@_author: jstolfi
@_date: 2016-08-28 18:37:32
IIUC, BitPay must confirm the payment immediately to the merchant, even before the first confirmation; so that the merchant can respond with the same routine it would use for PayPal or credit card payments.  
BitPay will send the money to the merchant's bank at a later time (once daily?); but, if the customer does a double spend, BitPay must eat the loss, because they already told "user paid" to the merchant.
As I understand it, RBF itself is not that bad for BitPay.  The "fee market" and its necessary "traffic jams" are the problem. 
To guard against double-spends, when BitPay receives a copy of the transaction from the customer, it immediately checks the queues out there for double-spending transactions that the customer may issue a few seconds later, and might get ahead of the first one as they propagate through the network.  If it sees no such "immediate" double spends, then it risks sending the OK to the merchant.  (Is this correct?)
This strategy would work with "Satoshi's bitcoin", namely as long as there is no contention for block space, and all transactions are processed first-come-first served.  In that case, a double-spend that is issued a minute or more after the original spend would probably be rejected by the miners, who already included the first one in their candidate block. 
But the risk is much greater in "Greg's bitcoin", which requires transactions to pile up on the queues during peak hours, so that users are forced to pay higher fees to get through.  If the original spend can't make it into the next solved block, there is a window of tens of minutes (or hours) in which the double-spend can be issued and reach the miners while the first one is still in the queue.  In that situation, it is likely that the miner will pick the one that pays the higher fee.  (The miner cannot rely on time of arrival, because of possible network delays; and it cannot rely on the timestamp in the transaction, because the hacker can falsify it.)
@_date: 2016-08-30 15:02:12


If there is a sudden unexpected surge of demand, yes; any system or industry will have problems coping with such events.  
But price setting works if the surges are predictable (e.g. the 2x variation in bitcoin traffic over the day, or the increase in credit card spending near Christmas, or the extra demand for soft drinks in the summer, or the expected yearly growth in smartphone demand).  Then industries set up their infrastructure so that they can serve all the peak demand without backlogs -- again, because that is the strategy that maximizes their total profit.


It is not for free: he must spend a lot of work to solve the block, and then his risk of losing that work increases as the block gets bigger.  
If such a miner had 10% of the total hashpower, and the size limit was 100 MB with average size 2 MB, all he could do is cause the blockchain to grow 5x faster while the attack lasts -- even if all his solved blocks were accepted by his peers.  If he keeps up for 10 days, trying all the time to mine 100 MB blocks, he would only add ~140 such blocks (14 GB) to the blockchain.  That  would cost him maybe 4 million USD in electricity.
Moreover, miners who see a huge block filled with transactions that no one has seen can choose to ignore it.  That is a good policy for them if they believe that a majority of other miners will ignore such blocks too.


He definitely [was aware of the average block size]( 
(The threshold discussed in that post is the point when fees would be required at all.  His initial implementation would include any received transaction in the block, **including zero-fee ones** (with more than a certain minimum value), until the block reached 200 kB; after that it would include only transactions that paid a minimum fee.  In the next release, he lowered that threshold to 50 kB.  As he notes, the avrage block size at the time was 1 kB.  So the 1 MB limit was 1000 times the average size. Today, it seems tha most miners simply refuse free transactions.)
@_date: 2016-08-01 18:22:03


Sigh. No, that is not true.  Traceability has nothing to do with fungibility.  Once more: dollars in bank accounts are totally fungible, even though they are totally traceable.  
When fungibility is discussed, people usually bring up is a landmark 1749 legal case in England.  Mr. Crawfurd lost a 20 pound banknote in the mail, and it turned up some time later in the Royal Bank of Scotland.  The guy sued the bank arguing that the banknote was his.  The court decided that the banknote was not "his" banknote, but just some generic 20 pounds that the bank had obtained legally, and hence was not required to return.  That case established that bank notes were fungible, *even though that banknote had been traced* thanks to its serial number.


It is like the guy who paid $300 for $20 that were once in Al Capone's bank account. 8-)
@_date: 2016-08-30 11:18:26


The expected loss of reward due to the increased orphaning risk is part of the cost of including a transaction in a block.  Therefore, if the fee of a transaction is more than the cost of including it in the block, it compensates that loss too, by definition.
That holds for Coca-Cola too.  If it costs them 50 cents to make a can of coke that is sold for $1, then, *by defniition*, they can afford to expand their factories and truck fleet to make 1000 times as many cans as they are making now -- *if there is demand for that much coke at $1 per can*.
Perhaps you are assuming that the cost grows more than proportionally to the block size.  Even if that was true, the miners would just raise their minimum fee until the demand that is willing to pay that fee is enough to cover the costs of serving it.


A 1 MB block contains about 2000 transactions, and currently pays the miner who solves it 12.5 BTC of reward plus ~0.5 BTC of fees.  A 10 GB block would contain 10'000 as many transaction (20 million of them); at the same average fee, it would pay the miner 12.5 BTC of reward and 5000 BTC of fees.  That is, 2.5 million USD.  The mining industry as a whole would earn ~144 times that per day, namely 360 million USD per day.  Would that be enough to pay for the costs of sharing 1.44 TB per day among the 15 miners that remain today, at 1 GB/minute?
The network would have a slight problem if one miner suddenly created a 10 GB block at a time when the largest actual block sizes ever seen was 10 MB.  Then maybe some miners and clients will crash while trying to download that block.  The 1 MB limit was set in 2010, at more than 100 times the current average block size, precisely to guard against *that* risk.  Today, the limit should be more than 100 MB.  If one day the average block size gets to 100 MB, the limit should be at least 10 GB; and so on..  


Every transaction that gets into a block must first be received and validated by the miner. So if it takes 10 minutes to download a block, it takes a lot more than 10 minutes to receive the transactions that went into it. (That observation, by the way, is the basis of the best fast block propagation methods that miners can use to reduce the propagation costs.)
If a miner were to post a solved 10 GB block out of the blue, when typical blocks are still 10 MB, that block would be rejected by other miners for violating the safety size limit, which by then should be 1 GB.  
If the paying demand was indeed high enough to fill 10 GB blocks *routinely*, then all miners would be capable of handling 10 GB blocks, and the occasional 100 GB freak block.. But then there will be 2 billion transactions per day, which would mean perhaps 1 billion users sending 2 transactions per day.  Bitcoiners woudl surely love to have that "problem" in their hands.
@_date: 2016-08-28 22:41:39


OK, thanks for the correction.  
I gather that Bitpay offers (or should offer) to the merchant the option of emailing a notice when the transaction has received N confirmations, such as 1 or 6.  Then, I suppose that, in their view, the merchant who accepts 0-confirmations is doing so at his own risk.  
In that case, a merchant who uses BitPay should treat bitcoin payments like payments by bank wire: namely, hold the purchase and only execute it after the payment gets at least 1 confirmation (which pretty much rules out the risk of a double spend fraud).
But I suppose that customers who buy virtual game items are not willing to wait that long.  Especially now, with the "fee market"...
@_date: 2016-08-01 12:04:23
Professors also spend a lot of their time finding bugs in other professors' papers.  8-) 
They also spend a lot of time proving that certain problems have no solution. These proofs are not very convincing, granted, because one may change the problem a little and it then may become solvable.  (That is how Satoshi "solved" the double-spending problem of trustless payments.)  But there is no way to tell if and when such strokes of genius will happen.
P2p LN routing is a problem that still has no viable solution known.   Just because one is desperately needed, and there are dozens of developers looking for it, it does not mean that it will be found.  
Finding a payment path requires knowing the clearance (initial funds minus payments already made) of all channels that may be used in it.  Those clearances change every time a payment is made through the channel. So LN payments still must be broadcast to the entire network.
If Alice needs to pay 20 BTC to Zoe, it may happen that there is no path that can carry that amount, even if Alice and Zoe have channels that can.  Then what?  There may be three paths that can carry 12, 8, and 7 BTC each; but how does one find them? How does one ensure that they are executed atomically (all of them, or none of them)?
There is the highly centralized solution of a handful of large hubs that all payments must go through.  But, if it has to be centralized, people had better use Visa or Mastercard.  Even that centralized solution has several unsolved problems, such as funding of channels to large merchants, traffic jams when many channels have to be settled in a short time, etc.  
Whether p2p or centralized, the LN also requires users to lock enough funds in each channel, in advance, to cover hundreds of future payments...
But bitcoin holders need to keep the LN mirage alive, because bitcoin cannot "go to the moon" without it -- even with unlimited blocks.
@_date: 2016-08-19 16:39:30
@_date: 2016-08-19 16:35:19
Checking that [chart for the last 2 years]( I see that fees were somewhat stable at ~15 BTC/day until June 2015, when the network first reached saturation during the "stress tests".  Then it started climbing slowly, and now is ~75 BTC/day, or 5 times the pre-saturation value.  
Since early Jun/2015 to now, [the average confirmed traffic]( climbed from ~120'000 to ~240'000 tx/day.  So the average fee per tx has increased by a factor of about 2.5.
@_date: 2016-08-30 01:06:02


Greg's bitcoin has that limit.  Not Satoshi's bitcoin.


Think how any competent business like Coca-Cola or Visa handles this problem.  First, they plan their installations so that they can accommodate sudden surges in demand.  As long as the mean demand is growing,  they will expand their facilities to match.  That's because, once they have set their price to a profitable level, the more demand they serve, the more money they take home at the end of the month.
The main "governance problem"  that cryptocurrencies have is that the nerd who has zero business or economics sense will think of a clever way to do something (whether it is the fee market, per-byte pricing, fixed currency issuance, abrupt reward halvings, etc.), then sees that no real business does it that way, and concludes that he is a genius and everybody else is an idiot.


Well, I am now convinced that the size war happened only because Greg was absolutely convinced that his "fee market for layer 2 settlement" model was the salvation of bitcoin, and he happened to get $70 million to impose it.
@_date: 2016-08-20 00:16:28
Right.  I forgot that lotteries exist only because there are people who do not think logically...
@_date: 2016-08-20 20:25:18


You should use better news sources: [it was duly reported]( in @_date: 2016-08-02 02:09:37


Electronic money (like bank accounts and credit cards) is traceable. In modern times and for ordinary legal commerce, cash is fungible by law and by fact.  So the examples that you ask must be either historical, or illegal commerce.
For illegal purposes, not all cash is equivalent.  Because of volume, large payments favor bills of large denominations: someone may demand a payment 
in $100 and refuse an equivalent amount in $10 bills, or demand an overcharge. Conversely, for ransom the kidnappers may demand used $20 bills, because they are easier to dispose of.
Until a few decades ago, companies issued bearer bonds -- stock certificates that entitled the anonymous bearer to a certain share of the dividends. Those bearer bonds were often used as cash, since a single certificate could be worth tens of thousands of dollars.  (Criminals were major users, and that is why they were outlawed.) But of course a certificate for 1000 shares of company A was not equivalent to 1000 shares of company B.  So, while bearer bonds of the same company were fungible, beare bonds as a whole were not.
In older times, a currency often began as a fixed amount of gold or silver, stamped into coins of recognizable shape for convenience.  But some kings in financial distress would later issue coins with the same shape and markings, but with less metal, or made from a debased alloy.  Then coins of that currency ceased to be fungible: a more demanding merchant might give lower value to those debased coins, even though the unwary plebs might still accept them at their face value.
@_date: 2016-08-31 21:17:34
Why are people still taking 21inc seriously?  Embedded mining does not mak sense, for anyone -- consumers, web surfers, device makers, service providers -- and for bitcoin itself


The centralization of mining is not a consequence of ASIC development, but just of the many economies of scale (that make large companies more profitable than small ones) and of the fact that the cost of the system is quadratic on the number of independent miners.  And of the fact that factors that normally act against centralization (such as transportation costs, language barriers, legislation and regulation, client specificity, etc.) do not exist in bitcoin mining.
Even if ASIC efficiency stopped improving, the difficulty would vary with the bitcoin price.  Namely, if the price doubles, the reward per block doubles.  Then the installed mining power would expand, until profit margin became again about the same as it was before.  In that situation, the same equipment would have to work twice as much as before, to solve a block.  That is, the difficulty would double too. 
Which means that the 50 GH/s 21inc chip will earn about the same value (2--3 US cents per day net, not accounting for capital costs and the take of 21inc and of the OEM), no matter what happens to the bitcoin price....
@_date: 2016-08-28 22:55:54


I see.  The 1-confirmation warning would be the most useful, I would think.  It would allow the merchant to release the goods with a 10-15 minute average delay, with minimal risk for small purchases.  (Even if that block gets orphaned, the "usurping twin" block will probably contain the same transactions.  Even if that is not the case, and the original transaction becomes unconfirmed, the chances of a hacker being able to exploit that event to do a double spend seem very small.) 
@_date: 2016-08-19 20:43:36
Ah yes, if you misunderstand "fungible" to mean "dark-market safe", as most bitcoiners do, then lottery tickets are never fungible.  ;-)
But then nothing is fungible, is it? Even gold bars can be distinguished with current forensics...
My test for fungibility is: if someone illegally takes from you some of that thing, can you demand to have the same specific thing back, or are you expected to be satisfied with just the same *amount* of that thing?  If the latter, then it is fungible.
@_date: 2016-08-19 16:10:55
@_date: 2016-08-23 22:49:23
It allows downvotes by subscribers, if I am not mistaken.  


It tells you that many bitcoiners are like religious militants: they will harrass anyone who does not revere their god. 
@_date: 2016-08-01 00:41:31


AFAIK there are only *toy* implementations.  I am not aware of any viable solution to the routing problem yet, or any evidence that a solution will one day be found.
@_date: 2016-08-19 16:24:54
Well, it is not surprising in hindsight.  If the average incoming traffic T (tx/day) is greater than the network capacity C, there will be a backlog of unconfimed transactions that will grow indefinitely at the rate T-C.  It means that some users will see their transactions delayed by ever increasing times.  Even if T is equal to C, or just below it, there will be extremely long delays.  
This situation cannot last for long.  Therefore, when T becomes equal to C, or exceeds it, some users will stop using bitcoin -- until T is again below C, most of the time.  
But, if T is less than C, there will be little or no competition for block space
So it is not surprising that the 1 MB limit has stopped the growth of traffic with only a modest increase in the fees.
@_date: 2016-08-01 07:06:06
I am not a part of "this community".  I am just a free sample of the 6,999,900,000 people out there who are not bitcoin believers...
@_date: 2016-08-16 01:54:16


Why? 
The bankruptcy trustee would be appointed by the court to be the **creditors** lawyer, with the mission to maximize the amount paid **to the creditors**.  The Bitfinex management will naturally try to maximize the amount that **they** will have after the haircut. 
One must assume that Bitfinex has distributed the loss only among the customers, while retaining most or all of the company's own assets (and maybe even exempted some preferential customers from the haircut).  They would have to be saints incarnate to do otherwise.  They may have also moved some assets out to save them from the cut.  Check what happened at MtGOX. 
@_date: 2016-08-29 02:12:01


The right way to control the cost of a system is to charge a price that covers it.   With a suitable minimum fee (per output or per byte, with or without a percentage of the value) there would be no contention for block space AND it would be profitable for miners to include everey transaction in the next block.
But bitcoin is screwed-up in many ways.  Holding the 1 MB limit to create a "fee market" is just one more mistake, and not the worst.


If there is no contention for block space, the miners will include each transaction in the candidate block as soon as it arrives.  I don't know the details, but I believe that validating and  appending one more transaction  to the current candidate block is much simpler than replacing a transaction in the middle of it.  (Note that this replacement would require re-validating all transactions that were inserted after the original one.)   So, while FCFS is not guaranteed, I believe that it is very unlikely that miners would bother doing RBF in the candidate block. (But maybe they would, if the new fee was high enough.)
This extra cost of RBF would not apply to transactions that are held in the memory pool  because the current block candiadte is already full.
@_date: 2016-08-01 13:39:38


Bitcoiners, especially libertarians and ancaps, have invented their own defintions of several terms, like "scarce", "fiat", "deflationary" -- and "fungible" -- to make bitcoin fit their prejudices and ideals.  
You can argue as much as you want, but the fact is that the word "fungible" (which existed well before bitcoin, of course) does not mean what you and many bitcoiners think it means. 
When you (and they) say that bitcoin should be "fungible", they mean that a guy should be able to send his bitcoins to someone else *no matter who he is, how he got them, whom he is sending them to, or why he is sending them*.  
But that is not what "fungible" means.
"Fungible" means that any unit of a currency is as good as any other, for commercial purposes.  Dollars in bank accounts are perfectly fungible, like bitcoins, because they don't even have serial numbers.  They are just entries in ledgers that say that someone has so many dollars in his account.  The ledgers don't say *which* dollars each person owns.  
When someone steals a car, and the police finds that car somewhere, the owner has the right to get that car back: because cars are not fungible, and what the victim lost was *that* car, not some other car.  If someone steals cash instead, and the police finds those dollar bills somewhere, the victim cannot claim them back, because they are not "his" bills, but just "some" bills.  He is still entitled to get the money back from the thief, but it can be any other dollar bills or bank deposits in the same amount.  That is what "fungible"  means.
Even though dollars in bank accounts are fungible, it does not mean that anyone can spend them, at will.  If law enforcement finds that the dollars in some account were obtained illegally, they can freeze or confiscate them.  Ditto if the owner of the account is a criminal, or the transaction is illegal, etc..  That does not change the fact that the dollars are fungible.
No matter how cleverly anonymized a cryptocurrency's blockchain can be, law enforcement can still confiscate or block payments if they find, by some other means, that the funds were obtained illegally or the payment is illegal.  They do not have to identify the specific bitcoins involved; they will just require the offending party to cough up the required *amount*, in any form -- or else.
@_date: 2016-08-01 16:57:38
Whatever the name you give to it, would you agree that the property that the OP wants is 
+ someone can send bitcoins to someone else, no matter who those people are, how the sender got the coins, what the receiver will do with the coins, and what the payment is for
rather than
+ when someone pays someone else, it does not matter *which* bitcoins he is using, only *how many* bitcoins he is sending
? 
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:44:42
Actually the CFTC order just applied to bit-coins **purchased on margin**.  The CFTC ordered BFX to actually send those bit-coins to wallets whose keys were held by clients.  
So probably those accounts were saved by the CFTC.  
The accounts used for ordinary trading, on the other hand, were outside the CFTC mandate.  For obvious reasons, even though they were in client-specific wallets, the clients could not be given the private keys to those coins, and the actual state of each account had to be maintained by BFX in a standard database.  The hacker could have got access to those wallets in a number of ways...
@_date: 2016-08-28 18:43:31
You obviously don't know how BitPay works.
@_date: 2016-08-19 18:12:02
They were perfectly fungible before the draw.
@_date: 2016-04-24 16:26:57


I understand what the word "consensus" means.  (Hint: the President of the US is chosen by a funny semi-democratic process, but then rules over every American "by consensus".)
Instead, please explain what *you* think that "consensus" means, and how it is supposed to be achieved.
@_date: 2016-04-24 19:18:14


I think that you (rather, libertarians in general) have a different definition of "consensus" than most people.  
The first time I ran into that difference was when I started editing Wikipedia (whose founder Jim Wales claims to be some flavor of libertarian).  In Wikipedia, editorial disputes are not supposed to be resolved by voting, or by some Higher Authority, but by "consensus".  
I never understood what that meant; to me "consensus" is a state, not a decision-making method.  If there is consensus from the start -- that is, everybody wants the same thing, as in your first dictionary definition -- then there is no dispute, and the "decision" does not even deserve to be called that.  
If, on the other hand, a significant fraction of the people disagrees, and refuses to *accept* a choice, there is no consensus, even in the secondary definition; and it is useless to proclaim "let's decide by consensus".  
(In practice, WP edit wars ended with the two parties finding an acceptable middle ground, or with one party getting fed up and leaving, or with the page locked by the admins until the parties cooled off and one of those two outcomes was possible again.) 
It was only when I started looking into bitcoin that I realized that libertarians reject democratic voting, and believe that decisions should be reached "by consensus" instead.  That is, for them consensus is not a *state* that is the hoped-for goal of an decision-making process, but is a decision-making *process* by itself, supposedly a better alternative to democratic voting.
But I still don't understand what that process is.  How are people supposed to decide things, like lifting the 1MB limit, "by consensus"? 
It cannot be "there must be 95% agreement to change things".  If the context changes, the "no change" alternative may be more disruptive than the "change" one.  (See the "iceberg ahead" scenario, for example.  Or the block size limit issue.) 
Democratic voting of binary issues, with simple majority rule, is justified because it yields a decision that leaves the smaller number of unsatisfied people, and therefore has greater chance of achieving consensus.  Indeed, a mature minority should realize that it would be futile to resist the majority choice, and therefore had better consent to it and move on. 


Yeah, and "symposium" comes from the Greek "drink together". 8-)
@_date: 2016-08-11 20:55:55
Clickbait title.
@_date: 2016-04-24 02:23:16
It is open source. ;-)
@_date: 2016-08-01 10:54:47


Thus each user must know the topology of the whole network, and keep it updated as payments are executed. Which is the O( N^2 ) problem of the basic bitcoin network, only worse...
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:32:40


Except Greg.


Except Bitfinex, Tether, Bitstamp, Kraken, and Coinbase.  Oh, and a thousand other companies.


Except mining and software development.


Including every release of your wallet app or your Trezor's firmware. (What do you mean, you cannot read machine language?)
@_date: 2016-04-13 01:56:51
Oops, I posted here by mistake, sorry.
@_date: 2016-04-24 16:15:09
Actually ***I*** never understood what bitcoiners (libertarians? ancaps?) mean by "consensus".  Obviously it is not the common sense of the word.  
In this community, consensus seems to be a method to reach a decision, an alternative to democracy; whereas in general it is what hopefully happens *after* a decision has been taken -- including by democratic vote.
@_date: 2016-04-12 01:42:46


Except that you cannot easily move your bitcoins in and out of the LN.  Unless the specs changed again, you need a couple of days wait and a blockchain fee (per channel) to do that.  


That is not yet clear.  Unless they have some really ingenious idea for the routing problem, paying coffee with the LN may be less convenient than with plain bitcoin.


Because the coins that you withdraw from the LN to make your "private" payment can be traced as they leave the hub, for one thing.
@_date: 2016-04-24 17:33:17


Yes. Once a decision has been made, it is **hoped** that everybody affected will **consent** to it, even if they dislike it -- because they feel that refusing to abide by the decision would be futile and more harmful than the decision itself.


It does not matter how the decision is reached.  In democratic elections, the candidate with most votes gets elected, and then he takes the post by general consensus.  Even those who voted against him, or did not vote, will consent to his authority.  In other regimes and circumstances, the decision may displease most people affected; but they may still consent to it, if they feel that refusing to consent would be worse.
The word for "everybody is in favor" is "unanimity", not "consensus".
Sometimes a decision is ostensibly taken but fails to achieve broad consensus. Then the "decision" basically did not "catch", and the dispute continues. 
The top 5 mining pools have decided to keep the 1 MB limit for now.  It is unclear how many people liked that decision; my guess is that a majority of those who understand the issue would like to see the limit lifted.  But most users and relay node operators seem to consent to that decision -- by choice, by indifference, or by impotence.  They don't seem to have a choice, actually.
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:43:54
My, what a cynical mind you have! How could you possibly suspect that those three honorable Gentlemen could do anything that was illegal anywhere?  
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:37:37


That is a technical term.  It is [like this Mars station]( an implementation that displays some secondary features of the intended product, but still lacks essential features.  In this case, a route-finding algorithm that scales better than raw bitcoin.  
That toy LN also lacks the Watchers that are supposed to make the payment channels safe.
Elizabeth Stark, Rusty Russel, and all the other LN "gurus" are misleading people about the reality of the LN in order to prop up the market price of bitcoin and induce people to invest in it.  There is another technical term for that.  I will let you guess what it is.


Can you remind me of something that I wrote about bitcoin that was wrong?
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:28:15
Since [certain thing] started I have avoided posting here. But sometimes I follow a link and reply, before I realize where I ended up.
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:41:44
That guy does not affirm anything and we do not trust him.  He only calls attention to facts and raises possibilities.  Anyone can look at the facts and decide which interpretation is more likely -- his, or that of the 'Finex Triad.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:17:02
Small difference: each node in the Arpanet had dozens or thousands of users. (I got to use it in 1979, as a student at my university.)  
Each node in that toy LN is only one user (and probably some users set up several nodes each).
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:38:42


Have you read that infamous memo?  In it, FLLP says that FLLP checked the balances *with the banks*.  (And also that 60 million of the 450 million were in someone else's bank account, but Tether showed a letter from that guy promising to deliver the money to Tether.)  The names were blacked out with marker pen by Tether, not by FLLP.


You said it.  Thanks.
@_date: 2018-01-20 19:47:20


Some guys at BitFury have proposed an intermediate solution (FLARE).  There are about O(sqrt(N)) "beacons" (routing servers).  Each beacon knows the topology of his "domain", a region of the network around the beacon, with O(sqrt(N)) users.  The constant factors in the O() notation are chosen so that any two domains are very likely to have at least one user in common.  So, when Alice needs to send a payment to Zoe, the two users contact their respective beacons BA,BZ.  The beacons figure out that user Mike is in both domains.  So BA return a path from Alice to Mike in its domain, and BZ returns a path from Mike to Zoe in its domain.  The two paths together are the desiired payment path.
FLARE reduces the overall cost of the network since only the beacons need to know about channel capacities, and only of channels in their domain.  Still, if Alice belongs to the domains of K beacons, she must promptly communicate every payment that she makes to those K beacons.  Also, the paths found by FLARE will tend to be longer than those that would be found by a an omniscient router.
It may happen that all the domains that include Alice are disjoint from all the domains that include Zoe, in which case FLARE fails. 
If the resulting path does not work, because some of its middlemen is offline or refuses to cooperate, FLARE (like any other algorithm) may be unable to provide a second option that works.  
In FLARE, each user must trust that her beacon will not choose to block her payments, nor try to direct her payment through his cousins Mel, Ned, Oscar, and Pete, who overcharge for their service.  
Another alternative to FLARE is a single big hub and every user having just one channel to that hub.  Then the hub automatically knows the state of every channel, and route finding is trivial...
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:24:45
Tether hired Friedman LLP but they failed to deliver, you know.  You cannot trust auditors these days.  If only they used blockchain... .
Tether should sue Friedman LLP, like they sued Wells Fargo.  
@_date: 2018-01-12 02:53:14
Last time I checked Rusty's site, the proposal was a flat fee plus a percentage of the payment's value.
There is no justification for an LN middleman to charge according to "transaction byte size", since every payment has just one source and one destination; this data is a tiny fraction of all the data exchanged in order to negotiate the multi-hop payment; and the data transmission and processing costs are tiny compared to the "lost opportunity" cost of using the middleman's coins to secure the payment.
Note that these fees are not related to the on-chain tx fees.  The transaction that creates the channel must pay that fee at that time.  Every LN payments is a 0-conf transaction shared by the two parties, that they could use to close the channel and settle the payments. Therefore, this transaction must include a tx fee that is large enough to ensure confirmation at the unknown future time when the channel will have to be closed.   Needless to say, only the last LN payment through the channel will actually pay that tx fee.
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:47:06
Whether they have those 2.2 billion USD or not is a red herring.  The really damning part is that they are not obliged to give back the USD to any holder of USDT.  That is, the USDT are **by defintion** unbacked and worthless.
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:12:25
You mean that the governments cannot find out which banks they use?  That Friedman LLP will not show them the original memo with the banks names in clear?  That the banks will keep mum when the gubmint asks "allright, who here is banking for Tether?"
Nice try Bitfinex Money Laundering Division...
@_date: 2018-01-31 10:19:52
It would be nice if the governments finally did their obligation about Tether (and crypto investing in general). 
1. A subpoena is just a formal request for information or testimony, issued by a court of law, that the subject must provide or face penalties.  It may have been related to an investigation on Tether, or on some of their customers, or on something else altogether,
2. The CFTC only cares about commodity **futures** trading.  Even if Tether is printing "fiat fiat" money with no USD backing and/or refusing to redeem the USDT, I don't think that they would be stepping into the range of the CFTC's death ray.
3. If governments were to act against Tether, it would not be because they are "interested in Tethers's assets" (if they exist), but because they consider its actions illegal -- possibly, creating "fake" money, money laundering, fraud, etc. .  The governments' goal will be to shut down the company, ban trading of USDT in their jurisdictions, and drop heavy fines and/or jail terms on the owners.  
    If the company is deemed to be a criminal enterprise, shutdown would include seizing any  remaining assets of the company, of course.  
    If the reason is fraud against customers, rather than ML or monetary crime, the governments **may** then choose to be nice and refund all USDT owners through a bankruptcy process (as the Japanese government did with MtGOX, and the US government did with Cryptsy).  Or the USDT holders may sue the owners in civil courts.  Either way, the governments will probably seize any personal funds of the owners in order to pay the company's debts.
@_date: 2018-01-12 02:43:47
It is great to see Diane's work being continued; congratulations.  However, there are many unrealistic details in the simulated network that make the results rather meaningless.
The first problem is the neat n-dimensional grid topology chosen for the network.  It is not clear what the topology would be like in the real network; but it is certainly nothing like that.  
One way to generate a "totally random" topology for N nodes is the Erdös-Rényi (ER) model.   You merely pick pairs of nodes at random and add a channel between each pair, if there is not one already; until p\*N channels have been created, where p is the desired average number of channels per node.  The value of p should be at least log(N) to ensure reasonable connectivity.  Even then, the resulting network may not be connected; you may have to find the isolated components and connect them by edges 
Another way, that generates a more realistic topology, is the "preferential attachment" (PA) model.   You start with p nodes, all connected to each other; and then add one more node at a time, connected to p previous nodes.  These are chosen randomly, but with the probability of each candidate proportional to the number of channels that it already has.  This process attempts to model the way users join real networks like the WWW.  The resulting network will automatically be connected, and will have an uneven distribution of degrees, with a few hub-like nodes with many channels, and many "leaf" nodes with only p channels.
Another way, that is simpler to program and may be easier to understand, is what we could call the CM model.  Divide the users in two groups, "consumers" (C) and "merchants" (M), and randomly connect each consumer to p merchants and to q other users; and each merchant to r other merchants.  The ratio C/M could be something like 10 or 100.
Another problem is the even distribution of channel funds and payment requests.  In the ER odel, it is OK to fund each channel at random, with the same probability distribution.   In the PA model, the average funding between two nodes  with degrees x and y should be some increasing function of x and y, like x\*y or sqrt(x^(2) + y^(2)).  In the CM model,  you could fund each channel with random values with different means for C-C, C-M, and M-M channels. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 00:13:46


That is not right.  A "beta release" is a *complete* product that is usable for real work but has not seen much use and therefore may still have some serious bugs.  It is being released for those real users who like its features enough to be willing to run the risks.
The "LN" software that is out there is not beta release, nor alpha release (that is mostly complete but still too buggy for real use), nor a prototype, nor a proof-of-concept implementation.  The concept has not been proved to work, because no one knows whether a suitable path-finding algorithm will ever be developed.
@_date: 2018-01-18 04:23:18
Last time I checked, the code that they have released has no specific path-finding service.  Instead, each user node finds the paths that it needs.  
In order to do so, each user node needs to know the capacity of all channels in the network, at least approximately.  The capacity of a channel is the initial funding minus the net total payment made through it.  
Thus, every user node in the network must be promptly informed about every significant channel payment made anywhere in the network.  If an LN payment needs n hops, those n channel payments must be promptly broadcast to the whole network.
Obviously this solution scales worse than raw bitcon.  In the latter, only the miners need to know about all transactions in the network.  Simple clients need only check the chain of block headers (to make sure that they are getting a valid chain) and the part of the Merkle trees that contain payments to their wallets.  Moreover, the number of channel payments is the number of actual user-to-user payments mutiplied by the average payment path length.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:02:06


You claimed that they cannot divulge which banks they use for fear that governments would seize their funds.  But the memo makes it clear that Friedman LLP knows the identities of those banks.  
Anyway, the claim that governments cannot find out which banks they use is nonsense. AML regulation includes the obligation of every bank to report to the government any significant money transfer, as well as any transfer that the bank find suspicious for any reason.


You claimed that Tether is a tool for money laundering.  That is almost certainly the case, but ML is a crime in most countries.
In that case  governments (not just the US one) should obviously close Tether and criminalize the trading of USDT.  They would not be "furious" about it; the would be just doing their job. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:53:06
Companies hire independent auditors because in finance every manager must be assumed guilty of something nasty until hard proof to the contrary.  That is also why every serious company must keep detailed records of all its transactions, and have its accounting done by a professional staff, not just by the owners.
"Conspiracy" is just a secret agreement among two or more people to cooperate towards some goal.   A financial fraud (like Enron or PayCoin) usually involves a conspiracy between a handful of people.  However, some fraudsters (like Charles Ponzi, Bernard Madoff, and Mark Karpelès) apparently did it all alone.
In the case of Tether Inc and Bitfinexx, all three owners must be aware of what is really going on.  If they are not being sincere, that would be a conspiracy.
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:21:58
Does he even have a real name? 
Trusting the word of someone who is only known by a pseudonym is really stupid.  Like paying $20'000 for a Rolex in a deserted alley at night, to a guy in balaclava who came out of nowhere...
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:51:20
I have no idea about how high it can go.  What I can tell you, with mathematical certainty, is that 
1. at any time past or future -- whatever happen to the price, whatever the traders and hodlers do -- the sum of all the value that people got selling or spending bitcoin is several billion USD **less** than all the value that they spent buying or earning it;
2. the crash will catch most traders by surprise;
3. Once the story is over, the net effect will have been to take several billion dollars from bitcoin hodlers and traders, and give them to the miners; and to shuffle another tens of billions of dollars among the hodlers and traders.
And this is not mathematically certain, but is almost certain based on past cases:
4. There will be many, many more losers than winners.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:28:34
Do you think that a penny stock will become a real stock, if its market price keeps going up for long enough?  
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:14:10
There is no underlying asset.   As an investment, bitcoin is just like a pumped-up penny stock.  It is the largest, broadest, and longest-lived penny stock scam in history.
@_date: 2015-12-13 01:14:41
It is like asking whether diesel generators can be better than a diesel truck.  
Both have diesel engines, but otherwise they are very different things built for very different purposes.  It is not meaningful to compare the two.
@_date: 2015-12-23 11:54:20
Several months ago Peter Todd boasted in a talk that he "had been talking to banks".  Surely they must have asked him to sign Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA), prohibiting him of leaking anything said in those talks, before any talking took place. If some of those banks are part of the R3CEV consortium, it is quite possible that the NDA covers anything related to R3CEV too. 
Or maybe Todd did some consulting for R3CEV, which would imply another NDA and would explain his silence.
@_date: 2015-12-20 18:38:19
Read again Jimmy's plan in the OP.  He is asking whether he can use bitcoin to hide his income from the IRS. 
You are supposed to pay income tax on your income, not just capital gains -- **whether you receive your income in dollars, in bitcoins, or in salted cod**.  Ot at least declare your income, to claim exemption. 
If the IRS notices that Jimmy is apparently surviving on breathing alone, like the priests of that interesting Californian sect, they may decide to investigate the matter further.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:38:58


The correct name is "fraud", since the other traders were not informed that there was someone building a naked short position of ~500 million dollars.
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:09:50
I am not "advocating" anything.  I am only pointing out that they were "SPV mining", and will continue to do so, because it means more money for them.  
And pointing out that "honesty" is a concept that has no meaning or role in the bitcoin protocol.
And pointing out that there were bad blocks issued by **BTCNuggets**, F2Pool, and Antpool.  Why is everybody ignoring the first one, and focusing on the other two?  Because that one cannot be blamed on "those cheating Chinese", but is clearly the devs' fault?
Once more, what went wrong in the BIP66 deployment was *not* that the 95% threshold was too low.  Any threshold above 50% would be OK.  The mistake was enabling the change immediately as soon as the threshold was reached, without the grace period **and the general alerts**.
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:27:17
I know.  "No army can stop a stupid idea whose time has come."
@_date: 2015-12-20 13:12:53
That was the rule when BIT started.  Then the right to sell was suspended for some months while they got the fund listed on OTCQX.  I am not sure, but I had the impression that the limitation was lifted once they got that.
@_date: 2015-12-09 12:20:52
That "message" is just that day's headline from *The Times* and was put there only to prove that the block had been mined that day and not before.  If you think about it, it is the most stupid and meaningless "libertarian manifesto" that he could have picked, if he was trying to make a political statement with it. The only thing that it says about Satoshi is that he (probably) subscribed to *The Times* -- which fits with his supposed "fluent in English but not American" background.
And in the whitepaper he says that banks and credit cards "work very well for most purposes".  And that bitcoin cannot give the same level of privacy as banks, but can come close to it.
(Not implying that Craig can be Satoshi, quite the opposite.  But there is no evidence that Satoshi hated banks, or saw bitcoin as a way to get rid of them.)
@_date: 2015-12-14 02:24:40
Well, thanks... But those pages seem very confusing: some are directed to consumers, some to merchants, and some I cannot tell which.
Anyway, today I learned that "accepting bitcoin" is much more complicated, inconvenient, and risky for merchants than I had imagined.  It is surprising that *any* merchants would accept those terms...
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:33:06
Indeed it does not matter of whether I or someone else dislikes the misuse of bitcoin.  What matters is whether bitcoin will succeed at those things that it was not designed for.  
Note that for bitcoin to be a good investment, for example, it is not enough that its **ideas** will be successful. It is essential that **that** specific blockchain will survive until the price goes to the moon.  If **that** blockchain is grossly inadequate for its purpose, it will be superseded one day by a better crypto-investment -- and then all money invested in bitcoins will be lost.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:58:56


The "v2" and "v3" tags on the block headers merely indicated which version of the software the miner was running.  BTCNuggets had not upgraded, F2pool and Antminer had.  No one lied.


ONLY if the change was activated imediately after reaching that threshold, without giving time for the minority to upgrade.
Is this so hard to understand? No miner wants his blocks to be orphaned.  No miner cares enough about changes like BIP66 or BIP101 that he will rather lose his millions than submit to the majority choice.  Once it is clear that the majority will switch to a new version of the rules, the minority will promptly switch too -- **if alerted and given a chance to do so**.  
Instead, the devs tried to deploy BIP66 without grace periods or alerts, as soon as 95% of the miners had upgraded, **without caring about the 5% of miners -- like BTCNuggets -- who would INEVITABLY get screwed**.  
If it was not for SPV mining, BTCNuggets (and the other one who mined a v2 block later that day, and maybe some others) would have lost their work all the same, but no one would have noticed or cared.  It was almost sweet justice that SPV mining magnified the blunder into a major incident. 
But of course the devs will never own up to their mistakes...
@_date: 2015-12-20 13:22:28
There are two distinct things: equity in Greyscale and the other companies involved in managing the BIT fund, and shares of the BIT fund itself.  GBTC is the ticker code for the latter.
Shares of the BIT fund are created by Greyscale whenever some top-level broker (SecondMarket used to be one) gives them bitcoins to hold; at the rate of 10 shares for each bitcoin.  Those top-level brokers than can sell the shares to the public through a hierarchy of lesser brokers.
Greyscale eats some of those bitcoins as "maintenance" fees and other fees, so each share is actually worth a bit less than 0.1 BTC, and that amount decreases every year.  Greyscale can redeem shares returned to them by the top-level brokers, by "destroying" them and giving back the corresponding BTC (minus those fees).
Those companies make money from fees anyway, whether the price goes up or down.  Additionally, they can make money from spreads -- like now, when a top-level broker can buy 1 BTC for $460 on the market, exchange it with Greyscale for 10 new shares, and sell those shares for $620 to the ultimate investors.
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:11:33


Well, that is speculation too.  And that risk would exist also with the SW proposal, which is equivalent to raising the block size limit to 4 MB.  Why isn't that also an argument against SW?


The "fee market" is the worst possible way to increase the fees, and is very likely to fail.  Users will abandon bitcoin well before the fees become high enough -- not because they cannot pay the fees, but because of the unpredictable delays and much worse client interface.  
The right way to increase the fees is simply to increase the fees -- preferably in the consensus rules, so that clients know them beforehand, and are not left to guess what their relay nodes or the next lucky miners may require.  
Ideologically, having the fees defined arbitrarily by the devs and approved by the miner majority is not worse than having an arbitrary block size limit set in exactly the same way.
@_date: 2015-12-08 02:23:48


Yes, there would have to be periodic adjustments.  Just as there would have to be periodic adjustments of the block size limit to accommodate increased or shrinking demand.  (The optimal block size, like the optimal fee, depends on the users' price/demand curve.)
Who would decide the fee (or the block size)?  The arrangements most likely to work are (1) the devs consult the miners and community and try to find a 'consensus' value, then program it into the software, and that proposal gets 'approved' by a mining majority. Or, more directly, (2) a coalition of miners with supermajority of the hashpower meets, decides the new value, and announces it to the world so that everybody can update their software. (Any programmer can patch the single command where that parameter and gets adjusted.)
The fee does not have to be adjusted too often.  Even if it gets 4x or 1/4 of the original value, due to price changes, the system should still work at least as well as it does now (when the block reward too is fixed in spite of price changes).
Also, the fee should be a fixed base value (say 0.10 USD) plus a fixed percentage (say, 0.5%) of the total output value, minus any obvious return change.  (There are good economic reasons for this fee formula, but it may be impossible to get the community to understand them...) Then the percentage will not be affected by price changes, and the base part can be allowed to float in a wider range before being adjusted.
That is the second fatal flaw that I see in the bitcon protocol: there is no mechanism to adapt its arbitrary parameters (block reward and transaction fees) to the state of the bitcoin economy, without a central authority (the "Bitcoin Fed") to set them by fiat. 
Both that flaw and the inevitable concentration of mining will require some brilliant ideas, comparable to that of the PoW/majority blockchain.
@_date: 2015-12-11 07:43:19
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:06:52


Sidechains are pink unicorns. 
@_date: 2015-12-10 19:26:30


In the limiting case, it could even have been a raspberry Pi.  But again, try to think like a scammer.  What would you do, if you had cheated investors out of 100 M$ to build a supercomputer with 160,000 cores, but pocketed most of that money; and now you had to give a course ostensibly using it?  You already told the students that they would only get *remote* access to the supercomputer; that makes your problem much easier.  What access would you give them, how would you arrange to serve that access, what excuses would you tell them, so that the students do not realize that you do not actually have the 160,000 cores? 
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:29:07
Oops!  You are right. The appearance is similar to vanilla LaTeX papers, but it is not LaTeX.  And I don't know why I had arXiv in my mind. 
So I stand by only one part of my comment: Kleiman does not seem to be a guy who would present his project in good academic stle; and, based on the Wright paper that I saw, there is no way that he coudl have written Satoshi's whitepaper.
By the way, there is a first version that was published in 2008, but the version availiable through that link is a revised version with internal creation date 2009-03-23.  
@_date: 2015-06-22 03:07:41


Apparently not, since they have not reacted to the news that the Bitcoin Network is now the property of Blockstream Inc.  
Or to the news that the new owners have decided to repurpose Bitcoin: no longer a p2p payment system, but the hub-to-hub settlement channel of the "overlay network" that they are going to build, and all common bitcoiners would have to use.
@_date: 2015-06-21 00:54:13
It might be argued that the rules above don't apply for a controversial the experiment.  
However, CoinWallet.eu pretends to be a company.  IMHO, the rules above do apply.
@_date: 2015-06-11 00:34:19


Yes, that is a quite problem indeed. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 10:30:09
That is not "free market".  


Good try ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-27 01:27:44
Well, I don't share the faith, sorry...
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:54:44
Hm, isn't there a version of XT that already has the patch?  I think Gavin wrote somewhere that he wanted to have working code before posting the BIP.  And he did test a 20MB version a few weeks ago.
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:50:13
Good to know.  You may want to tell everybody that you are not posting this only to buy time and keep the victims from calling the cops.  And you may want to tell everybody that you are not lying.
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:55:44
Just for your information, "capital gains" is just one of many kinds of "income" that you can have.  It is income that you get from your property becoming more valuable.
But your salary is income too.  The rent of property you own is income.  Commission on sales that you make is income.  Payments from consulting or freelance works is income.  If you paint beach pebbles and sell them to tourists at the beach, the money that you get is income.  None of these is capital gains.
@_date: 2015-12-20 09:53:50


Not for "years", right? I recall when those graphs were added; it must have been in 2014.  
It would be interesting to have similar charts for the USD volume.  
I suppose that their algorithm to detect return change is simply "an output that is the same address as one of the inputs".  If so, the recommendation against reusing addresses will break that algorithm.  Those "whale chains" that you discovered must be adding 3000 BTC to that graph at every step... 
@_date: 2015-12-07 11:15:45
[I already wrote the BIP]( and Satoshi was kind enough to write the code for it.
@_date: 2015-12-26 01:56:15


BitFury has shown how large miners still have significant advantages of scale: for one thing, they can afford to finance development of more efficient hardware for their own use.  Large miners also have more friends in the right places: for example, it seems that the president of Georgia came to the opening of the new bitcoin mine that BitFury just set up in the country.  And KnC managed to create the XBT Tracker One notes, traded in NASDAQ Sweden, that provide a high-liquidity outlet for their mined coins...
@_date: 2015-12-24 11:22:00
Thanks for the response! You write:


I *very* much doubt that the Chinese day traders, who are basically the ones fixing the price of bitcoin, would even know about that event, or would care if they did.  Ditto for 99% of the bitcoin holders outside of China.  
They obviously don't care about [**this piechart**]( that says that bitcoin is already broken; so they will definitely not care about one of those big wedges getting a few % advantage thanks to selfish mining.  
On the contrary, if someone detected selfish mining and raised the alarm, you can bet that most holders would rush to tell everybody that it is nothing to worry about, even "good for bitcoin", somehow.


Any advantage that a large miner could get from padding his blocks he could get instead by slowing down the broadcast of his blocks by a few seconds.  
Unlike full selfish mining, this ruse would be impossible to prove by external evidence, since it would be indistingushable from a poor internet connection.  So, increasing the block size limit will not give large miners any advantage that they don'y already have.
Moreover, "hash stealing" via Stratum and fast block propagation should negate that alleged "advantage" of large blocks.
Moreover, until June 2015 the block size limit was more than twice the average actual block size, and yet in those 6.5 years no large miner chose to pad his blocks to get that alleged advantage.  Why would a large miner choose to do that if the limit was raised to 4 MB?
@_date: 2015-12-22 22:28:48
A normal withdrawal would have been a blockchain transaction sending coins from the MtGOX hot wallet to some blockchain address, presumably specified by the client when he requested the withdrawal.  
The leaked data files included a database of all trades and a list of client accounts (IIRC, with emails and other sensitive data).  I don't know whether the leak included also a log of bitcoin deposits and withdrawals.  
Anyway, to me it seems very unlikely that Willy Bot operated without Mark's knowledge.  If Mark was in the game, then he might have manually sent the coins collected by Willy from any hot or cold wallet, bypassing the normal withdrawal procedure. 
In fact, he or someone else may have done that at any earlier date; in which case Willy Bot may have been an attempt to hide that prior theft from clients by buying their bitcoins for non-existent dollars, and then stalling on dollar withdrawals.  
But it is also likely that he was desperate and did not quite know what he was doing.
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:01:31
Bitcoin was designed and implemented with the goal of making p2p payments without the need for a trusted intermediary.  It was not meant to be a tool for evading the law or hiding sex expenses from one's spouse.  If those uses are taking (perhaps) 50% of the node bandwidth and overhead of block explorers, well, we should be happy that they become inviable.
Moreover, the network is extremely expensive to run.  Those tumbling trasactions are not "free", they are takng a free ride on a subsidized service.  0.10 $/tx is still much less than the actual cost per transaction.  If tumbling services are not viable with a 0.10 $/tx fee, they should not exist.
@_date: 2015-06-21 05:02:08
Thanks for the info, we will be waiting for the official numbers.
@_date: 2015-06-11 00:01:07
taking the lead from that question, I wonder how many bitcoin-based companies have made a profit.
+ Most existing exchanges seem to be very profitable (the owners of Bitstamp once said that they could be the richest 20-yer-olds in Slovenia).  They get their revenue from various fees, and possibly from more or less unethichal activities like trading against their customers, running arbitrage, lending money or bitcoin to clients and outsiders, giving  privileges to special clients, etc.
+ Many bitcoin miners are profitable, even now after 18 months of falling prices, thanks to energy efficiency improvements.  At some times in the past, when the price was rising fast, mining must have been *very* profitable, because the total revenue of the industry grew just as fast, while new competitors for that revenue could not build their mines fast enough.  On other hand, many miners have had to stop mining, and some of them may have failed to recover their initial investment.  
+ Some makers of mining equipment must have been profitable, although sales surely dropped quite a lot in the last 18 months.  Many famous companies failed; there may be more failures than continuing successes in this area.
+ The actual manufacturers of hashing chips (bitcoin ASICs) probably made reasonable profits, since for them they are just another ASIC.  However, I would guess that some of the bitcoin-based companies that designed and ordered bitcoin ASICs may be in the red, with large stockpiles of ASICS that now have few buyers.
+ Payment processors like BitPay, Coinbase, and Circle do not seem to have enough volume to be profitable yet, much less to have repaid their invstments.  ChangeTip cannot possibly be profitable ever.
+ Remittance services using bitcoin ("rebittance") probably do not have enough volume yet to be profitable.
+ Bitcoin investment funds -- like Sielbert's BIT, Pantera's PBP, GABI, Exante -- may be making a couple million USD/year each, from fees; they may be in the black, but do not seem to be making big money.
What others?
@_date: 2015-06-23 23:49:20
Some fixed block size limit is needed for technical reasons that should be obvious to experienced programmers.  In the original implemetntion by Satoshi, the limit was 32 MB.
The limit was lowered to 1 MB early on, when Satoshi was still in charge, in order to thwart possible "big block" attacks.  A miner could create, by malice or accident, a block that was big enough to cause some clients and nodes to fail, but still small enough to be accepted by the surviving nodes and included in the blockchain.  From that point on, those failed clients and nodes would be permanently unable to process the blockchan (unless their hardware was expanded). 
With a suitable max block size limit, such blocks can be rejected by any player before they cause harm.  
To serve that purpose, the block size limit must be an explicit number, the same for all clients, nodes, and miners, known to all programmers in advance, and that remains unchanged for year.  Then every programmer can configure his software to handle blocks of that maximum size, and every user, miner, and node operator can figure out in advance how much bandwidth and memory he needs to run the software.
When the limit was lowered to 1 MB, it was clearly understood by Satoshi, Gavin, and other bitcoiners that the limit would be raised in the future, when traffic demanded it; and that the change would require a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-12-27 15:30:01


But that takes only a fraction of a blink.
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:01:42
And you are missing my point that cars were not designed to travel over water, so it is pointless to try to adapt them for that.  If you want a vehicle to travel over water, you should design one with that goal since the beginning.  
Ditto if you want a value storage system, a payment system for illegal trade, a settlement system for banks, a replacement for VISA and paypal, a micropayment system, a notarization system, etc. Each of those things should be designed from scratch, staring from its goal and working out what it calls for.  If at some point you need something like the bitcoin electronic cash system, then you may consider using it.  
But I am sure that you will need something different in each case -- just as, when designing a boat, you will never conclude that you need four wheels with suspension, brakes, and steering wheel.
@_date: 2015-12-24 04:14:54
[The blue line in the top panel of this page](  But that node may filter transactions, I don't know.
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:34:11
Right now the 4 largest mining pools, all Chinese, have 68% of the world's hashpower.  If they wanted to, they could increase the block size to 8 MB now (or do any other change to the protocol), and force everybody else to upgrade to that. 
@_date: 2015-06-30 03:05:13
Because you don't turn a Wright Flyer One into a Boeing 747 by adding a bigger fuselage on top of it...
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:51:31
Gavin and Mike do not have any mining power.  Neither the Blockstream folks.
@_date: 2015-06-05 13:58:20


Well, it seems that you do not understand them either, because you do not seem to be aware of the numbers and their implications.
I believe that the fundamental reason of our disagreement is that you do not distinguish between activities that simply move money  around, and activities that generate real wealth -- non-monetary goods and services.  Speculative trading is very common, but does not generate wealth, 
Money is not real wealth, it is only tokens and numbers that serve as bridges in the exchange of real wealth.  When you are measuring the wealth of an individual or company, it is quite appropriate to include money and bank accounts in the total -- because these tokens can be readily exchanged *with external parties* for real wealth.  But when you are analyzing the wealth of a nation, or of the world, the money supply should *not* be counted (except for the value of the service that it renders as facilitator of commerce, which is only a tiny percentage of its nominal value).  
Speculative trading does not generate any real wealth, it only takes real wealth from those traders who think that they are smart or lucky to those who *actually* are smart or lucky.  It is therefore just a form of gambling, like poker: a zero-sum game, where wins and losses depend on a combination of random luck and the ability to mislead or outsmart the adversaries.
While speculative trading is hard to avoid, it is not a desirable thing for society: by rewarding some people who do nothing useful, sometimes with extraordinary fortunes, it weakens the incentives for citizens to engage in activities that generate wealth.  Successful speculators are essentially parasites, net consumers of wealth that others produce.
Needless to say, this view of the economy is not accepted by the speculators themselves; and, since the dream job of many economists is to work for industrial speculators ("Wall Street"), it is not popular among economists either.  Speculators and their apologists will say that they render a valuable service, by providing liquidity to markets, price discovery, etc. -- when in fact those services only distort the real prices of the objects of speculation and benefit only the speculators themselves.  
In that "Wall Street" school of economy, any business that makes someone rich is "good" -- even if it results in net waste of resources (like bitcoin mining).  Those economists and businessmen will try to justify that view with complicated tales of many trees; but one just has to look at the forest as a whole, and watch what goes in and what goes out of it, to realize that it is just obfuscation -- that they are net consumers and destroyers of wealth.
Bitcoin's real contribution to the world would be only the savings that it would provide in transaction fees, compared to legacy money transmitters.  We can estimate that from the volume of payments processed by Bitpay, which was 160 million dollars in 2014.  Even ignoring that most of that was related to mining (and therefore an overhead of the bitcoin system) and even assuming that the total amount of e-payments is 10 times that, and assuming that traditional payment channels would have taken 3% of the price paid, we conclude that the service rendered by bitcoin in 2014 was worth 50 million dollars at most.  On the other hand, the miners were paid more than 1 million dollars a day, on average, during that time, or about 400 million dollars in total.  Thus, the bitcoin system has taken frm the bitcoin community almost 10 times as much as the value of the service that it provided.
Anyway, I could go on; but I am afraid that our views of the world are so far apart that we would never come to agree...
@_date: 2015-06-12 19:32:33
There is no reward for the nodes, who have to store the block.  But the risk is that a node or client may crash for lack of RAM, or may see its internet connection overwhelmed, if it gets a node that is too big.
@_date: 2015-06-12 20:13:00


Even if the computer has 64 GB of memory, it is not guaranteed that a program will always be able to allocate 10 GB (in one piece, or even in chunks)  because the free memory may get badly fragmented.  Most programs cannot recover from an "out of memory" error.
The "10 GB" is just an example.  There will always be some magic size that 30% of the nodes (say) cannot handle, but the rest can.  The malicious miner will try to mine a block that big.  If he controls 1% of the hashing power, he will succeed within 1 day or so.  
From then on, that block will be in the blockchain, and therefore will have to be handled by nodes, clients who need to sync, and any programs that process the blockchain.
20 MB may already be too big from that perspective.  4 MB would be more reasonable, IMHO, but apparently Gavin wants to minimize the number of hard forks in the future.  I think that this attempt is futile; if bitcoin cannot survive a hard fork every year, it will not evolve, and therefore die....
@_date: 2015-12-11 06:34:42


Satoshi wrote the goal in the whitepaper; and its design confirms it. (How do we know that cars were meant to travel on roads, and not on water?)
 &gt; how much it should be worth?
There is a formula that relates the value of a currency, the volume of payments that it is used for, how long it takes for the same currency unit to be reused, and how much of that currency is in circulation.  Plugging optimistic estimates of those parameters for bitcoin, if there was no hoarding for speculation, the price should be single-digit or less.
At the current price, the block reeward of 25 BTC is a lot of money ($10'000). If the price was $0.10 or less, the block reward of 25 BTC would probably be too low to sustain industrial mining for profit, and mining would be better distributed among users -- as assumed in the design.


And it also does not work the way you wish it would...
@_date: 2015-12-23 11:09:00
It takes some study to guess the right vowels, but other than that it is not just good, it is THE Book.  Take for example these versicles (sorry but I had to transliterate the ancient Japanese script):
  "TH SSTM WRKS WLL NGH FR MST TRNSCTNS" (SAT 1:1:2)
  "TH SSTM S SCR S LNG S HNST NDS CLLCTVL CNTRL MR CPN PWR THN N CPRTNG GRP F TTCKR NDS" (SAT 1:2:4) 
These Words are as true today as they were 0.007 millennia ago.
@_date: 2015-06-05 23:15:49
A vanity address is normally obtained by generating thousands or millions of private keys, until finding one whose public address has the desired letters.  
That address above was obtained directly from the desired phrase and its checksum, without generating the private key.  Its private key is unknown, and there is no known method that will find it in a practical amount of time.  Therefore, sending bitcoins to any address created this way effectively destroys them.
@_date: 2015-06-04 14:30:45


You ask for a loan because you need more money.  Locking up the money that you have as collateral prevents you from spending it.  See the problem?


You are confusing ownership with possession.  If you don't pay the loan in time, the car or house becomes automatically **property** of the bank; the bank **owns** it.   The bank then may have to resort to the police or professionals to gain **possession** of **their** property. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:22:20
If you are going to make less than three payments through a channel, you had better do them on-chain. Same or smaller number of on-chain transactions, less delay, much simpler protocol (well, relatively), no extra money locked up...
@_date: 2015-06-04 03:49:19
"Deploy and hope that the bad cases don't happen" is not a professional way to develop software.  Especially software that is supposed to hold billions of people's investments...
@_date: 2015-12-10 13:29:27


In both cases the information was provided by Craig himself. There is no sign that the list authors checked that information. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 13:06:08
Indeed I cannot imagine how the trustee is going to validate the claims, that apparently add to a lot more than 660'000 BTC.  I bet that he does not know either (even though he has hired IT experts to help him with the analysis of the 
database.) 
@_date: 2015-12-23 00:50:39
Yest, that is what I remembered. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-06-25 05:34:23
For cleaner forks, the version tag of the *protocol* ('consensus rules') should be part of the protocol and required on all blocks.  It should be distinct from the version tag of the *software* used by the miner, which can be anything.
The version tag of the protocol should also be used to "salt" the transaction inputs before signing them. If there is no apoptosis, or in case of "emergency" hard forks before the next scheduled fork, this rule would prevent transactions intended for one branch from being executed in the other branch. This rule would a splitting of the coin (hopefully an extremely asymmetric one) but would avoid much confusion
@_date: 2015-12-10 13:29:21
I doubt very much that it exists.  Even if it did, that financial report by the the Hotwire trustees tells me that he never used that computer for anything but "uncommercialized research"
@_date: 2015-12-10 14:58:14
Both organized and taught by Craig Steven Wright...
The second one promises "you will be given access to one of De Morgan’s supercomputers during the course" and "real time access to Cloudcroft’s 160,600 core Super Computer".   I would like to know what sort of access the student got.  Were they able to tell how many nodes the supercomputer really had (not just by querying some API, but by actually measuring the performance)?  Were they able to tell that the "supercomputer" was not rented time in some cloud service?
Sorry to be skeptical, but when you are investigating a possible scam, you must assume that the suspected scammer will lie and cheat *everywhere* it would be necessary to dupe the intended mark.  You must think: "if I was cheating the ATO to the tune of 50 M$, by claiming to have invested 100 M$ in a non-existing supercomputer, what could I do to prevent them from even suspecting that the computer may not exist?"
So I am still waiting for some *independent* testimonial or evidence, that Craig could not have forged or bribed, proving that his supercomputer really exists and has those 160,000 cores.
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:17:52
AFAIK you can issue a transaction B that spends one output of a transaction A even before A has been confirmed.  That is because unspent outputs are identified by the ID of the transaction that creates them, rather than by block number.  Thus a miner can even include A and B in the same block, as long as he puts them in the proper order.
@_date: 2015-06-26 00:48:59
I guess you are right, "to avoid paper loss" is not a convincing explanation for the high ask prices.  
It may be the other explanation then.  The idea of BIT was to let people buy bitcoins in a sanitary bubble-pack that was safe to handle, could be bought with IRA money, could be used to reduce taxes, etc.  So, presumably, those investors are not tempted to exchange the BIT shares for raw bitcoins, in spite of the potential 30% BTC gain.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:17:52
According to Google translate, the news of a "change of stance" came from "a source close to the Central Bank".   
I wonder *how* close. 50 meters? 100 meters?
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:35:33
The "right" fee will vary minute by minute, 24/7, and will depend on what the other clients and miners **will** do next (not what they just did), and will change while the clients and miners are trying to figure it out.  The right minimum fee cannot be set even by algorithm; much less by hand, as you seem to be assuming.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:23:22
Why is "anti" uncharitable? It is meant to be just descriptive...
I don't see how one could increase the block size limit without a hard fork.  No matter how you do it, an increase means that some blocks that are invalid for the old software are valid for the new one.  Isn't that the condition that implies a hard fork?
What I get from Adam Back's posts is that Blockstream is in favor of increasing the system's capacity, but not of the bitcoin network proper; rather their idea was that most of the traffic would migrate to the overlay infrastructure that they are trying to design: sidechains and the Lightning Network.  Which is a much riskier plan than a mere hard fork, since neither of those things have been shown to be viable, not even in theory.
Their claim that the "fee market" will solve the congestion problem ignores the fact that the current transaction fee policy is broken.  There will not be a "free market" at all, because the clients have no control over which miner will mine the next block, no way to guess how much fee will be enough, and no guarantee of service, no matter how much they pay.   It will be just chaos, and drive users away -- even those who could afford reasonable fees.  Mike Hearn clearly described these problems in his "crash landing" post, which the Blockstream guys did not answer, AFAIK.
@_date: 2015-06-26 00:41:43
Well, then we are two.  Could you please explain what you meant by "*It's a msg board. You don't have the 'right' to jack shit*"?  I thought that you meant that I don't have the right to use "butter" on @_date: 2015-06-18 00:44:42
Was it necessary? 8-)  (Hm, I suppose it was...)
@_date: 2015-06-26 12:31:06
From bitcointalk.org:
[**Neo &amp; Bee talk (spam free thread)**](
[**NEO and BEE talk (unmoderated)**](
The first one was moderated by Danny Brewster; many critical posts were deleted and it was locked by him shortly before or after he ran away.  The second one has most of the post-mortem debates and news.  
Enjoy... 8D
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:45:18
You are a newbie over there.  Please respect your elders. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:40:19
There is little risk of a split. A few weeks before the scheduled fork, the minority side will eventually realize that it cannot grow to majority, and then they would switch sides.
A side that has a majority of the hashpower can even collude to jam the blockchain of the minority side.  One could argue that such sabotage would be the only fair dispute resolution method for bitcoin, since bitcoin's basic axiom is that the majority of the hashpower is "right" almost by definition. 
If the intention to sabotage is announced and is credible, almost everybody will switch to the majority version before the fork happens.  Then the fork will be uneventful.  
At most, if the majority is on the side of a modified protocol, there may be fear of some bug coming up,and then a temporary drop in price.  If there is no bug, the price should soon recover.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:25:23
Because that rule is built into the old version, as part of its 'consensus rules'.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:23:54
But if they can wire the EUR to Coinbase, they could open a bank account outside Greece and deposit them there, no?
@_date: 2015-06-22 13:39:17


Glad that he did not write "a free market", because it is anything but.  In a free market the consumers know beforehand what each supplier charges and delivers, and can freely choose the supplier.  Neither will be true in bitcoin's "fee market".


Except that (1) the wallet will have no way to compute those estimates, since they also depend on what other desperate clients will do to push their payments to the front of the queue; and (2) once the traffic gets close to capacity, the queues will become increasingly unstable, so the delay would become unpredictable even ignoring the other clietns; and (3) once a backlog develops, the expected delay becomes ~1 block if the fee is above some threshold, or infinite below it; where the threshold is continuously varying as other clients try to adjust their fees to get above it.  While the RBF policies allow clients to jump the queue, they make them more unpredictable.
Mike Hearn explained in detail why the "fee market" will not work, in his [crash landing blogpost](  Unlike the vague assurances of the small-blockians, his analysis is based on well-known results of queue theory (which are easy to understand once they are pointed out.  As far as I know, there has been no rebuttal to that analysis.
@_date: 2015-06-18 05:29:19
Seems some people are getting ridiculously hysterical about the issue.  
On the other hand, Mike Hearn proposes, with a straight face, that if the "economic majority" (read: the powerless players) does not like that the miner majority is doing, they can change the code so as to ignore the longer chain.   Wow.
@_date: 2015-12-22 10:40:12
The database of trades has been leaked, but (according to the Japanese police) has been adulterated in unknown ways.  
To start the investigation, one would need a reliable copy of the trade database, and the complete record of BTC withdrawals over the last years, listing the MtGOX account number and the destination adresses on the blockchain.  One would also need to know the addresses of MtGOX's hot and cold wallets, since the coins may have been stolen from there.   I don't know whether this information is available.  
From what I understood and recall, the Willy robot operated one "master" account and a series of "slave" accounts, that were activated one at a time.  While each slave was active, it made a series of small purchases at the current market price, at short regular intervals.   Presumably the slave's dollar account was fake, so the clients who sold their coins to Willy were paid with dollars that did not exist.  
Eventually the coins would be transferred from the slave account to the master account in a single transaction, and the slave retired while the next slave started to operate.  That transfer was recorded in the database as a trade, but always at the same total USD price, no matter how many BTC were transferred or the current market price.  Because of that detail, those transactions stood out cleary among the trades recorded in the database.  Presumably, the coins were then withdrawn from the master account, to addresses unknown.
The slave-master arrangement was perhaps intended to make the operation less obvious to anyone who looked at the trade database.  
@_date: 2015-06-05 14:10:34


There is nothing sensationalistic about the numbers.  The miners are supported by the block rewards, that amount to 3600 BTC/day.  Assuming a mean price of 500 $/BTC in 2015, that is 1.8 million dollars a day, or ~650 million dollars per year.  That is basically the sweat money what the people who bought bitcoin in 2014 gave to the miners in that year alone.  
On top of that, there is the profit of all earlier adopters who cashed out in that period.  We have no way of knowing how much that amount was; but assuming that they sold ~1000 BTC per day, on average, we get ~360'000 BTC (which is only half of what was stolen at MtGOX), worth about 200 million dollars.  
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:26:21
Well, he wrote "I am not Dorian Nakamoto" not long ago.  But of course could have been a relative ortrsted colleague, or a hacker...
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:26:24
The stress was rather modest, but had a significant impact.  From [this plot](
Estimated network capacity:  85 kB/min
Typical input tx rate before test: 30--50 kB/min
Typical queue size before test: 300--600 kB
Peak input tx rate during test: 126 kB/min (~3x normal, ~50% over capacity)
Peak queue sizes during peak test: 12 MB (14:00), 14 MB (21:30)
Sustained input tx rate for several hours after peak: 70-100 kB/min
The test showed that even a small player can create a large backlog with modest expense.
It showed clearly the instability of the queue size when the input rate is near the capacity.  That is, even a small increase in that rate can create a huge backlog.  Between 18:00 and 21:30, when the input rate increased from ~75 kB/min to ~112 kB/min (a 50% increase), the queue grew from ~3 MB to ~14 MB (a 370% increase).
The previous stress test (on a late friday night) used only free transactions, so the fee-paying transactions were delayed only slightly.  This one used fee-paying transactions: it will be interesting to see how it affected the ordinary fee-paying transactions.
Methinks that the test was necessary for people to pay attention to the problem.  
However, it is likely that both sides of the block size debate will claim that the test supported their position... 8-/
@_date: 2015-12-09 17:00:32
I don't think it is just for attention.  He may have tried to con someone in 2013 or so, by pretending to be Satoshi hence a crypto-computing supergenius and/or owner of a huge stash of bitcoins..  Or he may have done that at an earlier date, and then planted that evidence when the other party became suspicious.  
@_date: 2015-12-22 23:26:31
If you lock your coins with this tool, you wil not be able to unlock them before the deadline even if your life depends on it.  RIght?
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:27:49
"Fungibility" does not mean that.  It only means that there are no *intrinsic* difference of value between units of the currency -- no "grade A" and "grade B" coins, "fresh" or "stale", "prioritary" and "secondary", "light" and "heavy", etc.  Gold and dollars are fungible; oil, apples, sliced bread, stocks, real estate are not.  Bitcoins are almost perfectly fungible (there is only a slight difference between old and new UTXOs in the priority criteria, and between freshly mined coins and older coins).
Fungibility is not affected by external taints, such as "drug money", "stolen money",  "bribe", etc.  Those are not attached to the coins but to how the current possessor got them.  If someone steals "clean" bitcoins they become "stolen money", but if the coins are returned to the owner or seized by the police they become "clean" again.  If the thief exchanges them for other coins, without the exchanger being aware of their origin, the stolen coins become clean and the new coins become "stolen money" instead.  And so on.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:20:06
1 MB is the "hard" size limit:  any block larger than 1 MB is invalid under the current protocol.  
750 kB is the *default* "soft" size limit: Each miner can set this parameter to any number less than 1 MB; it is the maximum size of the blocks that the miner will try to generate.  If the miner does not set it explicitly, the standard implementation assumes 750 kB.  
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:56:51
Please tell that to all the posters who keep assuming that trnsactions will be executed both in the 1 MB and in the 20 MB fork, if they use only pre-fork UTXOs as inputs.
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:34:52
Neo &amp; Bee even got a chance to present their case at the Cypriot parliament. Danny did not go, he sent one of his staff instead.  I think he gave the presentation in English, not sure.  But that was at the very end of the saga. Shortly thereafter the Central Bank denied Neo's application to function as a bank.
Danny did not speak Greek, and had moved to Cyprus from the UK only a short while before starting Neo &amp; Bee.  According to hints posted in various forums, he had divorced in the UK, and his ex-wife (who got custody of their daughter) married someone connected to the UK military.  The three moved to a military base in Cyprus, in the buffer zone between the Greek and Turkish parts.  Danny went to Cyprus, ostensibly to be near his daughter, and lived for a while in a village near the base.  Then he got a Cypriot fiancée and moved to Nicosia, where he started Neo &amp; Bee with money from "profit-only shares" sold to bitcoiners through Havelock.
But there is more.  After he ran away, people googled around for his background  and business history in the UK (a homework that the investors should have done before investing).   They found that Danny had no background in finance, perhaps not even a college degree.  There are records of a couple of (computer?) security firms that he created but apparently did not prosper.  His last enterprise before moving to Cyprus was a large Music Festival to be held in a fairgrounds near Lincolnshire.  He sold tickets and collected fees from merchants who planned to open food stalls.  And that was it.  When the victims complained, he told them that the event was not organized by him, but by a company, and that he had sold the company to someone else with a bizarre name, so they should complain to him.  And nobody found that new owner, of course. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:57:21


OK. 


I understand the conceptual difference, especially for programmers, but I don't it as that important from the external point of view.  A hard fork would be a non-event if carried out properly, whereas making RBF the default policy *of the reference implementation* would be disastrous if it kills BitPay and forces the *sender* of a transaction to wait for its confirmation before disconnecting from the network. 
(By "carried out properly" I mean: so that the fork date is known by all players in avance, transactions are strictly segregated after the fork, everybody has minimally reliable knowledge about the consequences and current popularity of each choice, etc.. As the deadline looms closer, the community should switch en masse to the majority side, for self-interest. After the fork, if the minority chain is still limping along, the majority should actively kill it.)
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:31:34


Well said!


Well, I did mention that solution recently: people should see the splitting of the coin as a positive, "freemarketish" thing, rather than a supreme heresy.  
But I am the "master buttcoin troll" here, so I gues that doesn't count.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-20 22:38:16


One way lets clients to continue moving coins after the fork with the old sftware for a while, but occasionally screws their wallets in a way that maybe not even experts can fix.  The other way forces any laggard clients to upgrade after the fork, but should result in fewer losses and a simpler explanation of what happened. 
Of course the way to minimize the confusion is to convince as many players as possible to upgrade before the fork, especially miners; so that the old coins will not even move after the fork.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:10:30


The "incentives" argument only works when applied to miners as a whole.  One specific miner may have external incentives to sabotage the network.  For most kinds of attacks, the incentives will result in *a majority of other miners* deflecting the attack.  But in the "oversize block" attack, the block size will be such that the majority of the miners can handle and accept it, but smaller nodes and clients will not.
I do not know whether such an attack could disable a miner -- specifically,  the master computer of a mining farm or pool, which assembles blocks to be mined.  (I believe some miners use a Raspberry Pi for this purpose.) I suspect that this task does not require it to download full blocks created by others.  But, if they do have to download other blocks, then a rogue miner would have an incentive to mine an oversize block: it will knock out some competitors. 


That is the mex size of blocks that the miner will try to mine, and it must be less than the hard limit of 1 MB.  In the current protocol, any block larger than 1 MB is invalid by definition, and will be rejected by all players who respect the protocol.


But what is "too big"?  If each node has its own definition of "too big", it is still possible that the majority of the miners will accept and include in the blockchain a node that is too big for some nodes to handle.  Those nodes then will be permanently unable to process the blockchain.
Even if all nodes think that a block is "not too big", the block may be too big for clients who need to read the blockchain in order to sync their wallets. 


A 1 MB block size limit does not limit the number of outputs of a payment; clients only need to break the list of recipients in to several chained transactions each fitting in one 1 MB block (or 750 kB, to be considered by most miners),
A 1 MB block only limits the number of trasnctions per second because all transactions are serialized through one logical "gate" (the blockchain) and the block rate is intentionally limited to 1 block every 10 minutes.  Making block size unlimited in order to get around these design limitations is a hack that will create more problems than it solves.  Instead one should be working to increase the mean block rate, and reorganize the blockchain so that each player only needs to dowload a small part of it.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:37:38
Or PayPal, Visa  ...
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:45:51


Yes, so?


That shows why the bitcoin "fee market" is absurd.  
MdDonalds does not have open prices, higher-paying-first policy, much less replace-by-higher-price.  They have a fixed price for all hours and conditions, first-come-first-served policy.  If the restaurant is too full, clients have the option to eat lunch elsewhere.  McDonalds tries to have enough cash registers to ensure fast service even at peak hours, and puts more staff to work (instead of raising prices) at peak hours.  If the long-term average demand starts getting too high or too low, *then* they adjust the price, as **in**frequently as they can. Note: *they* do the forecasts and simulations, not the clients.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:43:50


My point is that soft/hard is not a choice that the proponents have.  Raising the block size limit *will* be necessarily a hard fork, because the old miners will not accept the new branch as valid, while the new miners (if they have a majority of the hashpower) will.  
The choice is between trying to do a hard fork to raise the limit (and then there are many ways to execute it), or keeping the 1 MB limit unchanged.
And the top Chinese miners, who have &gt;60% of the hashpower, just met and officially stated their support an increase to 8 MB...
@_date: 2015-06-04 22:34:53
Excuses accepted and no ill feelings intended; that is a common accident in forum debates...
You asked for replies to your points.  Some of them are based on a belief system that has forked so long ago from mine that is is no use debating them.  For example


And indeed, gold's intrinsic value (for industry, but also for decoration and jewelry) is much less than its current price.  I have read claims of 200 $/oz; I have no idea whether they are accurate, but just by looking at the price charts one can tell that 1200 $/oz must be 80% speculation at least.   It clearly got that way because of an intense campaign of FUD by the sellers of gold and gold funds, like Mak Keyser and Zerohedge, who convinced millions that gold would be the only safe investment given the imminent collapse of the dollar and of the stock market.  But it is now a terrible investment, because its price is floating high on the air, held only by its bootstraps, and may easily crash back to its fundamental floor.
Bitcoin is like gold, only worse because its floor -- due to demand for use a currncy -- is somewhere below 10 $/BTC.  The current price is 95% speculation; like gold, it is held by its bootstraps -- by the belief that the price will be higher in the future. But that higher price too will eb justified only by the expectation of even higher prices in the future, and so on.  If one tries to write down what the price should be in the future to justify today's 225 $/BTC, one concludes that one day it would have to be greater than all the wealth in the world; and it woud still need to keep growing, because if the price were to ever stabilize, everyone would divest and the price woudl crash.  


Part of the marketing campaign for gold seems to have been the spreading of the "axiom" that "sound money" must be deflationary and a good long-term store of value. Well, that is one of those "ancient forks" that I was referring to.  Smart people figured out centuries ago that a good currency cannot be a good store of value; it must be slightly inflationary to work. If the currency is expected to increase its value with time, people will hoard it and use some other (inflationary) currency for payment.  Then the price of the hoarded thing will become inflated by speculation, prompting even more extreme hoarding.  Speculatiev prices are inherently volatile, so the thing will become inadequate for commerce.  But then its fundamental floor price will drop even further.
And we have seen all this happen with bitcoin.  It will go into books as the perfect example of what happens to a "deflationary currency".  While it tries to be both a means of payment and a store of value, it fails at both.  As someone quipped, "Bitcoin is the tool that the Devil invented to teach Economy to the nerds."
I can easily understand that misconception, because, as a nerd, until two years ago I too believed that inflation was bad, and how nice would it be if money did not lose value.  Well, that is one of the many things that I learned by following the "bitcon incident".
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:15:52


Well, I hope that this view prevails.  It was getting really boring.
@_date: 2015-06-20 22:11:07
Neo &amp; Bee spent much of its capital on newspaper and TV ads, telling Cypriots that bitcoin would protect their money from another bank cut.  Luckily Neo did not get a license to operate, so when Danny did his exit move he could only take a few thousand euros from a couple of Cypriots that he had promised to sell bitcoins to.  Leaving behind employees without salary and a pile of unpaid bills.
So, I doubt that Cypriots would be much interested in bitcoin for a while.
And that was in the Southern half of the island, that is Greek-speaking and has very close ties to Greece.  So the Greeks can easily read explanations in the Cypriot newspapers, about 14 months ago, of how well bitcoin saved the Cypriots' money.
@_date: 2015-06-28 07:15:52


Wow, fantastic!  Then you only need to get rid of that tx every 6 months and we can turn off those wasteful miners.
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:56:12
That picture was taken by the reddit automatic image grabber from another unrelated post by another bitcointalk user.  It has nothing to do with my post above.
@_date: 2015-12-20 11:10:26
Jimmy could lose half his salary by playing roulette in Las Vegas, instead of by investing in bitcoin.  Wouldn't that be the same thing, for tax purposes?  
@_date: 2015-12-10 10:10:31
 Those are the coins that are *known* to belong to Satoshi.  He may have mined additional ones at a later date.
@_date: 2015-12-11 04:58:11
Give Satoshi the utxos that are Satoshi's. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:25:45


What is commonly called a "soft fork": a change in the 'consensus rules' that is deployed without alerting all players and forcing them to upgrade their software. 
The "Fork of July" happened because the BIP66 change was triggered to become active *immediately* as soon as 95% of the haspower indicated that they had upgraded -- that is, while 5% of the hashpower was almost *guaranteed* to be running the old version, no matter how promptly everybody upgraded. *That* is why BTCNuggets solved an invalid block.  And also because the devs were unaware of how mining *actually* worked.  
The devs should have programmed a grace period after the 95% vote was reached, and then issue an alert to all players "BIP66 will be activated in N weeks, you must upgrade before then or any blocks that you mine will be rejected".  Then the remaining 5%, including BTCNuggets, whould have upgraded, and the two Fork of July reorgs would not have happened. 
Why didn't the devs do it this way?  My best explanation has to do with the classical hacker personality and/or a misguided notion of how to preserve bitcoin's public image.  But that is not important.
Bitcoin cannot depend on miners being good citizens and acting so as to preserve its long-term value.  Even because the miners can remain anonymous, or even impersonate other miners when issuing "toxic" blocks.  And, by a necessary consequence of the original goal, there is no way to force the miners to fill their blocks, or download and verify their parents.  They are free to do whatever they think will maximize their profit.
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:19:43
In 2011 the units of bitcoin were not yet called "satoshis", were they?
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:40:12
Thanks! (I see dates from 2011-08.)
@_date: 2015-06-08 14:54:27
Of course not.  Just because you see battalions and tank divisions gathering just across the border, if does not mean that your country is under attack, no.
@_date: 2015-06-25 04:30:08
Thanks! However, having tried to read their whitepaper, I am afraid that I will neither profit nor contribute much from a discussion of the mechanisms.  I am very interested in how ordinary clients will understand it, and its statistics. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:39:34
The problem is that when a client (running either version of the software) issues a transaction request, there is a chance that it wil be executed in one branch but not in the other, by malice or by accident, *without the client's knowledge or control*.  This will be even more likely with RBF rule.  Then the data in the client's wallet (and his own idea of where his coins are) may become inconsistent with the state of the client's coins in *both* branches.  When he upgrades, the coins will be neither where they were before the fork, nor where he sent them after the fork, but in a random mix of the two.
Making the trasactions and wallets mutualy incompatible would eliminate this confusion.  The coins would always move in only *one* of the two branches, depending on which version of the software the client is using.  The move will be recorded in the appropriate version of his wallet file.   When he finally upgrades, *all* the coins will be where they were before the fork.  
While this second solution makes the splitting of the coin more explicit, it makes the response of the network to client requests more predictable and less confusing.  
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:20:57
No. 
That is the total amount of BTC in all transactions that were processed that day.  The same bitcoins can be moved many times per day, and many bitcoins are moved infrequently.  
User has some analyses of how often coins move, how many coins have not moved in X months, etc.
Bitcoins deposited in exchanges usually do not move on the blockchain until they are withdrawn (except for hotwallet/coldwallet flow), even if they are traded many times within the exchange.
The bitcoins that are backing the Swedish ETN "XBT Tracker One"  may not be moving, even though notes that represent 19'000 BTC have been traded on NASDAQ-SE in the last three weeks.
@_date: 2015-12-10 16:19:59
The Wright &amp; Zia paper is marginal in style, poor in substance.
It is more useful to compare Satoshi's whitepaper with [a paper by Wright as the only author](  Even a quick glance should suffice to show that Craig couldn't possibly have written the whitepaper.
I don't think Nick Szabo did it either.  Nick's style seems to be rather verbose, heavy with political opinion, framed in libertarian(?) discourse.  Satoshi's was laconic and strictly technical. In fact (contrary to the widely held belief) I don't think that he was libertarian or anarchist.
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:19:53


That is not what I said.  The scientist gets convinced, by shaky reasoning and without solid evidence, that there is a high probablility that elephants will fall on their feet.  Convinced enough to actually go to the trouble of running the crazy experiment, hoping that it will confirm his conviction; perhaps (but not necessarily) also to produce evidence that he can use to convince others.
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:53:57
This sounds funny, but is in fact how progress is often done in research.  
In theory, according to the Scientific Method, you ar supposed to pick an open question ("Do elephants always land on their feet unscathed, like cats, when dropped from a two-story building?") without assuming anything about the answer, and then carry out an experiment designed to answer that question.  
In reality, you will only be willing to invest time and resources in such an experiment if you are almost certain that the answer will make it worthwhile. ("Yes, they do!")
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:18:08
Right now, in order to sustain the price, new investors (people who are buying bitcoins to increase their holdings) must put X = ~800'000 USD into the system, every day, to pay the miners.  
Add to that an unknown amount Y, probably several hundred thousand USD per day, for the divestors (people who are reducing their holdings by selling or spending bitcoins).  Let's say that Y = 400'000 USD/day, for example.
The only way those new investors will recover their money at some future time is if the new investors at that time will put more than X + Y + Z into the system, every day; where Z is the price of bitcoin at that time, multiplied by the block reward in BTC/day.   If today's investors expect to recover their money 4 years from now (say), on average, and the price then will be 1000 USD/BTC, then Z will be 1.8 million USD/day, and the new investors must provide 3 M USD/day to the system.  There is no other input of wealth (whether fiat, goods and services) into the system.
And so on: the only way that those future investors will recover *their* money is if new investors at some even more remote future (say, 8 years from now) will be putting more than X + Y + Z + W dollars per day; if the price by then is 2000 USD/BTC, then W will be 1.8 M USD/day still, and X + Y + Z + W = 5.8 M USD/day.
So, in order to sustain even a recovery of the Nov/2013 ATH and a modest increase in price of 2x every 4 years, and to allow investors to recover their money without any profit, new investors will have to pour ever increasing amounts of money into the system.  If the price is to grow any faster than that, or if the investors are to recover their money with reasonable profit, the input must grow exponentially.  
The price is falling because it is becoming harder and harder to find such generous contributors to the cause.  The Chinese amateur commodity traders, who adopted bitcoin en masse in 2013, were the last major pool of new investors to enter the system with money to spare.  India, Africa, and Latin America do not seem to have enough money.  The IRA accounts in the US, which could be tapped by the COIN fund, is the pool of new investors that some bitcoiners seem to be hoping for now.  Will they do it?
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:48:44
The new chain can fix the difficulty adjustment method so that it keeps 10-minute block period during the transition, no matter how much hashpower they have.  The old side, by defintion, obviously cannot change it.
Suppose the majority side has 80% of the hashpower.  Each mining farm on that side can put 1/4 of their power to the task of jamming the minority chain, by minin empty blocks there and orphaning all blocks of "honest" miners. The majority side will then collect all the rewards on the majority chain and all the rewards on the minority chain too.  Miners on the minority side will starve, and will have to switch to the majority side if they want to keep making money.  Once they have switched, their interest is to help kill the old chain so that all the value will stay on their side.
@_date: 2015-06-20 20:38:13


Please explain how the minority can "softfork to exclude the cartel".  


Did you read my explanation of how the cartel would do it?  The majority would jam the minority chain by mining according to the *minority* consensus, whatever it is.
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:17:54
No, people think that it is a ponzi scheme because it promises fabulous profits without generating any wealth itself.  Anyone with half a brain can see that the only way one can profit from investing in bitcoins is by selling them to a new investor.
That is, the payoff and profit of earlier investors comes *entirely* from the money put down by later investors. In common parlance, that is the defining attribute of a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2015-06-26 06:26:43
There was one when the blockchain had to be "rewound" by ~70 blocks in 2013, to fix the database bug.  When the transactions were replayed, someone sneaked in a large double spend against OKPay. 
I read also that GHash.io, before they got to &gt;51%, tried to hit a double-spend against some gambling site.
There seem to be many *apparent* attempts at double-spend all the time, although they may be accidental or non-harmful (e.g. A-&gt;B and A-&gt;C where addresses B and C, and perhaps also A, belong to the same person).   
@_date: 2015-06-17 15:40:49


Well, I believe that the typical bitcoin holder keeps it only because he believes that it is deflationary.  He may believe that its value derived from its potential use as currency; but he would not keep it if it was useful but inflationary, and would keep it if was deflationary but useless.
@_date: 2015-06-29 11:55:09


@_date: 2015-06-21 20:15:57
As far as I could understand, the payment channels to be used in the Lightning Network would require you to lock up in advance (on the bitcoin blockchain) some amount X of bitcoins for each channel.  
Then you can send many payments through that channel without using the blockchain (say, by e-mail or HTTP), up to a total of X bitcoins.  
A final blockchain transaction would be needed for the other party to collect the total amount P and return the change X - P; or to release the full amount X back to you, after a preset timeout,  if the receiver fails to collect before that. 
So, unless there is some trick that I missed, a payment channel is worth using only if one expects to make three or more payments through it within some period; and one must lock up enough funds to cover all those expected payments, possibly for the whole time period; and the receiver cannot collect any payment until closing the channel (which he may do when the sender tells him that he is done, or just before the timeout, or at any earlier time that he feels like). 
If that understanding is correct, the Lightning Network would be useless for unpredictable or one-time payments, or even for largish regular payments spread out over days or months (rent, groceries, gasoline, air tickets).  It may be useful for micropayments of streamed erotic video, or videogames. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 12:44:30


I have seen many reports of merchants who are persuaded to "accept bitcoin" only to see zero purchases per month.  I have yet to see one report of an established merchant who actually saw significant sales in bitcoin. 
Telling lies to merchants can only strenghten bitcoins public image.  Just keep doing that, guys. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:48:49
What is being proposed is actually to raise the size limit only after some number of blocks (say, 5000) have elapsed since the 800-in-1000 event has been detected in the blockchain.  Then most everybody in the minority will have time to upgrade (~30 days, in that case).
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:40:01
~~I believe that the new version of the software will be programmed to raise the limit to 20 MB just after a specific block is issued, which will occur in late 2016.~~  
~~The switch will not (and cannot) be conditional to external evens such as "80% have upgraded"  The 80% adoption is a hope, not a condition.~~
EDIT: Seems that I had an old plan?
@_date: 2015-06-24 12:20:50
I mean, their *current* disagreement, if any.  (I read both BIPS,  yes.)
@_date: 2015-06-27 03:05:52


But if I die tomorrow... ?
Sorry, I still don't see the usefulness.  In fact, I still don't see why one would want to give *supreme* control of anything to a machine...
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:28:06
I am not Mike. I just think that he and Gavin understand bitcoin (and software project management) better than the current core developers.
@_date: 2015-06-30 12:56:59


No, I was referring to his "crash landing" post, where he describes what will happen as the traffic approaches the network capacity and why the "fee market"  will not work.
@_date: 2015-06-14 14:15:21


We do not know whether bitcoin is growing.  The value is dropping. The number of users is unknown, but does not seem to be growing. Usage idem. (About 90% of the traffic on the blockchain seems to be "spam", not real usage.)
But, anyway, most users do not understand how secure is the network, and do not seem to care.   
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:37:11
I read the comments.  They did *not* just say "go to hell".
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:51:55


Sigh. I don't know how to explain this more clearly.  A rogue miner with 1% hashpower will be able to include a toxic block -- totally valid and with the puzzle solved, but with a properly chosen large size -- in the blockchain within 20 hours of starting the attack.  That toxic block needs to be small enough to get through *some* of the nodes, but too large for some of them.  Then the more powerful nodes will consider that to be block N at the end of the blockchain; while the less powerful nodes, unable to validate that block, will either drop out, or get permanently stuck with the view that the blockchain ends at block N-1.  The other miners will then try to extend the blockchain from block N (the toxic block) to block N+1 and beyond.  
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:42:36


Sigh, it is impossible to make someone understand something if his revenue depends on him NOT understanding it... 
If the halving is not postponed, and the price does not change (as it did not in the previous halving), *every* miner will see his revenue immediately cut in half.  If the price were to stay at 250 for the next 2 years, they would lose, all together, some 30 million dollars of revenue. The top 4 Chinese pools would lose 18 million dollars.
Those top 4 Chinese miners CAN force the halving to be postponed, if they decide to do so.  Will they want to do it?  If they believe that the price will, at worst, fall only 30%, then it will still be worth doing.  And if they convince themselves of that, the other miners will likely think so too; why would the other miners think differently, if they have have the same infomation?
So, what is the chance that the price will only drop 30%, or less, if the Chinese miners were to postpone the halving? It depends on how the holders will react.  Once the Chinese decide to do it, all miners will try to convince everybody that the change is actually good for bitcoin, "because a halving now would mean collapse of the mining network" etc.
Would the typical holder then dump everything immediately for pennies and lose all his investment, on a matter of principle? Or would he rather keep holding, hoping that the price will not suffer, pretending that the the change is not significant, even "good for bitcoin"?  
Would Coinbase and Xapo and Gemini and Blockstream and all the other bitcoin companies scream "crime", shut down, and file for bankruptcy; or will they rather try to save their businesses by telling their clients that the change is harmless, actually "good for bitoin"?
You apparently believe that all the holders and companies will rather commit finacial suicide than accept the change.  I bet that few will do it.
When GHash got 51% of the hashpower, every "fundamentalist" should have dumped everything and given up on bitcoin, because the basic assumption of the bitcoin protocol had just proven to be false.  Instead, most of them kept holding, and rationalized their decision by pretending to believe that GHash had shrunk back to less than 50% so the problem was solved, and/or pretending to believe the fable "power lies with the economic majority", and/or pretending to believe that a majority miner or cartel would never use their power because it would crash the price and "be against their interests".
Sooner or later the top Chinese miners will use their power, to improve their revenue or for other reasons. I am pretty sure that the "fundamentalists" will react the same way as they did on that occasion...
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:41:09
My math was wrong, see comment above
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:34:33


Holders yes, but I wrote "users" (i.e. people who buy ro earn bitcoins only to spend immediately) and "traders" (those who buy and sell several times per week, or even per minute, with robots).
The users do not care if the price is 1000 or 0.01 $/BTC, and what will be the price next year; they only care that the other party will accept them for about the same price that they just paid.   
The traders only want the price to remain volatile in relative terms.  They may retreat to dollars or yuan just before the fork, but will return to their preferred positions just after it, and thus the price will probably bounce back.  
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:54:17


Actually I *do* think that it should have a cap of 21 M, and I was surprised at seeing that few if any bitcoiners understand why Satoshi picked that number.


You didn't understand.  Bitcoin transactions *cannot* be reversible, and that is one of several reasons why people are not adopting bitcoin.  A few more brilliant inventions are needed to fix that and other flaws.


"Anonymous" means that the acocunts are not nominal.  You have my permission to use the word in any other whacky sense you like. 
BTW, you may be confusing me with Bill Gates.  Those are the reasons he gave for why the Gates Foundation is not going to use bitcoin to help the poor unbanked.  But what does that geezer know... 
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:43:06
I read that image as "calling all rioters, hooligans, and vandals: time to use bitcoin to destroy Greece"
@_date: 2015-06-04 18:04:16
He is criticizing because whenever he looks hard at the numbers and tries to get real data, he finds that what the Antonopouloses and Winklevosses and Andreeessens say is mostly wishful thnking and/or snake oil salesmanship.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:33:46
That is taking us into dangerous territory. 8D  Do you know the black raven paradox (by Smullyan, IIRC)?
The hypothesis "all ravens are black"  is logically equivalent to "any thing that is not black is not a raven".  So, logically, proving or disproving one should be the same as proving or disproving the other, right?  
However, according to the usual scientific mindset, to "prove" the first you should go to several places in the ravens' habitat, observe a reasonably large number of ravens in each place, and check that they are all black.  Each additional raven that you observe that is black is additional evidence that strengthens that hypothesis.
On the other hand, to "prove" the second hypothesis, you can just go to several places where non-black things can be found, observe a large enough set of non-black things, and check that they are not ravens.  Each additional non-back thing that you see that is not a raven is evidence that reinforces the second hyothesis. 
But, since the two hypotheses are logically equivalent, the second method also "proves"  that all ravens are black...
@_date: 2015-06-12 20:25:05
Ever heard of "swap hell"?
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:34:16
The NSA does not need mining power.  They know a shortcut that easily solves the block puzzle that Agent Satoshi chose for proof-of-work.  They can modify or delete any transaction from the blockchain and recompute all hashes since then, with the proper difficulty, in less than 15 minutes on a laptop.  
I heard it from a source close to the government (*how* close, I cannot reveal).
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:55:43


Hint: the "other devs" work for a company called Blockstream.  Blockstream is developing a superstructure for bitcoin called the Lightning Network (LN) where most transactions are supposed to be executed without being entered into the blockchain.  The solution to the scalability problem that Blockstream favors is to take most person-to-person bitcoin traffic off the blockchain, and drive most bitcoin users to the LN (which will not work unless most bitcoin users are LN users).  Then the blockchain would be used only by settlements among the hubs of the LN.
Therefore, Blockstream is anxious to see the bitcoin network get saturated.  That would force a steep increase in the transaction fees, to the point that  direct p2p use of the blockchain would become too expensive for most users, and only high-value transaction (like the hub-to-hub settlements of the LN) could afford to use it.
With 1 MB blocks, congestion would probably happen within a couple of years.  If the blocks are increased to 8 MB, congestion will be pushed several years further away in the future.  That is the big "drawback" of raising the limit to 8 MB.
@_date: 2015-06-04 19:45:22
Because claims like "Microsoft accepts bitcoin" are used to mislead unwary people, getting them to believe that Microsoft likes bitcoin, wants to get bitcoin, holds bitcoin, and thinks bitcoins are great.  The bitcoin "salesman" knows that is not true, and knows tha the listeners will misunderstand it, and knows that they will believe what the salesman wants them to believe.  But that is his purpose: to convince them to buy bitcoin, so as to boost its price, so that the salesman can make a profit.
Bitcoin was conceived as a honest technical experiment to see whether the new ideas in the protocol did work in practice as they seemed to work in theory.  Unfortunately, it first became a tool of convenience for drug dealers and other criminals; then, when the price started to climb, it was appropriated by get-rich-quick types and became a huge ponzi scheme, where the profit of earlier investors comes entirely from the money provided by the new investors.  
The world does not need another ponzi, thank you.  I could respect and admire bitcoin it it went back to what it was in 2009: an experiment run by a few thousand computer scientists and enthusiasts, with the price at 0.001 USD/BTC (meaning that only 15'000 USD would have been invested into it), with no illusions of great fortunes to be made by just holding some of it.  Unfortunately, whether it ends that way or in some other way, the net result of bitcoin will be to burn hundreds of millions of dollars of wealth into pointless computations, and to move hundreds of millions of dollars more from some pockets to other pockets...
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:40:46
Erm, I thought I saw some plots of yours about coin ages and such.  It probably was through posts by Tim Swanson; I am sure he included some of your plots of something.  I may have mixed up the plots and the authors...
EDIT: indeed, I see that he included plots by you of transaction volume and mining, but I cannot find one about coin ages.  Sorry...
@_date: 2015-06-29 05:51:09


One problem is that the hoped-for "fee market" that is supposed to develop when the network saturates will not be a regular market, not even a sealed-bid auction.  It will be a melee where no one will know how much they  should pay, nor whether what they offered will be enough to get service.  The RBF and CPFP policies will only make it worse, much worse.
The second problem is what will be the result of saturation.  For sure, many transactions that would be issued with bigger blocks will be suppressed if the blocks are bounded to 1 MB.  Whenever the tx rate gets above 360'000, even for an hour or so,  a backlog will form, and some transactions will be delayed for variable lengths of time.  If the policy was first-come-first-served, the delays would be spread more or less equally over all transactions, no matter what they pay.  With RBF and CPFP, the delay will be more unpredictable: even a transaction that arrives early and pays many times the minimum fee may be delayed until the backlog clears.  
Therefore, in the longer term the users will either give up on bitcoin, or restrict their activity, until the tx rate never goes above capacity (0.1 MB/min, ~350'000 tx/day) for more than a couple of block intervals, even during peak hours.  At that stage, during peak hours the mean tx rate may be (say) 80% of the capacity, and the daily average may be 200'000 tx or less.  Note that (1) **this will be the result independently of fee policies and client priorities**, just from the fact that any higher tx rate will render the network unusable; and (2) **there will be no fee market** -- because, without a backlog, the fees are irrelevant.  
Thus, it is naive to expect that the "fee market" will provide the 400'000 USD/day (2 USD/tx) of fees that miners will need to compensate for the next halving.  It is like a supermarket owner expecting to make more money by restricting the number of cash registers until the lines become really long, and then telling customers that they may jump the line by paying a surcharge.
Finally, there is the question of who will be the users in that steady state.  What sort of user is more likely to keep using bitcoin in spite of jams, unpredictable delays, and having to monitor the queues after issuing a transaction, in case it needs an RBF/CPFP?  Who is more likely to keep increasing the fees, while other users just give up?  He won't be the guy who likes bitcoin because it is fast, cheap, and frictionless.  Mostly he will be someone who *needs* to use bitcoin: a drug user, a ransomware victim, ...
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:35:23
Well, [it seems that they won't:](//
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:12:00
Everybody knows that Montevideo is right next to Buenos Aires, the capital of Brazil.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:52:55
If he is selling bitcoins regularly (which "making money selling bitcoins" implies), he will be seen as doing it as a business, so he probably needs one.
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:35:31
I doubt that the stress test has anything to do with the memory use of your software.  It should be stressing only the full relay nodes -- the nodes that receive transactions from clients, validate them, and serve them to miners
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:22:59
I would say what I said: there is no relation between the two problems. 
While here is some theory about the asymptotic complexity of infinite functions, there seems to be nothing in that theory that would be relevant the specific problem P vs NP either. 
So, research on both problems is stalled.  Some truly brilliant ideas will be needed to solve them, and there is no reason to expect that the solution of one will be useful for the other.
@_date: 2015-06-03 17:18:06


Real usage of a currency means giving or receiving that currency in exchange for goods and services.  Exchange of a currency by another is not "usage" (except for the exchanger's fees), it is overhead that may lead to acual usage.  Ditto for lending and borrowing the currency (excet for the interest).  Investment and speculative trading of the currency is not usage either (except for the trading and other fees), and neither is gambling in the currency (except for the house cuts).
Most traffic at the exchanges, especially the Chinese ones, is now done by "robots" (scripts) that exchange the same amount of coins and national currency back and forth dozens or hundreds of times per day.  So the daily trade volume at an exchange may be many times the sum of the balances of the clients who are actively trading.
Fact is: even though the blochchain is public, we do not have any reliable data on the bitcoin economy.  Except for BitPay, we do not know how much the payment processors and remittance services like Coinbase, Circle, Xapo, etc are moving.  We do not know how much bitcoin is being withdrawn and deposited at the exchanges.   We do not know how bitcoin holding and usage is distribued by country, and how usage is distributed by country of the buyer and of the merchant/service.  Except for Bitpay, we do not know what sorts of goods and services is bitoin being used for.  Even for Bitpay, the breakdown by category of goods and services is very coarse, and we do not know how the usage has varied month by month.
Instead of data, we see lots of pseudo-statistics -- like number of transactions, number of merchants that adopt Bitpay, number of web wallets, trading volume, VC investments -- that, when one looks closely, do not mean anything. 
This lack of data should scare serious investors away.   I bet that, with only a little effort, any finacial manager could find out how many cheese graters are sold in Peru, month by month.  For bitcoin, not even VC investors can obtain even the most basic data...
@_date: 2015-06-21 00:38:12
And there is something about a camel and a needle, and an incident with a Roman coin...
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:44:02
OK, but the point is that, if there is momentum for the block size increase, there must be a bigblock version of Bitcoin Core too, whether the devs like it or not.
The addresses should probably remain the same, since people post addresses, print them in paper wallets, etc. If thransaction requests are made to be incompatible, the version of software that one uses will determine which clone of the coins is being moved.
 
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:51:47
If the FBI, NSA, and CIA were smart, they would set up and run the best tumblers out there, while quietly blocking and/or squashing any truly independent ones.  Then they would gain a set of addresses enriched with respect to suspicious activity, and would not need to run complicated analysis heuristics to figure out which input went to which output. 
Fortunately, the guys in those agencies are a bunch of idiots who don't even know which side of a bitcoin is head and which is tails. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Before knowing about bitcoin, I used to think that anonimity was valuable, for things like whistleblowing and protection against fanatics of all sorts; and ought to be a constitutional right etc..  But one of several unexpected things that I learned since then is that the good uses of anonimity do not compensate the bad uses.  
For one thing, in order to remain anonymous one has to give up too many of one's freedoms.  One cannot effectively fight for one's convictions while anonymous, because goin into anonymity is basically running away from the battle and hiding.
Also, even if we assume that anonimity is OK when expressing one's opinions,  it does not follow that it should be OK when sending money.  Money is a voucher that enables one to take wealth from others; so it not a private thing, it is inherently a social thing.  Money has value because *society* thinks that it is valuable.  So why shouldn't Caesar know who is holding, sending, and receiving what is Caesar's, where 'Caesar' is that emperor with 7 billion heads?
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:28:47
It is a planned stress test.  They tried a week ago but their tools broke and had to call it off, after spending ~500 euros of the 5000 they had budgeted.
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:06:41
Clients lost money (twice) because of bugs in their software, which was clearly put for download without the necessary "quality inspection."  In the first incident, they were lucky that the bug was discovered by a white hat hacker a few hours after it was posted for download, and "only" a few hundred private keys were leaked.  In the second incident, they were lucky that the bug only hit Android users in relatively rare circumstances.
@_date: 2015-06-27 13:30:23
The *former* lead dev wants to preserve bitcoin as it is for a little longer, by increasing the block size.  The *new* devs appaently want to let bitcoin become unusable, so that everybody will be forced to use another payment system with big companies as intermediaries, high fees, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-28 21:12:09
Satoshi actually said that the 1MB limit could always be increased later, if needed -- with a hard fork, of course.
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:38:41
Because euros in cash are not at risk, only euros in the Greek banks are.  And only of people who have millions of euros in their accounts; who have better ways to save their euros than exchanging them for cryptopesos...
@_date: 2015-06-12 14:38:17
The hard cap is what all players will use to reject other miners' blocks.  The soft cap is what each miner will use when creating his own blocks.
For the first purpose, all players must have the same limit, otherwise the chain will split as soon as a block is posted that is OK for some miners but invalid for the others.  Chaos would then quickly ensue if the same UTXO is spent differently on each chain, by random accident or by a malicious miner.
For the second purpose, each miner must be free to choose his limit, as long as it is less than the hard limit.   It is in fact an irrelevant parameter that no one needs to know about. (A miner could choose to make all even blocks 750 kB and all odd blocks 250 kB, for example, and other players may not even notice.)
Section 100 proposes to replace both by a single limit.  If each miner can choose that limit (which seems to be the idea), then the chain would split, as above.  If a single consensus soft limit must be negotiated,  we are back to the status quo.
So, what did I miss?
@_date: 2015-06-30 21:46:24


The problem with bloated nodes is that they may cause *some* clients and/or nodes and/or miners to choke and crash.  (Miners are probably safe, because they don't need whole blocks, just their hashes.)  A rogue miner with 0.5% of the total hashpower could in 2 days mine a block with a precise size that would be accepted by 80% of the nodes but would crash 20% of the nodes and 30% of the clients (e.g. those using a specific wallet app).  That would be very bad for bitcoin, even though the network would continue working with the survivors.  That miner could then repeat the attack with a slightly larger block, again being accepted by 80% of the survivors but killing 20% of them.  (Note that, once a toxic block is accepted and included in the blockchain, it will prevent the killed nodes and clients from recovering, until they can be recompiled and/or moved to a bigger machine.)
For that reason, the max block size must be the same for all players, and well known in advance; so that each player can predict how much memory and bandwidth it will need, how big the input buffers should be, etc.
@_date: 2015-12-24 00:33:31
Yes.  It is very, very hard to believe that Mark was not aware of the heist (or fraud, embezzlement, whatever).  
The Japanese police seems to think so too, although they may not have hard evidence yet.
@_date: 2015-06-30 01:09:02
That is why I mean.  It would not make sense to try to hack reversibility into bitcoin.  Another Satoshi must come along and design a better system from scratch.
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:30:40
Yes, I am a prof of computer science.
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:53:22
It was a useful experiment.  While it caused inconvenience to many users, there is no law against it, and it used only allowed operations.  As such, it was no more wrong than tumbling, or spamming satoshis on random accounts for advertisement purposes.
Unfortunately, each side of the block size debate will claim that the outcome supports their thesis... 8-/
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:48:16
Changing the mining algorithm requires a hard fork too, and a drastic one indeed.  It will only work if the current ASIC-based mining equipment is unable to mine the new algorithm.  Then the cartel will have a coin with a  300 PH/s network, and the "fundamentalist rebels"  will have only a puny network of CPUs, like in 2009.  Which one will be recognized as "the" bitcoin network?  Which one a newbie bitcoiner will want to buy?
@_date: 2015-06-24 17:54:08


The description I read is that the payment channel work by adding a transaction in the blockchain that will send the 10 BTC back tou you after the timeout expires, and you send the other party (off the blockchain) one or more signed transactions, with increasing values, that he can use to get some of those BTC and send the rest back tou you.  You cannot close the channel before the timeout or before he cashes the last of those "checks", otherwise his check would bounce.


When the payment channel is used for a pay-per-minute service, like erotic video streaming, the timeout can be set to 30 minutes or 1 hour.  But the LN is meant to take most of the ordinary bitcoin payments, like paying for coffe, meals, taxi.  The LN will not help reduce the blockchain traffic unless each payment channel is used for 10-20 payments.  So the timeout must be several days or weeks. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:08:40


F2Pool can hardly be blamed, they probably did not understand the full implications of unsafe RBF. (They may have liked the idea of a "fee war" that RBF would aggarvate.)  Peter Todd knew the implications and always wanted them.


As others have pointed out, any node and any miner could implement RBF   on their own, since queue management policies do not affect the validity of the blockchain.  That freedom is arguably a flaw of the protocol.  
In theory, no one need to consult anyone else before changing free software that they maintain.  It should be the user's problem to make sure that the software he is running is good for his purposes; and the system should be resistant to damage by misbehaving players, as long as there is a key number of well-meaning nodes and a majority of the mining power is in the hands of well-meaning people.
In practice, maintainers of a widely used free software have a moral responsibility towards their users and society.  For bitcoin in particular, the core developers should not make changes to the core software that are likely to affect many users in a perceptible way -- independently of whether the change would lead to a hard fork, a soft fork, or no fork at all.  
For example, the formal validity of the chain would not be affected if the core version of the client software sent the private keys of some accounts to a central site, or if the core version of the node software just dropped every transaction whose hash ended with the bits '001'.  These changes would not affect the validity of chain blocks; but, even so, the core devs should seek consensus of the community before adding them to the core


Methinks you are assuming "consensus" has the first bullet meaning while everybody is using the word in the third meaning.  
(BTW, I don't think bitcoin is "the first distributed consensus system". It is just the first one with certain properties.)
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:47:21
I could love bitcoin if it was just a computer science experiment.  I have no love for the other things that people have turned bitcoin into; especially a currency for criminals, and an investment ponzi. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 03:12:32
Yes, and hopefully that altcoin will take off at the fork with all users, nodes, and miners of the old bitcoin, while the latter will die on the spot -- without anyone noticing anything, except the appearance of blocks bigger than 1 MB.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:42:58
I don't care if some rich guys invest in startups that don't have a sound basis. 
I **do** care about middle- and lowe-class people who are being told to "invest" their scarce money in what is actually a lottery with unknown prizes and unknown odds, based on claims about a "miraculous machine" that has many technical problems that even computer scientists have a hard time to understand. Those people are the "marks" whom the bitcoin peddlers hope to extract their profit from.  I consider it part of my job to understand bitcoin and warn them about the actual risks and expectations.
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:16:15
Storing the entire chain seems to be a minor problem.  The bottleneck seems to be size and speed of the UTXO database and communication with other nodes, miners, clients.  Not so much the average bandwidth, but enough bandwidth to quickly propagate newly mined blocks through all nodes.
@_date: 2015-06-27 10:34:08
As I undertsand it, each payment is done by the first party A sending a "signed check" to the receiver B.  The "check" is a multisig transaction signed by the sender A, that the receiver B can either sign and send to the bitcoin network (to close the channel and collect the payments already made), or hold until the client sends another "check" with a higher value.  Only one of the checks can be cashed, so B just keeps the highest-value one.  
The payment channel is set up with a blockchain transaction that creates a time-lock UTXO for X bitcoins, that can be collected by B when "cashing the check" (which gives P bitcoins to B and returns the balance X - P to A); or lets A recover the entire amount X, if B does not cash by the specified deadline.
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:01:39
The so-called "audits" proved nothing really.  They only gave users a false sense of security. Besides, an exchange could have full bitcoin reserves in the morning, and zero bitcoins just after lunch, with no one being able to explain how it happened.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:28:06


When was that?  So far, the conditions for it to exist have not existed, since the transaction rate has  always been well below the network's capacity.  (Even the recent stress tests were too unexpected and short-lived to get the market going.)


Has there been any contestation of Mike Hearn's "crash landing" blogpost?  
I had discussions with some bitcoiners who are impatient to see the "fee market" in action, and it seems that they only like the idea because they did not understand how it will (not) work.
The fee market will not solve the scalability problem of bitcoin.  Fact is, bitcoin is not a viable design for a widely used payment system.  What you mean is that saturation of the network will force its users to migrate to *another* system that *can* scale to PayPal size.  
Blockstream apparently had some ideas about this system but it seems that they don't work.  Even if they did, and had some advantage over Paypal, Visa, WU, etc. -- don't you feel that something os wrong with the claim "the only way to save bitcoin is to destroy it and build something completely different in its place"?
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:11:20
Could be the imminent Gemini opening (invitation-only at the moment).  
Or the meeting of the top Chinese mining pools (&gt;60% of the hashrate) where they officially endorsed a max block size increase to 8 MB.
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:21:49


That is often the case, but, like any "law" about human behavior, there are exceptions.
But the point is that standardization is not a "market".  (Most things aren't.)  There are no buyers and sellers, there is no item that gets traded and has a price.


That would be pointless.  The purpose of a maximum block size limit (like the maximum size limit for internet packets) is to make it possible for each player to ensure before hand that he has enough resources to play his role.  If the maximum block size is 1 MB, the admin of a site that needs to store 10000 blocks in memory knows that 20 GB of RAM will be more than enough.  If the maximum block size is 20 MB, he had better get 200 GB, or program a more complicated solution with disk swaps or multiple servers.  Now, what should he do if the maximum block size is computed from the traffic?
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:25:58
There are [practical programming and security reasons]( to have a well-defined maximum block size fixed in the protocol. (Just as the internet has a maximum packet size, cars have a maximum width, airlines have a maximum carry-on luggage size, etc.) 
@_date: 2015-06-23 11:48:58
OK.  However, as far as understood, the *hub* must lock up bitcoins for the channels to the merchants.  In that example, even if the hub can forecast exactly how much each merchant will receive, the hub would have to lock up 10'000'000 BTC (total now, not per merchant) in those channels.  Where are those coins coming from?
Perhaps there is a trick that allows the hub to reuse the coins that the customers locked up in the input channels.  However, since those coins cannot be used in the blockchain, the trick may have to require each merchant to trust the hub.
This is usually the point where the Blockstream devs stop answering my questions. 8-/
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:53:07
Even a single miner that controls a significant (but far from majority) fraction of the hashrate [can force an increase in the fees]( if the demand for speedy confirmations is right.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:02:29


That translation was read and signed by them.  Although some of them don't speak English well, I trust that they can understand written English well enough.  Bobby Lee from BTC-China has an MBA or something from Stanford, IIRC.
@_date: 2015-12-10 15:19:10
No, I still suspect that the supercomputer does not exist.  Note, no one seems to have seen it. Not even those students: they are promised only "remote access".
@_date: 2015-06-19 22:52:41
But I though that Nick said it should be increased later, when he put the 1 MB limit in the code, back in 2010. Has he changed his mind?
@_date: 2015-06-17 06:34:46
But none of this requires the *car* to hold the money (or bitcoins, whatever).  The party legally responsible for the payments and entitled to receive insurance etc. is the owner, not the car.  If the car is stolen or destroyed, the bitcoins and obligations remain with the owner. 
But, more importantly, it does not make sense for the car to "earn its keep".  Most of the things that I own, I pay for their cost and consumption because they render some sort of service to me.  Requiring them to mine bitcoins in order to function makes as much sense as expecting my dog to earn the cost of its dog food.
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:00:42
Sand Hill was a small site where people could bet on the prices of future IPOs.  It was not big, but even so the SEC stomped on them for trading futures without a broker license.  
I suppose that the SEC will not bother with something that is even smaller, but depending on the bets it may technically be under their scope.  
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:22:42
( ) it requires locking up bitcoins in advance for all payments you *may* make
( ) it depends on complicated software packages independent of bitcoin, whose developers will have to be trusted
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:46:15
Bitcoin should be seen as a *technical experiment*.  Unfortunately, the experiment has been hijacked by some people, to use and sell as if it were a product...
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:47:51
Easy. Artificial intelligence will profoundly change the world within five years for the last 50 years. So, it is a good bet that, 20 years from now, artificial intelligence will profoundly change the world within five years.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:32:55


Processing, validating, and storing each transaction have costs (and very substantial ones, unfortunately, due to the overinflated price).  Pretending that the bitcoin protocol can provide such services for free is a pernicious fiction.  Those costs are actually borne by the new investors, who do not use or profit from such service; a situation that makes no economic sense, under any economic school of thought. 
The fee for each transaction does not have to pay for the cost of processing that transaction specifically.  In fact, good business practice is to set the price proportional to the *value of the service, as perceived by the client*, rather than the actual cost.  (For example, the price of a bus ticket shoudl depend on the distance, comfort, and maybe on the hour of day; but it should not depend on how many passengers actually travel on that day, on the miles per gallon of that particular bus, or on whether a mechanic has to be called along the way.)  It suffices that the total revenue from fees is sufficient to pay for the total costs of the service, plus some profit.
A fair transaction fee policy might give some subsidy to microtransactions, to be recovered from higher-value transactions; but it cannot charge much less than their actual cost.  With the current insanely hypertrophied mining network and 1 MB blocks, the actual cost is ~800'000 USD/day to process a maximum of ~400'000 tx/day, currently ~130'000 tx/day; so the minimum transaction fee should be more than 1 USD.  This will have to be the case eventually -- unless the BTC price drops back to the sub-cent level, so that mining becomes again an unprofitable hobby.
Apart from the high hidden cost of transaction processing, bitcoin is not adequate for microtransactions because of the long and unpredictable confirmation time (and the cost of performing off-chain checks for inexistent coins and double-spending).  
Payment channels are supposed to fix that, but they are worth using only in very limited situations.  Since setting up a channel still requires 2 on-chain transactions, that operation alone will cost a couple dollars in bitcoin fees, plus the cost of the off-chain processing, and will take maybe half an hour on average.  At that time the customer must lock in advance sufficient funds to cover all micropayments to be made through that channel, for the time span that they will be expected to take; and any unused funds may remain locked until the end of that time span.   
There don't seem to be many applications that can be viable with those constraints.   Videogames, 
erotic movies and "elevator" music: perhaps.  E-books, software, feature movies, whole songs and videoclips: probably not.  Coffe, groceries, department stores, high-value items: hardly.
@_date: 2015-12-10 12:50:18
I am more inclined to believe that he is a crook, who got initially attracted to bitcoin for its exceptional potential for scams and tax evasion, and eventually decided to impersonate Satoshi -- by planting fake evidence and leading others to discover it.  (That would work much better than claiming to be Satoshi: everybody would immediately demand proof, which he would be unable to give.)
I see some similarities with Danny Brewster of Neo&amp;Bee. Such as the original profession as IT security consultant (a field where charlatans seem to be rather hard to spot), pretending to be a genius, fleeing the country before the thing collapsed, pretending that the getaway was a normal business trip, allegations of threats surfacing after the disappearance, etc. 
Danny set up a phony service company that never got to function.  That did not matter, because the intended "marks" were not the customers, but the investors.  These trusted him without bothering to do a simple Google search to check his background.  They did that only after the collapse, and then turned up obvious evidence that he was a scammer.  It may be the same with Craig.
One difference is that Danny was an uneducated small-time provincial crook in the UK, whose biggest known fraud before Neo&amp;Bee may have netted a few tens of thousand dollars; whereas Craig had masters titles (even if poor quality ones) and is a "serial entrepreneur" juggling tens of millions of dollars.
But, at this moment, the alternative theory by the OP cannot be dismissed either.  We will see.
@_date: 2015-06-03 07:08:09


I don't understand what is the intent here. Could you translate this example in terms of bank accounts and wire transfers?
Say, Alice has 100$ in her account and issues a wire transfer order of 50$ to Bob and then 30$ to Charlie.  I suppose then she wants to cancel the order to Bob, which has not been executed yet, and replace it by an order of 55$ or 45$, without changing the payment to Charlie.  What does it mean "In no case should any of Alice's payments be replayable even if Alice has coins remaining"?


You could still emulate the UTXO system with a balance system by creating new addresses for each UTXO.  But a balance system also allows payments  to be processed in almost any order, and does not need change-backs.  In normal use, it also keeps all the data that is needed to validate a simple transaction in one single record (the current balance of the input address). 
If you care, I discussed this topic a while ago with Peter Todd and some other redditor; I will try to find it tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:33:17
That is a wrong use of 'fungibility'.  If that was the correct use, then gold and dollars would not be fungible either.
When someone refuses to receive bitcoins that he knows were stolen, he is not discriminating againt the coins, but against the person who is holding them.  If the thief changes the coins for other coins and tries again, the first guy should still refuse them.  
You cannot expect to convince society to accept a payment system that *intentionally* prevents the receiver from discovering whether the person he is receiving money from is a thief... 
@_date: 2015-06-15 04:23:56


Yes.  If the price stops growing faster than stock returns -- say, less than ~10%/year -- the hoarders will no longer want to hoard it, and will try to sell. That will lead to a runaway crash.  And it must stop growing at some point, because the new investment each day must be a certain percentage more than the amount put in by previous investors who are cashing out.
 &gt; People speculate on the future price of stocks, housing, gold, currencies
Long-term investors in stocks get their profit from dividends, that is, from new real wealth created by the company and sold to its customers (or from the company reinvesting its profits, so that each share is a title of property of slice with same relative size from a bigger pie).  Long-term investors in housing get their profit from rent paid by people who use those houses.  
Speculators, on the other hand, get their profit from the losses of other speculators.  One can speculate with stocks, to try to get with speculation a higher profit than the dividends one gets just by holding; but this extra profit must come from the loss of other speculators.  Gold, like bitcoin, produces no real wealth, so the only profit it can give is speculative -- from the losses of other speculators.  
Bitcoin is actually worse than gold, because the speculators must also maintain the hugely expensive mining network.
@_date: 2015-06-14 15:59:13


What do you mean? There are maybe 6000 nodes running, out of perhaps 600'000 users.  Most of those 99% do not care about how secure the network is against a 51% attack.  Most merchants who accept bitcoin do it through BitPay, and do not care either.  


They pay the fees because they are next to nothing.  Charge something significant -- like 0.0010 BTC plus 0.5% of the total output (which would not even start to pay for the real costs) and traffic would probably drop to 10% 
@_date: 2015-06-14 01:34:18
From what I understood of the Oct/2014 whitepaper, a sidechain can do whatever it wants as long as it does not try to mess up the parent/sibling/spouse chain.  Specifically, it cannot create bitcoins by fiat, and then somehow push those back to the bitcoin blockchain.    
However, there is a footnote in that paper saying explicitly that the sidechain can have its own tokens and play with them as it sees fit.  It *can* use imported bitcoins as backing for its tokens, and peg the value of the latter to those bitcoins; but it is not required to do so.  (Even if it does, the tokens may have a market value different from their nominal value; see the BIT shares, for example, that are now trading at 25-30% above the value of their backing bitcoins.)
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:45:18
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:36:00


As I said, if there is at least one smart and honest leader, the investor may be willing to bet that he can learn what he needs to manage the startup before it sinks.  But one cannot tell from a webpage and a few posts if someone is smart and honest.
Even SatoshiLabs tried at first to price their Trezor in bitcoins, keep their capital in bitcoin, and use only suppliers who accepted to be paid in bitcoin; but they were smart, and learned fast enough.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 19:56:51
What "misinformation"?
@_date: 2015-06-14 00:39:47


There were two payments:  Bitcoiner1--&gt;Bitcoiner2--&gt;PapaJohns.  The first payment was in BTC, and the BTC stopped at Bitcoiner2.  The second payment was in USD; Bitcoiner2 took BTC and spent USD to continue the purchase.  Then PapaJohns took *the USD* and sent the pizzas to Bitcoiner1.  
Granted, what Bitcoiner2 did is exactly what Bitpay does today.  But that is why skeptics are not impressed (or are negatively impressed) when bitcoiners boast that Microsoft, Dell, Expedia, Newegg etc. "accept bitcoin".  We know that they don't.  And now I know that PapaJohns did *not* accept bitcoins, on that day in 2010... 8-(
@_date: 2015-06-25 04:26:19
Garzik is the author of BIP 100, so he is in favor of an increase, although perhaps not in the same way as Gavin's BIP 101.
@_date: 2015-06-03 08:35:20
No, that graph shows the USD value of ***all*** bitcoins that are moving on the blockchain, no matter what the reason -- including coins that move in exchange for any other currency.  
Transactions are growing in number, but the total value moved by them has not grown for 18 months almost.  It means that the amounts transacted are getting smaller, or that the increase in number of transactions is mostly spam -- transactions for tiny amounts.
@_date: 2015-12-22 10:19:51
The police investigation is not yet complete, and the deadline for the trustee to validate the claims was extended until sometime in 2016.  (There were more than 20'000 claims, and the three largest claims are outrageous.) It is not decided yet whether the 220'000 remaining coins will be auctioned and paid out in JPY, or distributed as BTC through Kraken.  
The site  has the official messages from the trustee.  The official documents are in Japanese, but the second half of each PDF file has a good (albeit unofficial) English translation.
@_date: 2015-12-09 17:57:45
I doubt very much that a man hospitalized for 3 years for a fatal infection could take care of a software project with the attention to detail that Satoshi had. 
Kleiman also appears to have had no graduate schooling.  It is very unlikely that a person with his background whould have chosen to publish his project via an article '~~in LaTeX (an idiosyncratic markup language that only academics and scientists have motivation to learn),~~ in fairly good academic style (that requires years of practice to acquire) ~~, and deposit it in a site (arXiv) used mainly by academics~~.
Craig at least has an academic background and could in principle have satisfied the requirements above.  However, I have looked at one of his papers, and it is terrible.  No way that he coud have written anything close to Satoshi's whitepaper (even though the style of the latter is only 'good', not 'excellent').
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:09:48


That is the comforting discourse that has become the "consensus" way to "solve" the centralization problem.  It is a warm bucket of sand where people can bury their head whenever someone points out that 4 mining pools, all in China and probaby comprising mostly Chinese members, had more than 60% of the hashing power just a few days ago.   
In reality, a majority cartel can freeze the coins of "rebel" clients and services, causing them immediate and severe financial harm; whereas the latter can only harm the miners by doing much worse harm to themselves.  Kind of a bizarre MAD policy where the US threatens to nuke themselves, thus cutting off trade with China, if China tries to nuke them.


The protocol does not give nodes that power.  Players who want to abide by the protocol will have to accept the version of the blockchain that has the most work.
So, the "honest" nodes (including any nodes that are operated by the majority miners themselves) will serve the majority miners' version of the blockchain.  
Nodes that serve the minority's version, just because their operators concluded that the majority version is "evil", will be "dishonest", and should be ignored by any client that can see both branches. 
(Could perhaps there be a cabal of "Protectors of the Faith" who are running most of those 6000 nodes, because they intend to censor miners who do not behave as the cabal thinks that they should?  Nah, impossible; if those bitcoiners love bitcoin, they would never try to violate the protocol like that... ;-)


I bet that most people who have invested in bitcoin would be in favor, since it reduces the inflation pressure on the price; and most of the rest will not know or understand the issue, or will not care about it.  But, even so, it would not happen.


It would be very unlikely, I agree.  However, a change to the protocol that postponed the next halving for a couple of years, or set the reward to 20 BTC instead of 12.5 BTC (without changing the total issuance in the end) would not be totally out of the question.
With a bit of PR ("need to preserve the strength of the network", "need to keep transactions free",  "need to keep small miners viable", etc.) and a few bribes here and there, they could even get the support of many gurus.  (At current prices, 12.5 extra BTC per block is almost half a million dollars a day, or at least 250'000 dollars a day for a majority cartel, which would be more than 150 million extra revenue over 2 years.)


Centralization of mining, which is what matters, is inevitable.  If traffic grows, nodes will become increasingly expensive to run, and only miners will run them (out of self-interest).
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:43:17
I know...
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:40:08


That is easy to answer: when 5% of the miners (and an unknown percentage of other users) are not yet ready for the change.  No matter how quickly they try to upgrade.
Hopefully the miners who will lose their 6000$ rewards will be Western ones, so that the Chinese majority will get stronger.  Popcorn, anyone?
@_date: 2015-06-23 11:38:31
That would be a bad idea, IMHO.  It will spread blocksize-related problems over time instead of concentrating them after each change.  It will be a "boiling frog" type of problem...
I am ~~delighted~~ worried that the libconsensus is becoming increasingly complicated with time.  The more that goes on, the more difficul it will be to maintain it.  Or even to find competent devs willing to maintain it...
@_date: 2015-06-26 22:52:00
Great tool! 
However, Blockchain.info does not seem to reliable enough for this purpose.  [According to the authors]( it stopped working during the last stress test.  Since the tool will be useful only when the network is saturated, it should perhaps use some other data source.
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:41:46


Sorry, no. Hiding the identity of officers and owners *in order to avoid lawsuits* is a huge red flag.


Sorry to dispel that illusion, but the blockchain will not eliminate fraud and embezzlement, any more than steel safes do.  For each fraud scheme that the blockchain can prevent, the scammers will find another 100 ways that actually use the blockchain "security" to their advantage. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 01:52:47


Wishes are not horses... As far as I could understand, neither sidechains not the Lightning Network can be expected to offload a significant amount of traffic from the blockchain -- unless they and their users abandon bitcoin entirely, and they become just ordinary centralized payment processors that need to be trusted by the users.
@_date: 2015-06-03 08:00:54
I think that the stress test submitted 30'000 transactions or thereabouts.
The test showed how easy it is to generate fake volume. [**This graph**]( may be more indicative of how adoption is (not) growing.  And there are indications that even that graph is 80% non-payments (tumbling, gambling, coins moving without changing hands, depositing and withdrawing from exchanges, and maybe just intentional fake volume).
@_date: 2015-06-01 11:51:52
Oh, I just read it between the lines of his code. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:42:17
I read the Oct/2014 sidechains whitepaper twice, and still cannot understand what a sidechain is.  The paper gives some examples, but apparently does not define the concept clearly enough for one to tell what is *not* a sidechain.   Apparently anything can be viewed as a sidechain, even if it does not relate to bitcoin or cryptocurrencies at all.
The properties listed in the paper are either trivially true, because they basically say that a sidechain cannot harm bitcoin; or depend on undefined concepts like "asset" and "controller" that are to be defined by the sidechain.  The vagueness seems to be essential, because sidechains are meant to be created and maintained by independent untrusted developers, so the bitcoin software cannot depend on the sidechain behaving in any specific way.  While a sidechain could use bitcoins as a backing asset for its own tokens, the paper says explicitly that the sidechain can also have its own tokens independent of bitcoin, and can do anything its wants with them. 
So, in a sense, yes: sidechains could remove traffic from the bitcoin blockchain -- because, as far as I can tell, Dogecoin, Coinbase, PayPal, and SEPA can all be seen as a sidechains of bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:18:56


That is certainly not right.  6000 nodes (optimistically) can be 6000 PCs, each drawing much less than 1 kW, for a total of 6 MW.  Miners must be consuming 100x as much nowadays.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:52:30


I can't do that while people refuse to consider how a saturated bitcoin network will actually behave, and how the bitcoin fees and mining actually work; and think that it suffices to discuss the issue on general principles of "market forces" and such.  ***Market forces will not work, because the bitcoin "fee market" will not be anything resembling a "free market", but a totally stupid jumble.***


In fact that is how the bitcoin "fee market" will be.  Clients will ***not*** "have reasonable idea of what that fee is", because it depends on what fees ***will be*** offered by the transactions that ***will*** enter the queue next -- including any other lower-fee transactions that ***may*** get replaced by higher-fee ones.  


For starters, a fixed fee (or a fixed fee formula) specified by the 'consensus' rules, so that no transaction can offer to pay less *or more* than that.  Then natural laziness may result in nodes and miners adopting a first-come-first-served policy; although other measures may be necessary to strengthen the latter.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:08:29


Accepting zero-conf without any checking was very risky, but Bitpay was fairly safe because they checked the queues themselves and could predict that a transaction would confirm with (say) 99% accuracy.  If I understand correctly, with Peter's unrestricted RBF that would no longer be the case, because the overriding transaction could be issued half an hour or more after the payment one.  (If a backlog arises, the delay could be hours or days.)
F2Pool now realized what it meant, and retrated to the "safe" RBF that does not allow changing the outputs. 
To be clear, this "safe" version was definitely not what Peter wanted.  He proposed the unsafe RBF explicitly to force merchants to stop accepting zero-conf.  No one liked the proposal, so apparently he decided to act "on his own solitary consensus".
The "safe" version of RBF is still sufficient for Blockstream's "master plan" of forcing the appearance of a ["fee market"]( and pushing the "plebs" out of the blockchain and hopefully to their "overlay network".
@_date: 2015-06-05 21:37:59
The cost of mining is currently paid by the new investors -- people who buy bitcoin to start or increase their holdings (as opposed to buy to spend right away).  Currently they must provide ~800'000 dollars each day just to support the price.
Those new investors also provide the money to the divestors -- earlier adopters who are decreasing their holdings by selling or spending.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:36:16
You seem to be describing the first of the two "how" alternatives.  In the second alternative, after the forking time the transaction requests too are stamped by the v.new software in such a way that they are recognized as valid *only* by those players running the v.new software; and transactions issued by v.old software are not recogized as valid by v.new software.
This tagging nd segregation of transaction requestst is necessary precisely to avoid the double-spending chaos that you describe.
With this tagging, even if the BTC.old chain manages to survive side by side with BTC.new, there may be image problems, but not much room for confusion.  The price will probably be split among the two coins, but  everybody will start out with equal amounts of the two coins, and can sell them independently.  
Another precaution that must be implemented in the second approach is to change the v.new transaction signature algorithm after the fork so as to make it impossible to convert a v,old request into a v.new request, or vice-versa, without knowledge of the correspnding private keys.  (For example, the v.new signing function appends the v.new version stamp to the input line before signing it.) That is to prevent "bad samaritans" from trying to keep the two chains in sync without the consent of the clients.
By the way, of the two "when" methods, triggering the change by the adoption percentage seem to be a terribel idea, for various reasons.  A predetermined block number seems much safer and easier for everybody.
@_date: 2015-06-11 12:53:15
Sorry, I don't drive.  (I have always been very skeptical about the future of the car, it is basically one giant monza scheme.  And it crashed, see, just as I predicted.)
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:16:14
If they don't sell, they are taking a huge risk.  
If they keep your 1000 BTC as BTC, telling you that they are hedged to USD, and the price drops 10%, they will need to buy 100 BTC to honor your withdrawal.  Where will they get the money for that?
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:41:49
With 1 MB blocks,the bitcoin network today can handle only 360'000 transactions of average size (400 bytes) per day.  Even assuming that all of them are payments, that means 360'000 users doing 1 payment per day on average, or ~1 million users doing 1 payment every 3 days.
Bitcoin simply cannot grow to become a major global payment network.  It cannot grow enough by increasing the blocksize.  Pushing the users to some "overlay network" where transactions have to go through "hubs" already destroys part of its goal ("person-to-person, frictionless ..."); and that overlay network may not need bitcoin at all.  Not to mention that there is still no viable design for such an overlay network.
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:20:14
Bitcoin: the first currency that is 100% backed by algorithms that do not exist.
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:44:18
It seems quite different, because in a bank you can open an account with nearly zero balance and deposit more money before any payment.  You can take out or add any amount of cash at any time.  As far as I understand, cash-in and cash-out would require extra blockchain operations, equivalent to closing and reopening the channel.  Isn't that so?
I am still waiting for a worked-out example of how the LN would work in practice, as seen by ordinary users and merchants.
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:56:59


Yes, that was an unavoidable assumption. Even so a very expensive and complicated mechanism was needed in order to ensure that a minority of the miners could not override or masquerade as a majority.
Satoshi hoped that mining would remain scattered among users, even if one day it would be done in specialized installations.  The more people you need to gather in order to make a majority, the less likely it is that they would conspire.
@_date: 2015-06-26 17:19:56


Yeah, millions of records of barter transactions in antiquity do not count, whereas total bullshit that he made up is obviosly true, because he his a bitcoiner and it is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-04 20:32:16
Please read again.  A miner with 1% of the hashpower can mine, every 17 hours, a block that is perfectly valid, except for the size.  If there is a hard limit (no matter what) and he tries to mine an oversize block, the block will be invalid and rejected by everybody else, before they even try to load it in memory, and no harm will be done.  If there is no hard limit, there will be a block size that can be processed only by 90% of the nodes.  If the miner creates and mines a block of that size, it will be accepted by the majority and  incorporated into the blockchain.  Then those 10% of the nodes will be permanently unable to parse the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-25 05:06:43
It seems to be just an improvement on payment channel mechanisms.  At my level of concern, it does not seem to make a difference.
@_date: 2015-06-19 03:02:02


Are you saying that Blockstream considers bitcoin "their" project now, and have unilaterally decided to repurpose it to be just the inner pipework of *their* project? 
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:54:55


Didin't GHash.io try a double-spending attack against a gambling site, at a time when they did not have 51% yet?
@_date: 2015-06-14 19:47:52


That is probably not correct.  Huobi and BTC-China, who have two of the 4 largest mining pools and more than 30% of the hashpower, have said that they are in favor of an increase, but think that 20 MB is too much.  So they are "moderate antis" in your nomenclature (which should be "moderate pro" or just "moderate").


More precisely, "those who are for a 20 MB increase"  


Or simply to push forward one looming problem that could drastically affect the bitcoin economy... 
And some of the extremist antis, on the other hand, apparently want the blocks to fill up as soon as possible, in order to justify investment in their ideas for off-chain payment systems...
It must be pointed out that bitcoin's transaction fee policy is economically unworkable.  That is not a problem now because fees are so small, and there is room for everybody in the blocks.  If blocks fill up, the crazy fee policy will be another huge disadvantage of bitcoin, compared to private blockchains.  Before people say it: no, the "fee market" will not be a free market at all. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:20:15
That is 365 $/year/user, and that is counting several hundred thousand "users" who got 0.1 BTC once and have not bothered to spend it.  And that is just to pay the miners; they would have to spend a lot more than that to but the coins of the earlier investors who are selling or spending their coins now.
But the big problem is that today's investors can only get that money back with a profit if tomorrow investors will put in even more money than they put in today.  And so on.  That is unsustainable, and once people realize that the new money is drying up, everybody will try to get out as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:48:10


But then, if one is served a 1 MB chain that extends until after the fork, one will not know whether it is the common chain that hasn't forked yet, or the old chain that has effectively forked at an unknown point in the past. 
I really hope that the fork is implemented in this "soft" way, rather than make the blocks and transactions mutually incompatible starting at the specific block number, independently of their size.  I hope that the resulting chaos will be filmed and posted on YouTube for the amusement of mankind. &lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:24:21
That is a very risky way to define a protocol.  (By that definition, the 2010 overflow bug was not a bug, and fixing it was violation of the protocol.)
I understand that the devs do not have the time for that, but the protocol should be defined formally by a set of mathematical invariants. Or, at least, by a separate set of procedures (preferably in plain C) that just validate the blocks and transaction requests, assuming that all the necessary data has been found and loaded.
The bitcoin core core should be a separate package: just one way to update the blockchain so as to maintain the invariants. 
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:25:32
The small-blockians are saying "let the network saturate, there will be a fee market that will keep it usable for good clients and drive only bad clients away; and the sooner that happens, the better".  He is saying  "the fee market will not  work, so the only thing we can do is increase the blocksize for now, and hope someone will invent a  fee mechanism that works before saturation is inevitable."    
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:46:23


I don't think so.  It is accepted already that sidechains cannot solve the capacity problem.  He just wants the network to have a permanent backlog because he wants to see RBF blink and beep.
@_date: 2015-06-05 17:33:43
I forgot the most important advantage of decision 3 (make sure that blocks are valid for both versions): (c) it may dramatically increase the the frequency and severity of orphan blocks.
Suppose that (for maximum comedy effect) the fork splits the hashpower almost evenly, with the new-version miners in a slight minority - say, 45% new, 55% old.  Sooner or later a new miner will post a solved block (say, number N) larger than 1 MB, beating the old miners to it.  The old miners will reject that block as invalid, and continue working on their version of block N.  Meanwhile, the new miners are already at work on their block N+1.
In these cases it will often happen that the new miners will gain a significan head start, say 10--20 minutes, over the old miners.  That is, there will be two branches of the chain: the longer branch will start with an oversize block, while the shorter one will have only 1 MB blocks.  The old miners will reject the first branch for containing an 'invalid' block, while the new miners will consider it to be *the* blockchain for being the longest of the two.  However, soon the old miners will catch up, and will append some block number N+K to their chain before the new miners solve theirs.  At that moment, the new miners will abandon their branch, and start working on the old one -- which is valid by their criteria, and now is the longer one.  Then the K blocks from N to N+K-1 on the new chain will be orphaned, and any transactions that were executed only on that branch will be unconfirmed, even after K confirmations.
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:42:36
They must be considered because they have &gt;60% of the hashpower, so if they agree on doing something they will make it happen.  Even if some hard-headed minority decided to split the coin, the Chinese could jam it while they mine their own version.
In China, bitcoin cannot be used for e-commerce, and banks are forbidden to touch it.  But it can be owned and traded ("like postage stamps", said a Central Bank official) and can be mined.  Using it for e-commerce would weaken the yuan and possibly let foreign bitcoin owners buy things in China with it, which the government does not like.  Letting banks to trade it would put the bank's financial security at risk, which the government does not like either.  But mining (and the manufacture of mining equipment) gets more dollars and euros into the pockets of Chinese citizens, which the the government likes very much.
@_date: 2015-06-14 01:54:38
I don't know how Dogecoin handled its forks.  Can you tell whether it was the compatible or incompatible way?
A fork will always require users to upgrade their software.  That hassle cannot be avoided.  However, the software can warn clients of impeding forks, months in advance, and warn that the minority version will/may stop working after that date.
The question is whether it is best to make the minority version stop working immediately after the fork deadline (by making transaction requests intentionally incompatible), or try to give clients the illusion that it still works (by keeping transaction requests formally compatible)?  The second option seems to create the risk of really serious screw-ups, especially if malicious parties see a way to do mischief during the "extra-life" period.  I doubt that anyone has run through all possible ways that things may go wrong with it.
@_date: 2015-06-14 16:15:40
The price has been in a downward trend since Nov/2013. (Ok, I know, "date picking".  Since 2009-01-03 it has grown +oo%, you will say...)
The market cap then was over 10 billion USD, now it is roughy 3 billion.  
More interesting than the market cap is how much new money is being invested in it.  We can only tell a lower bound, the 3600 BTC/day mined, times the market price.  (We should add to that the amount cashed out by early adopters each day, but there is no way of knowing that.)  The basic investment was over 4 million USD/day in Nov/2013; it is less than 0.8 M USD/day today.
If that is not "dropping", I don't know what the word is for...
@_date: 2015-06-12 12:16:17
Their token would not be pegged to the imported one.  There is a footnote in the paper that says so, IIRC.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:06:58
He needs to have just ONE block of the right size accepted bt the majority of other miners to disable a large number of nodes and clients permanently.  


That is how critical software must be written: consider all possibilities one can think of, and make sure that either they are extremely unlikely, or that the program will handle them in some acceptable way.  Satoshi's original implementation was written like that.
That is especially necessry when you know that there are enemies that will try to make the system fail.  In that case, any improbable condition that will cause the system to crash becomes highly probable.
@_date: 2015-06-27 10:22:15
The LN is more vaporware than sidechains.  There is already one sidechain implementation by Greg Maxwell (although not active yet, AFAIK), whereas LN is still being invented.
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:52:16


Who is "we"?  The bitcoin protocol does not define any "we" and "not-we"...


It is the bitcoin protocol that gives power to the miners, when it says that the true blockchain is the one that has the most work in it.  
From that principle it follows that any entity or group who controls a majority of the mining power has the power to decide which transactions will be processed.
And that in turns gives a majority miner or group the power to force the users to accept any change that is less damaging than the loss of their coins and of the money invested in them.


Bitcoin is like the first airplane that the Wright Brothers built.  If it will not be allowed to evolve and improve, it is as good as dead.  (Or is dead anyway: one cannot evolve a Wright Flier One, patch by patch, into a Boeing 747.  At some point, bitcoin will have to be replaced entirely by something else.)
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:06:32
The Greeks' problem is taking their euros out of the bank.  Once they have the euros in hand, as cash, there is absolutely no reason for them to buy bitcoin.  As long as the euros are in the bank, they cannot buy bitcoins.  If they could send their euros outside the country, they would rather buy stocks, bonds, gold, dollars -- anything but bitcoin. 
The Chinese stock market crash could be it, maybe.
Most likely, it is just non-Greeks buying bitcoin because they think that the price will go up because they think that the Greeks will buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:35:35
The "supplier" can ask a bitcoiner to put the requested amount of BTC into some wallet and sign any message you ask him to sign. Perhaps the bitcoiner will ask only 100 euros for the service. 
That "certification" is even less reliable than asking the guy to send you a photo of himself holding 50'000 euros in cash.
If your company had any business savy, it should have figured this out, and insisted on a bank letter.  
@_date: 2015-12-22 21:54:12
When it went into bankruptcy it owed about ~880'000 BTC to its former clients, of which almost exactly 1/4 (~220'000) were found later by Mark "in an old-format wallet".  (Frankly, I don't believe that story.)
Back in eaarly 2014 when the alleged MtGOX database was leaked, Roger Ver was rumoured to be the largest account (or most successful trader, I don recall).  There were other famous names among the top 20.  I regret not having saved that post...
@_date: 2015-06-15 12:56:57
But *any* increase in the max block size will require a hard fork.
So, from those references, all three would accept a hard fork; one would accept 20 MB, while the other two are against 20 MB but would accept a smaller increase.
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:21:41
AFAIK there is no viable design for a hub-and-spoke payment network that is as decentralized and trustless as basic bitcoin, even if it can use bitcoin as the backbone.  (The LN is not viable, apparently.)  So there may not even be a choice.
It seems unlikely that a hub-and-spoke model can work without the clients having to trust the hubs, at least in part.  In theory, one could always create new hubs and reconfigure their connections to route around any abusive hub.  in practice, however, the same principle that led to concentration of mining must lead to concentration of hub services, which are then likely to form cartels and/or be controlled by external interests, and exclude connections to "rebel" hubs or clients.  It may also be inherently expensive to change the client-hub and hub-hub connections.  But, if the hubs have to be trusted in part, will the "decentralization" that is left be worth the cost? The price of decentralization is very high, as we can see...
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:08:37


That was not at all what the "fee market" will be like.  Unfortunately, the expectations of fans of the "fee market" seem to be based on misunderstandings like that. 


That is what I wrote; but neither it will scale by building another rubegoldbergian layer on top of it.  It will not scale, period.  
When a system cannot be expanded to match the demand, the natural decision is to abandon it and design another system that does, starting again from the goal specs and estimates of the demand.


That example is irrelevant: HHTP was not meant to solve any "TCP's scalability problem".  On the contrary, TCP continued to offer the same service as before, in the same terms, and its use only increased. 
@_date: 2015-06-03 03:45:19


"Now" of course means "deploy the software now, with the block size limit 1 MB, scheduled to increase to n MB starting with block number 385'000 (~6 months from now).  Correct?
@_date: 2015-06-25 21:57:08
That's a good question!
The Lightning Network is supposed to be built from payment channels (PCs).  A payment channel, as far as I can tell, requires 1 blockchain trasaction to set up, 1 to close it, and at least 1 (or 2?) transactions to increase its spending limit.  The spending limit is bitcoins that the sender must lock up when the channel is opened, and remain locked up until it is closed - either by the receiver, or by a timeout of the receiver fails to close it in time.
How long does a payment channel can remain open, without being closed or recharged?  It seems unlikely that it can stay open and unused forever.  Would you agree with teh guess that *average* lifetime of a channel will be 1 week?
If so, then each LN user will contribute about 100 blockchain transactions per year, each paying some average fee F.  How much will F be?  If F is one dollar, then each LN user would have to pay 100 USD/year in fees.  On the other hand, a 1 MB block can fit ~2500 transactions, so with F = 1$ the miners will get 2500 $/block, which is less than half of what they get today (6000 $/block).
If each LN user contributes 2 transactions per week, then 7 million LN users will generate 2 million transactions per day, which is 3x the max capacity with 1 MB blocks.  So, **even if all the traffic migrates to the Lightning Network, the bitcoin network will not be able to handle a large metropolitan area with 1 MB blocks, or a single medium-size country with 10 MB blocks.**
There is worse, but I have to give a class now...
@_date: 2015-06-15 13:46:22


Oh so true. See MtGOX, Neo&amp;Bee, BFL, Bitcoinica, Intersango, BitcoinRain, ...
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:47:28
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:07:54


But that is mathematically impossible.
Suppose that 10 MB of transactions arrive almost at the same time and then traffic stops for a while.  Those transactions will require 10 block (at least) and therfore the jam is expected to clear in ~100 minutes.  The average wait will be 50 minutes.  
It does not make any difference whether those fees all pay minimum fee, or all pay 1000$ fees, or pay varying amounts in between.  If they pay different amounts, the waiting time of a transaction will not depend on the absolute values of its fee, but on its rank among all the other fees.  
So each client who needs 10-minute conformation only needs to choose a fee value that will be greater than 90% of the fees that *will be* chosen by the other 25'000 clients in that batch.  How is he going to do that?
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:15:38
Yes, if traffic continues to rise at the recent rates, the network *may* become congested even with 8 M or 20 MB blocks.   Obviously, the bigger the limit, the longer it will take to reach that state.  My feeling is, specifically, that the small-blockians *want* that to happen sooner rather than later.  


Some people (including their inventors, obviously) *think* that they will be useful when the network is congested.  Only that they won't be.
@_date: 2015-06-20 14:13:45
Oh, sure.  I remember the night skies when the US dropped the gold backing of the dollar -- all red from the bonfires where Americans were burning their worthless dollar bills. 
And we have just seen the price crash to zero after a startup announced their plan to turn bitcoin into a mere settlement channel for their future payment network, which all bicoiners will be forced to use.
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:44:24
"Much higher" too depends on bitcoin being successfully repurposed for something that it was not designed for: replace VISA and Paypal (at least in part) as a internet payment system for everyday use by common people.  So far, it has failed completely in that aspect, in spite of 3-4 years of efforts by several companies, hundreds of millions of dollars of investment, and intensive marketing by people like Andreessen, Ver, Antonopulos, the Winkles, etc..  And it hasn't even hit the 1 MB barrier yet...
There is a third alternative: a computer experiment run by a handful of geeks interested in distributed protocols.  That could stably support a nonzero price like (say) 0.00001 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-12-11 07:13:49


What planet was that?  


I definitely must be in the wrong planet.
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:30:46
The text contains the ungrammatical and truncated sentence


In the video of the panel with Nick Szabo and others, Wright goes off in a tirade about the Dutch "Tulip Bubble" not having been a bubble etc.  It makes me think that this PDF was written by him and not by Kleiman.
@_date: 2015-06-20 13:09:00
Satoshi first designed bitcoin in great detail, optimizing it to best achieve its stated purpose, examining all the flaws that he could think of, and tweaking the protocol to fix them.  Then he published the complete design in a carefully written paper.  Then he programmed a complete, usable implementation.  Then he offered it to the world, and let anyone decide whether to use it or not.
From what I have seen so far, it seems that the Blockstream guys first created a company and secured VC funding, then wrote a sloppy and vague whitepaper about sidechains, then devised a plan to force all the current bitcoiners to use them, then tried to figure out what sidechains actually were, then tried to ignore the flaws of the concept, then decided to go with LN, then told bitcoiners that they would have to move to the LN. Their next step is to try to figure out what the LN actually is...
@_date: 2015-06-16 04:11:16


Perhaps I have a wrong idea of what are "soft" and "hard" forks.  I uderstood that a "soft fork" is one where the new protocol becomes more restricitve after the fork; that is, all blocks validated before the fork point are valid for both versions, and all blocks after the fork point that are valid for the new version are valid also for the old one (but not necessarily the other way around).
In this case, some blocks after the fork point that are valid for the new version will be invalid (too big) for the old one.  Doesn't this imply a hard fork?
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:25:54


Not necessarily *every* transaction request, right?  In a "semi-compatible" split, even months after the fork someone could issue a transaction that would be acceptable and executed on both forks.
I cannot even think about the mess that a "semi-compatible" split could create.  I do not see how one could recover from such a mess even if one of the coins died out.


But, depending on how a "semi-compatible" split is done, the miners running the new version of the software would still recognize the blocks in the old branch as valid, and only ignore them as long as their own branch is longer.  If the old miners manage to grow their branch faster than the new miners grow theirs, the new miners wil abandon their branch and start mining at the end of the old one.  Then transctions could become unconfirmed after dozens of confirmations on the new chain...
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:45:24
Thanks!  That must have been ~200 k$ at the time, right?
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:47:15
Not if someone tells you what the price is going to do next.  Then it is not a gamble because everybody wins and nobody loses.  That is the point of his tweet, see?
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:22:19
Thanks!  (I *am* a teacher, you know...)
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:09:25
[Bitstamp, 2011-09-13--2015-04-13](
[MtGOX, 2010-07-17--2014-02-25](
[A blend of the two, 2010-07-17--2015-04-13](
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:35:41
Thanks again.  I see the source of my confusion now: 1 minute is *Dogecoin's* block period.
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:19:33
The major Chinese miners have officially declared support for an increase to 8 MB.  Should be a good compromise.  
@_date: 2015-12-24 19:51:12


(I suppose that no miner will ever pay attention to him after F2Pool's unsafe RBF fiasco...)


One perplexing thing about bitcoin is that there is practically no reliable data about the bitcoin economy -- even though all transactions are visible in the blockchain, and the system is maintained and managed by computer geeks.  One can extract numbers and plots from the blockchain, but no one can tell what they mean.  It is not even possible to break down those numbers, meaningless or not, by country or economic activity type.
That said, it seems that we have very different mental images of bitcoin's "economic community" and where those 1.5 M$/day come from.  
First, I believe that the Nov/2013 rally was due to the opening of [**this market**]( after Huobi and OKCoin started operating in Beijing.  I suspect also that the Mar/2013 rally was pulled by BTC-China in Shanghai.  Comparison of the mean prices at various exchanges seems to support these guesses.  
So I believe that it was demand by those Chinese amateur speculators that caused the price to rise from ~15 to ~1200 in 2013.  It seems most likely to me that it was that same market that caused the price to crash down to the low 200s over the last two years.  
So, who was sustaining it at that level, six months ago, in spite of the 3600 BTC created by miners every day?  It *could* be those same Chinese speculators, who may feel that $220 is a good buying opportunity, just because.  But even if the buyers were in the "West", I suspect that they no more interested in the "fundaments" of bitcoin than those Chinese speculators.  I have been reading forums of bitcoin traders, and rarely I see someone making a logical connection between the key features of bitcoin and their expectations of future prices.  Much more popular are "technical analysis" of patterns and trends in price charts, ignoring all development and economic news.  When the latter are mentioned, it is in the most primary form: like "Greece may abandon the Euro, so the Greek will soon buy lots of bitcoin".
Even more knowledgeable people, like fund and exchange managers (Silbert, the Winkles, Casares...) do not seem to care about the technical fundaments, but only about the expectations of future prices -- which they presumably think that will be determined by the naive investors and speculators, not by the technically savy ones.
But there is no rational way of predicting those future prices, therefore there is no rational explanation for the current price.  In paticular, the price at which new investors will buy those 3600 BTC/day cannot be explained by the state and events in the development field.  How much would SegWit add to the value of bitcoin six months from now?  How much would the price suffer if the miners adopted BitcoinXT?  
Note also that those 3600 BTC/day mean only a 10% increase per year in the bitcoin holdings of the world.  Given that the price can double or drop by half in a month, we can be sure that the price is not determined by those coins.
There seems to be no generally accepted explanation for the rally from ~220 to ~450 over the last 3 months. Given that the block size war seems far from over, it seems unlikely that it is connected to the events in the technical scene.  The most likely explanation that I have seen is that it is due to demand, mostly in China, coming from  a new market: people who buy bitcoin to enter Mavrodi's lastest global ponzi (and its Chinese copycats).  Those people surely don't know what "selfish mining" means, and do not care.
I hope you get the idea about my idea. 8-)  That is why I predict that the news "ohmigod, AntPool is doing selfish mining" will not have any noticeable effect on price.


Bitcoin is definitely as usable now as it was in 2010, at least in the qualitative sense.  People can issue transactions, which get validated and confirmed.  They can buy and sell coins, etc..  So, technically naive users (which may comprise 99% of the bitcoin holders) will naturally thing that Bitcoin is still fine. 
But bitcoin is now a *centralized* payment system, run by 5 companies in China and Ukraine.  The smaller miners, that together have about 20%,  will not stand against those 5.  *Decentralized* was the essential feature that justified the existence of Bitcoin.  For a centralized system, the Bitcoin protocol is just stupid.
That is why I consider bitcoin broken.  And, worse, *unfixable* -- at least until another Satoshi comes out with another a brilliant idea, for an incentive that neutralizes the economies of scale and motivates miners to be small and independent. 


For many of them, selling now would mean a huge loss.  What I mean is that those holders will do what they do now, when confronted with bad news about the technical state of bitcoin (like the 2.4 tx/s limit): they will keep holding, and will seek a way to dismiss the news, in the hope that they will be ignored by other buyers.


Perhaps... Have these effects been actually observed and measured?  Assuming that miners can steal hashes from open pools via Stratum, and/or use Corallo's fast block propagation?
I don't see why it is worth distinguishing accidental from intentional, when considering some behavior that gives a miner some advantage.  Large miners, like large companies in general, are working strictly for the money.  If some behavior increases the profit of a large miner, his investors will *demand* that he do it.
Furthermore, when there are only 3-4 companies that could cooperate to get a common advantage over the competition, they may do so even without an explicit agreement -- just because they know the consequences of cooperating, and know that the others know too.  In this case, if a 5-second delay in block transmission between Chinese and non-Chinese miners could indeed benefit the Chinese, then BTCC, AntPool and F2Pool would probably start delaying the transmission of blocks to IPs outside China, even without an explicit agreement to do so.  (But we know that the CEOs of the top 5 Chinese miners *can* get together and commit to a common policy: they already did so twice.)
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:27:55


Oh, I understand your posts now.  You just don't have the foggiest idea of what you are talking about...
@_date: 2015-06-01 12:07:20
Well, in my view bitcoin is already "worthless".  
Its price is purely speculative, holding up by itself in mid-air, with nothing to peg it to.  
As a means of payment, it is not economically competitive with centralized systems. 
Its only merit was that it was supposed to be free from central control; but the centralization of mining, and the lack of any control of users over miners has *already* taken that advantage away.  Everybody must trust that those top 4 miners (who today have 61% of the hashrate) will not use their power -- to change bitcoin in "undesirable" ways, to freeze assets, to extort monopoly fees, or simply to destroy it.
Yet the machine continues to chug along.  The price is still ~230, day traders are gambling like crazy, people are still using it to buy illegal and legal stuff.  Early adopters are quietly selling, on the markets or by creating funds.  Bitcoin startups are still getting millions of VC money.  Then why should it all collapse just because a Chinese cartel imposed an obscure change to the protocol, that has no immediate effect on the uses that people make of it?
So there is no need to worry, the machine will keep on spinning and chugging along for years to come...
@_date: 2015-06-18 00:49:58
Is it my impression, or are the arguments against block size increase increasingly ad-hominem, against Gavin and Mike?
By the way, could someone please deny or confirm: *any* protocol change that eventually creates blocks &gt;1MB, no matter how it is deployed and triggered, will necessarily be a hard fork?
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:58:23


It is written on the wall of an old Tibetan monastery that if each bitcoiner repeats that statement 21 million times, while climbing up and down the temple's starwaiy with a chain of heavy iron blocks around his neck, it may have a chance to become true.
@_date: 2015-06-08 13:07:45
... and [58% of the hashpower is controlled by 4 Chinese  pools](
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:32:10
The cost obviously depends on the fee paid by the original transaction.  If its fee was 0.10$, it would cost 300$ to block the transaction (already accepted by the merchant, but still unconfirmed) from entering the next block, and 250$ every 10 minutes to keep it out until the malicious miner can mine the double-spend.  Whether it is worth it or not, it depends on the expected payoff.
@_date: 2015-06-27 00:10:10
AFAIK, the period for submitting claims closed on ~2015-05-25.  
@_date: 2015-06-21 12:51:27
Curiously, the trade volume dropped a lot, and the price remained abnormally still at ~1520 CNY on OKCoin.cn, Huobi, and BTC-China, from 04:00 to 10:00 UTC.  (Actually, BTC-China had a small drift upwards.)
Neither of the three exchanges went offline: trade volume was small but not zero along that interval.
What could have caused that lull?  Could it be that they are now mostly doing arbitrage with OKCoin.com?
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:05:15


It is relevant when considering th epossibility that a request may be valid for one blockchain (hence one subset of nodes) but not for the other.  My suggestion above woudl ensure that: the "old" nodes would reject any "new" transaction request, without further checking, and vice-versa.  
But there are other ways of making trasaction *requests* mutually incompatible, e.g. prefixing the new requests with some fixed byte that is just discarded before further processing.  New nodes would discard the first byte, old nodes wouldn't; but the rest of the processing would not be affected.  This simpler method does not seem as good as the previous one, because a "bad samaritan" could take new requests and re-issue them without the leading byte, or vice-versa. 
The alternative you seem to be considering is to keep each transaction request formally valid for both versions, so maybe both subset of nodes will accept it, or only one would accept it, or neither, depending on whether the inputs exist and are unspent on the respective chain.  I believe this policy would be a disaster, since clients may easily double-spend by accident and then get hopelessly confused, with wallets that are inconsistent with both versions.
@_date: 2015-06-12 04:28:54
I believe this is him. He has a degree in History and Literature from Harvard, 2002 (thesis on William Faulkner) and has been business reporter since then. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 02:11:40


At least the outside world will know that some bitcoiners do not believe that problems can be solved by ignoring them.
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:58:25
Using bitcoin through Coinbase, Circle, BCI, the LN etc is not using bitcoin.  Bitcoin's goal was to be digital cash for person-to-person payments without the need for a trusted third party or authority.  All those solutions require you to trust intermediaries (which are even less reliable than banks).  The BCI buggy random number generator showed how dangerous it is to do that.
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:30:58
The Deletionists are one of the two main political parties in Wikipedia. They love to delete articles about "non-notable" people or places. They invented this rule: if a guy is notable only for its main role in one event, he does not deserve an article, only a pointer to that event.
@_date: 2015-06-24 15:40:34
My point is precisley that there is no authority to say who is the "legitimate" dev team and who is the "rogue" one that is trying to "change it from within".
@_date: 2015-06-14 19:23:57
Then o pray tell me, where does come the money that will yield the profits of those who have invested in it?
If you bought at 100 $/BTC, how are you going to get the 200 $/BTC that you expect to get?  (Hint: the money will  come neither from dividends, nor from the miners, nor from other investors who are waiting to sell their own coins.)
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:18:58


AFAIK he has no fix.  He just points out that the fee market, that small-blockians are counting on, will not work; so he proposes to increase the block size in order to push the disaster further in the future, until some genius finds a way to make fees work.
And if anyone is proposing a PayPal-like solution, it is Blockstream with the Lightning Network...
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:59:25
Since the cartel miners would have a majority of the hashpower, they could jam the old chain while thei mine their new one.  Then any "honest" miner will see his blocks being orphaned by empty or bogus blocks, perfectly valid under the old protocol, generated by the cartel.  All clients and nodes would be bound by the longest-chain rule to accept the bogus cartel blocks and reject the blocks created by the honest miners.  The cartel will then collect the appropriate share of the rewards on the new chain, and 100% of the rewards in the old chain.  Self-interest then will drive the miners to mine the new chain, where they will have the same rate of success as before. (Or maybe a bit more, if the cartel miners reduce their hashpower fraction there to encourage miners to upgrade.)
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:37:42
Even so, if it has a significant impact on users, it should have been at least announced clearly to them.  Ditto for several other patches that the core devs are doing to the core.
For example, consider the "fee market" that will be forced upon users when blocks fill up.  The "safe" variant of RBF will both aggravate that market and provide a necessary tool to play in it, implying [a totally non-trivial change]( in every software that issues transactions, that will make bitcoin use more complicated and time-consuming for all users.  It was totally irresponsible of the devs to decide that such "fee market" must be imposed as soon as possible (by keeping blocks small) and implementing it in the core, without even telling the community about that plan.  
And I am now really doubting their competence as well as their prudence, because I cannot see how the "fee market" can be anything but a disaster.  
Someone quipped that "bitcoin is the tool that the Devil invented to teach economics to the nerds".  Poor Devil must be very disappointed with his students...
@_date: 2015-06-03 04:06:53


I used it a while ago when discussing why bitcoin uses UTXOs instead of bank-like balances.
I was told that the UTXO ("solid") approach allows a more efficient implementation; but I was not convinced.  That claim seemed to assume an implementation similar to the current one.  Of course, if the balance ("liquid") model had been adopted, the implementation would have been substantially different. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 03:16:49
How many are in the "etc." in that list?
It would be nice to have an explicit list of which devs are against any block size increase, which ones favor increase by BIP 100, which ones prefer BIP 101, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-20 14:54:32
A two week grace period seems awfully short.  
The "poll" only counts miners, and 60% of them (the Chinese pools) will probably switch right away.  By the time that miners reach 75%, the percentage of clients are still running the old version may be 90% or more.   After two weeks, I would guess that 20% or more of those old clients will not have converted yet. 
I suppose that the transactions will remain compatible with both chains, right?  (It will be fun to watch the confusion...)
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:29:00
Miners who control a majority of the hashpower can make the other version of the coin unusable; so no one will be able to buy it, or want to.
@_date: 2015-06-25 02:28:40
Well, I learned from [this video ad](  You think it was not on the live net? They boast 100% uptime...  And a stress test without the normal traffic is nowhere as reassuring as one with it...
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:57:58
I think they are usually called Inclusionists.  I am one of them so I would rather call them "the sensible guys".  8-)  They want to include articles on anything and anyone that readers may want to know about.
@_date: 2015-12-06 00:04:39


Sigh.  Why is this so hard to get across?
Imagine that General Electric attaches to each appliance a small diesel generator, and tells  customers that "having a generator on your device means that you don't have to deal with the utility company".  But then you find out that (a) the generator only puts out 5 watts, no matter how much the hosting device needs; and (b) the generator does **not** feed the device, because it has the wrong voltage; instead, it sends all those 5 watts to the utility company through one pair of wires in the power cord, and the company sends electricity from its generators to the device, through another pair of wires in the cord. 
Would you say that attaching the generator to the device is a clever idea?
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:31:37
Thanks for the info!
@_date: 2015-06-13 01:37:14


@_date: 2015-06-07 11:11:50


There was a sharp drop when the first auction was announced, that was undone by a sharp rise after the outcome was partially known.  The second and third auctions did not have any visible effect on the price.  There were spikes roughly around those times, but clearly connected to rumors like "McDonalds will accept bitcoin on Valentine's Day", the Coinbase Lunar teasing, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-30 12:50:30
I doubt very much that saturation of the network will result in a substantial fee increase.  When it happens, people will stop using bitcoin, or cut back on their use: not because they would have to pay too much, but because of the unpredictable delays.  
The average tx rate  will probably stabilize at 70--80% of the capacity (250'000 -- 300'000 tx/day), so that the network will saturate only now an then, with temporary backlogs that will take a couple of hours to clear.   The frequency and duration of the backlogs will not depend on the average fee level.  When those backlogs happen, RBF and CPFP will not make the average delay shorter; they will only make the delay less predictable (i.e. it will increase the variance).  Few clients will be willing or able to keep watching their transactions for half an hour or more and re-issue them with RBF.  
In that scenario, only a fraction of the traffic will be time-critical transactions, that will pay a few times the minimum fee to ensure fast service even during backlog periods.  The rest will be transactions that can tolerate a few hours of delay during the backlogs periods, and therefore will be pay the minimum fee. 
Comparing the current bitcoin transaction rate (~120'000 tx/day) with the Bitpay statistics, I would guess that only 5--10% of the former is actual payments (bitcoins changing hands in exchange of goods or services).  Some of the traffic is active bitcoin users managing their wallets, depositing to and withdrawing from exchanges, etc..  The rest may be "junk" traffic like tumbling, advertising spam, gambling, testing, etc. -- and perhaps even shilling.  (The [steady rise in tx/day]( since Jul/2014 is hard to explain, considering that there was no significant increase in [BTC volume]( and a total stagnation of the [USD volume]( in the same period.)
Even if we assume assuming that most of the "junk" traffic will disappear in that post-saturation scenario, it is likely that bitcoin users will make (say) 5 maintenance transactions for each actual payment on average. (This is what happened in the USMS auctions, for example.)  Then there will be at most 60'000 payments per day.  If the average user makes one bitcoin payment per week, that would limit the user base to ~400'000 users, worldwide...
@_date: 2015-12-20 01:44:41
Perhaps to make it seem that the [estimated USD volume (minus return change)]( is finally picking up, after 2 years of sagnation at 50 M$/day.
@_date: 2015-06-27 10:46:38
So there will need to be a "lint" tool that checks whether all paths through the script allow *someone* to unlock the bitcoins at every time in the future.
But my concern is more general, one that I hadn't given much thought before but those examples brought to mind: it is the folly of placing one's money under control of a "machine" that cannot be stopped, reversed, or overriden by recourse to courts.  
Bitcoiners see that feature as one of the biggest advantages of bitcoin.  I see that as a fatal flaw; and, I believe, anyone who has lived in the real world will think so too...
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:06:57
A majority attacker can keep the old chain jammed for as long as it wants, *while collecting all the block rewards in it* -- so, if the attack fails for some reason, the attacker still will make *more* revenue than if it behaves nicely.  
If the cartel stops jamming, the other clients can start using again the old chain; but then the cartel can resume the jamming where it left off, and, in a short time, will orphan all the transactions that were confirmed during the pause, causing chaos to the clients.  The clients cannot avoid this, because they are programmed to always use the longest branch of a normal fork, which will be the one created by the cartel. 
Meanwhile the new chain will be working normally, and any client who upgrades will find his coins over there, unencumbered and accepted by any service or merchant that has upgraded.
Self-interest will tell all players to upgrade to the cartel version; resisting would be financial suicide.
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:34:19
The bitcoin blockchain was not designed to be a settlement or timestamping system for big banks.  Surely it can be used for that, but it will be far from optimal.  A Boeing 747 can be adapted to be used as a bus, but it will be a very clumsy and inefficient one. 
Those "Blockchain 2.0" functions will demand minuscule amounts of bitcoins, but may result in the minimal fee being jacked up to 5 US$ per transaction, or more; thus driving most traffic to off-chain systems ... like Visa and Paypal.
Most likely, the blockchains used by big banks will be closed, depending on nodes and miners who are known and bound by contratcs, rather than just by greedy interest.
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:06:58
I just posted [a thread about it](
@_date: 2015-06-30 13:45:26
If wishes were horses, and horses bought bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:17:37


Not so much to store it, but to send it through the net.  Especially the new blocks as they are mined.
There are proposals and even implementations for pruning the blockchain.
I suppose that one could eventually make a "clean abridged copy" of it that kept only the transactions whose outputs are still unspent and are above some minimum threshold.  Such a clean copy would be impossible to check without access to the full chain; but its blocks could be Merkle linked (without PoW) and then sealed by mining new blocks, with PoW at full difficulty, on top of the last one.  After a few dozen such confirmations, the chain would be as secure as the full blockchain, for all practical purposes...
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:43:52
The article is rather critical of bitcoin for its wasteful PoW mining that makes the cost of producing one bitcoin equal to its face value; and also for the inconvenience of needing 3-4 decimals after point to denote ordinary amounts, like a beer.
@_date: 2015-06-07 11:33:39
Why would they want to do that?
Accepting payments in bitcoin (or anything other than dollars) would greatly complicate their sales procedures, accounting, and tax reporting.  Keeping bitcoins would expose them to losses that they would have a hard time to justify to shareholders: "why are you keeping *our* money in an asset that has no intrinsic value and has lost 80% of its market value over the last  18 months?"
Even Overstock, one of the very few large companies who actually accepted bitcoin payments (if not the only one) has stopped the practice, and keeps only a minuscule amount of their reserves in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-18 18:47:25
Someone should separate the protocol specification from the software that implements it.
The protocol specification should be a library of routines that only check whether transactions and blocks are valid, given all the data that is strictly necessary to do that.  For example,  that checks input signatures, that checks a block hash given the hash and timestamp of the previous block and a difficulty level,  that computes the difficulty level given the last 2000 blocks, tht computes the minimum fee and the fee paid for a given transaction, etc.  And a routine that checks whether a given previous output is spent in a given block.  These routines would then define the protocol: a blockchain would be valid under the protocol if and only if it passes all these tests.  
These functions should include the *protocol* version tag (not the *core* version tag) in their names, so that a single program can import the libraries of all previous versions of the protocol.  One constant in each library should specify the block number when this version of the protcol was meant to become effective.
Everyting else now in the core -- including the management of databases and filters to efficiently check for double-spends, queue and network management, etc. -- should be a totally separate package. 
Then anyone can develop their own core, doing whatever they want.  These alternative apps will be correct long as the blocks they produce pass the all tests of the validation library, 
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:38:31
Yes indeed, that is what I meant when I predicted that both sides of the block size debate would claim that the test proved their own thesis.
I think I will stand with [this report]( by the authors of the test, thank you.
The small-blockian article says:


The fees returned to normal because the peak stress test load was only 50% above the network's capacity for a couple of hours, and was inerrupted after 10% of the budget was spent.  I cannot understand how anyone could view that test as proof that 1 MB is enough. 
If/when a persistent overload occurs because of natural increase in traffic, of course the fees cannot ever return to normal.  The network will be experiencing such stress tests several times per day as the demand varies.  Fees will rise, of course -- but how much?  Clients have no way of telling what is the right amount to use, *because it depends mainly on the transactions that will come in, not those that are already in the queue*.  Businesses that make automated payments, like pools and exchanges, cannot decide automatically how to react to a backlog.  And so on, and on....
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:29:57
Because bitcoin is not supposed to ignore transactions that it doesn't "like"...
@_date: 2015-12-20 12:22:53
This is very good for Silbert's company, that is making $16 profit on every share that it sells for $62.  I wonder where in the world those victims are located...
Silbert's must be one of the many companies pushing to make bitcoin unusable except for large transactions by companies.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 23:07:54


I even pointed out on bitcontalk how that could be done.  But that would force miners to keep their equipment idle some of the time.  So, considering the totality of the miners, and taking the difficulty adjustments into account, they would still consume the same amount of electricity, process the same transactions, and earn the same amount of reward+fees; but the amount of work incorporated into the blcokchain would be slightly less.  (That is, the Merkle links in the blocks would have slightly lower difficulty, on average.)  
Anyway, "stealth" deployment of soft forks (without grace period and alerts) is  a stupid idea, with or without SPV mining.
@_date: 2015-12-21 03:39:24
I am 65.  I have filled some tax forms.  How old are you?
@_date: 2015-12-05 18:01:50
That could be.  However, as long as 21co has only 5% of the hashrate, clients who issue a blockchain transaction with no fee, counting on that privilege, will have to wait ~20 blocks (~2 hours) for it to be processed.
Their plans seem to be quite fuzzy even to themselves, but they seem to assume that clients will use 21co as a remote wallet and payment processor, like Coinbase; so that client-to-client payments will be processed off-chain on their database.  Unlike Coinbase's clients, however, 21BC owners will be bound to 21co. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 22:52:17
The soft limit is a prvate parameter that only limits the size of blocks that the miner produces himself.  He must still accept any block that is less than the hard limit, that must be the same for all players.  If such a block is too big to handle, he can only sit in a corner and sulk.  
Actually the miners may not have to handle whole blocks produced by others. All they need is the hash of the most recent block, and a scoopful of pending transactions.  It is the nodes who actually process the blocks, the clients (when they sync), and various independent programs, such as the blockchain analyzers and browser.
@_date: 2015-06-06 22:47:33
The USMS said last year that they were splitting the auction into 30-50 kBTC lots in order to not upset the market.  (Which seems to have been a bad decision: if they had sold it all a year ago, when the price was ~600 and the markets were more active, they might have got a better price overall.)
I also recall the USMS saying, after the last auction, that they would auction the rest in the coming months.
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:50:51
And how are we going to resolve this bet?  Each of us follows one branch at the next hard fork of the Universe, and later we compare notes?
@_date: 2015-06-22 13:38:04
Yes, one needs one blockchain transaction to open the channel, and one to close it.  In that example, A opens a channel with H locking up her 10 BTC for some length of time.   Any time in that interval she may decide to make a payment to B or C.  In theory, she should not be able to pay more than 10 BTC total.  I don't know how she (or H) will be prevented from paying 8 BTC to each of B and C.
At some point H must have opened channels with B and C too.  I don't know whether these channels will need to lock up more BTC, how much, and where those BTC would come from. (Asked many times, never got an answer.)
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:36:08
There is also a thread that reports about last week's attempt, somewhere in @_date: 2015-06-23 14:36:07
Transactions in the LN will not be "p2p and frictionless" as they are in the basic bitcoin proocol.  In practice, each user would have to open a payment channel with a hub and lock up a certain amount of bitcoin in it, with some timeout.  This will require a blockchain trasaction. Then, until that timeout, the user can make any number of payments to other users who are connected to the LN.  Eventually the sender and receiver close their channels and the receiver gets the coins in the blocckchain.  But the idea is that the channels are closed infrequently, and the bitcoins mostly travel around the LN, from user to user.
There are other drawbacks of the LN, such as (un tout petit rien, un incident, une bêtise) the fact that the idea has not been worked out yet.
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:04:06
Don't be silly; that is totally untrue.  A bitcoin startup is not a powerful entity.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:32:31
There was a paper by Wei Dai and other NSA researchers in 1998 that described something similar to bitcoin, only that they did not know how to keep the main ledger without a centralized authority.  Nick Szabo also described a currency called BitGold.
Getting anonymous uncoordinated volunteers to maintan a reliable ledger was a tought problem.   An obvious approach woud be some majority voting scehema, but a malicious agent could pretend to be thousands of volunteers to win the vote. Satoshi's contribution was to use proof-of-work (an idea of Adam Back)  to prevent such ballot-stuffing,
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:01:33


When a miner "solves" block number N, he must send it to one or more relay nodes, where the other miners can see it.  The miners should then stop working on their versions of block N and start working on block N+1, on top of (i.e. Merkle-linked to) that block N.  The nodes must also remove from their queue the transactions that were included in that block, share the block among themselves so that all of them agree on which one is the last block, and send to each miner enough transaction from the queue to fill the next block.  The longest this process takes, the more chance there is of two miners posting different versions of block N.  Then it is possible that some of the miners start working on top of one version, some on top of the other. Eventually one of two versions of block N will be discarded ("orphaned") and the miners who were working on top of it would have wasted precious time.


A Merke link is a cryptographic hash of some data record A that is included in some other data record B.  It does not help to find the block A given block B, but it ensures that the contents of block A has not been changed since the hash was created and saved into B.  The blocks in the blockchain are connected by Merkle links; so, in order to modify any block and keep the chain valid, one would have to replace the hashes of all the following blocks.
PoW is "proof of work".  Each block of the blockchain also contains a solution to a cryptographic puzzle that is designed to take a lot of effort to solve, and is embeded in the Merkle links.  Right now, solving one of those puzzles requires computing about 180 million trillion hashes, which means that all the miners together can find a solution only every 10 minutes, on the average.  Thus, altering any block in the blockchain would requre spending about that much work for each block after it.
 
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:11:59
Because 99.9+% of the people in the world think that government *must* have the power to do that.  
It will not be a backdoor, just some mechanism by which the police and courts can freeze an seize assets, in the same way that they now do it with banks.
@_date: 2015-06-03 23:15:54
Proving a cryptosystem secure is not "harder than solving P vs NP".  The two problems have no relation.  P vs NP is about the asymptotic complexity of  functions on infinite domains, as the arguments tend to infinity.  Cryptosystem security is about concrete complexiy of functions on finite domains. There is no useful theory for the latter.
@_date: 2015-06-16 07:05:29
You were right that the first electricity distribution network was deployed to feed lighting only.  However, that network was not simply extended later to feed motors.  Instead, it was replaced by a competing network, based on different principles.  
So, if that analogy were applicable to bitcoin, the person-to-person payment system will not be adapted to be a settlement system for hubs, but would be replaced by a completely new system.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:47:56
To be precise, it is paid by the investors who buy those mined coins to start or increase their holdings. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 22:59:23
Google found it for me: 
EDIT: however it may be very inaccurate. If you click "Miners" at the top left, it shows a big spike in NY and very little in China, which is almost certainly not correct.
@_date: 2015-06-04 19:05:16


But, as you know, even if the cost of computing a function is proved to be superpolynomial in "almost all" cases, it does not mean that it is secure in practice.  The costs 15 n^log ^log ^log ^log ^n and 2^n-1024 are superpolynomial, whereas n^500 and 2^1024 n are polynomial; now plug n = 1024 in that...  The reason why P vs NP is such a baffling problem is that the P and non-P classes are indistinguishable if the functions are restricted to any finite domain, even if it is "practically infinite" like n &lt; 10^500.
Moreover, public-key cryptography depends on the existence of trapdoor functions of some sort.  It has been decades since I looked, but AFAIK the existence of such functions has not been proved, either in the asymptotic or in the practical sense.  Is this true?  If so, perhaps we will find out one day that every function that can be computed in time t(n) can be inverted in time at most t(n) log n, or something like that...
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:46:51
No, that is a simplistic conclusion.  A 51% cartel can jam the original chain while mining their own.  Players either submit or cant move their coins.
@_date: 2015-06-24 15:46:31
The difficulty adjustment algorithm -- like the max block size limit, the reward halving schedule, and all other criteria that determine when a block is valid -- is programmed in the so-called 'consensus' library.  It could be changed arbitrarily, but any change would probably result in a fork of the blockchain -- if the changed version accepts some blocks that the original version rejects, or vice-versa.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:35:30
The deal is that bitcoin will be limited to less than 500'000 users, in the best case; AND YET the fees will not increase enough to compensate the miners. ("Higer fees" means maybe 10x the minimum fee, which is still pennies.)
@_date: 2015-06-04 20:21:31
I see.  Well, maybe my proposal could still work if a hard fork was programmed to occur every 500 or 1000 blocks or so, at which times the random string in the code would be replaced by a new one.  Do you think that it would be random enough? (One could make the forks happen at random times too, if it helped.)
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:57:47
You must have a scrambled mind to notice that. 8D
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:41:12
Centralization will happen anyway.  It is happening.  Today teh top 4 pools (all Chinese?) had 61% of the hashrate. (It was 54% a few days ago.)
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:05:31
Well, I meant that it would be OK if Gavin's fork splits the coin, so that each bitcoiner can independently use or trade both clones -- the one with 1 MB limit, and the one with 8 MB limit.  
@_date: 2015-06-19 21:29:44
I think he meant Paypal, Visa, etc.
Seriously: it seems that the small-blockians believe that the "fee market" will work.  In that blogpost he argues that it will be a nightmare (and that is my conclusion too), that will just drive people away bitcoin.  If your car keeps stalling every 10 feet, at some point you give up and take a taxi.
Has there been any rebuttal of his analysis?
The "fee market" will also make the issuing of transactions more complicated, time-consuming, and inconvenient.  I don't recall whether Mike mentioned this in his blogpost.
One might reply that an inefficient and inconvenient "fee market" for bitcoin is not a problem, because users will be transacting in the overlay layer, and the bitcoin layer will be used only for settlements among hubs and other "blocchain 2.0" applicactions, that can cope with it.   
However, users will almost certainly still need to issue blockchain transactions, for example to manage their cold wallets or to make the initial deposit of a payment channel.   Also, any delays, failures, or fee variations experienced by the hubs in their settlement transactions will inevitably have repercussions in the overlay layer.  
By the way, are there any estimates of how many transactions the Lightning Networ would generate on the bitcoin blockchain?  To serve Greece, say, it would need to serve at least 10 million consumers, with maybe 10 hubs and 100'000 merchants.  How much blockchain traffic would that create?
@_date: 2015-06-19 23:37:06
There is no justification for trying to fit a single curve to the whole history of bitcoin.  The bitcoin economy had seen several radical changes and overpowering events in those 6 years.  After each of those critical times, whatever processes that cause growth of the number of transactions t(m) may have changed, so the formula for t(m) may have changed too.
In particular, bitcoin after Dec/2013 is not the same bitcoin before that date.  One can see that in the plots of price and trade volume, estimated USD traffic, etc.  And around Jul--Aug/2014 somethin again seems to have happened: t(m), that was nearly constant at ~60'000 tx/day, started to increase almost linearly until the present ~120'000 tx/day






Extrapolation of a trend fitted over 6 years  should never be carried out for more than ~1 year beyond the final data point.  Especially if the data is very irregular, the fit was poor, and the model is a polynomial of high degree.  And especially if the underlying process is expected to have undergone radical changes in that span.  A linear extrapolation fitted to the last 11 months could be used for another couple of months, perhaps.
@_date: 2015-06-09 07:00:12


You mean, a certain percentage of *miners*?  
You can't have the trigger depend on data that is not recorded in the blockchain, otherwise the validity of the blockchain cannot be checked after the fact.
Triggering the increase by an adoption threshold will guarantee that, no matter how quickly the miners upgrade, the fork will happen when 20% of the miners are still not ready for it.
Note that when 80% of the miners have upgraded, there may be still 90% of the clients running the old version.


Wouldn't 4 MB or 8 MB be more acceptable to the community?  
(There will be more hard forks in the next two years, for other reasons.  You can increase use those occasions to increase the limit further.)
@_date: 2015-06-09 05:17:04


That is why the fork must be a clean split, with transaction requests reformatted after the fork so that each request is valid only for one version of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-06-21 07:28:24
[Banks are 'very excited' about what one of the world's best funded Bitcoin startups is doing](
[A pre-post-mortem on BitPay](
[Stephen Pair on Twitter - BitPay is expanding, not pivoting](
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:41:01


I agree that the payoff would probably not be worth the trouble and the risk of being discovered, but the attack has no cost, or risk of loss.
The naughty miner buys 100 BTC worth of gold from a store that accepts 0-confirmation payments. The store checks the network queues, sees the payment transaction T1 at the front of the queue and no double-spend attempts, gives the gold, and the miner leaves.  But the store does not know that the miner is already at work on a version of the next block N that contains a transaction T2 that sends the same coins to another address.  The miner generated T2 himself and did not send it to any node yet.
[1] If some other miner solves block N first, probably including transaction T1, no sweat.  The naughty miner still has the gold, that is worth the 100 BTC that he spent.  
[2] If the naughty miner solves block N before the other miners, he sends transaction T2 and the solved block to the nodes, in quick succession.  The nodes will assume that T2 got delayed by natural causes, will accept the block, and discard T1 as a double-spend.  The naughty miner then gets the gold, the 100 BTC back, and the block reward.
The probability of [2] is equal to the fraction P of the hashpower that the naughty miner has.  His expected return on investment is then P x 100 BTC.  If [1] happens, the naughty miner loses nothing, and can try again, until he succeds.  (As soon as [2] happens, the store will learn a valuable lesson and will stop accepting 0-confs).
Note that the miner does not waste any work, because he will get the same fraction P of the block rewards that he would get if he mined honestly.
He can try to pull several such attacks in parallel, making many e-purchases from various 0-conf merchants and trying to mine all the double-spending (T2) transactions in the same block.  In case [1], no sweat.  in case [2], all the double-spends will succeed.


When mining the block that contains T2, and broadcasting it in case of success, the miner can use a different coinbase address, IP, and miner ID, so that they could not be traced to him.  He would also have to tumble the coins he got, both the double-spend ones and the bock reward; but that seems to be a solved problem...
If the naughty miner is a mining pool manager, things are a bit riskier. The members get only the header of the block to work on, and do not check the queues, so they will not notice the double spend T2 in it.  But they may have saved the headers that they worked on, so in a posterior investigation the pool may be identified.  
However, the attack can be carried out by a staff member or by a hacker, who does not care about the pool's reputation.


I believe that some non-pool miners (21.co? KnC?) have several percent of the total hashrate.  Even large pools probably have members who are themselves large farms, and the pool manager may own one of those.  In that case, he could use only his farm, and then he may be able to cover his tracks.
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:44:15
If the fee is fixed in the consensus rules (like the block reward is), any trasnaction that pays a different fee is invalid, and any block that includes such transaction is invalid.  So the miners cannot set fees or discriminate or prioritize transactions by fee.  If the fee is high enough, they will want to fill their blocks with any transactions they can get, in any order.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:31:39
The adoption of bitcoin by those traders in 2013 is confirmed by [informed reports]( in mainstream press.  [Comparison of prices between the exchanges]( tell me that the Chinese ones were leading the Nov/2013 rally. 
My best guess about Willy is that it was doing arbitrage: buying bitcoins at MtGOX (possibly with non-existent money) that were sent to the Chinese exchanges and sold there in Nov/2013 for yuan.  Perhaps the plan collapsed when the PBoC closed the bank accounts of those exchanges.
@_date: 2015-06-12 16:37:03
The current "voluntary" fee system is broken.  That is not a severe problem (by bitcoin bug severity standards, that is) only because the blocks are not yet full, so it does not *have* to work.  It will become a serious problem if a backlog of non-free transactions ever develops.  And no, it is not a "free market", by any stretch.
@_date: 2015-12-11 05:56:28
With some alterations, you can get a car to float and even move by spinning the wheels, paddleboat-like.  But it you want a good vehicle to travel through water, you should start from scratch and design a boat.
By adopting bitcoin for uses that it wasn't designed for, those groups got badly served, and sometimes spoiled its primary use.  For example, speculators pumped up the price to 100--200 times what it should be; which made mining a lucrative  industry, which led to concentration of mining -- which killed its aspiration to be a payment system fo "peer to peer payments without a trusted intermediary". 
@_date: 2015-06-16 23:03:18
And so as blocks get larger, nodes and clients might drop out one by one.
@_date: 2015-06-20 02:42:39
The comments called for the judge to be assassinated.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:44:42
OK, thanks for the hint.  But it is strange then that there is so little volume.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:22:08
Right, my understanding is that, for the attack to succeed, the rogue miner must get the oversize block accepted by the majority of the miners and thus included in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:52:01
The value P of a currency is U x T / N where U is the total value of all payments done through it, T is the average time between re-uses of the same currency unit, and N is number of currency units in the circulation. 
Assuming that there is no hoarding, with U = 10 million USD/day (optimistic, given BitPay's numbers), T = 14 days, and  N = 14 million BTC, gives P = 10 USD/BTC. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 02:14:16
Thanks! But that does not answer my question. 
Clarifying: Suppose that **A**lice, **B**ob, and **C**arol have 10 BTC each, on blockchain addresses, that they want to spend via the LN.  Suppose that **R**akuten, **S**tarbucks, and **T**esco are the only merchants willing to receive bitcoin payments via LN.  However, the merchants are not willing to set up payment channels with every customer, and vice-versa.  So they will have to go through hubs. To simplify, suppose that Coinbase is the only LN hub in the world.
So, how will that work out?  I suppose that A,B and C will open a payment channel with Coinbase, each locking up their 10 BTC for a month or two.  What about the other side: will Coinbase open payment channels with R, S, and T? If so, how much BTC will they lock up in each channel?  
Suppose that in the following week A, B, and C together pay 15 BTC to R, 1 BTC to S, and nothing to T, and then decide they don't want to buy anything more.  When will all parties get the BTC that they are entitled to?
Suppose A tries to pay 8 BTC to R and 7 BTC to S throught the LN (total 15 BTC), even though she had locked only 10 BTC with Coinbase.  Who is going to prevent her from doing that?  Coinbase?
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:06:33
And you really can't see the difference between the pricing policy of McDonalds and Visa, and the insane bitcoin fee policy?  
Perhaps [this highly technical description of the bitcoin fee mechanism]( may get the point across.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:30:36
Yeah, but the guy who is paying the bill will not see it that way.  "Oh, you are right: if there were PCs in those rooms I would have to pay 200 $/month extra for electricity; but since there are no PCs, you can take those 200 $/month out of my pocket and put them in your pocket, no problem."
Just warning...
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:57:09
Change-back outputs are a consequence of the UTxO-based accounting that Satoshi decided to use, perhaps to imitate cash rather than bank accounts.
Methinks that the UTxO system makes bitcoin needlessly complicated, and its complexity cannot be hidden from clients. (For instance, the breakdown of your holdings into UTxOs affects the minimum fee that you must pay to spend it.)
However, replacing that model, or even getting rid of change-backs, would require more than a hard fork: it would require a complete redesign -- which would mean a new cryptocoin with a new network.
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:34:23
Litecoin's block size is ~10 kB but they have 1-minute block period, so it would be ~100 kB blocks if it were 10-minute period.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:32:00
CoinTelegraph interviewed the largest Chinese exchanges (who are also the largest miners) a couple of days ago. IIRC, all would agree to an increase; OKCoin is fine with 20 MB, while Huobi and BTC-China would prefer a smaller increase. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:33:10
No need to rush.  There probably there will be a one-time increase to 8 MB, but this proposal has not been formalized or incorporated into a code base.  Once the smoke has cleared, you should upgrade to the version that is likely to have the most hashpower on its side.  But you should be able to downgrade to the current version at any time before the fork, if it looks like the majority of the miners will stick to 1 MB blocks.
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:15:14


Well, that is a good guess.  But the price is totally arbitrary anyway, so it will depend on the spin that people will put on the fork.
The pessimists claim that the mere fact that the coin has forked destroys the confidence in scarcity etc. so the price of both coins would crash.
On the other hand, most bitcoin users do not follow the technical discussions, and for them a bitcoin would be a bitcoin, so why should it suddenly be worth less?  When a government prints more of its currency and uses it to pay salaries and purchases, it may take some time for its purchasing power to drop to the level expected from its scarcity and use.  The same may happen with bitcoin, so that P_A + P_B may be more than the price P before the fortk.
Also, pundits may explain to the bitcoin plebeians that the change to 20 MB (or whatever is changed by the fork) is very good for bitcoin because it increases the potetial traffic 20x etc.  That may result in the price of the 20 MB bitcon to be higher than the price of the 1 MB bitcoin before the fork.
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:07:31
Are you a programmer?
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:49:22
You may speat for yourself, but I suspect that you have a very mistaken notion of what the typical user thinks and how he would react to a change in the schedule.
(Suppose that the original schedule had a halving every 5 years, and the cartel wanted to reduce the interval to 4 years.  Would users be against it too? Why?)
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:58:13
The miners on the side with 90% of the hashpower can (indeed, they must) jam the other chain so that clients running the other version of the software cannot move their coins until they switch versions.   That will take only 1/9 of their hashpower, and they will collect 100% of the rewards on both chains.  Even of the tides change and those 90% miners decide to switch to the other chain, they would end up with more BTC than if they had not tried to jam it.
@_date: 2015-06-25 10:51:42


Yes, it seems that the LN developers want bigger blocks too.  The thesis that "1 MB is fine and saturation is good" seems to be roughly centered on Blockstream...
@_date: 2015-06-09 05:52:42
Once again, I am not asking whether it will grow or be efficient.  I just want to know whether it works at all. 
If I understood correctly, Coinbase would have to open payment channels with the merchants, locking 30 BTC (the max that each expects to receive) in each of them. Those 90 BTC would have to be provided by Coinbase.  Both merchants and customers would have to trust Coinbase to properly relay payments, and not swallow them.
If that is how it is going to work, then LN is bullshit.  Obviously I must be missing some important detail.  So, how would that example work, actually?
If you prefer, assume 200'000 customers, each considering to spend up to 10 BTC over the next month, scattered over 300 merchants.  Will Coinbase have to borrow 600 million BTC in order to open 300 channels to the merchants, with 2 million BTC locked in each channel?
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:38:28
Where specifically have I been dishonest?  
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:22:43
It was the new service by [Circle.](
BitReserve does a similar trick but in reverse: they let you trade among many currencies (USD, EUR, RUB, etc.) without any forex fees.  How do they do that? They only allow bitcoin withdrawals.  So the forex trades that clients do inside BitReserve are only a game played on their ledgers; they only need to keep dollars (or only euros, whatever).  Presumably they make money on the bitcoin deposits, withdrawals, and eprhaps their own trading.
  (Circle has just announced USD-pegged bitcoin accounts, Coinbase seems to be moving that way too.)
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:28:26
Actually, because he designed, built, and managed SR specifically to facilitate illegal trade.  Remember what was the first product he put up for sale?
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:10:20
Please see other sub-comments. The hypothesis "Elephants land on their feet"  is equivalent to "Elephants don't land on their feet" and to the question "Do elephants land on their feet?"  -- equivalent, in the sense that exactly the same experiments could be used to check either hypotesis or to answer that question.  
In theory, the Scientific Method does not require the scientist to guess or prefer either outcome, and in fact it urges the scientist to be as impartial as he can, to avoid any bias in the interpretation of the results.   
My point is that, in practice, a scientist will usually not bother to carry out such experiment, unless he has a strong hunch, often irrational and unsupported by evidence, that the outcome will probably be "interesting" in some sense.  
That elephant experiment will never be done, unless some scientist with sufficient resources somehow comes to expect that they *will* land on their feet.
@_date: 2015-06-15 07:01:12
From the linked forum post:


From the Coindesk article linked in the above:


From [OKCoin's tweet](


@_date: 2015-06-03 04:00:45


By that logic, BIT shares should be selling for 22 $/share, not 30.  8D
I understand and agree with your arguments.  But markets are irrational, and the price is arbitrary anyway; so I am not sure that the theory would apply in practice...
@_date: 2015-06-06 23:59:29
But how exactly do I pay for those things using the LN? This is a genuine question.  I understood that LN uses "payment channels", which are complicated to set up, tie up bitcoins, etc.  Is LN going to be as simple as using a debit card?
@_date: 2015-06-20 00:03:36
I am an interested skeptic. I post serious stuff here, satire on @_date: 2015-06-22 23:41:49
What would be the point? If you fill a block with your own transactions, you are colelcting the fee that you paid yourself.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:17:08
But that is only ONE settlement system.  The blockchain is being sold as *the* infrastructure for *all* settlement systems that want the security of the bitcoin network(*)
(*) which is like a bank vault with 1-mile thick steel walls, whose lock was made by an obscure company  in China.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:05:43
You can drive a Tesla. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:29:24


[**THis one**]( does.
@_date: 2015-06-01 11:55:14
So you are saying that Coinbase and Bitpay will do exactly what banks do... but with bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:11:51


Totally, absolutely not.  The demand will vary unpredictably and significantly, minute by minute.  See for example [this graph](  And, when the demand is close to the capacity (which should be the "market equilibrium", if there was one), even relatively small surges in demand create backlogs that  take a long time to clear.


I give up.
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:15:25
Just to be clear, I don't mean "how will it make money".  That of course is what "success" means to startps, but for bitcoin would be "useful to mankind" in some sense.  
One problem I cannot get over is that the price is currently defined by speculation, which of course assumes that the price will be higher at some future time.  But the price cannot increase forver, so once it is clear that it will no longer increase, every investor will dump, and the price will crash.  Then it will be a ponzi game, or the "unexpected hanging" paradox: if people figure out that it will crash next month, everybody will want to dump now...
@_date: 2015-06-04 22:40:01
It is 1/20 of the hashpower that is controlled by [a miner who has 20% of the hashpower](
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:30:56
Just fantasizing...
Human imagination is incredibly limited.  Even those speculators who are supposed to be imaginative, like sci fi writers, cannot imagine a future too different from their present, or from realities that they knew.  That is painfully evident when one reads old sci fi books, like Asimov's.  His characters fly across the galaxy at hyperspeed; but behave, think, and talk like New Yorkers of the 1950s--1960s... Ditto for Star Trek, Star Wars, etc...
@_date: 2015-06-18 21:27:39


I already gave my approal to the increase to 8 MB at a predefined block number.
(Oops, I posted with the wrong account.  Hang on a minute...)
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:39:17
I have no strong feelings on the block size per se.
However, it is naive to think that hard forks will never be needed in the future.  Only three things are certain in this world: death, taxes, and software bugs.  Moreover, bitcoin still has many serious flaws looking for a solution; and it is quite possible that some other cryptocurrency will bring some "killer feature" that would make bitcoin obsolete.  If the bitcoin protocol cannot change, it will die.
So, for the good of the project, instead of fighting hard forks, bitcoiners must learn how to make them happen in the least traumatic and effective way possible.   The block size increase would be a good exercise, precisely because it is not urgent and so it can be planned with more care than a "fire extinguisher" fork like that of 2010.
@_date: 2015-06-25 12:15:54
Gavin does look vaguely lizard-like, don't you think so?
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:52:49
The voting by proof of work would be the majority miners jamming the blockchain of the minority, by mining enpty blocks and orphaning all "honest" blocks in it.  It is unlikely to be necessary, since the minority will switch sides as soon as it realizes that it cannoy become a majority. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:13:03
Good idea! I used to explain why it was important to have a fixed hard block size limit common to all players.  But, on second thought, watching the the collapse of bitcoin will be much more fun if it fails for such a banal error, instead of something serious like centralization or price crash.  Go for it, boys!
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:50:24


Because there will be no transactions paying anything but the fixed fee; and, if there were, and they included them in their blocks, the blocks would be rejected.


Do you really know how the bitcoin network works?
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:45:26
Even simpler: just do the 8 MB hard fork now. Then, if and when IBLT or some other solution is ready and tested and approved, do whatever it takes to deploy it.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:23:03
It is simple mathematics.  If there is a backlog of transactions that lasts for hours, the average wait in the queue must be about half of that. (How much exactly depends on how exactly the incoming traffic varies after the backlog started.)  
The fees have no effect on the average delay, only on individual delays.  If the average delay for the transactions that are issued during a jam is 1 hour, then about half of those transactions will take longer than one hour to confirm, even if they all pay 1000$ in fees.
EDIT: Dynamic fees will be self-defeating.  Your wallet looks at the queue and figures out that paying 0.50$ will put you in front of the queue.  But the wallets of other clients will then pay 0.60$ to get in front of you, and your transaction will be deyed all the same.  RBF will only make this problem worse, AND force clients to remain connected in order to use it.
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:39:58
It is my understanding too.  But many people seem to think that it *must* be done this way -- because "hard forks are bad", or perhaps because they think that it would be convenient for users who do not upgrade in time.
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:30:35
It is a planned stress test.
@_date: 2015-06-29 03:13:12
Is anyone working on a beer-to-beer electronic cash system?
@_date: 2015-06-04 18:51:28
Here are some links to get started:
@_date: 2015-06-04 19:48:10
You mean Tim Swanson, or Jonathan Levin?
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:21:30


Not the *normal* transaction time, but the transaction time when the traffic approaches or exceeds the capacity of the network.
You can see that in car traffic.  If a car trip across town takes 40 minutes with nearly empty streets, it will take only a little longer when the amount of traffic doubles, or grows 10 times.  
But when the amount of traffic T in a road gets close to some magic value C -- the road's capacity -- you will see traffic jams arise here and there.  If there is a traffic light that lets up to C = 20 cars per minute go through, then as long the traffic is less than that, every car will go through as soon as the light turns green.  But if 27 cars happen to arrive in the same minute, 7 of them will not make it and will have to wait for the next green light.  
As long as the cars arrive at an *average* rate T that is less than the roads's capacity C, the jams will be temporary, and eventually will clear up.  The closer that T is to C, the bigger will be the jams (more cars piled up) and the longer they will take to clear.  As soon as the jams start to appear, the trip time starts to grow to much more than 40 minutes. One needs to do some statistics or simulations to tell exactly how bad things become, but a typical result may be that, when T is 80% of C, the trip will take one hour, and when T is 90% of C, it may take three hours.  
But when T exceeds C, the situation will become *infinitely* worse: instead of temporary jams that clear up after some time, there will be a permanent jam, with a line of cars that just grows longer and longer and spills over the access roads.  If T is 30 cars per minute and C is 20, the line will grow by 10 cars every minute.  The average trip time then becomes infinite: the later you arrive at that road, the longer it will take for you to get through it.
When that happens, one solution is to widen the road (increasing C).
The city of São Paulo solved it by restricting use of cars to only some days of the week, depending on the last digit of you license plate (thus reducing T).  
Another way is building an extensive subway system (also decresing T).
Trying to draw the analogy with bitcoin:  T is currently 35-40% of C, but increasing fast -- and it *should* increase, because the number of users must.  
The big-blockians are proposing to "widen the road", by increasing the block size to 8 MB.  However, 
some city councilors oppose the plan and claim that it is very dangerous, because no one has ever tried to make *that* road wider before, and who knows what could happen.  Perhaps small cars will get crushed in the traffic.  Or people who grew fond of the narrow road will be so disgusted that they will leave town.  Because of such warnings, many citizens now are against that plan.
Those coucillors say that the right solution to the traffic jams problem would be to build a good subway system, so that most citizens will hardly ever need to travel by car.  But they admit that it may take 20 years to build such a system, and they don't even know how much it may cost.  As a temporary solution, instead of widening the road, they propose to put a traffic cop at each critical intersection, and let the drivers try to bribe the cop to let them jump the queue at the traffic light.  That jostling of course will not change the average trip time; but eventually (those councillors say), the bribes will get so high that many drivers will move out of town, thus reducing T.
@_date: 2015-06-14 16:53:14


Sorry, I was looking at January 12.  ;-)
Guys, come on, the price has dropped, hugely.  That is why those who look for VC investment are talking of "blockchain without bitcoin,"  even though they know that the network will be totally insecure if the price drops to 50 $/BTC or less (because there will be more hashpower idle, for sale at scrap metal prices, than mining the chain).
Perhaps there will be another bubble, sure.  But that is expectation, not fact... 
@_date: 2015-06-27 02:02:43
So, is bitcoin now a property of Blockstream?
@_date: 2015-06-14 02:20:37


Still there is a subtle but important diference between "Buying a computer from Dell through Bitpay" and "buying a computer from Dell with bitcoin".  In the first case, when you click "pay with bitcoin", Dell's website points your browser to BitPay's website telling them the amount in USD;  Bitpay tells you the price in BTC, you send the BTC to Bitpay, and Bitpay tells Dell "custome paid", and later wires USD to Dell's bank account.  
Note that Dell never touched bitcoins, and does not even know how much BTC you paid.  The difference is important, because, when bitcoiners say "Dell accepts bitcoin", they want the listener to think that Dell believes in bitcoin, holds bitcoins, etc.. Which is actually the opposite: even using BitPay, Dell had the option to receive part or all of the payment in bitcoins, but choose to receive 100% USD instead.  
I could buy a computer from Dell USA using my Brazilian credit card, and things would work out the same way: Dell would redirect my browser to a Visa webserver that would in turn redirect it to my Brazilian bank.  My bank and Visa would then arrange to pay Dell in USD.  Later I would settle the bill by paying in BRL.  It would be silly for me to say that "Dell USA accepts BRL" just because I can do that.  They surely don't.
Dell does not believe in bitcoins, and doesn't accept them.  Microsoft, Newegg, Expedia, Wikipedia -- they don't believe in or accept bitcoin, either.  Amagi and Overstock actually accepted bitcoins for some time, but they no longer do.  Only some small merchants, and some companies catering to bitcoiners (such as Trezor and some mining manufaturerrs) actually accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:31:26
BTC-China is now listed as "unknown" in the Blockchain.info piechart.  They had 9-10% before.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:58:42


IT IS NOT A FREE MARKET.
A free market requires that clients are free to choose the supplier.  Bitcoin clients cannot choose the miner that will mine the next block.  Also a free market assumes that clients know before hand what they will get for each price.  Bitcoin clients never know how much they will have to wait if they pay a given fee. 
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:58:56
Thanks for the attention!  (Apart from the fonts, the article was very good, though.  And kudos for  the lightweight pages, without ads!)
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:02:44
Some well-known company (forgot which one) has mines in Iceland to take advantage of cheap power and natural cooling.
@_date: 2015-06-07 16:37:32
Why would users leave the bitcoin system?  Think of who the users are and why they have bitcoin.
If the change does not have immediate effect on users, would the holders make a big fuss and tell everybody to leave; or would they rather minimize it, or even claim that it is good for bitcoin because bla bla bla?
@_date: 2015-06-12 03:49:41
Well, I suppose that you are aware that I don't agree with that...
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:05:58
Most of the data in the blockchain is addresses and signatures, which do not compress very well.
@_date: 2015-06-05 15:46:54
If you don’t believe me or don’t get it, I don’t have time to try to convince you, sorry.
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:14:01
According to the quotes, both Coinkite and GreenAddress are opposed to raising the limit to 20 MB "today" or "in the short term".  But there is the compromise proposal of an increase of 8 MB, and in either case the new limit would become effective only in mid- or late 2016, correct?  Are they aware of that?
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:22:48


That is by no means required if the "miners" are a closed set, mutually known and accepted only by consensus of the group.  Bitcoin's PoW is meant to implement an open distributed ledger with an *open* *anonymous* network.
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:09:12
You don't need lottery.  Currently, the difficulty now adjusted every 2 weeks with the goal of keeping the average block interval at about 10 minutes.  It would suffice to change one constant in that computation to change the mean interval to anything else. 
The problem is that the shorter the interval, the more likey that different players will have different views of the state of the blockchain and of the queues.  That would increase the occurrence of orphans and make the queue priority rules even less predictable than they are now.  Also, one would have to wait for more confirmations in order to get the same evel of security (although the expected total time to reach that goal may be less).
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:30:40


And if there is a useful feature in a pocket calculator, it will be eventually added to slide rules directly. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-04 15:22:57
A branch manager of a not-so-small bank here in Brazil caused its bankruptcy after sinking 300 million dollars of the bank's money into a Nigerian email scam.  
After that example, I would not dare to underestimate the stupidity of a bank manager.  Yet, I doubt very much that one of them would approve a loan of 10'000 $ to someone who has 20'000 $ worth of bitcoin but would rather try to borrow money than sell some of his precious bitcoins.  The manager will think that
(a) the client may be trading bitcoins as a business without a license, and may get swatted at any moment;
(b) the bitcoins may actually belong to a drug dealer, and the client needs the loan to pay a drug debt;
(c) whatever the excuse he gave for the loan, the client intends to use the money to speculate on bitcoin;
(d) the client has no business sense, and soon will lose the money;
(e) the client is a bitcoiner; whatever he does or wants to do, it is safer not to lend him any money.
Not to mention that the bank will appraise the collateral at the value that it is expected to have when the loan expires, not at its current value.  What will be the price of those bitcoins 1 year from now?
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:21:48


@_date: 2015-06-09 16:09:51
With 3 tps limit, Bitcoin is not suited to be a settlement layer either.  
In 18 months that I have been following bitcoin, I have yet to see a consistent "business plan": a spreadhseet showing, year by year, what *could* be the values of key variables -- price and yearly price increase rate, number of users for each major application (each with number of transactions/day and BTC/day), amount invested to date, average fees, etc. 
Like the "business plan" of a startup, that spreadsheet should not be taken as a promise or prediction, not even as a moderately likely future.  Its has only to be self-consistent and not require any miracles or brilliant inventions to be made.  Its purpose is merely to prove that there is at least *one* viable path from the present to a future where bitcoin is a success, in some sense.
I doubt very much that such a path exists.
@_date: 2015-06-30 20:10:40
Nodes cannot arbitrarily reject blocks that do not violate the 'consensus rules' (the rules that say when a block is valid).  If a majority of the nodes accepts a bloated node, those nodes would just be ignored.  And miners can run enough nodes, true or fake, to override the "vigilante" nodes. 
Also, the 'consensus rules' cannot depend on the instantaneous state of the queue, since that state is not recorded in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:14:05
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:01:33
You should specify what sort of data do you have (open,close,hi,lo? daily or hourly?), and what exchanges.
@_date: 2015-06-23 23:55:29


Nota bene.
@_date: 2015-06-05 00:23:14


But when one uses the term "polynomially bounded", one is already assuming that the practical crytography problem with finite domain (on 4096-bit or 1-megabit strings, whatever) has been modeled by a function with infinite domain (all n-bit strings), by extending the finite problem in some way; and then one asks questions about the properties *of that extension*, not for any specific n, but *when n is "just about to become infinity"*.  
That is like pretending that a flyswatter is merely the tail of an elephant, and then asking questions about properties of elephant trunks, and then claming that those questions are terribly relevant for people using flyswatters.
Basic asymptotic analysis of specific algorithms, like "quicksort is O(n log n)", seems on the surface to be relevant to programmers.  However, Knuth borrowed asymptotic analysis from pure math to provide preliminary guesses about the type of expression one should look for when trying to determine a more explicit statement counting formula.  Out of laziness, theoretical computer scientists later decided that finding the asymptotic behavior was the end goal of analysis.  
I have seen programmers waste months, or maybe years, because of this vice of theoretical computer scientists.  Namely, the programmer tries to use an asymptotically optimal algorithm, only to discover that it is actually terrible in practice because of huge hidden constants.  
One case (seen at STOC, FOCS, or SoCG, many decades ago) was a guy who tried to use k-d trees to find the closest match to a given DNA string, in a database of n given DNA strings, all of length d, viewed as vectors in d-dimensional space.  But while the asymptotic cost of the k-d tree method is O(log n), the logarithmic behavior only starts to apply when n is much larger than 2^d; until then, the k-d tree method ends up looking at almost all n strings, so it is no better than brute force search...
@_date: 2015-06-27 00:06:12
Thanks!  I got no reply yet from anyone connected with the project...
@_date: 2015-06-14 03:50:52
It could be that KnC miners are no longer selling their coins on the open market, but are selling them bubble-wrapped as [XBT Tracker One "notes"]( presumably to buyers who would not otherwise buy "naked" bitcoins from the exchanges.
That link above shows trades between brokers, not issuance of notes. (1 note = 0.005 BTC, 200 notes = 1 BTC)  Other sources seem to say that KnC are issuing new notes equivalent to 250-300 BTC/day, perhaps a little more than the 180 BTC/day that they should be mining with their 5% of the total hashpower.
Those numbers seem insignificant compared to the volume of trade at the exchanges; but there is no way of knowing how much of the latter is the same coins being traded and re-traded, possibly hundreds of times each day.  So, who knows, maybe those 180 (or 300) BTC/day are making a difference.
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:50:53
More like a 60% (BTC-China has ~10% but is now included in the "unknown" slice of the BCI piechart.)
@_date: 2015-06-15 06:37:28
Nice, but the payments still require previous lock-up of sufficient funds on *both* chains to cover the payment, no?
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:49:16
My uderstanding is that each sidechain will be designed and maintained by an independent dev team, so the bitcoin protocol cannot assume anything about it.  It will be up to the sidechain to define what its assets are and mean, who are the users, how a user gets or transfers control of an asset, etc.  Also, each sidechain can have its own tokens that are not pegged to bitcoin, and can do anything it wants with them.
With that premise, the condition that "return of the asset to the bitcoin blockchain can only be authorized by its current controller" is inocuous, beause the sidechain can define the "current controller" so as to make it true.  The condition is only that the bitcoins that were transferred to the sidechain, and are actually resising in some address of the bitcoin chain assigned to the sidechain, can be moved only by someone who obtained the private key of that address, somehow -- presumably from the sidechain, by the sidechain's rules.
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:28:56
You are trying to argue that a group of miners who hold a minority of the hashpower can defeat a group that has the majority.  If that is easy, then bitcoin is only a walking zombie.
@_date: 2015-06-24 03:30:52
When the limit was set to 1 MB, it was predicted that it would have to be raised, and everybody was aware that it would require a hard fork.
The community must learn to do hard forks effectively, not avoid them like the plague.  If bitcoin cannot ever hard fork, it soon will be dead by obsolescence.
The block size hard fork should have been a non-event.  A community consensus for an increase to 8 MB was quicly reached, including approval from a majority of the miners.   Once the players realized that the majority approved the increase, amost everyone would surely upgrade to the new version, even those who were against it -- out of self interest.  Then the old branch of the blockchain would die immediately after the fork, for lack of miners.  Those who upgraded would not even notice the fork.  Those few who remained behind would be unable to move their coins, and would then upgrade too, without loss.
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:46:36
Good find!  May be the original...
A colleague of mine was working on "image philogeny analysis" for forensics purposes.  Perhaps I can get him interested on analyzing the genealogy of the multiple instances ofthis logo...
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:18:07
Beware that the wiki is not the last word; someone should check the source code to make sure.  If some miners are violating that rule, as some people are claiming, then it is not part of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:40:28
There would be no financial interest in mining bitcoin; but there may entities wishing to shut it down, or freeze cetain addresses -- for external reasons, financial or otherwise. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 19:35:06


Yes, that is what I see as the only sane alternative.  But it seems that many posters are assuming that transactions requests will be untagged, so that each network will accept or reject them depending only on whether the UTXOs used as inputs exist on the respective chains.  They do not seem to be assuming a soft fork, because in their view the blocks themselves would be tagged (or one network will recognize bothm while the other will recognize only their own).  Yes, this "semi-compatibility" does not make sense for me either...
Someone even claimed that Mircea Popescu has promised that, if transctions are seregated, he will automatically duplicate every transaction from one chain to the other, to frustrate the neat split and force "semi-compatibility".  So I suppose that the signatures in transaction requests for the new coin would have to be salted with the version, to frustrate such frustration attempts...
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:55:40
Someone posted that the last stress test was interrupted after 15% because of technical problems, and will be retried next week.  (But it may have been a hoax.)
@_date: 2015-06-07 11:18:03
I hope you told your ex-girlfriend that her brother needs a money transmitter license.
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:53:32
Can you explain briefly how can an increase in max block size be a soft fork? 
@_date: 2015-06-14 19:17:04


That is the case only if mining power is well distributed.  If (say) 10 entities control 60% of the hshpower, it is much easier for them to agree to some strategy arbitrarily more complicated than "each one on his own".  That is how price-fixing cartels operate in any field. 
(I had first-hand experience as head of department. Some 20 contractors responded to a call for proposals of a major job, and got the forms and specs.  Only one of them submitted a proposal, way above the market price.  For all contractors, the greedy strategy would be to submit a proposal just high enough to make the contract profitable; but, on the long run, they gain more by colluding to jack up the price and distribute the contracts among themselves, so that there is no competition -- even though such price fixing for government contracts is a criminal offense in Brazilian law.)


As I tried to show with [my computations]( a miner who controls 20% of the hashpower (like each of the top 2 Chinese pools now) can have a significant profit by acting non-greedily and refusing to process low-fee transactions, depending on the users' price/demand curve.  While he woud gain more *on the next block* by abandoning that policy, he will gain a lot more on the long run by sticking to it.  
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:12:44


Yes, but I would like to see that qualitative reasoning translated into a numerical example.  For example, given the current volume of e-payments (estimated from the Bitpay data), the floor price determined by that usage would be less than 10 $/BTC.  If the price falls to that level, most mining farms will turn off, and the hashrate will probably drop to 5-15% of what it is today.  That means that there will be 10x more hashpower sitting idle than actually in use.  That means that any entity can cheaply launch a 51% attack by buying or renting that idle capacity, at a small fraction of its original cost.  
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:27:23
Nothing sophisticated.  Suppose that the cartel has 60% of the hashpower:
+ Cartel posts their modified version (B) of the software; tells everybody that they had better upgrade before date T or their coins will be frozen.  "This change is crucial for the safety and stability of bitcoin" etc etc.
+ Until date T, both the old version (A) and the new version (B) behave identically.
+ On date T, the new version of the software switches to the modified protocol, with a clean hard fork (wallets, new transactions, and new blocks that are valid for A software are invalid for B, and vice versa).  The coin splits into bitcoin-A and bitcoin-B, initially with the same state, but with independent branches of the blockchain, that can be  operated with the proper version of the software.
+ The cartel divides their 60% hashpower into two teams: the "saboteurs" and the "workers" with 45% and 15% of the total hashpower, respectively.  The saboteurs keep mining the old branch A of the chain, but ignore any block that the "honest" A-miners find and mines only empty blocks on top of their own empty blocks.  Since the saboteurs have 45% of the power and the honest A-miners have only 40%, even if the latter manage to mine a few blocks they will be eventually orphaned.
+ Meanwhile, the cartel "workers" mine the B-branch.  The B-version of the software will have a temporary difficulty adjustment that will ensure a reasonable block rate even with that reduced hashpower.
Clients, nodes, and miners who have upgraded to the B version will continue using their coins normally, except perhaps for some temporary variations in the block rate.  Exchanges and other services that have upgraded can be used by their B-clients with no problems. A-clients can still execute trades inside B-exchanges, but wil be unable to deposit, and if they withdraw they will receive only B-coins on the B-chain, that they will not see until they upgrade too. 
Clients who are still using version A will see their transactions sit in the queues indefinitely; or be confirmed for a few  blocks, then become unconfirmed again.  If they upgrade, they fill find their (B-)coins still where they were before the fork.  If an A-client receives a payment from a B-client, the B-coins will be moved but the A-client will not see them until he upgrades too. Miners who are still mining the A-branch will see any blocks that they mine become orphans, so they will not get any revenue.  Exchanges and wallet services that do not upgrade see all deposits or withdrawals blocked.  Both A and B clients will be able to trade in an A-exchange, but will be unable to withdraw, until the exchange upgrades too.
Theferore, the best choice of any A-player is to upgrade, the sooner the better.  Miners who are not part of the cartel will want to upgrade too, the sooner the better.  As miners upgrade to the B version, the cartel will shift his power from the saboteurs to the workers so as to maintain a majority of the hashpower on each chain.
A change like delaying the next halving will have no effect on the working of bitcoin, so if the PR is done properly, all clients and services will upgrade -- most before the fork, the rest shortly afterwards -- so the price of the B-coin should be close to that of  the original bitcoin before the announcement.  Meanwhile the A-coin will be left practically without miners but with the difficulty in the stratosphere, so it will be dead.
This is a self-reinforcing attack.  once the players get convinced that the attack *may* succeed (and, as long as the cartel has the majority of the hashpower, it will), they will upgrade before the fork, thus helping the attack to suceed.
@_date: 2015-06-24 22:10:56
But not even the customers know how much they will actually spend in the next month with each merchant, so the hub cannot tell beforehand how much each merchant will receive.  The safe upper bound *for each merchant* will be the sum of all BTC locked up by all customers.
@_date: 2015-06-30 01:18:04
I read the slides and the paper.  You are correct that I do not understand how it will work.  After asking some impertinent questions half a dozen times, and getting no answer, I now suspect that not even the inventor understand that.


I am sorry, but since you started off with a wrong definition of the network's capacity, I don't see what there is more to address.  As I wrote, using offchain "layer 2" services is not using bitcoin, just as using bank transfers and checks is not using cash.
@_date: 2015-06-18 05:02:26


If the Cartel concludes that trying to postpone the next halving is likely to increase their profits, the individual miners will probably reach the same conclusion.


The cartel will argue that NOT POSTPONING the halving will cause miners to shut down,weaken the network and thus destroy confidence in the coin, and cause the price to crash; therfore POSTPONING the halving will strengthen the network, increase confidence, and cause the price to rise.  
@_date: 2015-06-30 06:05:31
The purpose of the "trusted intermediary" of Satoshi's paper was to actually relay the money and to prevent double spending.  Bitcoin was suppose to replace those functions.  
In a "bitcoin for the masses", the government would not be taking on those roles. He would not be an intermediary, and would not check for double-spends. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 03:44:15
Either way, is it a consensus of the the community that they "need to change how they use bitcoin"?  Who decides what the changes need to be?
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:59:58
Presumably this rally is because of the imminent Gemini launch?  Or because the Chinese miners agreed to increase the block size to 8 MB (thus increasing the max throughput to ~20 tx/sec instead of ~2.5 tx/sec?
@_date: 2015-12-07 07:22:52
Just increasing the block size limit to 5 MB would have the same effect on the max capacity as the SW proposal; but it would require only a single-line  change to Core and to all third party software, it would have no unknown side effects, it would preserve the structure of the blockchain, it would have no immediate impact on actual block size, etc..  Granted, it would be a hard fork; but it would be pretty uneventful, because, if the majority agrees to the increase to 5 MB, the opposing minority will have everything to lose by not upgrading, and nothing to lose by upgrading. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 04:28:41
Note that the "shark miner" of my example does not want to limit the block size; he just refuses to include low-fee transactions.  He still wants to include as many high-fee transactions as he can, other things being equal.
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:30:14
It has been proposed many times.  As I understand, it would increase certain risks and costs, more than than increasing the block size. 
You may think of the increase to 8 MB blocks as a reduction of the block interval to 1.25 minutes, maintaining the 1 MB size limit; except that block spacings will be rather irregular -- after 7 succesive intervals with duration 0:00, there is 1 random interval with average duration 10:00. 8-)
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:59:57


Is that right? AFAIK, once the contents of the block changes, those nonces are just as likely to work as any other.
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:39:33
Them being Chinese is relevant because it means that ~60% of the hashpower is held by citizens of a single government.  Presumably, most of their members are Chinese too.  And members of a pool usually don't know what is in the block that they are mining.  And a cartel miner could disguise its identity so that most of its member miners don't know that they are working for a "bad" pool.  And...
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:17:49
You must have pronounced it in such a way that made it sound like "biglietto da cinquecento euro"
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:54:39
For its size, it did have a significant effect, I woudl think.  Let's wait for the analyses.
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:44:52
Not a good analogy because the "patrician" miners are in fact the ones who make all the "food" in bitcoin.  If a majority of them decides to withhold their "bread" (and lock up any minorty miners who would try to make it), the "plebs" will starve...
@_date: 2015-06-22 02:11:16


As I said, it depends on which party needs to trust the other party.  If you send the merchandise before the client pays, then of course you need to know the customer, not the other way around.


Wrong, wrong, wrong.  The goal of bitcoin is only to allow A to send *money* to B without having to trust *a third party* like a bank or PayPal.  Bitcoin has *nothing* to do with trust between A and B.  It has *nothing* to do with trust in the other half of a commercial transaction (the delivery of goods and services), or with trust in investment or safekeeping. 


Indeed it is! And, again, that is why scammers *love* when they learn about this community.


Proportionally, there seem to be a *lot* more scams among bitcoin-based businesses than among businesses in general.  Here is [a very incomplete and out-of-date list](  Many more scams are not in that list because they are "too small" (the cutoff is ~1000 BTC) or because the compiler did not get news of them, or because he just didn't get around to including them.
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:10:00


Indeed, like 4 MB or 8MB.  But the opponents of the block increase always ignore those proposals, and do not make one themselves.   The reason why they oppose the increase obviously is *not* the impact of larger blocks on the cost of running a node.
@_date: 2015-06-24 11:13:26


IIRC, Garzik is at Dunvegan Space Systems, and he supports a block size incerase. He posted a BIP (BIP100) before Gavin posted his.  What is their disagreement, if any?
@_date: 2015-06-13 11:11:19
That was the simplistic method that I had imagined, but then (a) Alice would have to trust that mtBox would forward her payment to Tesco, and (b) mtBox would have to lock an awful amount of coins with each merchant when setting up the outgoing channels, and (c) even though the stores can't lose money, it is mtBox who must guard against double-spends to different merchants.
I suppose that (a) could be solved by some three-way negotiation that prevents mtBox from collecting Alice's money until Tesco is cerrtain that it will receive the payment from mtBox.  And (b) could be solved if mtBox could open the merchant channels with credit.  But if mtBox does not have lock up actual coins with the merchants, then they would not even have a monetary incentive to prevent the double spends of (c). 
Because of these issues, I still cannot believe that the Lighning Network could ever take a significant amount of traffic off the blockchain.
Especially worrying is the need to lock up in each channel an amount in excess of the max expected flow through that channel.  Because of this requirement, I do not see how Payment Channels could be useful for anything other than a stream of many micropayments between two parties, that adds up to a small amount and is expected to be settled in a few hours, releasing the excess amount.  Which seems to restrict their use to very few kinds of services, like erotic videos and voice, "elevator" music, perhaps gaming and gambling... 
@_date: 2015-06-20 00:02:21
I know; I was just ponging the previous joke.  Should have put a ";-)", sorry.
@_date: 2015-06-12 03:39:25
I suppose he meant "miners" not "nodes".
He did not mention any N-block delay after the threshold is reached before enabling big blocks.  I hope that there will be none, of course.  Oh, and apparently he is going to keep transaction requests compatible with both chains, and use the same wallet instead of making a versioned copy at the fork.
I am trembling with joy in antecipation.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:35:55
But, depending on how the new software is written, *transaction requests* may cointinue to be valid to both versions, and may be executed on both chains.  
Some posters seem to think that this double-execution would be good.  To me, it seems total nonsense. 
Moreover, in the case of a block increase, without special precautions the blocks mined by the old miners (all with 1 MB max size) will be recognized as valid by the new miners too, except for the fact that the new miners also recognize as valid another chain branch (that starts with an oversize block) and is longer than the old miners' branch.  If the latter happens to grow longer, even the new miners will abandon their branch and try to extend the old one.  
That would be chaos.  A hard fork must be triggered by block number (not some unpredictable criterion, like 80% adoption) and must be a complete and permanent network split.
@_date: 2015-06-27 12:03:52
I do not understand why there need to be special support for sidechains in the core.  From reading the Oct/2014 whitepaper, I would think that an "export peg" can be executed by simply sending bitcoins to an address that is controlled by the sidechain, and the "return peg" by the sidechain sending the coins that it controls to an address controlled by someone else. 
The bitcoin protocol should not concern itself with how the sidechain manages the bitcoins that have been exported to it; specifically, how it generates and manages the private keys of the addresses that it controls.  This would be my interpretation of "isolation of the different philosophical and technical theories".
@_date: 2015-06-20 13:46:03
Please, Wikipedia articles are not meant to be used to push the agendas of special interest groups.  Bitcoin is still struggling to be a niche currency; it has enormous volatility, high risk of theft or accidental loss, limited facilities for conversion, low liquidity, uncertain future...  Pretending that it is a Reserve Currency is a bad joke, or worse...
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:26:55
Could someone please list who are the "bitcoin core devs"who oppose the block size increase, *and what company they work for*?  Thanks...
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:37:38


This will not work.  The incoming transaction rate is not steady (check the black solid curve in [this plot](  If the long-term average is near the capacity (as it would be, if the market worked), a backlog will be formed after any temporary surge in demand, or any block that takes too long to be mined.  Then some of the owners of those stuck transactions will re-issue them with increasing fees to get them out of the backlog.  The "right" fee then will be the fee that is within the ~2500 highest-paying entries in the queue *plus* the entries that will be issued by the other users, who are tring to out-pay everybody else.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:37:21
I was told that a hard fork is a change in the protocol whereby a block may be valid under the NEW protocol but invalid under the OLD protocol.
If this defiinition is correct, then any increase in the block size limit will require a hard fork, since a block &gt; 1MB wil be invalid in the old (current) version, but may be valid in the new version.
Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:47:23


Besides, many of his critics have similar special interests too.
@_date: 2015-06-30 17:07:48
Bitcoin died because it became obvious that it would never have more than a few million full users worldwide, even with all expansions and tricks.  With 1 user every 1000 people, there was no reason for merchants to bother accepting it.  Once traders and investors realized that, the price crashed to below 1$, industrial miners shut down for good, service companies went out of business, and most exchanges closed.  For a few years after that, bitcoin was still mined, traded and used by a few thousand computer geeks, for technical interest.  But eventually they too moved to other things.  The last block was mined on November 29, 2017.
The scalable cryptocurrencies that are now seeing increasing use had still to be invented at the time.  Tadashi Wakamoto's whitepaper about Beetcoin was published only in late 2018, but KittyCoin (which was created as a joke, a few months later) has many clear advantages and is likely to take its place. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:26:10
The stress was very weak, unfortunately.  From [this plot](
Estimated network capacity:  85 kB/min
Typical input tx rate before test: 30--50 kB/min
Typical queue size before test: 300--600 kB
Peak input tx rate during test: 126 kB/min (~50% over capacity)
Peak queue sizes during peak test: 12 MB (14:00), 14 MB (21:30)
Sustained input tx rate for several hours after peak: 70-100 kB/min
The test demonstrated beautifully the instability of the queue size when the input rate is near the capacity.   Between 18:00 and 21:30, when the input rate increased from ~75 kB/min to ~112 kB/min (a 50% increase), the queue grew from ~3 MB to ~14 MB (a 370% increase).
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:40:35
The plan actually is to enable bigger blocks only after (say) 5000 blocks have elapsed since the first "800-in-1000" event occurred in in the blockchain.  That way, when that event occurrs, everybody will know that they have ~30 days to upgrade, or they will be unable to use their coins.
What is dumb is the idea of keeping the transactions compatible, so that, after the chain forks, each request can be executed on both chains, on the new chain only, on the old chain only, or on neither chain.  If that is how they are going to do it, I plan to order a 50 lb sack of popcorn and an industrial-size microwave oven.
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:45:02
The same who claimed that Coinbase was licensed to operate in NY and CA, that USD deposits were fully insured by the FDIC, that BTC deposits were fully insured...  All "true but"s
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:14:35
It is not that simple.  The reasoning behind "N confirmations is OK" has to do with the probability that the last N blocks of the blockchain get overriden by an alternate branch.  
A malicious miner who wants to override the last block B[k] to insert a double-spending transaction would have to mine two blocks B[k] and B[k+1] before the rest of the network does it.  If he has (say) 20% of the total hashpower, he has a significant chance of succeeding, just by luck.  If he wants to override the last two blocks, he needs a lot more luck. Security is not just the amount of work.
Another way of saying: the "rewind attack" exploits the "lumpiness" of the mining process.  Since the competition is done in big lumps (bocks), a weak miner may sometimes seem to make more work than what he actually did, just by luck.  By distributing the work over more blocks, the process becomes smoother, so the weaknes of the attacker is much more apparent. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:04:10
Uh, thanks for reminding me.  I should be rooting and cheering for the 1 MB team.  Their proposal for the inevitable disaster promises to be much more entertaining. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 09:55:18
Oh, thanks for the note!  I do not read that forum regularly and I hadn't noticed it.


I know, but let's simplify the example and assume a single hub.


Whatever the detailed path, the users will eventually have to pay the transaction fee F of every blockchain transaction that will be required to open, close, and maintain the channel(s) between them and the hub(s).  I have seen estimates of F = 100 USD...


I am willing to trust that the mechanism work as claimed, but I am trying to understand how the system is supposed to work from the user's perspecive:  who has to lock up bitcoins, how much, for how long, when the merchants will get their coins, etc..  
I am still waiting for a worked-out example, *with numbers*...
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:22:08
Formulating an hypothesis that needs to be tested is the same thing as choosing a yes/no question.   My point is that, in reality, one needs to have also a strong expectation that the answer will make the experiment worth doing.   
I would not choose that question about elephant reflexes as my research topic, because I believe that the answer will be most unremarkable hence not worth the time, cost, and mess of doing it.   
Ten years ago, I would not have created an online encyclopedia that anyone could edit anonymously, because I believed that such a thing would only produce a large collection of bathroom graffiti.  Luckily for mankind, some guy believed, against common sense, that it would work; and so he took the time to set up an experiment to prove his hunch.
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:05:30
Until some release, the only recommended client was one which also ran a full node.  Then lighter clients became available, that do not keep the whole blockchain and hence cannot work as a node.  
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:49:44
If you don't want answers, don't ask questions.
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:29:29


Of course they are protected in normal civil suits, but (even in the US) directors and majority controllers can be charged with embezzlement, criminal mismanagement, insider tradinge, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:25:55
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:12:44
Thanks.  Good to know that the bitcoin protocol is now in the hands of the brightest minds of our planet.
@_date: 2015-06-19 02:48:35


I don't see how this could possibly work.  A free market requires that clients  know ***in advance*** the price and quality delivered by each supplier, and ***are able to choose the supplier***.  Neither will be the case with the bizarre fee policies of bitcoin.  Have you really worked out that scenario?  Do you dispute Mike Hearn's description of the "crash landing"?


That could be achieved by simply setting a *significant* minimum fee for service, say equivalent to 0.05 USD, *as part of the protocol* (so that miners could not include low-paying transations even if they wanted to).  
But the fee must be predictable by the clients even without using a computer, like that of credit cards and bank transfers.  It should be A + B x V where A, B are constants and V is the total transaction amount (excluding outputs that are obviously return change).  And transactions that pay that minimum fee must have a "guaranteed" seating in the next available block, first-come-first-served, modulo network delays: that is, its should ***not*** be possible to jump the queue by paying a higher fee.  
Such a "bus ticket like" policy for the fees is mandated by common sense and elementary business sense. To make this guarantee possible, the max block size must be increased.   Small blocks, coupled with the current allegedly "free market" policy (which, I insist, is anything but)  would make bitcoin unusable for all clients.
@_date: 2015-06-22 02:24:10
Perhaps I misremembered.  At some point in this video, she talks about Huobi's mining efforts.  But the vdeo is too long (1h16m), I don't know where exactly is that part, and I don't have the time (and patience) to watch it all again.  If someone finds the video interesting enough to watch, could they please clarify the matter?  Thanks...
@_date: 2015-06-06 15:00:53
But is no more...
@_date: 2015-06-14 03:26:31
Apologies for the undue generalization.  (I have been unduly generalized myself, I must be more Zen perhaps...)
Smart contracts in the blockchain can express symbolically conditions that involve the real world, but, being just virtual artifacts cannot determine whether those conditions were met or not.  They can't help with the missing newspaper or the malfunctioning part from China either; only real-world entities can do that.  The blockchain may replace only the notary public perhaps (and, even then, it is unclear whether it would be an improvement, since private keys can be stolen).  
The supposed security of the blockchain against abusive government acts has yet to be tested.  If someone managed to steal a few hundred kBTC from some powerful Chinese guy, the Chinese government might want to freeze those coins indefinitely.  They could in theory do that by forcing the Chinese miners to reject any transaction that tried to spend those coins, and to orphan any block containing such transactions.  Even if the Western miners split the coin (thus violating the protocol themselves), the Chinese miners would have enough power to block the stolen coins on the Western chain too, or to jam it completely to sabotage the split.
The Chinese miners could even force the inclusion of an exception table in the protocol, that allows those coins to be transferred back to the original owner even without a valid signature.  If the same method could be used to recover the stolen MtGOX coins, perhaps even the Western miners and users would agree to such a thing.  It would frustrate the very design purpose of bitcoin, and those who value bitcoin because of that goal would leave; but those seem to be a small minority of the users, and the rest -- investors, day-traders, drug buyers, miners, startups -- will want the show to go on...
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:35:01
That's the point.  Good money is money that is NOT a good longterm store of value.
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:04:00
A free market is not "anything can be sold".  It is a market where there is no artificial barrier to the entry of new suppliers, suppliers can set the price of their product as they please, and customers can freely choose among suppliers.  
Setting a common standard for products that have to interoperate -- like lamp and lamp sockets, power plugs and sockets,  internet packet formats, character set encodings -- is not something that "free markets" are good at.  The most effective way is for some standards organization, like ANSI or ISO, to give some experts the task of defining a good standard, based on inputs from suppliers and customers.  If the standard is good and the organization is respected, many suppliers will adopt it, and then the rest will have to follow.
Whenever two computer systems have to share a database or exchange information, it is necessary to have a fixed maxmum size for items and messages.  Any programmer should know why that is important.  The internet has a maximum packet size for that reason. 
One of bitcoin's problems is that does not have a respectable organization that could lead the setting of standards like the maximum block size or a standard transaction fee formula.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:03:28
I lived 13 years in the US.  I never heard of "Austrian economics", never heard anyone use the word "fiat" for the thing that everybody call "money", never imagined that a tech community would have any sympathy for people like Ross or Charlie... Whereas in these forums those things are almost mandatory badges of membership...
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:06:47
If a surge of demand came up this month, it would be a PR disaster anyway.  If there is a minimal consensus to increase the limit, the code will be deployed soon, but the increase will be programmed to be effective only many months from now. (At first it would be after some specific block number to be mined in Q4/2016, but now there is talk of triggering the change by some complicated method, based on adoption of the new code by miners.)
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:25:37
Well, our divergences have deep roots, so it won't be easy too either side change the other's mind.
However, as I understand it, *any* increase of the block size limit will require a hard fork.  That is not a political or economic question, merely a technical one.
The consequences of blocks filling up are also easy to predict, to a certain point, from technical considerations alone.  The "hard landing" post by Mike Hearn explains them clearly, and they cannot be denied.


"Bitcoin to scale" does not mean increase the block size.  I cannot understand the Blockstream position except by assuming that they want the blocks to fill up.  Perhaps to get support for their other proposals for scaling?


The way to get a quick consensus is to ask privately the major players first, and only then make a public proposal that they may approve.  
As I see it, it was the Blockstream devs who created a big fuss and raised the specter of coin split, about what should have been a no-brainer technical decision.
@_date: 2015-06-20 02:59:37
If transactions per day keep growing as they have been for the last year, they will start getting close to the networks capacity in about 3 years.  Then there will be occasional backlogs lasting hours, perhaps days.  But they will impact only free or low-fee transactions; transactions with normal fees will be slightly delayed only.
The relay nodes will have almost 3x the current internet and processing costs.  The blockchain will grow almost 3x as fast in terms of disk size.
So, in order to remove one potential source of trouble, the block size limit should be increased at least to 2 MB, at most 2 years from now.  That would remove the risk of backlogs, and of free transactions being rejected due to queue overflow.
The devs could also raise the minimum fee to (say) 0.05-0.25 USD, and enforce it strictly.  This would brutally reduce the number of transaction per day.  Besides avoiding network congestion and backlogs, this solution would also lighten the load on the relay nodes. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:15:37
Actually, asked by CoinTelegraph or Coindesk,  BTC-China and Huobi agreed that an increase would be necessary, only 20 MB is too much.  OKCoin tweeted separately agreement with 20 MB.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:30:15
[Inside The Bitcoin Mine Of Antpool &amp; BW.com](
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:28:59


The govenment would not need to know private keys to confiscate things.   It could do that even with bitcoin.  It suffices to add an exception table to the protocol, that makes certain specific transactions invalid, or other transactions valid even without a valid signature.
The Chinese government could do this today.  Last I checked, 60% of the world's hashpower was controlled by Chinese.  Those miners can force every client in the world to accept any version of the software that they choose, by holding his bitcoins hostage.  If the Chinese government really wanted to confiscate someone's bitcoins, they had only to send an email to five people...
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:11:46
I first learned about bitcoin around November 2013, when he tweeted to his followers that he was putting all his savings into bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:49:30
 &gt; 2nd Market won most of the 50K in the second auction
Actually it was a syndicate of small biders (who could not or would not bid for a 2000 or 3000 BTC block) that was organized by SecondMarket, for a 1% fee over any blocks won.   In my uderstanding, it would be unethical for SecondMarket itself to bid at the auction, either separately or as  party in the syndicate.
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:46:41
It is still a bubble.  Can't you understand that, the higher the price rises, the **worse** a bubble gets?
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:55:33
The BTC-China pool had ~~~20%~~ 10% of the hashrate until a week or two ago.  They changed their id tags or something recently, and are now lumped by BCI into the "unknown" wedge.
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:40:49
Eh guys of twisted minds!  It is not about falsifying results, but about taking the trouble to do an experiment only because of a hunch, without sufficient evdence or argument, that the answer may be X rather than Y.
Like when Einstein and Eddington went to take photos of a solar eclipse because of their belief, totally without evidence, that the sun's gravity would bend light from the stars.
A scientist will not throw elephants from a two-storey building unless he somehow is quite sure that the result will be different from what common sense and science would suggest.  That irrational prior belief will not make him less honest, whatever the outcome; it would only make him either an idiot or a genius.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:46:35


Erm.  I think I see the problem now.
@_date: 2015-12-10 02:38:20
That Tech Crunch page seems to be toxic to my Firefox browser.  Could someone please give a one-line summary of the interesting stuff?  Thanks...
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:10:06


Not much of a compliment, methinks...
@_date: 2015-06-05 17:48:52
A more accurate headline would be: "BTCChina and Huobi agree that the current 1 MB block size limit is too small, but think that 20 MB would be too big"
(OKCoin's opinion was not sought, of course: it became a non-exchange after it was excommunicated by Jesus.)
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:06:04
Yes, but bitcoin investors who are aware of the present inflation also know that it will gradually decrease, and believe that the price will skyrocket eventually. 
@_date: 2015-06-13 17:13:20
My browser says that it can't connect to lists.blockstream.com.  My be my problem; I will try from office later.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:58:52
My guess is the Chinese reacting to the joint statement by the 5 major Chinese pools that they back an increase of the max block size limit to 8 MB.  The timing of the intial rally was just right, and the Chinese exchanges seemed to be leadin it.
That joint decision sort of puts an elephant into the living room where the "new devs" and the "ex devs" were throwing pies at each other over that issue.
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:27:08
BFL was the MtGOX of hardware it seems.  They have been forced by the FCC to refund clients, and seem to be slightly bankrupt now. They are still fighting a paper war with the ~~FCC~~ FTC in the courts.  
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:51:34
See my other comment.  He does not like bitcoin's PoW and suggests some kind of lottery (?) instead to reward miners.
Also, what he liked in bitcoin was that it was outside control of any government.  Obviously, if he takes office, he will have to at least qualify that position.  Just like Yannakis.
@_date: 2015-06-09 22:44:10
I don't think that it will be a good idea.  AFAIK, the block size limit exists mostly for these reasons:
+ as safety measure (protection against miners creating oversize blocks that kill smaller clients and nodes, either by accident or by malice) 
+ as a parameter that programmers can use when planning memory allocation, data structure formats, etc., both in the bitcoin core and in all programs that process the blockchain;
+ as a parameter that determines the maximum amount of memory and bandwidth that relay nodes and blockchain-processing programs need in order to run, so that people can properly configure their equipment and internet connections.
For these purposes, the limit must be a constant fixed at compile-time, that everybody can memorize, and changed only when a hard fork is needed, just for this purpose or for other reasons.
A gradually varying limit would be ill suited for the above purposes, and does not seem to serve any other purpose. 
If the limit has to be variable by a programmed formula, it should increase by discrete jumps every few years, rather than gradually -- e.g., double the limit at the same time as the reward halvings.  
A gradually increasing limit would be politically bad, because it requires agreement on two parameters instead of one. 
Also, any rate of increase that is chosen may turn out to be too small or too large; there is no rational way to defend any number rather than any other.  (A constant value like 4 MB, in contrast, can be defended based on current statistics plus a safet margin.)  If the rate turns out to be inadequate, another hard fork will be needed to fix it.
@_date: 2015-06-20 01:00:45


The "stress test" was more like a "tickling test" because it used mostly free transactions.
Curbing spam and other "junk" transactions seems desirable for several reasons.  It keeps the *actual* block sizes small, reduces the rate of growth of disk space and network bandwidth, and of the time spent validating transactions.  Databases grow more slowly and get faster.  Blockchain analyzers have an easier time.  Interpreting blockchain statistics becomes quite a bit easier.  And so on.
Free and almost-free transactions are an economic aberration, because one group of people (investors who buy the mined coins) is paying for the fun or another group (the people who issue transactions).  The latter should bear at least a fraction of the cost.
Free and almost-free transactions will disappear if the network becomes saturated, which the small-blockians want to happen as soon as possible.  One of the new core developers guessed that, in their model, transaction fees should add to 3--6 BTC per block, on the average; which means 0.30--0.60 US$ per transaction at the current price.  Raising the block limit to 8 MB will push this event several years further in the future, but will not avoid it.  So, you can forget micropayments and any other applications that depends on free or almost-free transactions.
So, my min-fee proposal is merely to implement only part of the inevitable fee hike in the next 6 months, rather than 2-3 years from now, when the 1 MB blocks may fill up.  
The min-fee could be implemented together with raising the limit to 8 MB.  It may even make that fork be a real coin split event: but that could be good! There may be two bitcoins, one with hard 0.10 USD minimum fees, no spam, and 8 MB blocks, the other with free transactions, all the spam, and 1 MB blocks. Everybody would get equal amounts of each coin, and then the free market would decide how much each coin would be worth.  People would be able to sell their 1MB-coins and keep working only with 8MB-coins, or vice versa.  Then... 
Nah,  forget it, people should not be given the freedom to choose; the devs know what is best for them... ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-03 22:17:23
Zero is plural.
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:18:34
Well, I believe it will, and it would be pointless to try to argue why.  I am just a spectator.  You must convince the core devs...
@_date: 2015-06-02 11:11:30
It is easy to create a hard fork of bitcoin. Just copy the code; make some incompatible changes to the format of blocks and transaction requests, effective after  the current block number N; set up a mining node and a relay node; and voila, you have a clone of bitcoin. 
You can then create an exchange where anyone  can buy and sell your coins, and you can sell the coins you mine.  Good luck finding buyers, though.
@_date: 2015-06-22 15:43:47
It was meant to be an *experiment*.  Unfortunately people have hijacked it and are trying to use and sell as a product...
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:14:08
To tweak the difficulty, all of the "old siders" must upgrade their software too, and it will be a hard fork because the "new old" chain with a low-difficulty link would be invalid by the "old old" protocol.  So that would create another fork, and only make the problem worse.
The most basic principle of bitcoin is that the majority of the hashpower decides which blockchain is the right one. One cannot replace that criterion by "majority of exchanges", "majority of nodes", or any other criterion without making the centralization problem even worse.
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:56:41
I spent far more time on the Voynich manuscript.  Also a lot on the cold fusion saga.  And on the manned x unmanned space exploration debate.  And on the Fukushima disaster (way on the other side of worthless, that one).  Learned **a lot** from each of them.
@_date: 2015-06-22 03:47:46
Thanks! (I suppose you switched Starbucks and Rakuten.)
But at some point some or all of the parties need to open payment channels to the hub, and vice-versa, correct?  Don't they have to lock bitcoins to do that? 
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:41:59
I have tried to explain the above point to the proponents (and also the risk of a rogue miner using oversize blocks to knock competitors off the market, or sabotage bitcoin by excluding clients and nodes). But [I am getting tired of it](  Let the "free market" decide. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-29 06:02:15
The video must have been describing the Payment Channel, a way of using bitcoins to make many small payments to the same person without having to wait for confirmation.  
To set up a Payment Channel, the sender must lock up a certain amount X for a specified time T.  Then he can make many payments to the recipient, as long as they don't exceed X.  At any time before T, the recipient can close the channel and collect the total paid P, and then the balance X - P will return to the sender.  If the receiver dies or forgets to do that, at time T the whole amount X returns to the sender, and the receiver gets sorry for his loss.
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:17:31
From what i have read, it seems very likely that the maximum block size will be increased from 1 MB to 8 MB in Jan/2016.
The "reference" implementation (BitcoinCore) is controlled by a handful of developers; but since it is free software, anyone can make a copy and modify it at will, changing the protocol or not.  Or write another implementation from scratch.  The difficult part is convincing other people to use the result.  
There is a relatively popular alternative version of BitcoinCore, called BitcoinXT.  It was created by Mike Hearn, and is now supported by Gavin Andresen, who until recently was the head developer of BitcoinCore.  BitcoinXT will soon be (or has been) modified to allow 8MB blocks after Jan/2016 (until then, it will behave essentially the same as BitcoinCore).  
@_date: 2015-06-26 21:24:09
[Here is one](


    For a corpse being brought to the grave,
    his beer was seven jugs, and his bread 420 loaves.
    Two barig (72 l.) of hazi-barley, one woolen garment,
    one lead goat, and one bed the undertaker took away,
    and one barig (36 l.) of barley the person(s) of ... took away.
    When (for burial) into the reeds of Enki a person was brought,
    his beer was seven jugs and his bread 420 loaves.
    Two barig of barley, one woolen garment, one bed, and one chair
    the undertaker took away,
    and one barig of barley the person(s) of ... took away.
    The craftmen {ferry boatmen} were the ones who did get,
    and it was paired-workmen who
    the ferry toll for the main gate (of the netherworld) did get.
[Here is another one](
    May they give ... two reed mats [to] Ur-Gu-gu, the janitors!
    Two items of barley flour from L?-dingir-ra.
    ... to inspect and control the plowmen.
    Sixty-eight workmen paid per day for carrying har-an-plants, 
    30 workmen paid per day for removing earth, 
    20 workmen paid per day are stationed at the inlet of the canal....
    Nine dead sheep from Lugal-sum-ma-ti 
    ... two dead goats ... 
    Ur-Nin-mug has received [in exchange for a large quantity of garments]
    L?-sa-lim the son of the sanga-priest ... 
    and Gem?-En-lil his wife have bought a house 
    in good repair or in ruins [i.e., as is], 
    the purchase price being 18 1/6 shekel silver.
Note the coexistence of barter payments with payments in silver.  Those texts are from Sumer, which was already a millennium or two after the Mohenjo-Daro civilization of India was exporting glass beads to the surrounding areas.  And several millenia after unknown peoples were trading obsidian, tin, copper, silex, etc. all over Europe. And so on...
In the 16th-17th centuries, trade between the Europeans and American Natives was by barter.  Food, beaver pelts, tobacco, brazilwood and much more was traded for steel knives and fishhooks, mirrors and glass beads, etc..
His description of tribal economy is wrong too.  Hunter-gatherers economy is based on sharing, not on mental accounting of debts and credits.  The hunter who catches a big animal will share with other hunters who came back empty-handed, without any accounting of who owes who.  Because he knows, even without thinking, that tomorrow may be his turn to be unlucky; and that the tribe fares better if resources are shared, even if the sharing is strongly unbalanced, than if unlucky or less able hunters are left to starve.  There is no parasitism, because each hunter knows that if he fails at the hunting, the tribe may starve, and then he will starve too.  Adapting to the concept of "property", "credit" and "debt" has been one of the major cultural traumas in the Westernization of Native Americans.
@_date: 2015-06-20 04:50:37
I have asked four or five times to Blockstream people how the Lightning Network would work on a simple example with 3 consumers and 3 merchants, connected by 1 hub.  Not the tech details, just who would lock up how much when, and when he would get  the leftover money back.
I never got an answer. In fact that question invariably ends the conversation.
As far as I can understand, customers and merchants will end up with large amounts of bitcoins locked up in the network, for long periods.  I don't believe that it would be viable at all.
@_date: 2015-06-03 03:40:31
I would guess that (a) he had a stronger definition of "consensus" that does not include the bitcoin "consensus"; or (b) he had more restrictive assumptions about the operations that the system could use; of (c) he assumed that computers could be arbitrarily fast, so PoW would not be possible.
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:36:06
Yes.  He definitely had to investigate.
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:46:16


It had the support of the mining majority, and respects the most fundamental idea of the bitcoin protocol: the right blockchain is the one that has a majority of the hashpower working on it.  Not a majority of the clients, not of the nodes, not of the exchanges, not of the core developers, or whatever. 
 The "bad guys" will be the minority miners who tried to violate that principle, by claiming that their coin is the "right" one.
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:45:29


I know that many bitcoiners think that way.  It is one of the two reasons why scammers absolutely *love* bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-17 15:33:30


And, when it will finally happen, and a 51% cartel abuses the system for their benefit, they will say that it is OK, just free market in action... 8-(
@_date: 2015-06-17 22:01:45
Ok, but what if you, the boss of the Chinese Miners Cartel, just postpone the next halving for a teeny weeny 2 years?  That would prevent a massive miner shutdown (especially among Western miners!) that would weaken the network and thus destroy confidence in the coin.  So that change would be good for bitcoin, and will surely be endorsed by N+1 Bitcoin Auwhorities and praised by CoinJest! The price surely will go up ,up, up!!
@_date: 2015-06-22 15:59:35
that tradeblock page has skipped blocks 362050, 362051, and 362052.  Yet I saw one of them show up, mined by KnC.  What gives?  The trst has been too stressful for certain analysis sites?
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:47:53
If LN uses payment channels, as I understand them, that SEND will be only one step in the middle of a complicated negotiation with the receiving party that will require a couple of blockchain transactions.  
Payment channels, as I understand them, are worth using only when there are many payments in a short time between the same two parties, e.g. in micropayments for streaming services.  
So, either I did not understand how payment channels work, or LN does not use payment channels, or LN will not be useful for the payments above, or something else.  Which is it?
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:21:40
According to [these plots]( the peak transaction rate was ~0.13 MB/min, compared to typical rate 0.03--0.05 MB/min; while the (nominal?) capacity  of the network was ~0.085 MB/min.  So it was a relatively lame test (only 50% above capaity, for 2 hours).
Still, the queue grew to a peak of 12 MB (compared to a typical size of ~1 MB), and there is still a 5 MB backlog.  The backlog is taking a long time to clear since the incoming tx rate is still 0.075 MB/min, well above the normal 0.030-0.050, and almost equal to the network capacity 0.085 MB/min
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:58:11
Is there *any* currency or commodity that is fungible according to that definition?
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:06:57
A majority attacker can keep the old chain jammed for as long as it wants, *while collecting all the block rewards in it* -- so, if the attack fails for some reason, the attacker still will make *more* revenue than if it behaves nicely.  
If the cartel stops jamming, the other clients can start using again the old chain; but then the cartel can resume the jamming where it left off, and, in a short time, will orphan all the transactions that were confirmed during the pause, causing chaos to the clients.  The clients cannot avoid this, because they are programmed to always use the longest branch of a normal fork, which will be the one created by the cartel. 
Meanwhile the new chain will be working normally, and any client who upgrades will find his coins over there, unencumbered and accepted by any service or merchant that has upgraded.
Self-interest will tell all players to upgrade to the cartel version; resisting would be financial suicide.
@_date: 2015-06-22 03:02:40
I saw a tweet of his about that.  I interpreted it as a (bad) argument against a block size increase, i.e. "IF there is a hard fork to increase the block size, what is next -- increase the 21 M limit?"
Was he more explicit elsewhere?
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:24:20


They will take a little more, so there will be (say) 80,000 TH/s of saboteurs mining on the old chain, against 70,000 of "honest" old miners.
Having a majority of the hash power on the old chain, the saboteurs will mine only empty blocks (or blocks full of their own transactions, if needed to disguise them) and ignore any block mined by "honest" miners.  These blocks then will be orphaned, and their rewards will be collected instead by the saboteurs (these rewards will be worthless if the sabotage suceeds, but that is not why they are doing it).  Any transactions that were confirmed by the honest miners will become unconfirmed again, possibly after several confirmations.  Discounting the orphans, the effective block rate will be just 20% of the normal one, and anyway all the blocks (except perhaps for a few at the end) will be empty.  The "honest old" miners will colect *zero* rewards and *zero* fees.
Meanwhile, with the remaining 190,000 TH/s in the new chain, the new miners will be collecting all the rewards there, once every 10 minutes, with no competition from the "honest old" miners and from the saboteurs.
In case of a blockchain war, if the new miners have a majority they will earn *more* "good" BTC than if there is no war, no matter what the outocome; and any "honest old" miner who defects will temporarily earn *more* BTC than he did before the fork.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:53:37
Bitcoin is not secure against a 51% attack either.  Nothing is absolutely secure. 
Having a closed known set of contract miners is not the same as trusting ONE central authority. 
@_date: 2015-12-09 19:51:42


I understand that the number was meant to be used for fiscal purposes only.
@_date: 2015-12-20 15:10:42
I did assume that you were joking...  But even avoiding capital gains, he still has to justify the half of his bitcoin revenue that he did not lose ...
@_date: 2015-06-25 03:40:34
While the various tools like RBF and CPFP allow clients to bump their transactions over others in the queue, they do not solve the congestion problem.  They only change the order in which transactions are processed, but do not reduce the average delay.  
These tools actually make the problem worse because they destroy the little that remains of the "first-come-first-served" policy.  Thus clients who cannot remain on line to take part on the melee will be left behind -- even if they have urgency and could pay more.  Those tools also make guessing the right fee *more* difficult and frustrating.  
The bitcoin policy of variable-fee and priority-by-fee is just **stupid**. Any street vendor knows that fixed price and first-come-first-served is the way to go.  As long as the network is not congested, the bitcoin fee policy is ineffective.  Once the network gets congested, that policy will only turn the huge jam into a huge *chaotic* jam.  For an ordinary client, using the system in those conditions will be *more* difficult with that policy than with the commonsense one. Those who believe that the "free market forces" will "discover the right fee" in those conditions just have not understood the problem.
@_date: 2015-06-29 16:14:09
I wonder haow many Greeks know about bitcoin but have not heard of Neo &amp; Bee.
The Bitcoin community never apologized to the Cypriots for Neo &amp; Bee.  On the contrary, CoinDesk even tried to defend Danny Brewster after he ran away.
@_date: 2015-12-08 01:15:55
Well, that would require people to actually leave their basement comfy chairs and do some real research (talking to people, running polls, etc.) to find out who will be using the blockchain for what, and how much they would be willing to pay for it.  As for any other service, that "market research" should be a prerequisite for any fee-setting decision -- whether direct, or indirect through the block size limit.
I believe that people outside the community, like Tim Swanson, have tried to get this information, with partial success.  I suspect that no one in the community wants to know that information, because it will surely be depressing and embarassing.  
IIRC, it is known that a large fraction of the traffic is dice throws by SatoshiDice and the like.  It is quite possible that another large fraction of the traffic is fake -- transactions generated by one or two people with the intent of simulating growth.  Another large fraction must be coins being shuffled between wallets belonging to the same person, e.g. cold/hot storage flow and other housekeeping.  
So, it is likely that the maximum revenue that can be extracted from the users, by setting the optimum fee, is still too small to make a difference.  That is, it is possible that, if the minimum fee was set to 0.20 USD, the traffic would drop to 10'000 tx/day, so that the total fee revenue would be 2000 USD/day or ~12 USD/block -- still negligible compared to the block reward.  In that case, the fee could be useful only as a way to exclude "unwanted" transactions such as dice throws.
In any case, it would be better to set the fee to a level that limits traffic to (say) 0.100 MB/block, than to set the block size limit to that value.  In the first case, clients would kow the fee beforehand, could prepare transactions offline, would not have to keep monitoring their progress in the queue, and would all get the fastest service possible (inclusion in the next mined block) almost guaranteed, for that fixed fee.  In other word, bitcoin would still work just as it does today, only with a higher fee.  
@_date: 2015-06-23 03:29:36
Turn it upside down, and it is advanced.
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:37:15
Electric cars, if they continue to get cheaper.
@_date: 2015-06-04 04:18:37
Simplicity, and minimzation of code changes, should be the overriding concerns.  A fixed increase to 4 or 8 MB seems safest.  After N years, if it is insufficient, it can be changed again.  If bitcon can surve this hard fork, it can survive another hard fork every N years; which will be needed, almost certainly, for other reasns.
The various dynamic proposals add complexity but do not provide the main advantage of a fixed maximum size, which is to make the memory needs of nodes and clients predictable.
It is impossible to predict how the traffic will evolve, so a proposal of increase of X then Y% per year may turn out to be excessive or insufficient anyway.  And it will probably require a lot of changes in programs out there, to cope with dynamic block size.
@_date: 2015-06-13 17:33:59


From what I have read, the payee will receive instantly the signed thingy that will enable it to get the payor's bitcoins, and any additional payment through the same channel; but it would still take the usual six confirmations, after the channel is closed, to actually get control of the coins in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:03:02
In a truly intelligent society there should be no currency.  Each intelligent agent will know precisely how much of anything he deserves to use or consume.  So, when he needs a car, and deserves it, he will just walk to the car shop, get into the car that he likes, and drive away, without having to register or pay anything.
@_date: 2015-06-04 18:42:53


Well, the problem is that -- here too, like everywhere else -- the "good news" are actually bad news when you look more closely.
Sorry to disappoint you, but Microsoft and Dell do *not* accept bitcoins.  They only accept *dollars*. Even from bitcoiners who want to spend their bitcoins.  
When you click "pay with bitcoin" on Microsoft's site, they redirect your browser to a Bitpay server, telling it the price to be paid *in dollars*. Bitpay -- not Microsoft -- converts that amount to BTC, takes your bitcoins, checks for double spends, then tells Microsoft "customer has paid", and then wires *dollars* to Microsoft's bank account.  Microsoft *does not receive any bitcoins* . They had the option to do get some bitcoins instead of dollars from Bitpay, but *they chose not to accept bitcoins, only dollars*.  By using Bitpay, Microsoft in fact made it clear that *they do not want bitcoins*.
And that holds for Dell, Newegg, Expedia, and most significant merchants that bitcoiners say "accept bitcoins": they don't.  The number of merchants that *actually* accept bitcoin is very small; and the amount of e-commerce that gets paid in bitcoin, even counting what gets converted to dollars by BitPay and the like, is very small.  (According to BitPay's numbers, their 50'000 affiliated merchants receive less than 2 USD/day of "bitcoin" payments through them. on average.)
In fact, not even the first "bitcoin purchase" in official history, the famous "10'000 BTC pizza", was paid with bitcoin!  I learned that the other day: one bitcoiner offered 10'000 BTC for a pizza in some forum, another bitcoiner accepted them, and ordered a pizza to be delivered to the first guy -- *paying for it with a credit card.* 
It is no wonder that the price continues to fall in spite of so many "good news".  By now, even bitcoiners have learned to discount 95% of the "good" from such news...
@_date: 2015-06-14 01:18:26


Bitcoin is as secure as a bank safe with one-mile-thick steel walls, whose lock is made by a Chinese company that sends a technician every evening to disassemble it for oiling and maintenance, while the bank is closed.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:07:59


Oh, and I never seen someone being labeled as "statist" either. ;-)
Seriously, posts that defend law and government are rare, and usually get replies calling the author "statist" or worse.  No, sorry: this community is not at all representative of society, not even of the computer tech/science community.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:01:33
You should specify what sort of data do you have (open,close,hi,lo? daily or hourly?), and what exchanges.
@_date: 2015-06-03 23:55:20
The bitcoin protocol should be a rigorous specification of when blocks and transactions are valid.  That could be implemented as a set of validating algorithms, but should be separate from the reference implemetation (which is just *one* way of producing such valid blocks and transactions).  
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:53:29
My point is that there is no "within" in bitcoin.  Mike and Gavin (who was the main developer of that reference implementation after Satoshi, from the early days until recently) are just proposing their version, and the Blockstream guys are proposing theirs.  Neither is more "legitimate" than the other, except that the latter has the advantage of inertia -- it is at the same package on github, with the same name, whereas M&amp;G's version is a new package on  github, with a different name.  But the "old" version too is being modified, and some of its planned changes will require a hard fork, too.
@_date: 2015-06-30 21:51:59


The consensus rules are used by nodes and clients to check whether the blockchain is valid or not.  This checking happens every time that they load the blokchain or receive a new block from somewhere else, which may be years after the block was created.  At that time, the state of the queues has long been lost.  That is why the consensus rules (that define what is a valid block) cannot depend on any information that is not in the blockchain itself.
@_date: 2015-06-02 11:13:16


Forks will eventually be necessary to fix flaws and to improve the protocol so as to remain competitive with future altcoins.  (The common reply to the criticism "a better altcoin may one day supersede bitcoin" used to be "any truly good features of an altcoin can be implemented in bitcoin too".)
Instead of fighting forks, bitcoiners should worry about how to make them happen in the least traumatic way possible. E.g., convince everybody to upgrade early, provide libraries to help the adaptation of independently developed software, get major services and miners on board, and even jam the old chain so that it dies immediately after the fork.
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:51:14


But what if there are not enough high-priority transactions in the mempool, but lots of low-priority ones?  Ideally a good miner shoudl fill the rest of the block with the low-pri ones.
As I understand it, not everying in the code is part of the protocol.  The protocol should be just that part that defines when a block or a transaction is valid, plus the longest-chain-wins rule.  Therefore, a rule that depends on the state of the mempool or other volatile/inconsistent state of the network cannot be part of the protocol.  
Indeed, when a node needs to validate a mined block, the state of the queues at the time the block was assembled is no longer available.  So that priority rule cannot be checked.
The decision whether a block is valid/invalid must depend only on the information recorded in the blockchain, from that block through the Merkele links up to the genesis block.  
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:21:24
There is *still* a significant backlog, although they may be only zero-fee transactions.  Can we tell how much they spent in fees?
@_date: 2015-06-13 20:21:51


The protocol says that the miners decide, by majority of hashpower voting, which transactions get included.  [Even a miner who controls a large but minoritary slice of the hashpower may be able to raise the fees to some extent](  A majority group of miners, if they collude, can set the fees like any monopoly could -- that is, to the value that maximizes their total revenue, irrespective of the number of users who can afford it.


Excatly.  In the case of bitcoins, it is much easier because the industrials are also the legislators who will decide whether a change is to happen or not. 
If you doubt that, imagine trying to push for a change in the protocol that *reduces* the block reward to 5 BTC/block. 


The miners can run enough nodes to keep the network going.
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:26:25
As Mike emphasizes, this equilibrium will be highly unstable and uncontrollable.  This is not his speculation, it is a well-known feature of queues (or car traffic) when the incoming rate is close to the capacity.  And, if there were an equilibrium fee, the incoming rate would be close to the capacity.
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:49:55


That is not part of the design.
@_date: 2015-06-25 11:53:34


That is the idea, but I was thinking of a shorter interval, 1 or 2 years.
The developers would have to organize themselves to define the next set of changes six months before the scheduled fork, post the new version for testing and validation, fix bugs, retest, etc..  At worst, the new version can be just like the previous one, only with updated N0 and N1. 


I think that triggering a fork by voting on the blockchain is a terrible idea, because it makes impossible to predict if and when the change will occur. 
Programmed death would remove the need for voting at scheduled revisions.  Everybody would have to upgrade, even if the new protocol is identical to the previous one, just to update the N0 and N1 for the next period.
For unscheduled changes, the devs who want a change should just post their version of the software, with a fixed activation block number N0, and try to convince people to switch to it.  If, sometime before N0, people see that a majority have upgraded to that version, the minority must upgrade too, by self-interest.  If only a minority has upgraded to that verion, they should quickly downgrade to the original version, again for self-interest.
@_date: 2015-12-25 13:27:21
Luke has a point, to a point.
Bitcoin was created because Satoshi believed that the world needed an open-access payment system of a certain kind, and he thought that he had found a way to build one that worked.  Satoshi did not intend to discriminate payments according to their purpose, and indeed bitcoin has no way or pretense of doing that.  Any application that needs that kind of payment system is a legitimate one.
What makes Luke (and many others, even skeptics like me) uncomfortable is that there are many applications that do not need that kind of payment system, and should be using networks of their own; but are using bitcoin instead, simply because it is ready, open, and nearly free.
But it is useless to put the blame on those "freeloading" applications.  One should put the blame on causes that one can fix -- if not in bitcoin, maybe in the next generation of cryptocoin.  
One thing that is quite wrong is that the cost of processing the transactions is not being paid by the users, but by the new investors who buy the 3600 bitcoins that are created daily by the miners (and are mostly unaware that they are not investing, but merely subsidizing 99%% of the costs of a wasteful and senseless industry.)  In retrospect, the fixed block reward may have been a mistake (but one that still has no known fix, even for future coins).  
Another big problem with the design is that it has a perverse "dis-economy of scale":  the more users the system gets, the more expensive it gets *per user*.  That's because all transactions have to go through the same bottleneck that is the database of unspent transaction outputs; and because the blockchain is accessed and transmitted as whole blocks, whose size is proportional to traffic, instead of single transactions. 
(On the other hand, the miner profits are strongly affected by economies of scale: all other things being equal, the larger miner has better profit margins than the smaller one, and therefore can grow faster and get the newest equipment. That is why mining became centralized, and it can only get more so, no matter what the developers do.)
Where I disagree completely with Luke is on his ideas for 
getting rid of free-loading non-payment use.  Artificially imposing a totally arbitrary block size cap, so as to make block space a scarce resource, would prevent many *legitimate* uses, and is unlikely to stop non-payment use or to raise the fees to match the true cost.  The "full but non-mining" relay nodes, that in his view should block the "spam" before it gets to the miners, are aberrations that break the protocol, and simply should not exist.
@_date: 2015-06-22 15:36:56


As I have already explained, even if all miners post "my minimum fee is 0.005 BTC", a transaction that pays 0.010 BTC may stay *forever* on the queue, as soon as a persistent backlog develops.  On the other hand, every miner will be better off processing a transaction that pays 0.001 BTC, if there are not enough higher-fee transactions to fill his block.  So, a "minimum fee" posted by the miners is useless information.
@_date: 2015-12-05 17:51:48
Right -- it is more efficient *for them*.
@_date: 2015-06-25 12:47:22
Why is this comment being downvoted?  If I am wrong, say why, to validate Vaultoro's claim.  If I am right, ... ?
@_date: 2015-06-09 04:19:10
But the next fork is not going to be a soft one...  
That method seems worse than scheduling the fork at a fixed block number in the future. It forces the fork to  happen when a significant percentage of miners (and an unknown percentage of clients and nodes) are still running the old version.  Anyway, it is not an election because it does not prevent the minority from persisting on their branch.   
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:37:50
Why do web designers think that hair-thin fonts in small size, light gray on a white backgound, are the best way to attract readers to a blog?
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:32:11
Timeo bitkoinos et dona ferentes
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:26:20
The worst case is having two *semi-compatible* chains so that when you issue a transaction request you will have no idea of whether it will be valid and executed on chain A, on chain B, on both chains, or in neither.  And you will have no way to recover from whatever mess you happen to get yourself into.  (The *really* worst case is when the core devs will try to hide from you that there are two chains, because that would be an "image problem".)
Assuming that the network is cleanly split, and transaction signatures are version-salted so that no "bad samaritan" can set up a gateway automatically copying requests between the two chains, and the "true bitcoiners" have made such a fuss about the fork that both chains retain a substantial fraction of the hashpower, then the two versions will be as independent as bitcoin and litecoin.
You will be able to send either version of the coin to other addresses by using the proper version of the software, and the receiving party will have to use the same version in order to see and use them. 
Perhaps there will be at least one exchange opting to operate on each branch; or some enterprising exchange may offer trading in both coins.  In either case, you must be careful to use the right version of the software when depositing coins at the exchange; and any coins that you withdraw will be available only in the corresponding branch. 
Each coin will have its own market value, that will evolve independently. I guess that the sum of the prices of "bitcoin A" and "bitcoin B" will be at most equal to the bitcoin price before the fork; but, considering that the price is not pegged to anything, and that the price of bitcoins packaged as GBTC is still 70 $/Ƀ higer than market,  anything may happen.
However, if the transition is properly implemented as a neat network split, it is quite likely that almost all players will upgrade their software to the new version, or almost none will.  As soon as a miner or holder of bitcoins perceives that it will be in the minority side, he will almost certainly swicth before the scheduled forking time, out of self-interest; and will then speak out in defense of the majority side.  Then one of the two bitcoins will immediately become unusable and worthless, and almost all players will go through the fork without a glitch or jolt, and without having to do or know anything special.
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:37:03
But a hub-and-spoke payment system can be much more efficient by not using bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:43:27


Are you sure?  Merchants would not accept Bitpay payments if Bitpay took 1 hour to tell them whether the customer paid or not.  If a customer cheated BitPay, I would expect BitPay to swallow the loss
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:10:11
It is not meant to be used outside it anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:48:39
The purpose of the hard block size limit is to prevent a miner from appending to the block chain, by malice or accident, a block that is too big for some players to handle, but still small enough to be accepted by a majority of the miners.  If the limit is fixed, all players can make sure in advance that they have enough resources (memory and bandwidth) to process any block.  If the limit is variable, they have no way of knowing that.  If blocks start to get too big, clients and nodes may start to fail one by one.  How would they handle that?
A constant hard limit is the least complicated solution.  Another hard fork will be required when that limit will become too small, yes; but hard forks will be necessary ayway for bitcoin to evolve.  It is naive to expect that the protocol will not need any changes for the rest of eternity, even though there is a growing call for it to be radically repurposed (from p2p payment system to inter-bank settlement system).


Unfortunately such solutions do not exist yet.  It looks like the Lightning Network will not be useful for ordinary payments; at most, it will be useful for certain kinds of streams of micropayments.
@_date: 2015-06-25 11:37:11
It does not solve the problem of independent forks (or emergency unscheduled forks); but it makes *scheduled* forks safer by ensuring that the old branch will die immediately.
(And independent forks are not a "problem": bitcoin being open source and unpatented, anyone has the right to create a fork of it, at any time.  If such an independent fork gains sufficient acceptance to survive, then the original coin was probably doing something wrong...)
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:17:47
Wow. If that works, how is BitPay still in business, then?
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:22:57


Yet, every now and then I see some newbie asking in this subreddit why block N+1 has a timestamp earlier than block N.   The retrochronical miner seems to strike at least once a few thousand blocks...  
@_date: 2015-06-09 06:41:57
A transaction request is the message that a client broadcasts to the network when he wants to perform a transaction, that is, move coins. 
Each input or output of a transaction specifies an address.  There can be many different transactions that send coins to the same address. Each input (which is an output of a previous transaction) must be signed with the private key associated to the corresponding address.
Roughly, addresses are like bank account numbers, and a bitcoin client issuing a transaction request is like a bank client depositing in one account a  check that draws money from another account.
I believe that the cleanest way to implement the fork is to change the format of the transaction requests (not the addresses), after the fork, in some trivial way, such that the old version of the software rejects the new requests as invalid, and vice-versa.  
That is, at the fork each bank account is split into two bank accounts, each holding the same amount of money. Both account clones have the same account number; however, checks for the "new" account are redesigned so that the cashiers working with the "old" accounts do not recognize them, and the cashiers of the "new" accounts are instructed to reject old-format checks.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:24:44
Sorry about that.  After I put BitReserve I realized that it was not it, and I had to google some more for the Circle reference.
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:23:27
Actually DC electric motors were used since 1830s or earlier, but did not see much commercial user because they had to run on batteries.  Fluorescent tubes were invented around 1840.  The first incandescent electric lamps were developed in the 1880s.  Shortly after that Edison created the first electric distribution network, using DC current, mainly for lighting.  Westinghouse instead offered AC that allowed also transformers, induction motors, etc.  After an intense commercial "war" around 1890, the AC system won and Edison's DC system was abandoned.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:23:08
My guess is that it was the joint announcement by the to Chinese miners that they support an increase of the max bock size to 8 MB.  The timing fits, and the Chinese exchanges (who own some of those pools) seem to be leading the rally.
@_date: 2015-06-04 01:10:08
Can't that be prevented by including a timestamp or "check number" in the transaction request, which is covered by the signature, and ignoring any transaction that is identical to a previously committed one? 
@_date: 2015-06-27 14:41:27
There is a "law of headlines" (forgot the name) that applies here too. 8-)
@_date: 2015-12-23 10:39:31
Thanks for the clarification! 
Of course by "block size" you mean "block size", not "block size limit", right?  
And what does exactly this means: "unable to handle bandwidth requirements associated with block size higher than max 4MB (more realistically 2-3MB), due to the GFW"?  Given that they have 66% of the hashpower on the other side of the GFW, would big blocks mean less money for them, or for the other 34%?
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:26:44
It is possible, but only to the extent that we do not know whether Kleiman was able to (a) conceive the bitcoin protocol, (b) write that paper, and (c) code the first implementation.
When I was in the US I got to know a couple dozen people who could easily have done (a) and (c).  There must be many thousands like them, in all developed countries.  But the ones that I knew all had PhDs and worked at good universites, computer research labs, or top IT companies.  I have a hard time imagining someone with Kleiman's history and health condition doing (a) or even (c).
To do (a), Satoshi needed theoretical knowledge of networking, analysis of algorithms, cryptography, and probability, as well as intuitive (if not formal) understanding of game theory.
 
To do (c) he needed to be a fairly decent C++ applications programmer, of course; but also be familiar with the relevant libraries for internet communications, cryptography, and a bit of statistical processing.  
As for (b), most of those people I mentioned above would have written even better papers, and most would have used LaTeX.  Satoshi's paper shows some experience with academic research writing style; not like he had published articles in journals, but like he had written some papers for conferences or as internal research memos.   
Anyway, it takes some practice and/or education to write in that style.  Craig, for example, hasn't mastered it yet.   It seems unlikely that Kleiman could write in that style, or felt the need to.  He probably did not write or program while he was in active duty, and after his accident he became a self-taught forensics and security consultant, which probably did not require him to write papers or code either.  I would expect him to write his ideas in a blog page, or something like that. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:16:39
B: dollars C: euros
@_date: 2015-06-09 04:59:15
What strawman premise?
I am not asking whether it will grow, or even whether it will be efficient.
I am asking only for someone to explain how LN would work on a simple example with one hub, 3 customers, 3 merchants, 10 BTC to spend for each customer.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 06:45:59
Suppose Alice thinks that she *may* spend *up to* 10 BTC at Rakuten and/or Tesco, in one or more payments, over the next week ; and that she has to use the LN, with Bob as an intermediary.  
In my understanding,  Alice would have to lock all the 10 BTC for a week to open a channel to Bob; and Bob would have to lock 10 BTC for a week, to open a channel with Rakuten, and another 10 BTC with Tesco, also for a week.  These 20 BTC would have to be lent by Bob, because Alice's 10 BTC cannot be touched.  
Then Alice buys 0.1 BTC at Tesco, then changes her mind and would like to spend the other 9.9 BTC at Versace, which is connected to another hub.  But she has to ask Bob to please cash her 0.1 and close the channel, or wait a week for the channel to unlock automatically.  Bob then has the same problem with the channels to the two merchants.
Note that there were 6 on-chain transactions to process just 1 payment (Alice to Tesco).
If this understanding is correct, then the LN will be useless.
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:55:40
It seems you still don't understand the schema?  While the cartel saboteurs (45%) are waging war against the orthodox rebels (40%, minus defections) on the minority branch, the cartel "workers" team (15%) and the ex-rebels are peacefully mining the new branch, undisturbed.  
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:30:08
What is the OP trying to say, then?
@_date: 2015-06-10 21:33:15
Especially if the miner got one of his blocks orphaned (2-3 happen each day) and thus lost ~5700 USD because of a delay of 1-2 seconds...
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:44:58
In the bitcoin system there is no concept of "ownership".  The blockchain is like a locker room and your private key is like the key to a locker.  Neither can be used to prove that you own what is in that locker. 
The bank who wants you to provide collateral wants to know whether you obtained possession of the thing *by lawful means*,  such as buying it or receiving it in exchange of goods and services, making it yourself, etc., rather than by theft, extorsion, etc. (This is what "ownnership" and "property" mean.)  And it also wants to know that the thing is not encumbered by your debts of contract obligations, by having been used as a collateral in other loans, etc..  
The blockchain and your private key do not contain any of that information, so it cannot provide it.  To prove ownership, you need outside evidence like receipts and contracts.
Just moving the coins or signing a message does not prove that you know the private key; you may have asked a rich friend to do you the favor.  Even if you do it in front of the bank manager, in a way that prevents tricks, all it will show is that you have control of the coins, not that you own them.  And you may not even be the only one to know their key.
Moreover, to be useful as a collateral, the bank will require you to sign a contract that will enable them to own and take possession of the collateral   in case you fail to pay or disappear.  That is easy if the collateral is a house or car; not so with bitcoins.  If, after cashing out the loan, you move the coins to another address, and run away or die, they will not be able to do that.  So they should require that you lock them with a time-release transaction, multisigned by you and the bank, that will move the coins to the bank after the loan is due. Which of course defeats the purpose of getting the loan...
@_date: 2015-06-25 11:56:53
Then please list the people who are against a block size increase, and their affiliations.
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:51:03
Actually it is not clear that people would have to wait for 60 confirmations.  They would have to wait for more than 6, but maybe 18 (average 18 minutes) would be just as safe as the current 6 (average 60 minutes).  one would have to do some probability computations, and Iam too lazy now...
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:14:18


And that is why most really revolutionary scientific discoveries were done without any research funding, or with funding that was supposed to be for something else entirely. 8D
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:02:42


If the blockchain contains a transaction with an unspent output that is valid for the new version of the software, but gibberish for the old one, there will be a blockchain fork (and a bad kind of fork, without clean segregation of blocks and requests).  Wouldn't those changes to the protocol do that?
@_date: 2015-06-08 14:50:21
I don't know about "most of it" (he managed to get some out before the collapse), but he did have "a six-figure amount" of euros or dollars stuck in MtGox, and was quite upset about it at the time.
I was a fan of Rick when the Pirate Party's platform was strictly copyright law reform (as he had pledged it to be).  I can't admire his personal infatuation with this "spontaneous ponzi".  I hope that it does not spread to the Party...
@_date: 2015-06-04 05:42:23
Where is the LN whitepaper, if any?
@_date: 2015-06-14 04:24:06
That information comes from their Q4/2014 financial report filed with the SEC, and from Patrick's statement to investors, quoted [**here**](
@_date: 2015-06-22 11:28:57
The new ~~owners of the bitcoin network~~ core devs have decided that the network should be allowed to saturate so that every bitcoiner will be forced to move to the LN.  Which is still a vague idea, but no worry, once everybody is on board they will find a way to make it work.
Sounds like the FAA blocking the development of the Boeing 747 to force all airlines to adopt the soon-to-be perfected [nuclear powered airplane](
@_date: 2015-12-20 17:57:27
[**Here**]( is a confirmation, for whatever it is worth.
PS. Of course, if transaction A turns out to be invalid -- for instance, because an input does not exist or has already been spent, or a signature does not check -- then B will never get confirmed either.  So, ordinarily A and B should be issued by the same person.  Also, any node who receives B before seeing A may decide to drop it.
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:14:55
Anyone can make a copy and change it as they like.  Ditto for BitcoinQT.
@_date: 2015-06-20 13:28:44
I don't know of any proposal, but for months I have been arguing that a 51% cartel could impose such a change to the reward halving schedule (or any other protocol change that they thought would be profitable for them).
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:42:53
Everybody who is debating this problem understands that "3 tx/s" is the ***average*** rate over a long time period (a day or more), for the part of the network that is the bottleneck (the miners).  If the miners happen to mine 2 consecutive full blocks 1 minute apart, the average *in that minute* will be ~5000 tx/min, or ~80 tx/s.  But that is irrelevant when discussing how many users the network can support.
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:14:11


Well, the opponents of a block increase also have faied to address the financial and public relations risks of a permanent backlog.
It is as if some people's busines plans *depend* on the network becoming saturated soon, and on such a permanent backlog arising...  
The risks of a hard fork are being exaggerated.  If the date when the fork will become effictive is known several months in advance, by the time that date looms closer there will be a clear majority side, and then almost everybody in the minority side will switch shortly before the deadline.
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:41:41
Some rules to recognize scams:
+ main officers are anonymous ---&gt; scam.
+ main officers cannot be identified as real persons --&gt; scam
+ main officers have no verifiable résumé --&gt; scam
+ main officers have no management experience --&gt; scam
+ main officers were implicated in scams --&gt; scam
+ you will not be able to sue the main officers --&gt; scam
(there is more but it should suffice)
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:27:08
It is like PayPal in that it will depend on everybody connecting to a few hubs and essentially depositing they BTC in advance.  (Yes, I know that the mechanics are very different -- with payment channels, time-locked transactions, etc.)
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:56:36
That was noted on the previous test too.  Blockchain.info could not handle the load, and even crashed.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:15:42


Seeing the way offchain services seem to be moving, this may not be true.  Right now there are services that take your USD, convert instantaneously to BTC, show your balance in BTC, keep that balance pegged to USD (i.e if price doubles your BTC balance gets halved), and will convert instantaneously to USD if you want to withdraw or send USD.  Such services do not need to actually convert your USD to BTC; it makes more sense for them to keep the USD, unconverted.  
@_date: 2015-06-10 10:33:35
The top 4 miners (all Chinese, I have read somewhere) have now 57% of the total hashpower.  If they agree, they can impose almost any change that they want to the protocol, including raising the 21 million limit (which is an arbitrary number anyway, chosen for obscure programming reasons).
Many people will say that such a *mining majority* can't change the protocol, because the nodes and exchanges have voting power etc..  It is just wishful thinking: a mining majority can ruin any player who does not do as they want, while the other players cannot harm them except by committing mass financial suicide.   Giving decision power to a mining majority is in fact one of the fundamental ideas of the bitcoin protocol.
But of course a mining majority will not use their power to do stupid things: like all cartels and monopolies, they will use it to increase their revenue in the long run, and do whatever it takes to reach that goal -- such as driving competitors out of business and preventing new ones from entering the market, lobbying for laws and regulations that favor them, etc..
Thus, they probably will not be interested in raising the 21 million limit, stealing coins from clients, performing double-spends, or any other things that would give them small immediate gains but ruin their business.  They may want to raise the block size limit to 4MB now, and more in the future, but only because it is an obviously needed fix.  But they might find it worthwhile to postpone the next halving for a couple of years, raise the minimum fees and outlaw free transactions, "orphanize" blocks found by particular miners or containing particular transactions, etc.. Even seize coins from certain accounts, if their government commands them to do so.  
A few thousand bitcoiners who are into it for "ideological" reasons may find those changes unacceptable and stop using bitcoin, but the vast majority will not mind and will conform to them.  Even praise the changes as being "good for bitcoin", out of self-interest.  The cartel will not care about losing the "ideologues", as long as their total expected revenue is expected to increase.
 
@_date: 2015-06-15 13:08:11
It would not have significant impact on them, right? 
Even of they run full nodes (which they have no reason to, AFAIK), chain blocks must be a tiny fraction of their internet traffic; the bulk must be API calls from traders and chart sites.
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:07:15
The pizza was indeed bought with bitcoins -- but from another bitcoiner, not from a pizza joint.  That is what makes "the first purchase with bitcoins" much less interesting than what it sounds.
And you still could not honestly say that "HTC accepts euros".  Just as you cannot say "Dell accepts bitcoins"
@_date: 2015-06-05 00:50:30


The attack can be carried out even by a miner who has 0.1% of the hashpower, only it will take him a week or so to mine a toxic block.  (Note that the attack will not cost him anything, because he will collect the ~6000 USD reward for that block, just as if he had mined honestly.)  
Several of the slices in that piechart are partly or mostly concentrated mining farms, controlled by one person or a few partners.


At present, the pool's central computer (sometimes just  Raspberry Pi) typically decides what goes into the next block, and sends to the external members only the data that they need to solve the hashing puzzle.  The members do not get to know what is in the block.  This will be even more the case if blocks can have unlimited size.  
I must emphasize again that the miner does not need to keep mining oversize blocks.  He needs only get *one* oversize block into the blockchain to cause permanent damage to nodes and clients.  
In fact, he may do so accidentally, just following the incentives (trying to collect as many fees as he can).  Thus it may be hard to pin the blame on him.
Finally, the pool manager may disguise the identity of the pool in the blocks that he mines.  The individual member who mined the block would know the true identity of the pool, but no one else will know, not even other external members of the same pool.  So, even if a pool launches some other attack that is clearly hostile, its external members may not know, and therefore would not defect.
@_date: 2015-06-18 18:19:55
It is funny, because what I see is a company (Blockstream) trying to take control of core development, and divert the purpose of bitcoin from being "a person-to-person payment system" etc.  into being just a settlement layer for a small set of "hub" companies.  
Companies which happen to be the expected primary clients of Blockstream.  
A plan for which it would be very important to keep the core under control of Blockstream, in order to make any changes to the protocol that Blockstream will need, and block any changes that its competitors may need.  
Control that was supposed also to prevent any block size increase, so that p2p bitcoin transactions would become inviable very soon, and the world would come knocking to Blockstream's door for their "overlay" solutions.  
Sloutions that may not actually work...
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:41:55
People only hold because they thing there is a good chance that it will go up again to a significantly higher price.  If they lose that hope, they will sell.
@_date: 2015-06-16 22:28:52
I don't know if there is any node over open water.
There is a tool out there that shows the position of each node on a globe, and it someetimes shows a node in the middle of the Atlantic, off the coast of Africa.  But that is the point of zero latitude and zero longitude, which are the coordinates posted by nodes that do not want disclose their location. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:49:21
A group of miners with 51% or more of all the hashpower can control bitcoin -- if they agree to it.   
The larger that group is, the more unlikely such agreement would be.  Right now, the top 4 miners have 61% of the hashpower.  If hashpower were better distributed, so that it would take hundreds of miners to make 51%, the risk of them agreeing to harm bitcoin would be negligible.
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:15:11
This came up before.  Is it a joke, a scam, or what?
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:13:17


Well, it costs 4 USD to *use* one penny in Bitcoinistan (i.e. to pay 0.00004 BTC via the bitcoin network)...
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:41:53


The last line was outside the edit window and should have not been sent that way.  For Circle, see the link provided in the first line.  Coinbase is moving to USD-to-USD payments, which are a much bigger market than USD-to-BTC or BTC-to-USD.  But then it oviously would be stupid to keep the client balances in BTC and perform 2 conversions most of the time.  Just wait and see.
@_date: 2015-06-28 05:02:31
~~That is not "SPV" but "SBB" (or "SPB"?),~~ a company that (he says) is hired by Coinbase to do the AML checking.  EDIT: "SVB" (Silicon Valley Bank) makes more sense, yes.
@_date: 2015-06-11 00:09:52
As noted before, the reporter fails to grasp the difference between "currency" and "payment system".
Ecuador's "electronic money" is a payment system, intended to be accessible to all citizens and residents, managed by their government but probably implemented by privte companies.  It will not be anonymous, obviously.  Its currency will be the US dollar (or at least pegged to the US dollar), which is the legal currency of the country.  Banks are required to interoperate with that payment system.
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:45:17
I would consider it a return to its true purpose: an experiment to test whether the protocol woudl work in practice as well as it seemed to work in theory.  (The experiment already revealed several problems, but they will need a few more brilliant ideas to fix.)
@_date: 2015-06-30 12:59:04
They cannot do that; the spam would simply pile up on the relay nodes.  And it may be impossible to tell what is spam and what is legitimate...
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:50:52


Your idea of who is "the community" and what they expect from bitcoin is very different from mine.  I bet that 99% of the bitcoiners will not pay attention to the "war", will not understand the issue, will not mind the change, or will pretend that they approve of it in order to preserve the coin's image and value.
@_date: 2015-06-08 13:05:25
Double spending is the dumbest goal that an attacker could have. It would be like the banks using their cartel power to steal the contents of a few random bank accounts.  
A 51% cartel of miners will use its power in ways that will  maximize their revenue over the long term.  That implies keeping bitcoin attractive enough to a large enough fraction of their customers.  They could for example raise the minimum fees, stretch the reward halving schedule, freeze selected addresses as directed by their government, etc..
As long as bitcoins continue to work as a payment medium and speculation instrument, most users will not care about those violations of the original goal.  The cartel will not care if a few thousand ideological purists boycott their bitcoin and start their own altcoin with a CPU-based network.  
@_date: 2015-06-18 12:59:31
**Yes, a theater works, because if it has 100 seats, it only sells 100 tickets at a posted price.** 
**No, bitcoin does not work, because it does not have tickets nor a posted price.**


But the transactions in the queue ALREADY included the fee that the miners had posted BEFORE the transactions joined the queue.


No, miners CANNOT tell the fee structure beforehand, because it depends on how many transactions there will be and how much their clients would be prepared to pay to get served.  Each client has to GUESS the fee X, and if the other 2900 clients AFTERWARDS post enough transactions with fees higher than X, his own will be stuck in the queue, probably forever.  
Once the client sees that his transaction is stuck in the queue, he can try reissuing the transaction with a higher fee Y; but again he has to GUESS Y, because if enough of the next 3300 clients (the 2900 usual ones, plus the 400 that did not make it the first time) pick fees higher than Y, his second transaction will get stuck again.  And so on...
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:29:49


It could be seen that way.  Or those guys can be seen as heros, who are spending their money to try to show to everybody what would happen if the Blockstream gang were allowed to take bitcoin away from the individual users and turn it into a tool for bankers and big corporations. &lt;/trolling&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-03 22:13:55
So, could please tell us how much memory one would need to run a node without fear of crashing or going to swap hell? How much memory a client must have to be able to sync a wallet from the blockchain? 
@_date: 2015-06-13 16:41:57


OK, sorry, I did overgeneralize.  Yet, way too many posts and articles that oppose the increase do ignore the compromise proposals.  
When CoinDesk asked Huobi and BTC-China about it, they said that they favored the increase but thought that 20 MB was too much.  The headline said only that they were against Gavin's proposal...


Did he? So then he *wants* to see the blocks fill up?
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:07:56
We still do not know that...  If the goal had been a settlement system for LN hubs, it would probably have been designed quite differently.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:05:08
Yeah, he does not understand that bitcoin now is a property of Blockstream...  
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:47:45


That is the difference between a competent programmer like Satoshi and the amateur programmers who took over his project. ;-)  
Satoshi knew that those languages and programs use IEEE double-precision floating point for numeric quantities.  He must have known that accountants do not tolerate rounding when adding columns of numbers, even when computing the money supply of the entire world; and that rounding sometimes causes subtle bugs in programs (like 'a + b - a' sometimes not being equal to b).
He certainly knew that 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3 are not finite binary fractions, hence are not exactly representable as binary floating point numbers; but he also knew that all integers from 0 to 2^51 = 2'251'799'813'685'248 (and their negatives) *are* exactly representable as IEEE doubles.
He also knew that, in that format, numbers up to 2^51 are guaranteed to be stored, added and subtracted without rounding.  Surely he must have been aware, for example, that the infamous Pentium Divide Bug was found by a number theorist who was using floating-point to do exact integer arithmetic, because the FP multiply and divide instructions were much faster than the integer ones.  
(However, the fraction 1/10^8 is not exactly representable in IEEE double format, so all bitcoin computations in those languages and applications must be done internally in satoshis, rather than BTC.)
(Actually, IEEE doubles can represent exactly all integers up to 2^53, but it is prudent to leave a couple of spare bits to avoid unexpected rounding in slightly more complex formulas where intermediate values may exceed the final result (like c = 2*b - a).  
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:54:35
Like many economists and amateur economists, he assumes that "market forces" will lead to "price discovery" for the transaction fees.  He does not understand how queues behave when capacity is exhausted, and/or has not thought in detail how the miners, clients, and nodes will interact at that point.  Sigh.
@_date: 2015-06-07 14:26:14
That is what bitcoiners had to tell themselves in order to ignore that problem.  In fact a 51% mining majority can force all other players to accept their terms, or have their bitcoins blocked forever.
@_date: 2015-06-03 08:29:36
Then how do you explain that graph?
@_date: 2015-06-14 23:04:57


"Your dog over there bit my daugher!"
"You're lying! That is not a dog, but a domesticated coyote!"
Also, note that the Wikpedia article says "operator" and does not say it has to be a person; but the quote then changes that to "central authority"  just to be able to say "it hasn't"  In fact there is an operator, which is the bitcoin "system" consisting of the mining network and the exchanges.


Of course it does!  That is why 90%, if not 99.9%, of the bitcoiners buy and hold bitcoins: because they expect fat returns on their investment!


It definitely does! Every day the new investors must pour in (a) enough money to buy the biycoins created by the miners, and (b) enough money to buy the bitcoins of earlier investors that are cashing out.  Since the earlier investors expect to take out more money than they put in, item (b) must grow continuously.  Moreover, for that to happen the the price has to keep increasing; which means item (a) wil increase too.
Suppose, to make the computation simpler, that every investor keeps his coins for 1 month and then expects to get his money back with 10% profit.  
In the first month, the investors buy 30 days x 3600 BTC/day at 250 $/BTC, total 27.0 M$.   
In the second month, the price must be 275 $/BTC in order to give them the expected 10% profit.  So, in the second month, the new investors must put in 30 x 3600 x 275 = 29.7 M$ for the miners, ***and*** another 1.1 x 27.0 M$ = 29.7 M$ for the previous month's investors; total 59.4 M$. 
In the third month, the price woudl have to be 303 $/BTC, and the new investors must input 30 x 3600 x 303 = 32.7 M$ for the miners, ***and*** 1.1 x 59.4 = 65.3 M$ for the second-monthers; total 98.0 M$
You get the idea, I hope.   This is one little detail that the "bitcoin salesmen" forget to tell their victims. 
Perhaps now you understand why the price is no longer going up, and why the Winklevossen and KnC and other fund creators are desperate to find new markets (Agentinians, US pensioners, Arabs, Greeks...) for their holdings... 
@_date: 2015-06-25 11:24:50


Even that would be excessive.  Visa solves that problem by having affiliated banks at each end of the trade, who actually give credit to the buyer and/or lend money to the store.
So, after Coinbase and Circle re-discovered the concept of "bank", the LN may in the end just rediscover credit cards...


But that requires a blockchain transaction, no?
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:41:07
Article is wrong. The first auction was for ~30'000 BTC. Two more auctions sold 50'000 BTC each.  There is still some 45'000 left.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:48:01


Not another Sand Hill, is it?
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:58:51


I understood that a payment channel is restricted to two participants only.  In that case, it would be like opening a separate bank account for each person that one wants to pay.  Leaving money for years in such accounts would not be acceptable.
Correct me if I am wrong, but a payment channel is worth using only when one expects to make several payments to the same entity in a relatively short time.  For payments that are more spaced in time (such as salaries, groceries, etc.), or whose recipient may change unpredictably  (such as buying plane tickets), payment channels have no advantages over direct blockchain transactions.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:00:04
Including the BTC-China pool, which was ~~~20%~~ ~10% of the total and is now counted as "unknown",  the top 4 pools (in the 1 month piechart) have ~~~65%~~ ~60% of the hashpower, and are all Chinese.
Good to see that BTC-China and Blockchain.Info found a solution to the mining centralization problem.  Bitcoin is saved! &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:23:22


Which ones specifically?  Shrem and Ver never were core devs, were they?
@_date: 2015-06-25 17:58:24
Most of the ~1.4 million BIT shares that were issued (representing ~140'000 BTC) were bought by their current owners when the price was much higher than today (the average buy-in was 450 $/Ƀ or higher).  If they sold now, those investors would be realizing a paper loss of 30% or more.  Moreover, they were long-term investors to begin with (because they accepted a 6-month lock-in, that became 12-month at some point), and some may have used IRA or other sources that make it undesirable for them to cash out. That may explain why the offers to sell are so high, and volume is so small.
@_date: 2015-06-09 22:17:50
Did it ever had one?  For non-bitcoiners, it is one of the reasons to keep away from bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-06-18 21:34:14
The computer nerd in me votes for a simple increase to 8MB starting at a predefined block number, with mutually incompatible transactions and wallet files from that point on. 
The buttcoiner in me votes for whatever complicated solution or non-solution the devs can come up with that will provide the most entertaining disaster.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:03:05


They will not stop because of the fee, but because of the delays.  No matter what the fees are, if the incoming tx rate is (say) 80% of the capacity, there will be occasional "traffic jams" that will take hours to clear; and the average transaction delay will be about half of that, even if everybody is paying 1000$ per transaction in fees.  And the delays will get worse as the traffic increases.  So people will start abandoning bitcoin when the jams become more frequent and lengthy.  Then the *average* tx rate will stay below (say) 80%, when the jams will be still tolerable the users.  But then those transactions that don't mind the delays can pay the minimal fee, and those who want fast service need only pay a little more than that.
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:46:54
The old version of the software will reject as invalid any block larger than 1 MB, whereas the new version will accept it (if everything else checks).  As soon as a "new" miner creates a block larger than 1 MB before any "old" miner, a new branch of the chain will be created.
The old miners will reject that branch because it has an oversize block, and continue working on extending their branch.  The new miners will consider both branches valid, but will reject the old one for being shorter, and will work on extending theirs.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:33:26
It has been bouncing around in the range 215--245 for the past six weeks, with some 5% swings  in the space of a few hours.  That is not "stable" at all.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 08:06:59
One way to answer that question is to observe that ~3600 BTC are being created every day, so about 3600 BTC/day x 240 $/BTC = 864'000 $/day of new money must enter the system, provided by new investors -- people who are increasing their holdings of BTC.  (A miner may sell only a part of the coins that he mines, but then he can be imagined as two persons: a miner proper, who sells everything, and an investor, who buys some of it back.)  
The new investors must also provide enough money for the payoff and profit of earlier investors who are reducing their holdings.  There seems to be no way to estimate this quantity.
One could consider, more narrowly, the "market" to be the exchanges.  But that would not be helpful.  No one, except the exchange itself, knows how much $ is deposited and withdrawn from it.  And even if we knew that, it would be useless without knowing what orders the depositors intend to place. 
@_date: 2015-06-04 05:58:12
@_date: 2015-06-30 04:20:22


That was not a hard fork, as I understand, maybe not even a soft fork.  IIRC, the nodes were upgrading to a new version of the software that did not change the 'consensus rules' (the definition of what is a valid block) but only replaced a database library that was used by the nodes.  A bug in that change caused the nodes to split into two disconnected sets, and that in turn caused a split in the chain.  (But I may have misunderstood).  The fix was Gavin calling the main players and telling them to roll back to the previous version, then "rewind" the blockchain for more than 50 blocks and replay the transactions.
The ecosystem then was much smaller then it is now.  Well before the Nov/2013 rally, ell before the 500 million investmend in bitcoin companies...
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:26:10
Well, bitcoin cannot capture that much traffic any time soon because of its limited throughput (~20 transactions/second with 8 MB blocks).  Maybe another coin, with completely different architecture, will do that one day.
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:10:02


But that is what I feel too:  they want to see the network reach capacity first, because they have invented some shiny gadgets that are supposed to manage or alleviate congestion (like RBF, CPFP, and LN) and are dying for a chance to see them work.   
If my feeling is wrong, perhaps they will want to state clearly that they *don't* want to see the network become congested?
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:52:14
No, I am saying that legally-mandated freezes, seizures, and reversals must be supported by any "p2p frictionless payment system  that does not rely on a trusted intermediary" that aspires to mass adoption.  Bitcoin cannot be patched to do that, and that is one reason why it cannot get mass adoption.
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:10:43
The Method says "design an experiment that will decide whether the hypothesis is true or false".  If the question has a yes/no answer, the possible hypotheses are "yes" and "no", and (in theory) either hypothesis shoudl lead to the same experiment.  So, if the question is of the yes/no type, picking an hypothesis is superfluous.
What the Method *doesn't* say is "choose an hypothesis that you strongly suspect or hope that is true".  But scientists often will invest substantial resurces in the experiment *only* because they expect/wish/hope for a specific "interesting" outcome.
@_date: 2015-06-09 14:04:25
No, the block rewards.  The majority side keeps mining empty blocks on the old chain, ignoring and orphaning any blocks solved by "honest" old miners.  That way they collect 100% of  the revenue in both chains, and the "honest"  old miners starve -- until they switch to the new chain.
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:48:02


If I purchase a coffee at any coffee shop here in Brazil I get a cashier's receipt with the legal name of the business and its IRS registration number.  With that I could get full data about the legal owners, including their IRS registration numbers.  Some of that data is also posted in the store somewhere.  So, if the store cheated on me somehow, I can effectively sue the store and/or the owners.
That would not work for web stores, of course.  You need, at a minimum, be able to look up the company in the government business registry, which will give you the identity of the owners and an address where the cops can start looking for them if they turn out to be a scam.
And, if you are going to send a significant amount of money to a web company, with no chargeback option, you must carefully check the CVs of the people running it.  If they have a financial services license, in a country that takes such things seriously, perhaps you can trust tat the regulators did such checking for you.  If they don't have anything besides a general business registration, you must do that checking yourself.


I did not even look to their website, because I am not interested in their services.  The above are general rules that people should use for any web service that they intend to use.  
Most scams in bitcoin's history could have been avoided if the victims had tried to apply those rules.  Investors in Neo &amp; Bee knew the actual identity of Danny Brewster, but never bothered to check his job experience.  Yet a little googling would have told them that he had no experience or education whatsoever qualifying him to run a bank; and that his last enterprise before going to Cyprus was the promotion of a large music festival in Lincolnshire -- for which he sold tickets and space for food stalls, but did not do anything else.
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:01:15
An internet company that does not identify their officers, or whose officers have no verifiable CV, is better assumed to be a scam.  
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:57:23


Is there an estimate of how much they spent? I seem to have read that it was less than 5000 USD, maybe 2000 USD.  
Their motivation may have been just "scientific".  An attack with 10x as many transactions and fees of 0.001 BTC would have cost 500,000 USD and crippled bitcoin for a day or more (since most users out there would not know what to do to increase their tx fees).  That may be worthwhile for a "commercial" attacker, e. g. to keep a competitor out of a large government bid.
@_date: 2015-06-26 16:38:42
I read somewhere else that a CLTV transaction cannot be cancelled (with the input returning to the sender) before its timeout date, ***not even by the recipient of the transaction***.  Is that correct?
@_date: 2015-06-15 14:29:46
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:55:37
As far as I can understand, the LN will not help if payments are unpredictable, or if the sender cannot afford to lock up more than one payment in advance. So,
If 200000 bitcoiners are going to make 2 *unpredictable* payments per day with random partners, they will saturate the current network (even without counting wallet housekeeping and other non-payment transactions).
Someone quoted someone assuming that, once the bitcoin blockchain has become a settlement layer for some overlay network, the transaction fee could be as high as 100$.  In that case, direct p2p payments will be out of question.   Is that a working assumption of the developers?
@_date: 2015-06-18 03:08:02
Frankly I could only read a few pages of Adam's message, and only superficially.  I got only as far as his insistence on the risk of a split of the coin, which I think is negligible (and only exists at all because he and the other core devs have raised such a fuss).  I also sensed much resentment for the way Gavin and Mark handled the negotiations and the public relations of their proposal, etc..
Is there somewhere a summary of the technical points in that message?. 
My impression from all the discussion so far is that the Blockstream folks *wanted* the blocks to fill up and a permanent backlog to form, as soon as possible, so that the clients would be forced to compete for space on the blocks by paying non-negligible fees.  Mike described recently the "crash landing" that would happen in that case.  Did Adam address this (quite certain) risk in that message?
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:34:18
I suspect that the only people buying BIT shares (GBTC) are the people who had already invested in BIT shares.  
The average BIT investor has bought the shares when the price was in the 400-500 $/BTC range.  Those people may have the mindset "bitcoin is worth much more than its current market price", and may be tempted to buy BIT shares now at 300 $/BTC in order to lower their average buy price.
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:02:04
There were several proposals for 32 MB, which may have been the original limit before it was lowered to 1 MB to guard against certain attacks.
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:34:46
Addresses on the blockchain with at least 0.1 BTC (23 USD) in them:
2015-03-26 (block ~349400): ~750'000
2015-06-11 (block ~360536): ~817'000
Granted, there are many 'bitcoiners" who keep all their bitcoins in web wallets or exchanges, and have not even 0.1 BTC on the blockchain.  Others only buy bitcoins when needed and spend them immediately.  On the other hand, many "bitcoiners" have more than one address with some bitcoin in it.  
Therefore, methinks that the above numbers are the best hints available for the actual number of "bitcoiners"  in the world.  
One should not trust the wallet counts given by Blockchain.Info, Coinbase, etc..  AFAIK one user can have as many wallets as he wants in those sites; is that correct?  
I have seen several claims that most of the BCI wallets are empty, and no evidence to the contary.
Last time I looked at Conbase's stats, they did not show the distribution of wallets by balance, or any number that could reveal how many *people* (not wallets) actually hold significant amounts.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:29:15
You cannot assume that the only aim of the "attacker" would be to drive the price down.  As in the example above, he may only want to delay someone's payment.  Or he may be a Coinbase-like company trying to drive people away from direct blockchain transactions and to their centralzed services (since 
account-to-account payments do not use the blockchain).  Or any of other thousand motives.
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:46:06
A majority miner or cartel can prevent the other miners from mining any alternative blockchain that they could mine.   Those rebel miners would have to adopt the cartel's version, or starve to bankruptcy.
So the only way that bitcoiners could escape the cartel's iron grip would be to do another hard fork that changed the protocol to use a PoW that none of the current miners could mine.   
Then the new "rebel" coin would have a puny network of CPUs, while the cartel's coin would have a 300 PH/s network.  Which coin will retain bitcoin's value?  Why would a user think that the cartel's change to the protocol is worse than the rebel's? 
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:53:24
As Tim writes, most of the ingredients of bitcoin, including proof-of-work and Merkle trees (of which a chain is the simplest type) are older than bitcoin.
What Satoshi tried to do is put together those ingredients to create a database whose integrity *did not depend on trusting a third party*, but instead on an *unorganized* collection of *anonymous volunteers*.
So, of course there can be (and there are) blockchains that is not the bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:38:33
Do you have any programming experience?
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:02:37
I grabbed that harddrive from his dumpster, and noticed a file called "satoshi-nakamoto-wallet.dat".  I did not know what it was, so I just reformatted the drive without copying it.  You think that it may have been important?
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:58:51


I understood that a payment channel is restricted to two participants only.  In that case, it would be like opening a separate bank account for each person that one wants to pay.  Leaving money for years in such accounts would not be acceptable.
Correct me if I am wrong, but a payment channel is worth using only when one expects to make several payments to the same entity in a relatively short time.  For payments that are more spaced in time (such as salaries, groceries, etc.), or whose recipient may change unpredictably  (such as buying plane tickets), payment channels have no advantages over direct blockchain transactions.
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:50:07


~~To reach a billion users ( ~2^30 )  in 2030 means u growing by a factor of 4 each year, i.e u = u0 x 4^y after y years.  Even if the average number k of transactions per user per day does not grow, then each node would have to process t = t0 x 4^y = O( 4^y ) transactions per day.  Would it be able to keep up with that growth rate?~~
~~The size of the blockchain would also grow like the integral of t with respect to y, that is, like O( 4^y ).~~
I supose that it will be increasingly difficult for each node to maintain a transaction queue that is reasonably consistent with other nodes.
I would not use the word "decentralized" for a scheme where every node verifies every transaction in the world. "Multi-centralized" might be more approriate.  To deserve the name "decentralized", each node should be able to process a subset of the transactions, whose relative size grows more slowly than u with time.  ~~That would require n to grow like, say n = n0 x 2^y,  and each node process only c x t/2^y transactions per day, for some constant c; that is, c x t0 x 2^y.  Then the total work would still grow like O(n t) = O( c x n0 x 2^y x t0 x 2^y ) = O( 4^y ), but the work of each node would grow only as O( 2^y ).~~
EDIT: Sorry, faulty arithmetic: to reach a billion users in 2030, *from the current million*, would requre a growth by 1000x over 15 years, that is about 1.6x every year (rather than 4x).
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:15:24
I do hope that the price will crash back to zero-digit or negative-digit levels, so that you stop trying to sell bitcoins to people who do not know that investing in bitcoin is a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2015-06-19 23:47:01


The "unsafe" RBF allows changing the outputs and therefore double-spending a lower-fee transaction that was placed earlier in the queue and is still there, even if the new transaction is issued several minutes later.  This is the version that Peter Todd told F2Pool to implement.
The "safe" RBF does not allow changing the outputs.  So it can be used only to increase the fee of a transaction that seems stuck because of insufficient fee.  This is the version that F2Pool reverted to after it was alerted of the risk.
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:47:28
The problem is that those archaic superstitious Chinese make the best mining chips in the world, and mine 60% or more of the blocks.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:40:01
~~I believe that the new version of the software will be programmed to raise the limit to 20 MB just after a specific block is issued, which will occur in late 2016.~~  
~~The switch will not (and cannot) be conditional to external evens such as "80% have upgraded"  The 80% adoption is a hope, not a condition.~~
EDIT: Seems that I had an old plan?
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:13:46


That is the consensual wishful thinking that has emerged in the community to avoid facing the fact that a majority cartel can do pretty much anything.


The cartel itself will tell everybody in advance and in detail what it intends to do.  


Yes, it will be the first time that a majority miner or cartel will do that.  There is always a first time for everything.


The old chain will be shut down by exploting the most essential feature of the bitcoin protocol: the longest-chain-wins rule.
It has always been understood that this rule only works if the majority of the mining power is controlled by "selfish" miners who care only to get the most rewards and fees.  The protocol fails if a majority of the mining power conspires to act in some "non-selfish" way, e.g. to destroy the network, to get delayed profits or payment from outside.
If the "orthodox" players try to fork, the cartel can jam their new chain too.  There is no way for a minority to prevail over a majority, without violating the fundamental principles of the protocol.


Well, yes.  That is one of the reasons why I am very skeptical about the future of bitcoin (to put it mildly).  It was a great step forward, but it still has some fatal flaws, that need a few more brilliant inventions to fix.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:13:32
OK. I can see how a payment channel would work with a regular stream of micropayments or "minipayments".  I am not sure how it would work with, say, buying plane tickets.  I definitely would not want to make an advance deposit for a dozen trips,  time-locked for 1 year.  Am I right that payment channels would not help in that case, in fact would be 3-4 times more hassle for no advantage?
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:25:55
MtGOX coins were quite probably stolen and sold at the Chinese exchanges (perhaps via other exchanges and arbitragers) during 2013.  
To increase the value of the remaining coins, the "lost" coins must not come back to the market, ever.  
On the other hand, when people learn of huge amounts of coins being lost by accident, they may be less inclined to buy bitcoins, and then the price will fall...
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:40:15
The services that promise to keep your BTC balance pegged to the dollar.  I don't remember which ones exactly, but there are a couple of them already.  Maybe Tether, and/or Circle, and/or Coinbase and/or some other...
@_date: 2015-06-03 13:58:09
However, all other crumbs of data that we have point to even worse conclusion: commercial use never was big, and is dropping.  BitPay, believed to be the largest bitcoin e-payment by far, processed less than 160 million USD in 2014; which means less than 500'000 $/day on average.  Even optimisticallly multiplying that by 20 for all e-payments, we get only 10 M $/day, a lot less than the number shown on that chart.
We have seen many testimonials here of merchants who "accept bitcoin" saying that they got only a few bitcoin customers, often zero, since they started accepting it.  Overstock got 3 M$ in 2014, mostly in the few months after they started.   I have seen no data or testimonial suggesting that adoption is increasing.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:31:41
Not at all.  They will exclude only those *bitcoin* startups that solicit investment through the internet, and have no one with management experience.  They may not be scams, but will fail with high probability, and the result for the investors will be the same.
Startups that go looking for investors in the traditional way must have people with appropriate resumés if they want to be taken seriously.  Being very smart could replace management experience; but one cannot check that alternative from a webpage.
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:32:39
Cound someone *please* provide [a simple worked out example]( say with 3 consumers who *may* spend 10 BTC each with 3 merchants over the next week, all served by one hub?  Or with 100'000 consumers, 10 hubs, and 1000 merchants, if that would work out better?  The question is not about the internal details, but how much each woudl have to lock up, when the payments would be available, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:09:55
It makes it almost certain that only one branch will survive.  Which version of the protocol will survive depends on which one will have a majority of the hashpower just before the fork. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:03:38
The utility depends on usage; and usage us very small, not growing, and facing competition from other payment channels.   
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:41:52
Since the bitcoin *implementation* is open source, and the bitcoin *protocol* is public domain and open-adhesion, anyone can make a  modified version of that implementation, that can use the same protocol, or create a soft fork, or create a hard fork; and anyone is free to use that modified version. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:01:09


Amazing how creative these bitcoin economists are.  Why bother with reality, when you can invent your own Earth, with an all-original history?
[Sumerian tablet Enmerkar and En-suḫgir-ana: c.1.8.2.4](


[Ancient trade routes](
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:55:10
Care to explain how one could "easily" defeat BitPay's checks?
Blockstream's "master plan" is no secret. They say explicitly that p2p transactions should be moved to the  "overlay layer" and leave the blockchain for "industrial" transactions that can afford high fees.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:04:50
Because I am quite convinced that he *is* a, let's say, "overly creative entrepreneur".  Looking at the "whole of the opus", everything about him says "phony" to me: his academic CV, the plagiarism in his book, the invisible supercomputer, the weird "Tulip Trust" document, the tax rebates, the tangled web of companies, his content-free tirades, his disappearance from Sydney and from the web, ... and then the "small" matter of the ATO investigation, fines, and home search.
@_date: 2015-06-28 06:14:51
Even if the Lightning Network does only 1 blockchain transaction for each 20 payments between its users, that is only a factor of 20x increase.  About what you would get by increasing the max blocksize to 20 MB.
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:32:04


That is the reason why bitcoin uses cryptography that was developed by NSA and other government agencies?
@_date: 2015-06-16 03:25:27


Will the antis do that if the network saturates? 
Actually I am rooting for the price to return to sane levels (single digit or less) so that the speculators, drug buyers, scammers etc. leave and let the nerds take their experiment back.   But I cannot avoid being the computer nerd myself and stick my head into the technical discussion. Anyway, whatever is the outcome of this controversy, it will not be the cause of a price collapse.
  
@_date: 2015-06-06 00:09:46
Money is not meant for hoarding.  
Gold is not money.  
Gold is still half-way down from a speculative bubble; "investing" in gold is not investing, at best it is gambling.
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:35:43
Is that a phishing site?
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:54:46


Triggering by timestamp, instead of block number, is most convenient to players, but it makes the validity ("consensus") criteria depend on a field that (AFAIK) is not well defined or behaved.  Isn t it possible that the next block will have an earlier timestamp?  What could happen then?
The deployment logic means that one will have to look at previosu blocks, possibly up to the present time, to decide whether a large block is valid or not.
The 
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:59:06
No, I don't think that a token is required for a secure ledger of the type that banks and other financial institutions need.  I agree with Tim: they do not want a network where anyone can come in and mine anonymously.  Their miners will be known, tasked and paid by legally binding contracts.  So the reason why bitcoin uses PoW and block rewards is not valid for them. 
@_date: 2015-06-05 06:57:13


There are some people who know that ebola is a terrible disease, absolutely do not want to get it, but still spend a lot of time studying it... 8-) 
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:40:40
Indeed, and after carefully studying the paper I concluded that the old sofa in my living room is a sidechain too.  I am trying to write a paper on that.  Actually, proving that it is a sidechain was easy; proving that it is a *good* sidechain is taking a little longer.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:45:05


The problem is that there is no algorithm for doing that.  Many clients with transactions in the queue will be trying to increase their fees to get in front of your transaction, just as you are trying to push it over theirs. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:47:48


Considering zero growth in the USD volume and other metrics, it only shows that the MyWallet metric must be bogus.
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:27:13
I don't know anything about Ethereum, sorry to admit...
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:34:15
Yes, bitcoin is currently limited to 1-2 million users, and cannot grow fast enough to have 10-20 million users any time soon.
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:34:43
The link seems broken.  
I have already created a post on Lightning, that ELI5 one.   I could repost it, I suppose...
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:37:49
Given that the proposal already has the support of 60% of the mining hashpower, perhaps it would be sufficient to trigger the change after a preset block number, without the voting stuff.
(It seems desirable to keep the libconsensus as simple as possible, which would make a simple block-number trigger more desirable.  Although, once the fork has happened, one could do a "non-fork" change to libconsensus, replacing the voting criterion by a simple block number trigger.)
I would also make sure that the transactions generated by new clients, after the fork becomes effective, are rejected as invalid by nodes running the old version, and vice-versa. One way to do this would be to "salt" each input line with the protocol version tag, before computing the signature.  This would not change the format of the transactions, and would prevent some "bad samritan" from mapping transactions intended for one branch to transactions intended for the other.  I believe that this change would be safer than letting each transaction to be executed on any one or both chains, depending on the UTXO status.  Especially now that some miners are running RBF.
But of course it may be the little buttcoiner devil in my left ear who is whispering these suggestions to me. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:40:56
A "transaction request" is a transaction that has been sent to the relay nodes, but may not be valid, and has not been included in the blockchain yet.  Once validated and included, it is no longer a request but a "confirmed transaction".
The old version cannot change its transaction request  format, but the new version can do that in such a way that the requests become mutually incompatible.  One way is to establish that, after the critical fork block number, the signature of each input of the transaction must depend on the new version stamp (say, "vbig") as well as on the other usual data.  Then the old version will immediately reject the new transaction requests because the signatures will not check, and vice-versa.  Moreover, no one could reformat a request intended for one chain to make it valid for the other, without the private keys of the inputs.
@_date: 2015-06-03 14:14:54
That brings up another aspect: who are the people using bitcoin for payment?  Apart from dark markets, it seems to be people who have invested in bitcoins who are spending some of their hoard (as opposed to non-bitcoiners who buy bitcoin expressly to pay for something).  Almost all bitcoins used for e-payments go through BitPay or other processor, which immediately sells them to someone who is investing in bitcoin.  So, bitcoin use as a currency seems to be confined to the bitcoin believers, rather than spreading through the general public.  Note that, for the latter, the drop in value of bitcoin would make no difference.
@_date: 2015-06-04 03:46:42
It is a challenge question. With a dynamic block size limit, that might double every day, it is impossible to predict how much memory a node or client will need in order to process a block.
@_date: 2015-12-10 15:44:18
["SGI letter" that was given as evidence of existence of Craig's supercomputer has been deleted](
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:20:25
I have been called retard, shill, troll, fascist, parasite, and worse, uncountably many times since I started criticizing bitcoin.  My bio on Wikipedia was vandalized, twice. Methinks I have earned the right to at least call bitcoiners "butters" on the "other" subreddit...
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:22:19
People could start another 100'000 blockchains, some of them local, some of them, regional, some of them global.  Then people could own coins in any of them, and trade them at exchanges.  Use the local coins for local payments, use global coins to bridge between the local ones.  The local coins could be mined by the local governments and have zero transaction fees; the global ones would be mined by multinational corporations and charge  whatever fees they choose.  All of them would have demurrage fees, to discourage hoarding.  
Whoops, sorry, seems I am describing the fiat world... forget it.
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:40:58


They can have their own tokens (besides the imported bitcoins) and can pay subsidy with those.  No?
@_date: 2015-06-19 15:06:35
I understand that BitPay does instantaneous payments because they monitor the network themselves and refuse to pay if they see a conflicting transaction already in the queue of some node.  If this is correct, wouldn't the replace-by-fee change break this check, forcing BitPay to abandon instant payments?
@_date: 2015-06-06 13:37:08
You can figure it out. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:17:33
Not to boast, but I certainly know more about how bitcoin works than those people.  I do not know much of the technical details compared to the bitcoin experts; but, about its worth as investment, those experts [clearly don't know more than I do](
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:28:09
Satoshi is the Invisible Pink Unicorn.
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:33:21
Se my reply to the other reply.  AFAIK there is no viable "trustless and censorship-resistant" hub-and-spoke model, and there may not be.  At best one would have a "partly trustless, not very censorship-resistant" one.  Would that "half good" solution be worth the cost of building it on top of bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:10:41
He is a reporter, not a computer scientist.  The book is more about people and their doings than technology or economics.  Some sections have been posted in various places. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:19:27
I thought that payment channels were a solution for a regular stream of payments in quick succession, like micropayments for streaming video or music.  
Will the Lightning Network take non-regular payments off the blockchain, too?  Like buying a pizza slice at a train station, paying a hotel bill in Fiji, buying a book at Amazon?  
How would these deals work out, exactly -- will there have to be a path of payment channels between the two parties?  
Don't payment channels end up locking up extra bitcoins for extra time?
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:13:43
So Coinbase now lets you deposit dollars, euros, or pounds, and take out dollars, or euros, or pounds.  They automatically purchase and sell bitcoins instantly in between.  But not on the blockchain, of course, since that would not be instant.  The two operations are just notes on their internal ledgers.   Which, since they occur in the same instant, could be canceled out, and not even recorded.  Do you see what is happening?
@_date: 2015-06-27 11:36:32
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:31:27
Because it is a pyramid investment schema.  It was neither intended nor designed to be one, but unfortunately that is what it became.
@_date: 2015-06-26 15:46:43
I see no solution for that either-- at least for the current outrageous cost of mining, that resulted from (a) the blind block reward mechanism, together with (b) the superhyperinflated market price created by speculation; the latter having been induced by (c) the expectations that the price would increase much faster than inflation, with in turn came from (d) the fixed cap on coin supply and (e) the lack of demurrage (negative interest) fee.
The current cost of mining -- almost 1 million USD/day -- cannot be sustained by fees from the current use of the network, and its use cannot increase much, even with bigger blocks and any "overlay network" (which has not been invented yet, but that is another issue).  The cost is currently being paid entirely by new investors.  They will eventually want to get their money back; but that money would have to be provided by future investors, in addition to the miner's bill.  
Thus the "bitcoin national debt" (what the bitcoin holders expect to get back from it) is being just being pushed from each day to the next day, and growing like a snowball pushed over a snow field. Just like the national debt of Brazil and many other countries.  If the market price increases, as the hodlers hope, the problem will only get worse at an accelerating pace.  
To solve the problem, the overinflated price (b) would have to be brought down to a level consistent with bitcoin's usage as currency; which is probably below 1 $/BTC.  Then industrial miners and all the bitcoin companies would disappear, and bitcoin would go back to being an experiment in e-commerce protocols, used only by a few thousand interested computer types and maybe a couple of friendly pizza parlors,  mined by the users themselves for fun rather than profit -- as it was in 2009.  
Instituting a demurrage fee (e) could achieve that, but of course the hodlers would assassinate anyone who proposed it, so I will not. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-30 13:41:01
I can think of two viable explanations:
* BTC-China was created by two students in Shanghai in 2012 or earlier.  In early 2013 (I can't find the precise date) they hired Bobby Lee as CEO.  Bobby had an MBA or such from some US university, and had some IT job experience at Walmart.  It is possible that he made BTC-China more professional and more effective at marketing.  Their volume shoot up in early 2013 as price was ramping up.  Comparison of prices at BTC-China and other exchanges shows that they (and Bitfinex) were leading during the early 2013 rally.
* Nathaniel Popper's book tells of meeting in Colorado in early March 2013, where Wences Casares "sold" the bitcoin idea to Marc Andreessen and a few other big investors.  These investors then started to invest in bitcoin by the 10's of thousands of BTC.  Maybe their purchases drove the price up.
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:14:58
It is a free clip art: 
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:32:43
Right now the miners don't care for fees because they are insignificant (~15 BTC/day, whereas the block rewards are ~3600 BTC/day) and the costs are paid by the new investors.
If a  significant fraction (not even a majority) of the miners chose to, they could force a fee hike, by refusing to include any transaction with less than their specified fee.  Then transactions without that fee would take longer on average.  Depending on how many clients choose to pay for the faster expected turnaround, that policy may pay off, for those "shark miners" and also for the non-shark ones.
Also, letting higher-fee transactions jump the line over lower-fee ones will turn [the client's experience]( into a Kafkian nightmare.  "Dear client, in order to make sure that your transactions will not be delayed forever, be sure to include a fee that is 10% more than the average of the fees included by all the other clients. Thank you."
Ideally the fee should be fixed by the protocol, with first-come-first-served "reserved seats" on the queues that cannot be bumped by trasactions with higher fees.
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:01:16


I am still trying to figure out what is *not* a sidechain. It seems that *anything* will fit the definitions in the Oct/2014 paper, with the proper definitions of 'asset'. 'control', etc. -- which the developers of the sidechain are supposed define as it suits them.
So, yes, I can agree with that: *anything* is betters than bitcoin, in every way. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:17:09
Well, my understanding above is that it will *never* be.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:45:33


My bad.  Yes, my argument was silly.
The point remains that there needs to be a hard max block size to prevent a miner, by malice or accident, to generate a block that is too big for some players to handle, but not too big for a majority of the miners to accept it.   Without a hard limit, there will always be such a magic block size.


If there is only one blockchain for the entire world, and blocks are a fixed 10 minutes apart, then one would need 10 GB blocks to get to 70'000 transactions per second (1 per human per day on average).  
The conclusion (which many have reached already) is that the bitcoin protocol simply cannot scale to that traffic volume, not in decades at least.
Whether the hard block size limit is increased or not, there will be an effective transaction volume limit defined by the capacity of most people's internet connections and processing power.  To serve its purpose, the hard limit would have to be set to (say) half that maximum limit.
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:39:10
The Blockchain.Info wallet count includes empty wallets, abandoned wallets, and multiple wallets.  If the author knows that the data is bogus, why does he use it?
There are about 800'000 blockchain addresses that have 0.1 BTC or more in them.  That is still not a reliable measure of the number of users, but it gives a more likely upper bound for that number.
Comparing transactions in the blockchain with the numbers released by BitPay, the largest bitcoin payment processor, stongly suggests that 90% or more of the former is not e-payments but something else.  The chains that the author excluded are only one of several kinds of "spam" and non-payment tranactions.
But even with all that "spam", the [estimated USD transaction volume]( has not been growing at all for the past 12 months, and is still 30% less than what it was in Jan/2014.
Quarterly reports by Overstock, the only US company that publishes such data, shows that sales in bitcoin have decreased after the initial peak in early 2014, and they have stopped accumulating bitcoins.
The number of full nodes is shrinking, too.
Fact is, the bitcoin network is *not* growing, at least not as much as the transaction count plots suggest. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 13:10:52
It is unlikely that the 21 million cap will be lifted, because it was determined by the max integer number (2^51 = ~2.2 quadrillion) of atomic units that can be safely handled without spurious rounding in Excel, javascript, and many other apps and languages.  (Although the current devs do not seem aware of that detail and/or do not have that kind of worries, so that may not be a strong guarantee.)
Besides, I cannot see why raising the limit would be in the miners' interest.  Instead, they may want to postpone the next halving, and accelerate the following ones so as to preserve the total issuance at 21 million.  Postponing it for 2 years would give all the miners more than 300 million dollars of extra revenue over that time span, if the average price remains at 250 USD/BTC. The top 5 Chinese pools, who have more than 60% of the total hashpower, would get more than 60% of that, 150 million dollars.  While the change would reduce their revenue some 4-6 years from now, that is beyond their planning horizon because their current equipment would be obsolete far before then.  A prize of 300 million would be more than enough for them to buy the endorsement of several bitcoin whoreporters and gurus, who will find persuasive arguments for the thesis that the change is actually "good for bitcoin".  If they do the PR right, the bitcoin price may even rise after that.
There are other ways to achieve the same goal (more money for the mining majority), for example adding an demurrage component V x (1 + r)^n to the transaction fee, for each input to the transaction; where V is the amount of the corresponding UTXO, r is a small constant, and n is the age of the UTXO in blocks.  This component could be paid to the miner of that transaction, or could be sentto the Bitcoin Treasury and used to keep the block reward at 25 BTC indefinitely.  It may require a bit more PR than the previous one, though.
These reforms may be unpopular now, but if bitcoin is to become merely a settlement layer for Blockstream's "overlay network" (which seem to be the working plan of the new devs) then the PR may be unnecessary.  The revenue of the bitcoin banks who will own that network will not depend on the bitcoin price ponzi, but on the fees charged to the bitcoiners who will be forced to use it. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:09:42


Nothing prevents someone from making a copy of the BitcoinCore pachage and including the same blocksize limit change that Gavin proposes to add to XT; and vice-versa. Indeed, someone *should* do that if there is sufficient interest in either version.
So, calling the two branches "Corecoins" and "Gavcoins" and identifying them with Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin XT (or Todd and Gavin) is misleading: it is confusing two versions *of the protocol* with two github software packages that may implement either version. Better call them "smallblock coins" and "bigblock coins" instead.


Keeping the transaction requests compatible with both chains is madness.  Clients will not know what a request will do, their wallets will become inconsistent with both chains, and they may even lose coins if they discard private keys to addresses that were emptied in one chain but not the other.
I don't see any sane way to do a fork other than to change the formats of wallets, blocks, and requests, effective immediately after the programmed fork, so that the items valid for each version are definitely invalid for the other, independently of what UTXOs they use or what blocks they point to.  Then clients will be able to handle either clone of their coins, or both, by using the proper version of the software, or both versions.
Also, transaction signatures must be version-salted so that no "bad samaritan" will be able to translate third party requests intended for one chain into requests valid for the other chain.
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:29:23
Each miner MAY create a block of any size up to MAX. Each client and node MUST be capable of handling blocks of MAX size.  Is that so hard to understand?
@_date: 2015-06-12 19:30:03
With a block of the proper size they coudl knock out a percentage of clients and nodes, while still being accepted by a majority of the miners (hence earning the block reward, ~5750 USD today).  A miner who has 1% of the haspower coudl do that in less than 1 day.  If someone pays him a couple thousand dollars to do that, it would be in their interest to do it, even considering the greater risk of being orphaned.
@_date: 2015-06-28 15:52:52


Rather: the claim is that Blockstream does not want *the capacity of the bitcoin network to increase*, so that bitcoin users are forced to move to an overlay layer as soon as possible.


Rather: it is is the Blockcstream people who have been pushing for and implmenting changes without worrying about their effect on the security of the network.


Rather: it is the Blockstream guys who *want* small blocks so that the number of transactions remains bounded and the cost per transaction remains as high as possible.


Rather: it is Blockctream who wants everyone to move to an overlay network which no one knows whether it will be secure at all.


Rather: are aware that the design of layer 2 is almost as advanced as Leonardo's design of the airplane.


Rather: have found out that Blockstream hasn't the foggiest idea of how the LN will work, how much it will cost to users, how much traffic it will take out of the bitcoin network, how big it can grow, or how it can grow at all without forcing everybody to migrate to it at the same time, by holding their bitcoins hostage.
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:02:13
That explanation seems to match my understanding. 
If the new version allows blocks &gt;1 MB, by whatever mechanism, it allows blocks are invalid under the old (current) version.  That is, any new version that allows big blocks will be more pemissive than than the old one. Therefore the fork will be a hard fork.  No?
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:03:33
I believe the bitcoin-as-investment ponzi will eventually collapse anyway, with or without the block increase, and the price will go back to single digits or less.  Then centralized mining will not make sense, and bitcoin will again return to what it was meant to be -- a remarkable computer technology experiment, mined and used only by computer tech guys, for its technical interest.
Nevertheless, as a computer scientist, I cannot avoid contributing my 2 satoshis to the technical debate about the increase and its consequences.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:25:09
They should not open businesses.
If a business asks you to send them money for investment or safekeeping, or to pay in advance for some goods or services, you have the right to know who they are and what they did before.   (Conversely, if they send you goods or services on credit, they have the right to know who you are.)
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:27:40


Well, I have seen this claim made many times too.  Maybe one day bitcoiners will understand why the concept "property", as opposed to "possession" and "control", does not make sense without a third party that can resolve disputes and enforce it.


This proves "control", not "property".  If you stole the coins, or they were placed in the locker by mistake, they are not your property, even if you have control over them


.1. "Hey Joe, I am trying to get a loan from the bank, and they want to be sure that I am solvent.  I told them that I have more than 2000 bitcoins.  They asked me to move 1937.23 of them to some other address to prove that.  I know that you have lots of bitcoins, could you do that for me, and tell me the address? Thanks buddy..."
.2. "OK Jack, this is you last chance to pay the ten grand you owe me and get out of this alive.  Chaz and Jeff here will take you to the bank and wait for you outside.  You ask the bank for a loan of 10'000.  The bank will demand collateral; you tell them that you have 2000 BTC.  They will ask you to move some, then and there, to prove that you control them. The private key is in this Trezor, and here is the PIN. You know how it works.  You create new addresses with the Trezor and move the coins there, as they tell you.  Then you hand over the cash and the Trezor to Chaz, and you can go live your rotten life.  Try to pull a trick on me, and you won't get as far as the next corner."
.3. "Yes, Miss Jonston -- may I call you Francine? No? Ok, see, those coins were indeed under my control, as I demonstrated infront of you; but unfortunately I created the address with software provided by a company called Blockchain.Info, which, as you may have heard, once or twice released a broken random number generator that created low-entropy private keys, and...  Ok, I will cut it short.  Some hacker got hold of the private key of that address, not by my fault, and moved them to some address of his own, right after my demonstration.  No, sorry, there is no way to get them back. No, sorry, there is no department of security at bitcoin.  Yes, that is right, Miss Johnston, I have spent the money already, and my collateral is just gone. I guess that is it, sorry.  No, wait, before you do that, let's talk, there must be a way..."
@_date: 2015-06-06 02:34:02
Sounds a bit ambitious...
@_date: 2015-06-14 16:25:28


The original post claimed that bitcoin was increasing in value.  I just pointed out that it is not, it is decreasing.
The price now is 95% defined by speculation, not usage, so it cannot indicate anything except the market's current expectations about the future market's expectations about future market's expectations about future market expectations about...
The best indications we have about actual usage are the numbers released by BitPay a month or two ago, and the Overstock quarterly reports filed with the SEC.  The former match what we could guess by snooping their input wallet.   Usage does not seem to have grown over the past 18 months.
@_date: 2015-06-08 01:50:18


But any algorithm that the "good" miners can mine can also be mined by the "bad" miners; who can maintain a majority on any alternative blockchain.  So the only way to escape would be to switch to an algorithm that none of the current ASIC miners can use.
Then the "old" bitcoin will be dead, and there will be two  "new" bitcoins, both being hard forks from the original.  One has only a slight change to the protocol (say, a stretched halving schedule, or a hard mininum fee), the same dificulty, the same PoW algorithm with several ASICs already in production, and a 300 PH/s network.  The other has the old halving schedule, an artificially lowerd difficulty, an incompatible PoW that would require new ASIC and/or mining rigs, and a puny CPU-based mining network with only 1 billionth of the original hashpower.  Which one will get the most users?
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:17:03


Dunno, maybe:
+ Midas turning Greece into solid gold
+ Jason stealing the Golden Fleece
+ Heracles cleaning the Augean Stables
@_date: 2015-06-24 17:22:22


You lock up 10 BTC for 1 week when opening a channel, and send a 1 BTC "check" through it.  You cannot close the channel and get back the 9 BTC until the other end cashes the "check", or the timeout expires.  (With a bank account, you can take the remaider out of the account at any time.)


You lock up 10 BTC to open a channel to the hub, then send two "checks" through that channel and through the hub to Starbucks and to McDonalds, of 8 BTC each.  Who is going to prevent that? (Not the bitcoin network, since it does not see the "checks".  Not the merchants, since they should't and would't watch each other.  So...)
@_date: 2015-06-26 02:09:39
OK.  I should have writen "moral right" which of course is not at all the same as "legal right".  As for not being as level-headed as a Zen monk, well, ok, but you try being one after having to read what I had to read, for a whole year...
@_date: 2015-06-28 05:09:37
Not necessarily.  Even before the network gets saturated, even a single miner can force the fees to go up.  It depends on how much hashpower he has and how many users are willing to pay more for a shorter expected time.  See [this analysis](  If just 2-3 Chinese miners agree to do it, even if they don't have a majority, they can force  asignificant hike in the fees.
@_date: 2015-06-07 16:06:21
The one that matters most is the concentration of miners, since group of miners who controls more than half of the hashpower could starve the other miners, block certain addtresses or transactions indefinitely, etc.  
[This chart]( (which does not seem to have a link in the blockchain.info home page, and is unavailable now since Blockchain.Info is offline) shows that the top 4 mining pools already control 61% of the hashpower.  I read somewhere that they are all based in China; and, presumably, most of their members are in China, too.  So, in theory, the Chinese government could do some nasty things to bitcoin by pressuring the controllers of those pools.
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:41:29


Perhaps the *LN* developers don't, but, from all the posts here, the current *BitcoinCore* developers seem to think of saturation as thing to look forward to (to put it mildly)
@_date: 2015-12-07 23:23:57


Yes.  When people started talking of GPU-based mining software, Satoshi asked for a moratorium on such things.  But he disappeared before ASICs came out and mining became viable only for large industrial-scale plants.
EDIT: ^ before
@_date: 2015-12-05 19:58:48
Yes, the 21BC is not a miner: it is definitely a computer with an attached mining chip.  We are dissecting it as if it was a computer with an attached mining chip.  What does one gain by physically attaching the two (or physically attaching the mining chip to any other device)?  
@_date: 2015-12-20 11:13:49
Tax authorities in most countries are just as smart as those in the US, especially when dealing with fishes of Jimmy's size.   Jimmy may try Somalia or Northern Iraq ...
@_date: 2015-12-23 10:54:54
Con artists do not "work"  by refusing to reveal their IDs. Their trick is having multiple IDs, and using a "clean" one each time.  How will Ethereum prevent this kind of fraud?
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:04:50
The chip may be a good option for industrial mining (unless it has some problems other than efficiency).  However it assembles the header itself and directs any revenue to an address owned by 21co.  So it cannot be used for industrial mining, except by miners who accept being captive members of the 21co pool.


The problem is that the chip will **not** mine a few cents per day.  It will only mine full blocks, so it will mine a full block once every 200 years or more, and nothing at all the rest of the time.  The $0.07 per day that it "mines" actually are provided by 21co, and kept in their blockchain address; they are not really sent to the device, but are recorded in a database kept by 21co.  
True, the chip has to prove to 21co that it has been working; but there is no flow of bitcoins "from the chip to the device", in any meaningful sense.  The chip sends periodic proof-of-work (not mined blocks) to 21co, and 21co adds a few cents per day to the device's entry in their database.  When the device needs some satoshis, it contacts 21co and asks them to send those credits somewhere else, off-chain or on-chain.
Then, what is the point of having the chip **attached** to the device?  It would make more sense to put the chips in a mining rig, in the basement or in a mine in China: the mined bitcoins would be just as accessible to de device, and would be much cheaper. 
Moreover, it is totally unlikely that a device that mines X satoshis per day will need exactly X satoshis per day for its purposes.  Again, it makes much more sense to put the chips together, not assigned to any particualr device, and supply to each device just the satoshis that it needs and deserves -- even if that is 10000 times X, or 1/100 of X.
@_date: 2015-12-11 19:10:03
Me too.
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:50:06
How many blocks were rewound?  Can't be 2 or 3; it must have taken a couple of hours to identify the problem and convince everybody to roll back.
They refunded only one or two miners for whom 1-2 blocks meant a lot, perhaps?
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:37:56


The saboteurs will not be "malicious miners".  They will be volunteers who will renounce some of their revenue, for a few days at most, in order to protect the value of the coin and ensure that the fork will have no major effect for the majority of the clients. The bad guys are the miners who want to keep mining the old chain, and split the coin, even though they are a minority.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:55:27
Somehow the devs put in their heads that, when the network will become congested, there will be a "fee market" that will make bitcoin work better -- according to libertarian principles, or whatever.  RBF/CPFP are tools needed for that market.  
It will not work, for reasons that anyone with an ounce of business sense should see.  Good luck trying to get them to understand that.
And of course don't expect them to care about the effect of that on BitPay and other businesses out there.  In their dictionary, 'consensus' is whatever they decide among themselves.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:41:11
Methink it was necessary for people to pay attention to the problem.  
It showed that even a small player can create a large backlog with modest expense.
It showed that when the input transaction rate is close to the network capacity, even a small increase in that rate can create a huge backlog.
The previous stress test (on a late friday night) used only free transactions, so the fee-paying transactions were delayed only slightly.  This one used fee-paying transactions: it will be interesting to see how it affected the ordinary fee-paying transactions.
Although it is likely that both sides of the block size debate will claim that the test supported their position... 8-/
@_date: 2015-06-05 21:56:55
The image does not seem to be photoshopped, but the shelving may be computer graphics.
For it being a real photo: The shelves are slightly misaligned and curved under the weight of the mining boxes.  Some network cabling is visible underneath.  The walls seem realistic enough.
For it being computer graphics: Everything is spotlessly clean, even the white floor, even under the shelves.  There is no power cabling visible, or any object other than the shelves and mining boxes (such as extinguishers, smoke detectors, disjunctor boxes, conduits, wall screws -- anythng that would require non-trivial modeling)
@_date: 2015-06-04 03:27:17
OK, I am game. 8-)  
For simplicity assume each transaction has a single input and a single output, with fields (inaddr,amount,outaddr,timestamp,protocol) all signed.  The timestamps need not be issued or executed in order; but will usually be.
Each entry L of the distributed ledger contains basically one confirmed transaction L.tx, augmented wth two timestamps L.inlastwid,L.outlastwid, two balances L.inbal,L.oubal, and two links L.inprev,L.outprev.  The field L.inprev links to the most recent previous ledger entry X where L.tx.inaddr appears as X.tx.inaddr or X.tx.outaddr.  Same for L.outprev.  The fields L.outbal and L.inbal are the current balances of L.tx.inaddr and L.tx.outaddr, including the effect of executing L.tx.
By following the inprev and outprev links from a ledger entry L, one could recover the full history H(L.tx.inaddr,L) of all executed transactions that have affected (withdrawn from or deposited to) L.tx.inaddr, up to and including L.  Similarly one could get H(L.tx.outaddr,L), the list of all executed transactions that have affected L.tx.outaddr, up to and including L.
The field L.inlastwid is the max timestamp among all executed transactions up to L that have **withdrawn** funds from L.tx.inaddr; namely, the largest X.tx.timestamp among all entries X in H(L.tx.inaddr,L) that have X.tx.inaddr = L.tx.inaddr.  
*Almost* analogously, the field L.outlastwid is the largest timestamp among all executed transactions that have **withdrawn** (not deposited!) money from L.tx.outaddr; that is, the maximum X.timestamp among all entries X in H(L.tx.outaddr,L) with X.tx.**inaddr** = L.tx.outaddr.
Let LAST(addr) denote the most recently processed entry L in the ledger where address addr is mentioned, i.e. with addr = L.tx.inaddr or addr = L.tx.outaddr.
To validate a transaction request txrq, the system checks its signature and then gets L = LAST(txrq.inaddr).  Let's suppose that txrq.inaddr = L.tx.inaddr, i.e. the last action on txrq.inaddr was another withdrawal.  (the other case, txrq.inaddr = L.tx.outaddr).
If txrq.timestamp &gt; L.inlastwid, and L.inbal is not less than txrq.amount plus any fees, the transaction txrq cannot be a duplicate of an already executed transaction, and it is considered valid.  
If txrq.timestamp &lt;= L.tx.inlastwid, then txrq may be a double-issue, or just an unprocessed transaction that happened to be delayed and processed out of order.  Only in this case the log H(txrq.inaddr,L) has to be searched backwards until an entry X with X.tx.inaddr = txrq.inaddr and X.inlastwid &lt; txrq.timestamp, or X.tx.outaddr = txrq.inaddr and X.outlastwid &lt; txrq.timestamp. If an identical transaction is found, txrq is rejected, otherwise it is considerd valid.
Once txrq is validated, the system fetches M = LAST(txrq.outaddr), and appends a new entry N  to the ledger, with N.tx = txrq, and updated values of N.inbal,N.outbal,N.inlastwid,N.outlastwid,N.inprev,N.outprev, computed from L, txrq, and M.
How to get this to work in a distributed-consensus tamper-proof atomic untrusted network is left as an exercise to the reader. ;-)
As an outsider, would expect that the cost (to me and to the system) of processing my t transactions that involve m distinct sender and receiver addresses, out of a total of n addresses in the world, should be something like O(t + m log n).  That would be the expected cost of a centralized solution. Can we get that with a distributed system?
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:32:30
AFAIK pool members do not even know the size of the block they are hashing, do they?
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:42:19
Perhaps you are thinking of [this one](  If so, it was BitGold, not Amagi.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:50:17


I cannot parse this part.  What is the connection between NASDAQ/Amazon/Apple and the "test"?
@_date: 2015-06-26 12:22:15


Well, I see it differently:  the small-blockians say "we have a solution; let the disaster happen so that we can use it".  The big-blockians say "your solution is not ready and we don't think that it will work; let's apply this patch that will postpone the disaster for a few years more".
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:13:02


OK, so you admit that adoption has *not* increased over the last 18 months...


Apart from the usage as currency, there is nothing that will make bitcoins worth anything.   Scarcity by itself does not make something valuable.
Even today, it is claimed by salesmen like the Winklevosses that they will "some day" be worth a fortune because bitcoin should capture 1% (say) of the volume of payments processed by credit card companies, which is about 10 trillion dollars per year; and then a simple math implies an astronomical value for 1 bitcoin. 
But then, if they are never going to see that level of usage as a currency, they will not have that astronomical value in the future.  The speculation then has to feed upon itself: it is valuable today because it will be more valuable in the future, and it will be more valuable in the future because it will be even more valuable in a more distant future -- and so on, forever, without ever touching ground.  
That is why the price is so volatile: not being pegged to anything, any whiff of optimism or pessimism makes traders change its present valuation.  For the same reason, any sizable buy and sell just moves the price, without the rebound that is usually seen in stocks and other assets with a value backed by fundamentals.
And that is also one of the reasons why the price has been dropping: it is becoming more and more difficult to "sell" to potential investors those claims of a million-dollar bitcoin "some day".
@_date: 2015-06-12 20:24:28
Oh, you again...
@_date: 2015-06-19 02:57:06


That would be 0.50 USD per transaction.  Decided by Blockstream with no public discussion right?  And you consider a block size increase to 8 MB "risky"?  
@_date: 2015-06-29 11:59:14
They claim "At a cost of 0.0001 per kb (as per standard fees)".  That will be 0.1 BTC per totally full block.  At the nominal block rate, it would be 0.01 BTC/minute, 0.05 BTC every 5 minutes.  They may be assuming 5 blocks/min, or sending some transactions with higher fees.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:49:00


Not really, because they cannot know beforehand what is "low" and what is "high".
Even assuming that all miners are  "stupidly greedy" and just want to maximize the total fees in their blocks,  the probability of a transaction with fee F being included in the next block is ~1 if the size of all transactions in the queue with fees greater than or equal to F is less than the max block size limit; and ~0 otherwise.  
So, if there is a backlog, then a client who is trying to choose the proper fee will have to guess what fees will be chosen by other clients who are in the queue *or are about to enter it*; and picka fee F that will place his request sufficiently close to the front of the queue.  Trouble is, those clients too are trying to do the same.  If the client guesses too low, he will notice that his transaction is below the cutoff to enter the next block, *and will probably keep sliding down the queue* as more requests arrive; so he will have to re-issue it with a higher fee.  But other clients will do the same too...
In other words, if a backlog of fee-paying transactions ever develops, it will become impossible to pick a fee that ensures service within some arbitrary waiting time.
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:12:05
Is that the first or the last block of the blockchain?
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:00:47
There is no need for a special mechanism for migration.  
IF the fork occurs when there is still significant mining power on both camps, then bitcon will split into two cryptocoins,"smallcoin" and "bigcoin", each with its own blockchain (that share the part up to the forck).  Each bitcoin holder will then have equal amounts of smallcoin and of bitcoin, sitting at the same addresses in each chain, and accessible with the same private keys,  
In my understanding, the safest way to implement the fork is to make sure that wallets, blocks, and transaction requests of each version are not recognized as valid by the other version.  IN THAT CASE, each of the two coins can be moved, sold, or spent independently from the other version, by using the proper version of the software and wallet.  
HOWEVER, in order to preserve the value of the coin and minimize confusion and work for the clients, every effort should be made to get everybody to switch to the same side before the fork, and have the other coin die immediately after it.  Then the fork will be a non-event that clients need not even know that it happened (except perhaps for having to download a new version sometime before it.)
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:12:32
Sigh. The reporter is so conditioned by the bitcoin mindset that he does not even grasp the difference between a *currency* and a *payment system*.
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:27:16
Then what you are saying is that you will not use the LN, or use it for only some payments.
Note that in the LN you must lock a certain amount of coins with the channel that is at least equal to the next 3 or more payments that you intend to make through that channel.  If you have only one channel, that goes to some hub, presuamby you don't want to lock more than your estimated expense budget for the next week.
@_date: 2015-06-25 12:13:28


Correct me if I am wrong, but a miner with 20% of the hashpower can try double-spending a transaction that is on the queue with a privately generated transaction, and succeed 20% of the time.
His chances are much better if, after the original transaction got to the queue and the merchant approved it, another 3000 transactions with higher fees are issued, and 2500 more are issued every 10 minutes.  Then the original transaction will be held off the blockchain for as long as needed for the malicious miner to mine the double-spend.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:08:22


BECAUSE, WITH THAT INSANE BITCOIN FEE AND SERVICE POLICY, NEITHER CLIENTS NOR MINERS HAVE ANY WAY OF KNOWING WHAT IS THE RIGHT PRICE.  
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:09:43


The current fee formula will not work in that case.  That fact has no consequence now, because the fee is negligible and only useful to reduce the risk of DDOS by spamming transactions.  When fees will become important, their unpredictability will be be another reason for users, both consumers and corporations, to shun bitcoin in favor of centralized solutions or closed blockchains.  
Because of the way that miners assemble transactions into blocks, the "fee market" will be not a free market at all.  For a market to be free, the consumers must be able to choose freely among the suppliers, and must know beforehand the price and service quality of each one, and must have confidence that they will get the service if they pay the price.  In bitcoin, the clients cannot choose who will mine the next block, do not know how long it will take to come out, and do not know whether their transaction will be included in it. 
There is a reason why bus companies publish fixed ticket prices for each route and time in advance, assign seats on a first-come, first-serve basis, and do not let the driver decide on his own who can board.
@_date: 2015-06-27 04:29:14
I suspect that we live in different planets...
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:32:38
Indeed. Done.
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:31:47
Miners need bandwidth and hardware too.  Maybe not much bandwidth as a node, but definitely more hardware.  Are there any pics of a node farm somewhere?
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:20:54
It was &gt;60% in the 1-month stats.  Note that BTC-China changed their ID strings or whatever and are no shown as "unknown" in the BCI piechart.
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:47:43


Ok, you are right,the question is not *formally* the same thing as the hypothesis.  The hypothesis would be any of the two answers of a yes/no question.  What I meant is that, for the purpose of the Scientific Method, choosing the question as the same effect as choosing one of the two hipotheses.
That is, in theory you do not have to decide which answer you favor, and the experimend should not depend on that decision.  You could pick the question "Are ravens black or not?", the hypothesis "Ravens are black", or the hypothesis "Ravens are not black", and in all three cases you should design the same experiment -- one that will convincingly answer the question, by disproving one of those two hypotheses and proving the other.
And my point, as you seem to agree, is that in practice one often needs to have a strong and "irrational" hope in one of the hypotheses in order to decide to undertake the experiment.  
@_date: 2015-06-13 01:06:46
Thanks!  But it does not seem to answer my questions: 
In typical payments between several customers and several merchants, like supermarkets and restaurants, who has to commit bitcoins beforehand, how much, and for how long?  
Who is going to prevent a customer who locked only 10 Ƀ on his channel to MtBOX, from trying to pay 8 Ƀ each to Tesco and Amazon?
My doubt about the last question is that, since the transactions are all happening off the blockchain, the entity that prevents the double spend cannot be the Bitcoin Network.  It cannot be Tesco or Amazon, since each does not want to know about transactions of the other.  So, do the merchants have to trust MtGOX to prevent that from happening?
@_date: 2015-06-17 11:45:05
My guess: it was the joint announcement by the top Chinese miners that they support increasing the max block size to 8 MB.  The timing fits, and the Chinese exchanges are leading the rally.
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:22:46


Then the team of saboteurs simply adopts the same consensus rules and keeps jamming.  Note that the saboteurs are not mining the new branch; they are mining the old branch, orphaning all the blocks of the "rebel" minority.  
@_date: 2015-06-25 05:17:34


One thing that changed is that the Bitcoin Core package was appropriated by a company that intends to repurpose bitcoin from its stated goal (p2p payment system etc.) to a purpose that it was not designed for (settlement layer for the Ligntning network).
@_date: 2015-06-27 12:58:05


But it is not, AFAIK.  
There are detailed descriptions of the *payment channels* (although the implications and risks may not have been fully analyzed yet).  There is even a working service (streamium) that uses them for micropayments.  
However, payment channels are only one of the building blocks of the LN.  It will need many other software and humanware components -- that have not been entirely specified yet, and no one seems to know exactly how they will work once assembled.
@_date: 2015-06-23 02:05:16
Sorry, I read it on a couple of posts, many months ago; cannot finf them now...
@_date: 2015-06-09 04:36:27


Indeed that is a source of possible confusion.  However, mapping the old addresses to new addresses for the newcoin would be a huge hassle.  The old coin would continue to use the old addresses; that is an advantage that the new-coiners will not want to give to the old-coiners.
Note that both camps must assume that almost all players will join their side before the fork (by upgrading, or by deciding not to upgrade), so that the other one branch will die almost immediately after the fork.  In that case, the players will not even feel the fork as it gets triggered.  For this to happen, both branches must use the same addresses before and after the fork.


It is best to think that the UTXOs before the fork are duplicated as soon as the fork happens, even though the blocks before the fork are indentical in the two versions.  Then, after the fork there will be just two coins, smallcoin and bigcoin, each with a history going back to 2009-01-03.
@_date: 2015-06-23 15:47:57
Move over Antonopoulos, Bitcoin got a new salesman on steroids. ;-)
(Amazing how he can claim straight faced that Bitcoin using 100x the compunting power of Google is *good*. )
BTW, I still would like to know how much power the 21.co chip consumes, what is its hash rate, and how many mm^2 it occupies.
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:37:31
But the goal is precisely to prevent a transaction request from being executed on both sides.  This seems to be much more confusing to the client than executing his requests only on the branch corresponding to his software version.  
With (occasional) double execution, the resulting mess may be unfixable; whereas with true network split the coins on the other side are safe, even if the client does not understand what he is doing.  
Finally, in the unlikely event that both coins retain some value, double-execution will cause him to lose money.  
I can't even think clearly about double-execution.  It is the very definition of "broken". I don't understand why some devs apparently want it. Is it because the term "network split" is heresy (even when one of the branches is almost certain to die, immediately or after a few days at most)?
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:15:59
Don't be silly. I do not have Fear, and my Uncertainty and Doubt grow less and less every day. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-13 17:18:11
OK, but wouldn't the hub that connects 100'000 customers to Tesco have to lock up a hundred million pounds with them in advance, for a month? Wouldn't Tesco have to wait for a month before getting their customers' money?
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:26:11
If 80% of the hashpower is on the big-block side, they can jam the small-block chain without losing revenue, but stealing all revenue from the small-block miners. 
Indeed the majority side *should* use its hashpower to sabotage the minority chain, in order to prevent a coin split, client confusion, and possible coin losses.  
Because of that, you don't want to be running the minority version of the software when the fork happens. .
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:12:07
 It would be ~~fun~~ scientifically profitable to see this test repeated after enough nodes implement replace-by-fee and/or child-pays-for-parent, and enough wallets out there implement interactive fee bidding.
@_date: 2015-06-14 03:55:44
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:19:58


Yes.  That is the only money coming into the bitcoin system: from the new bitcoin investors, the people who are buying bitcoins to increase their holdings.
Actually the new investors also have to provide money for the payoff and profit of the divestors -- the earlier investors who are spending or selling coins to reduce their holdings.  And also for the main revenue of all bitcoin service companies, like exchanges, payment processors, etc..  No one knows how much these other two drains take out of the system each day.
That is the reason why the price has been falling for the last 18 months: it has been inreasingly difficult to find new investors willing to put that kind of money into the system.  Back in January, the new investors were providing 3.2 million USD every day, just for the miners.
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:51:24
Read the history of Papal election councils.  That method has been tested several times, but does not always work... 8D
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:51:27
[They supported 8MB now](  They did not decide for or against regular increases, but say that 8MB would be "a strong foundation for future discussions around the block size"
The block size *limit* would increase to 16 MB only in 2018-01.  Gavin's proposal implicitly assumes that the demand would still be less than 8 MB/block at that point.  So, the new limit would not have much consequence for a while longer after that.  If miners know 2 years beforehand that the blocks may be 16 MB, they can prepare themselves for that event.
@_date: 2015-06-03 22:30:19
... and by ignoring non-snarky, well-reasoned criticisms of dynamic size limit and of triggering the change by adoption threshold .  Well, why bother.
@_date: 2015-06-06 22:57:19
"Worse" only for those who would want to use it as a longterm store of value; which is not the purpose of a currency.
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:19:40
There is no need to rush: the transaction rate is still only 30-40% of the network's capacity, and it is not growing that fast.   Once there is a concrete proposal to increase (to 8 MB, that seems to be the growing consensus), and a properly checked version of the software that implements its, there need to be a couple of months time before the limit is actually increased, to give time for everybody to to migrate to the new version.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:50:19


That is what I understood, but then it means that a hub that serves 1'000'000 customers who may spend 10 BTC per month randomly divided among 1000 merchants would have to lock up 10'000'000 BTC with each merchant, for a total of 10 billion BTC.  So maybe Jon Matonis was not trolling after all. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:21:04


Actually, the small-blockian plan promises a far more entertaining disaster than the big-blockian one. 
@_date: 2015-06-24 11:11:14


I see it as the Blockstream folks against Gavin and pretty much everybody else.
@_date: 2015-06-19 23:18:44
What are the conclusions for 8 MB, specifically? How worse is the risk, compared to 1 MB? 
Keep in mind that the actual block sizes will not increase to 8 MB immediately.  Traffic is ~120'000 tx/day now, expected to saturate at ~300'000 tx/day. At the current rate of increase of traffic (60'000 tx/day/year, apparently linear), the 1 MB blocks should be sufficient to avoid backlogs for several years. So if the "big-blockian" version scheduels the limit increase only 2 years from now, the risks described in the paper will not be increased until then.
One hard fork that should be executed as soon as possible is to impose a significant minimum fee with significant monetary value, say 0.0004 BTC (0.10 USD at current price); *in the protocol* so that miners cannot process lower-fee transactions even if they wanted to.  That may inviabilize some non-commercial uses and some low-value commercial ones, but should drastically cut down spam and any intentional fake traffic.  Then an 8 MB limit may be good enough for the next 20 years...
The bitcoin community must learn to do hard forks regularly, every 1 year perhaps.
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:01:29


I have no special love fro Gavin, but I am really bothered by this attempt to paint him as the bad guy in this dispute.
My udnerstanding is that he tried to get the "new devs" to agree, and since they wouldn't, and he believed that the increase was necessary, he contacted many people in the community, then made a public proposal, wrote the code, and now submitted the BIP.  Whereas I have yet to see the BIP for the plan to repurpose bitcoin as a settlement layer and make it unusable for its original purpose...  
@_date: 2015-06-06 15:05:42
Good question.  How would I pay for a pizza? For my rent? For my utility bill?  For a website subscription?
@_date: 2015-12-09 20:07:13
Since [other parts of the leaked material are almost certainly forged]( methinks one should be highly suspicious of this document too.
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:11:14
It would be interesting to see the last extrapolation repeated for the first 1000 and first 2000 nodes.
One could say that the problem is not 'blocks are too big' but 'nodes are too poorly connected'.  Which is only one consequence of there being no incentive for nodes...
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:57:27
Thanks!  
Since most of those intermediate transactions are not going to be inserted in the blockchain, who is going to ensure that there are no double spends?  Say, if I open a channel to Coinbase locking 10 BTC, what prevents me from paying 8 BTC to Bob and 7 BTC to Charlie, who are both connected to Coinbase, out of those 10 BTC?  Do they have to trust that Coinbase will check for that?
@_date: 2015-06-22 13:56:14
Mike Hearn's analysis shows that, if there is a backlog of fee-paying transactions, there will *not* arise a nice "fee market" that small-blockians assume, but chaos; because of the way that bitcoin *actually* actually works.  
And the small-blockians further assume that all the wallet programs out there should be modified to remain connected to the network and continuously monitor the queues (not just the mined blocks), possibly interacting with the user several times to ask for permission to increase the fees.  That is a *big* change in the bitcoin transaction model, from the user's viewpoint.  Calling it a "trivial change" is the Guiness of irresponsability...
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:00:13
Actually, if you send your coins to an exchange before the fork, after the fork it is the exchange that will own the two copies of those coins, "bitcoin A" and "bitcoin B".  While you trade inside the exchange, it does not matter whether you are running the old or the new version of the software.  Several things may happen:
+ The exchange has decided to deal only with "A" coins.  Your account at the exchange will consist of "A" coins only.  To withdraw or deposit, you need to run the "A" version of the software. Then:
+ + If  the "B" coins are worthless or the owner is not nice, he will just keep your "B" coins.
+ + If the "B" coins are worth something and the owner is nice he will let you withdraw your "B" coins to your address on the "B" chain.
+ If the exchange has decided to handle both coins, you will find that you have two bitcoin accounts with the same balance, one with bitcoins "A", one with bitcoins "B".  You can trade each kind separately, as if they were bitcoins and litecoins.  When you withdraw "A" coins, they wiill go to an address of yours on the "A" chain, ditto for "B" coins.  
+ If the exchange uses the "A" version of the software for some time after the fork, and then decides to switch to the "B" version, their hot and cold wallets will regress to their state as of before the fork, only with "B" coins instead of "A".  If their clients have deposited or withdrawn coins after the fork, the exchange's database will be inconsistent with the blockchain, and chaos will result.
In any case, you will need to run the "A" version of the software to deposit  "A" coin or use the "A" coins that you withdrew, and the "B" version for the "B" coins.
@_date: 2015-06-27 23:17:52


Not quite. Rather, there is a common misconception that the "problem" of voting is only to prevent fraud during the counting of the votes.  In fact the problem is to prevent fraud AND VOTER COERCION during the CAPTURE of the votes.  That is why voting through the internet or mobile devices is out of the question, no matter what fancy technology one may throw at it.  Votes must be cast in a secure voting cabin where the voter (and everybody else) can trust that no one is snooping, by a device that he (and everybody else) can trust that will not connect him to the vote.  And the voter cannot be allowed to take any electronic device into that voting environment.
There are already very good, cheap, tested solutions for that "problem", so it is not a problem actually.  The really tough problem is keeping snake oil salesmen from duping the people into buying high-tech "solutions" that actually make voting unsafe.  May they rot in hell... 
@_date: 2015-06-05 11:52:21


Gold price was ~200 $/oz until 1978 or so.  Then it had a first bubble that stabilized at ~400 in the early 1980s.  It dropped gradually from there and was ~300 in 2001.  Then it had a second bubble that peaked at 1800 $/oz in 2012, and has dropped to ~1200 $/oz since then. 
Those who bought and sold it in 2001--2012 got lucky at the roulette.  Those who bought in 2011-2013 and sold later, or are still holding, paid the prizes for those lucky guys.  For these losers, it was a terrible store of value, that ate up to 1/3 of their money (and it must have been an awful lot of money that was invested in that period).  Gold may easily drop even further and go back to 200--400 $/oz; the price history strongly indicates that its "fundamental floor" is no more than that.
Over the past 18 months, bitcoin has been worse.  Who knows how many people out there are holding bitcoins that they bought for 1000 $/BTC or more.  Almost everybody who bought since 2013-11-04 lost money, some lost 5/6 of what they put in.  The people who invested in BIT shares put at least 68 million into an asset that is now worth less than 39  million (a 50% loss).
Something that *sometimes* multiplies your 1$ by 100, but sometimes divides your 100'000$ by 6, is not a good store of value. It is a crazy lottery game, where you know neither the odds nor the prize.  Lottery tickets and roulette tables are not good stores of value.
The bitcoin phenomenon has taken an unknown amount of money -- on the order of a billion dollars, perhaps more -- from some people, gave hundreds of millions to other people, and burned several hundred million in electricity and mining equipment.  Many opportunists like Silbert, Andreessen, Gallippi, and the Winklevosses hope to scrape another few hundred million at least from gullible bitcoiners.  They know that Bitcoin will not be the world's currency, and therefore are not investing in it themselves; but of course they must keep spouting fantastic predictions to convince others to buy it.  Just like the gold peddlers must claim that the world's economy is on the verge of total collapse (while gold will miraculously retain its inflated value).
Stocks prices were clearly inflated by speculation from 1994 to 2009, and another bubble seems to have been inflating since then.  When this speculative bubble bursts, the Dow Jones average may drop back from 17'000 to 10'000, perhaps.  Still, some stocks had *genuine* good returns in recent years, that came from dividends and capital increases rather than self-fueled speculation.


That was a terrible decision, which turned what should have been a world's currency into the most bizarre ponzi scheme that the world has seen. 


An item that is used as a currency, without speculative investment, has a "natural" value given by the money velocity equation (which is not even economy, just algebra).  For bitcoin, at its present level of usage for payments, that value is somewhere below 10 $/BTC.
The value of a currency needs to be stable only over a period of a month or so; and, if there is no speculation, it will be sufficiently stable, because the volume of goods and services moved in the economy does not drop 20% in one day (like a speculative price often does).
The price of bitcoin should never have risen above that natural level of 1--10$.  The current price of 220 $/BTC is absurd and unsustainable, because it requires investors (not VC tpes, but the common folk who buy bitcoins) to put a million dollars a day into the system, just to reward the miners.  The supply of suckers is dwindling in China, in Europe, and in the US; that is why the millionaries in the game suddenly remembered that there are billions of poor in Africa, India, and Latin America, who could perhaps be milked too feed the ponzi for another year or two.  
To save the experiment, and perhaps the currency, the price should go back to the natural level.  In other words, the ponzi must collapse.  Like all ponzis, it surely will; so the question is only how much more misery it will still spread until then. 


On the contrary, the unsuitability of deflationary currencies has been known for centuries, since well before there were central banks and paper money.  That is why there have hardly been any such currencies in recent history, and all countries have abandoned the gold backing: the supply of gold could not grow as fast as the volume of trade, so it was deflationary relative to it.
I understand that the gold salesmen and libertarians have their own stupid economic theories, that ignore and flatly contradict the historical evidence, and state that "sound money" is a deflationary currency.  Well, bitcoin has been a refresher for those old lessons, a wonderful example of what happens to a "deflationary currency".  
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:21:08
Sorry to break the bad news, but most people outside of this community actually *want* governments, laws, courts, police, etc..
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:32:41
Maybe I did not make myself clear.  Most hard forks will surely be 1:99 or 99:1, and then the minority chain (old or new) will die almost immediately.  All those who care for bitcoin should aim for such outcome, whatever their personal preferences.
The problem is what will happen in the rare (but not impossible) cases when a split occurs, and the two branches have enough mining power to limp along.  Or even when the split is 1:99 but the dying branch manages to mine just one block that spends some UTXO in a different way than the other branch (a cross-branch double spend).
I believe that ensuring that transaction requests will be incompatible after the fork will be better (cleaner, safer, less confusing overall) than allowing each transaction be executed on both branches (or maybe only one, depending on things that the client will hardly understand).  
Note that, with compatible transactions, malicious miners, nodes, or third parties have more possibilities of sabotaging bitcoin.  (It was reported here that some  "small-blocker" threatened to map transaction requests between the two chains himself, if the "big-blockers" tried to change the transaction format after the fork.)
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:50:07
The mistake is trying to save a few bytes of memory by generating random bits on the fly every time.  The Bitcoin Foundation should generate a string of 256 random bits with a state-ot-the art random number generator, check it carefully for randomness, and publish that on their site.  Then all bitcoin software developers can just put that string in their code, instead of trusting a random number generator that may be buggy.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:03:09
The links in that post (a blog entry and a scanned document signed by the companies) seem legit, and I have seen no denials.  I know that OKCoin reads and posts in this subreddit.
It is not the first time that the main Chinese bitcoin players have issued a joint statement.  Back in May/2014 the five largest exchanges issued a pledge to clean up their act -- stop agressive marketing of bitcoin, fully comply with AML/KYC, make the trading field more even to non-robot traders, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:24:05


Right, and the team that wins at soccer is the one that makes the most goals.  I don't understand how someone could ever lose a soccer bet. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:42:56
Actually I worked for the São Paulo traffic planning company for a year or so in the 1970s, when I was just out of college.  But the stuff about queues and saturated networks I learned seeral years later, in grad school; I cannot recall where.
@_date: 2015-06-18 21:16:59
Fine, but only a small part of it is the specification of the *protocol* -- that is, of what is a valid blockchain.  The rest of the software is just *one* way of growing the blockchain while keeping it valid, hopefully in an efficient way; and other auxiliary tools for the convenience of clients, nodes, and miners.  This second par can be changed at will without triggering a fork, soft or hard.
@_date: 2015-06-06 01:18:02


As often hapens, miners may not follow the greedy policy, because it may not be the best policy in the long run.  It depends on numbers.
Suppose that a miner with 25% of the hashpower decides to push for higher fees, by only including in his blocks transctions that have 10x the standard minimum fee F (and announcing it).  
Since he mines 1 every 4 blocks, anyone who pays the standard fee will see the average confirmation time to increase by 33%, from ~10 min to ~13.3 min. 
Let's say that a fraction P of the clients will choose to pay the higher fee 10 x F, a fraction Q will just give up on bitcoin, while the rest will continue paying F and put up with the extra wait
The average amount of fees that the shark miner will collect for each block that he mines will be F before the policy change, and P x 10 x F after it.  So he will get more fee revenue as long as more than 10% of the clients choose to pay the higher fee.
Meanwhile, all the other miners, who used to collect F in fees for each block that they mined, on average, will start to collect 4/3 x (1 − P − Q) x F from low-fee transactions (including those that the shark miner rejected) and P x 10 x F from the high-fee ones, or (4/3 x (1 − P − Q) + 10 x P) x F.  
Assuming P is more than 10%, the change will be a win for them even if Q = 1 − P (i.e., even if all the clients who are unwilling to pay the higher fee drop out). If Q &lt; 1 − P, then the other miners will gain more than the shark miner himself.
This is a prisoner dilemma kind of situation: after the change, the shark miner would gain more *for the next block* if he acted greedily and included all transctions in the queue, whether high-fee or low-fee, like his greedy peers.  However, as soon as the clients notice his change of policy, they will go back to paying minimum fees, and he will lose more than he gained on that block.
@_date: 2015-06-27 00:02:34
I gather that a transaction with CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY cannot be cancelled (with coins returned to sender) ***not even by the recipient*** before the specified time has passed. 
I can't imagine why someone would want such a thing.  The irrevocability of transactions is already one of the flaws of bitcoin (only someone with no experience in accounting could consider that an advantage).  This operation is only another complicated way of losing coins.
A machine that cannot be stopped or reversed by humans is **not** a good thing.  In the inheritance example above, the person who makes the will must have the possibility of changing it later, if nothing else because the heir died or lost the private key.  
@_date: 2015-06-30 02:59:41


"Posting about the LN without understanding LN" seems far less irresponsible than "making bitcoin unusable and repurposing bitcoin to be LN's settlement layer without understanding LN"... ;-)


When you claimed that 


because you choose to interpret that sentence in a different sense than everybody interprets it.  


Oh.  Well, an emergency hard fork would be quite traumatic.  The way to do a hard fork is to post the code *now*, but program it so that the limit is lifted only six months from now.  That way, everybody has six months to upgrade, and patch and test any idependent software that may depend on the max block size.   In particular, even if there is no consensus initially,  that six-month delay is enough for the minority side to realize that it lost, and had better switch to the majority before the fork actually happens.  That way the fork will be a non-event.
In conctrast, an emergency hard fork, activated on a short notice, will leave a significant fraction of clients, miners, and services still on the old chain. Since no one wants to do a "clean" fork (with incompatible transactions), there would be considerable confusion as transactions may be executed on both chains or on only one. 
Moreover, after the network becomes congested, it will take some time before everybody recognizes that the congestion is permanent and a block size increase is needed.  Have you read the description of what happens as congestion approaches?  It starts with temporary backlogs that appear when there is either a surge of incoming traffic, or a few extra-large block intervals and/or empty blocks; but then clear out after a couple of hours.  So there will be many arguing that the situation is not really bad, it was a fluke, etc..
Both those traffic jams before the fork and the confusion after the fork will probably stretch out for weeks or months.  That woudl drive many users away from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-09 07:06:33
OK, I will wait for the more thorough explanations to be posted somewhere...
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:17:08
I am not a Deletionist, and don't agree with that rule; but they are the party in power now.  Good luck tryng to argue with them...
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:37:38


Actually they do have a very clever model, once you realize that the forex trades are just virtual and not real.
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:42:17


Only if they say in the TOS that they actually keep your BTC account as BTC.  But since one of their selling points is the instant conversion, they surely will not promise that.  They will only promise that they will let you withdraw USD or BTC immediately at the current maket price.


No, if the bitcoin account is pegged to USD, then whenever the price rises the BTC amount decreases.  On the contrary, to prevent losses and delays in conversion, they should keep the BTC accounts that are "pegged to USD"  as USD.
@_date: 2015-06-26 14:14:58
Bram Cohen's article was one of the most biased and disingenuous pies that flew in this fight.  
The instability of queues when the channels (roads, cashiers, etc) get close to capacity is a known mathematical fact.  I learned that decades ago, and anyone who works in network modeling knows that. Mike knew that, and even ran simulations to confirm it for the case of bitcoin.  The stress tests confirmed that quite clearly.  But it seems that none of the core devs knew that fact, and they still refuse to admit it.
Moreover, the practical obstacles that the details of the mining mining process pose to the development of an orderly "fee market" require a bit of competence in software engineering and usability, that Mike and Gavin have but the "new core devs" apparently don't.  (See the examples I gave above.)  The "new devs" may be expert cryptographers and ingenious hackers, but bitcoin's future would be much safer if Gavin and/or Mike were at the helm instead.
@_date: 2015-06-07 14:00:04
My opinion does not matter; what matters is the opinion of the stockholders of those companies, who are unlikely to be bitcoin believers.  They will look at the company's quarterly financial reports, see a red number next to "bitcoin holdings depreciation", look at the bitcoin price charts, and ask why that line is there at all.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:36:50


The exchanges will be inconvenienced only if they insist on staying with the minority coin, knowing that the mining majority will try to jam it "for the good of bitcoin".  That would hurt them, their customers, and bitcoin prices.
For the exchanges, self-interest clearly would push them to switch to the majority side before the fork, tell their clients that they have to ugrade before the fork too, and speak out in favor of the majority version as being "good for bitcoin" - in order to preserve the coin's value -- no matter what they actually think of it.


Bitcoin users and traders will not care for ideological aspects, so they will not drive the price down.  Long-term investors may want to dump, but they too will speak out in favor of the majority version and will minimize the importance of the fork, -- again,  in order to preserve the coin's value.  If the minority is smart, they will not make a fuss about it; then the fork will pass unnoticed and the price will hardly be affected.


Jamming the minority chain is not a "malicious attack": objectively, as viewed by someone who had no stake on either outcome, that jamming is necessary to prevent a coin split and ensure that the fork will be a non-event -- and therefore preserve the value of the coin, specifically transfer all the value to the version of the coin that the majority is mining.
We are discussing the fork to increase the block size limit.  Objectively, this fork is a prudent measure, whatever the blockchain is to be used for in the future (although an immediate jump to 20 MB may be too much, and 4 MB will probably be roomy enough for another few years.)  So, neither option --- switching to a bigger block, or staying with 1 MB -- coudl be considered a "malicious attack" by the miners.
But a mining majority could force the other players to accept even more "malicious" changes.  If the price does not increase significantly over the next year, miners who are operating with modest profit today -- say, 20% over costs and depreciation of investment -- wil find themselves in the red after the next halving.  (The previous halving on 2012-11-28 occurred 6 months after the start of of a rally that multiplied the price by 3x, from ~4 to ~13; threfore, mining must have been still very profitable by that date.  Now the price has been decreasing for ~18 months...)  It might be very tempting to them to push a change to raise the fees, or (better) postpone the next halving by a couple of years.   I don't see why they could not do that, too.
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:04:16
But bitcoin  and litecoin *already* are two incompatible chains. As incompatible as you can get. ;D
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:51:36
@_date: 2015-06-10 12:55:05
Bitcoin is a lottery with unknown prizes and odds. You should not put into it any money that you cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:14:37
Is he?  In his recent reply to Back he seems to agree with the "lucky 8" compromise that the Chinese miners endorsed.
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:24:15


Could you please explain how it can do that with [a worked-out example](  Thank you...
@_date: 2015-06-18 04:50:47


Miners cannot tell them, they have no control on the *actual* fee needed to get a transaction confirmed.
If the blocks are limited to 1 MB, eventually the traffic T generated by the clients (in tx/day) will exceed the capacity C of the blockchain (about 2.3 tx/s, or 360'000 tx/day).   Say, T = 420'000 tx/day.  At that point the queues of unconfirmed transactions kept by the nodes will start to grow at a steady rate  T-C = 60'000 transactions per day.  Assuming that the nodes are properly programmed, the queues will eventually overflow their capacity, and the older unconfirmed transactions in the queue will be discarded, perhaps after several days, and the clients will have to resend them.  
In that state, every 10 minutes there will be ~2900 new transaction requests added to the queue, but only the first ~2500 transactions will be included in the next block.  Now, even if a miner declared to the world "my fee is 0.001 BTC", his self-interest is to include the first 2500 transactions in the queue -- those with the highest fees -- even if they are paying more or less than 0.001 BTC, and independently of how long the others have been waiting.  So all miners will start working on those same 2500 transactions.  And the queue will grow by another 400 entries.
So, what fee should a client pay in order to be sure to get included in the next block?  (No, it is not "the max fee asked by any miner".)
If transaction number 2500 in the queue pays a fee of 0.10 BTC, the client had better pay *more* than 0.10 BTC, otherwise he would not make it.  But, among the other 2900 transaction that will be added by other clients before the next block is assembled, surely there will be many that will pay more than 0.10 BTC, for the same reason.  So the threshold for getting into the next block will surely be higher than 0.10 BTC.  After those 2900 new entries are added and sorted, the fee of entry 2500 may be 0.30 BTC.  In that case, the client will be left behind if he has paid less than 0.30 BTC.
Thus, every client who wants to get into the next block will have to include a fee larger than the unknown fees that some unknown number of other clients will choose.  But if all of them are reasoning in the same way...
Conclusion: if the transaction rate T is greater than the blockchain capacity C, there no simple way to choose a fee that will ensure inclusion  in the next block.
After runnig for a while, the system could perhaps reach a steady state.  There will be some magic fee F (say, 0.40 BTC) that *only* ~2500 clients every 10 minutes are willing to pay.  Once all clients know the value of F, those 2500 clients would all pay F, and would all be included in the next block; whereas all the other clients who cannot afford F will have to give up and use PayPal instead, because they will never get into any block.   In that steady state, T will become equal to C.
However, such a steady state will be highy unstable, since any random temporary surge of high-paying transactions will cause some of them to miss the next block; and it will take some time for the system to "discover" the new F and clients to learn it, and then more time to adjust back to the previous steady state.  The magic fee F will also vary with time of day, day of week, seasons, holidays, etc.; and will increase with time *if* demand for the service grows.  
Imagine a company that depends on getting an irregular stream of data into the bockchain within a reasonable time frame.  How could that company write a budget or set its prices?
A malicious agent could easily ddos the system by lumping his transactions so as to raise T for a while, forcing a new fee discovery process during which transactions are delayed multiple blocks.  A malicious miner with (say) 10% of the hashpower could achieve a similar effect by mining empty blocks, or blocks of bogus low-fee transactions...
The difference between that situation and  Visa is that Visa has a FIXED fee structure that the client knows befoehand, and the client can trust that, if he pays that fee, he WILL get his transaction processed in a definite amount of time, rain or shine -- without risk of other clients bumping him out by paying higher fees.  
That is why  bus lines and airlines post the fares beforehand, and assign seats on a first-come first-served basis, without a batch-by-batch "free market price discovery" process and without the possibility of unseating someone by paying a higher fare.
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:15:09
He is an investigative reporter who specializes in financial crimes and related subjects.  Here are several [video interviews]( with him.
[This one]( is rather fun, for example.
@_date: 2015-06-22 11:13:23
No kidding.  
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:38:24
3 auctions so far.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:14:09


Yes, I have already been told that the ***LN*** devs say so.  However, those ***bitcoin core*** devs who are most opposed to any increase in the max block size claim that the increase is not needed because the LN is a better way to scale.  [Check](


and therefore considerably impacts any calculation of how much
block-size is required.  In this light you appear to have been
attempting to push through a change without even understanding the
alternatives or greater ecosystem."
Someone should tell Adam that "allows" is the wrong verb there.  That is present tense, which should be used only if the claim is true *now*.  A better tense in that case would be "Lightning may allow"; or, even better, "Lightning might (if it existed, worked, and people were willing to use it) allow".


He is doing what anyone should do when they think that the devs of the official version of some free software are wrong and unresponsive: post his own version and try to convince everybody to use it.  
@_date: 2015-06-28 05:55:32
Neither LN nor sidechains are bitcoin.  Read again the definition in Satoshi's paper...
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:49:19
Hopefully (for bitcoin) there will be a more or less fixed date for the fork, known a couple of months in advance.  Then, as that date gets closer, people and services who are running the minority version of the software (the one with a minority of the hashpower) will switch to the majority version, whether they like it or not; and even speak out for it, and urge other minority players to do the same, out of self-interest.  Hopefully also the new version will make its transactions incompatible with the old ones after that date.  Then the users running the majority version will not even notice the fork; while the few laggards will find that their coins are no longer moving or accepted, will have to upgrade, and will find their coins still where they left them.
Hopefully (for buttcoin) the devs will continue their infighting to the end, and the new version will be programmed to enable big blocks unexpectedly when 25% of the miners are still running the old version.  That will ensure that the coin will split and the old branch will limp along.  Hopefully the transactions will remain compatible with both versions, so no one will know which chain will execute them.  Hopefully, after a month or so of chaos, the small-blockians will prevail and the old chain will win back its miners; so that, in case there are still people using bitcoins, a backlog of entries will eventually form and [the wonderful bitcoin fee policy will finally have a chance to shine]( 
@_date: 2015-06-07 01:04:43
The other comments were not there when I opened the thread.  I just answered your question and explained why they should do that.  I thought that I was being helpful.  You are welcome.
@_date: 2015-06-15 13:13:01
Every consensus begins as the opinion of a radical minority. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-22 04:16:09
Sorry, I meant that it is a closed economy 
R --&gt; {A,B,C} --&gt; {S,T} --&gt; R
where each month R pays 10 BTC each to A,B,C, and they spend them randomly with S,T in random proportions, and S,T then spend all they get with R.
So, in that case there is no blockchain traffic at all?  Don't they have to open and close the channels periodically? 
What is that different from: Coinbase keeps the 30 BTC and just moves them in its private ledgers?
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:52:09
Past prices do not determine future prices: this principle is more true of bitcoin perhaps than of any other instrument.  To build confidence in bitcoin as a safe store of value, one would need first to understand what has been supporting the price in the 220-240 range fot the past month, and whether that factor is likely to remain stable in the future.
That is already tricky for stocks (whose price is anchored in the expected demand for the company's products) and commodities (anchored in consumer and industry demand).  It is impossible for bitcoin, since its demand (like that of gold) is mostly speculative at present, well above its demand for use as currency. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:16:49
Beause I cannot get one that does not end with collapse in a few years...
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:18:58
You missed the point too: the worry is not a miner simply spamming the queues.  It is a rogue miner inserting *in the blockchain* a block so large that many nodes, clients, and miners will be unable to parse the blockchain, *permanently*. 
By repeating this attack with blocks of ever increasing size, the miner could knock almost the entire network out, *permanently*.
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:10:28
I think that there should be another stress test like the last one, but with a decent budget -- say, 50'000 USD -- lasting a whole week, with proper fees (proportional to tx size) and increasing as needed, so as to delay as much of the real traffic for as long as possible, even as the real clients try to raise their fees.  And Blockstream and other small-blockians should foot most of the bill, since they are claiming that their gadgets like RBF and CPFP will "solve the problem" and that the situation would be 'good for bitcoin'.
@_date: 2015-06-24 21:53:55
OK, right.  
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:35:35
Huobi is one of "the five largest mining pools" that recently issued a joint endorsement of a block size increase to 8MB.  IIRC, a Ms. Wang from Huobi said that their pool was DiscusFish, which used to be very big but has now disappeared from the piecharts.  Anyone knows what happened to them?  
Who is BitFury?
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:32:30
There are [practical programming and security reasons]( to have a well-defined maximum block size fixed in the protocol. (Just as the internet has a maximum packet size, cars have a maximum width, airlines have a maximum carry-on luggage size, etc.) 
By the way, "free market" does not mean "unregulated market", much less "market without product standards"
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:03:27


But the hub has to borroww money to open the channels to the merchants.  How much money would it need? If it serves 1 million customers who open 10 BTC channelsl, and 1000 merchants, should it borrow 10 billion BTC to open the channesl to merchants?  If it does not have to borrow BTC, who is going to pay for the double spend?
I am getting tired of having this same discussion over and over... If the Blockstream guys want the community to believe that 1 MB blocks are OK because the LN will take up the excess traffic, they owe it a complete worked-out example of how Alice,  Bob and Carol will join the LN and use it to pay their rent, coffee, pizza, etc over a typical week. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:31:31
The headline should have been "Russia replaces ruble by bitcoin next month".  (When exaggerating, it makes no sense to exaggerate in moderation.)
@_date: 2015-06-26 00:34:37


Yes, but, again, there seem to be people who are against any block increase *in the next 2 years* because they *want* the network to become congested before increasing the block size.  And, strangely, they are not the miners...


Because I don't see an answer!  
The small-blockians apparently believe that, once the network becomes saturated, the average transaction fee F will rise "by market forces" to a value  will compensate the drop in block reward.  
But that will not work. Near saturation, the queues will be highly unstable, and the clients will not be able to guess the fee that will get their transaction through.  Instead of a free market, like that of airlines and passengers, there will be a crazy continuous closed-bid auction, in which you will have to guess a value that is higher than the value that the other clients will guess that is higher than what you will guess.  
It seems that, in the small-blockian vision of that future state, after issuing a transaction the client will have to remain conneted to the network, re-issuing the transaction with increasing fees until it gets confirmed.  And they call this a *trivial* change to the client's procedure...
Basically, whenever the bitcoin network becomes nearly saturated, it will be unusable, even by those clients that can afford a lot more than the minimum fee.
If the network becomes naturally saturated, my prediction is that people will simply give up on bitcoin -- not because of the high transaction fees, but because of the unpredictable delays -- until the traffic drops again to a level such that the network never becomes saturated, so that most transactions will get 1-confirmed by the second-next mined block.  In which case no one will pay more than the standard fee -- *and* the market price will probably be much lower than today, bcause everybody will realize that bitcoin cannot scale much beyond its current scale.
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:55:14
I post satire to serious stuff here.  If you don't like what I post to don't read it.
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:48:55


No, but I have been told that some anti-fork bitcoiner has promised that, in case of an attempt at network split (2.2, fork with tagged requests), he will reformat all requests issued for one side to the other side with, the proper tag, to neutralize (or sabotage) the split.  Changing the signature in v.new is my solution to prevent that sabotage.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:47:45


That is the difference between a competent programmer like Satoshi and the amateur programmers who took over his project. ;-)  
Satoshi knew that those languages and programs use IEEE double-precision floating point for numeric quantities.  He must have known that accountants do not tolerate rounding when adding columns of numbers, even when computing the money supply of the entire world; and that rounding sometimes causes subtle bugs in programs (like 'a + b - a' sometimes not being equal to b).
He certainly knew that 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3 are not finite binary fractions, hence are not exactly representable as binary floating point numbers; but he also knew that all integers from 0 to 2^51 = 2'251'799'813'685'248 (and their negatives) *are* exactly representable as IEEE doubles.
He also knew that, in that format, numbers up to 2^51 are guaranteed to be stored, added and subtracted without rounding.  Surely he must have been aware, for example, that the infamous Pentium Divide Bug was found by a number theorist who was using floating-point to do exact integer arithmetic, because the FP multiply and divide instructions were much faster than the integer ones.  
(However, the fraction 1/10^8 is not exactly representable in IEEE double format, so all bitcoin computations in those languages and applications must be done internally in satoshis, rather than BTC.)
(Actually, IEEE doubles can represent exactly all integers up to 2^53, but it is prudent to leave a couple of spare bits to avoid unexpected rounding in slightly more complex formulas where intermediate values may exceed the final result (like c = 2*b - a).  
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:18:39


Be serious.  The bank letter is not a perfect guarantee of solvency, but it means something, 99.9% of the time.  It proves that the guy has X euros deposited *in his name*.  Whereas the bitcoin "proof", like the cash photo "proof", does not prove even that.
@_date: 2018-08-31 02:27:42
That "wallet" of walletexplorer.com is actually any coins that have been through some early mixing service (CoinJoin?)
@_date: 2015-06-20 12:07:47
I read through those posts (twice now) and still don't see how that simple example will work out.  I have posted it there, let's see.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:25:50
I tried reading that but I cannot see where the question is answered.
The authors should try to write an explanation of how the LN would work in typical payment cases, as seen by naive users.  Without any of the technical details, but pointing out who will have to pay or lock up how much when, who will receive their bitcoins when, etc.
And who will guard against double-spends to different parties, as in the above example.
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:54:16


The rise could be explained more easily by the Shanghai stock market drop.  (The rally of that market, a few months ago, was fingered as a cause of bitcoin's recent price crashes.)
But the current mini-rally may also be just non-Greeks buying bitcoins because they think that the Greek may start buying...
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:13:30


It was meant to be a joke: each 8 MB block can be viewed as eight 1MB blocks that happened to be mined one after the other, with an abnormally long (10x the mean) interval to the next block.


Only vaguely.  The 10 min block interval was chosen originally to make sure that all (honest) nodes have time to receive any blocks or transactions that they need to receive, and reach a consensus with sufficiently high probability.  A reduced block interval would increase the chance of queues being inconsistent, and that may lead to more orphan blocks.  The space and time spent on processing the blocks, rather than the transctions in them, would be 10x higher. There may be more reasons. 
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:45:18
Bitcoin is the name of the system.  It is built from several ingredients, among them a chain of blocks called a *Merkle chain*, which is a simple kind of *Merkle tree*, a data structure that was invented by (guess who) a guy called Merkle.
@_date: 2015-06-30 17:23:49
Yes, I am discussing the 1MB alternative, which is what the "fee market" believers actually want.  With bigger blocks, enlarged as needed, there will be no congestion, even at peak hours (apart from intentional stress tests and DDoSes).  Then there will be no reason for anyone to pay anything but the minimum fee. 
On the other hand, I believe that the transaction fee should be large enough to make spam and tumbling inviable, but still small enough to make it competitive to other forms of payment.  It should also be easy to predict months in advance (so that bitcoin-based businesses can include it in their cost estimates).  It should have a fixed minimum amount (to discourage spam) and a fixed percentage or the value (for business logic, and so that large transactions can subsidize the smaller ones to keep bitcoin attractive).  Say, 0.05 USD for each input or output, plus 0.1% of the output value that is not clearly return change.  And it should be  fixed in the protocol ('consensus rules') so that miners cannot accept transactions that pay less than that, and clients cannot pay more to buy priority in the queue.  In fact, every effort should be made to keep the service first-come-first-serve.
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:18:10
No twiddling of the priorities in the queue can change the average time spent by a transaction in the queue.  All that RBF can do is make the variance shoot to the sky, increase the node overhead (as clients re-issue the same transaction mutiple times), force clients to remain connected after issuing a transaction, force every wallet to implement interactive auctioning, and make the bitcoin experience more memorable for clients, in the worst sense.  
If it killed some kittens too, it would be just perfect.
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:14:58
The miners are the players who will decide the issue.  If 90% of the hashpower upgrades to the big-block version, the small-block branch will see the block rate drop to 1 every 1h40m, and the difficulty will not be updated for the next 5 months.
@_date: 2015-06-22 22:21:21


That is the claim, but I am not convinced of that yet.  It seems that the receiver must still trust that the hub will not let the sender to double spend his coins (because that check cannot depend on the blockchain). 
Anyway, the vast majority of users will not care about the "trustless" thing. So, for them LN will be "just like PayPal".  Or just like the traditional bank network.  Except perhaps that they may have to lock up money in advance, like in a debit card.  Except that they may be prevented from redeeming the balance of their LN "debit card" for weeks.  Except that the LN may not work at all.
@_date: 2015-12-14 19:05:12
Apart from the Qntra author's imagination, is there any evidence that the views and actions of Gavin about bitcoin have been influenced by MIT?
AFAIK, he hasn't changed his position about the block size limit since well before moving to MIT.  He claimed that 2+2=4 back then, and still says the same today...
@_date: 2015-12-09 11:52:28
On that occasion, poor Dorian was beeing seriously harassed and harmed as a result of Leah's error.  This time I see no reason for him to bother.
@_date: 2015-06-10 04:00:37
I mean: the bitcoin core implementation describes the "standard" behavior of nodes, clients, and miners.  But any player could run a modified copy of the code, with different behavior, as long as the blocks or transaction requests that he produces or relays are accepted as valid by the other players.  Since the other players cannot check whether a miner followed the priority rules when he assembled the block, he can safely ignore them.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:21:30
The euro may lose some value in that "divorce", but methinks that the risk of keeping euros in cash or outside Greece is less than converting them to bitcoin.   If the Greek think that the euro is too risky itself, they would be better off buying durable property or converting the euros to dollars. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:03:52
But would the small-blockians deny that they *want* the network to saturate *before* any block size increase?
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:45:43


It is not clear what the prices will be after the fork.  Hopefully, the old coin will become instantly worthless, and the other will retain all the value. Almost all miners, exchanges, and services would have upgraded before the fork, so they will be working on the new coin after it.  In that case, all clients who updated before the fork will not notice anything.  Clients who did not upgrade will find that their coins are useless and the block rate is incredibly low.  As soon as they upgrade, they will find their coins again where they were just before the fork.  Then the fork would have been a success.
Less ideally, the same will happen but with the old and new chains reversed.  That is, the attempted fork failed because practically no one upgraded. 
The worst scenario is if the fork time comes and there is still no clear winner, with (say) 60% of players using the new version, 40% the old one; and some exchanges upgrade, others don't.  Then there will be confusion for some time; the price will probably be split between the two coins.  However, the price difference should increase rapidly until one crashes to zero.  If necessary, the miners of the most popular coin could jam the less popular one in order to drive its price to zero, right away.
@_date: 2015-12-06 23:24:01


Tell that to those miners.  
Considering that the Core devs think it is OK to deploy RBF by stealth, and cannot see what is wrong with the "fee market" idea, it is no wonder that they cannot see their responsibility in that incident.
And, by the way: the only thing that I am "advocating" (pointing out , more precisely) is that grace periods and alerts are a must in any fork, soft or hard.  
I am not advocating anything about SPV mining, because it is a fundamental design feature of bitcoin is that each miner can do whatever he wants.
@_date: 2015-06-13 04:10:45
The crooks have already moved to bitcoin, didn't you notice?  From Bitcoinica to BitcoinCloudServices, from MtGOX to Neo&amp;Bee, from SilkRoad to Evolution, ...
@_date: 2015-06-11 10:56:34
I used to be accused of spreading baseless FUD.  Well, I am jealous. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:02:25
Sidechains cannot solve the congestion problem until they exist, work, and are worth using.
@_date: 2015-06-24 15:36:34


Actually the strongest argument for icreasing the block size is that keeping the current limit would lead to saturation in a year or two, and that would render the system unstable and unusable.  So it is not so much to increase the price, but to prevent it from crashing.
(The standard counterargument is that a "fee market" would develop, and then traffic would be limited by the resulting fee increase.  But that market cannot work, because of the way fees are set and miners fill the blocks, and of the large natural variations in transaction rate during the day.) 
@_date: 2015-06-08 14:21:39
The way they will do it is tell everybody to upgrade before date D, otherwise they will lose their bitcoins.  Then, after the deadline, the cartel will use their hashpower to jam the old version of the chain.  Any block that the old miners solve will be orphaned.  Any clients who did not upgrade will be unable to move their coins.  Miners who did not upgrade would starve.  Everybody's self-interest will be to upgrade to the cartel's version of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:13:06
You will not see the problem with simplistic qualitative reasoning.  You must think how exactly the clients will act and react. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:23:26


If they have the euros in cash, they don't need to take them out of the country.  Rather, they should keep them there to buy cheap real estate etc. during the eventual crisis.
Those who need to worry are those with euros in the banks, which may be frozen for a time, or suffer a haircut.  Then they would have to transfer those euros to an exchange in Europe.  there are no exchages with that liquidit in Greece, I presume, so they woudl have to send the euros to an exchange outside Greece.  But if they can do that, they don have to change to bitcoins in order to get their money out of Greek banks...
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:15:55


I am not an expert, but that is my understanding too.  The formula for the difficulty would have to be changed.  Since validating the blockchain requires checking that the difficulty is correctly computed and honored, the change would make some new blocks valid under the new protocol but invalid under the old one.  That, as I understand, implies a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:47:26
If I were to put in the spreadsheet "Price: 2015:230, 2016:230, 2017:230. ..." that would be inconsistent, because if the price is not expected to grow, every hoarder will dump now and then the price would crash imemdiately.
@_date: 2015-06-15 01:04:58


Just on a quick search:


You are conversing with one ;-)
(Actually I think that bitcoin was a great computer science experiment, that was unfortunately hijacked by gamblers, criminals, day traders, ponzi players, etc.  If it ever goes back to the price and community that it had in 2009, it would be again a thing to admire...)
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:50:46


But most transactions pay the minimum fee 0.0001 BTC.  Those would be stuck in the queue until the backlog clears, and their clients would not know what to do.  Once nodes are using RBF, some clients may re-issue the transaction with a higher fee (thus adding to the normal traffic).  But the attacker can start low and keep raising his fees too...
Also, once the backlog has been created,  it suffices to issue ~360'000 tx/day to keep the backlog from decreasing.  At 0.10 USD/tx, that would be only 36'000 USD/day.


Yes, and that is a strong argument for increasing the max block size.
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:08:07
A hard minimum fee of ~0.10 USD (required by the protocol, independently of miner preferences) would make spam attacks much more expensive, and also get rid of much non-payment traffic.  But it would break several businesses, like tumbling and gambling, and force many others to change their procedures.
@_date: 2015-06-30 04:08:14


Yes, and confiscation of assets by governments, taxes, etc.  There will not be mass adoption for a payment system that tries to be above the law.
Note that immunity from governmental censorship and confiscation was not even a goal of *bitcoin*.  Its goal was only to allow peer-to-peer payments without relying on a trusted intermediary.  
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:01:52
I hope that the guy who is paying your electricity bill does not notice that you are transmuting their money into your money.  Employers will get very upset about that.  Landlords and colleges too...
@_date: 2015-06-20 12:39:35


Someone who buys 0.1 BTC can send an unlimited number of free transactions and then sell the 0.1 BTC, recovering his money.  So the net monetary contribution to the system of users of bitcoin-the-currency -- people who buy to spend immediately -- is practically zero.
The longer-term holders pay when they buy the coins in the first place.  Until they sell or spend, they have neither gains nor losses.   Treating their "paper" gains or losses as real only obfuscates the actual flow of money in the system.  
The only money that enters the system is provided by new investors: people who buy bitcoins to increase their holdings.  Money leaves the system mostly as revenue to the miners who sell the coins that they mine, and as payoff and profit of the divestors -- earlier investors who are reducing their holdings.  (A miner who keeps part of his production can be considered a miner who sells everything immediately and a new investor who buys back some of those coins.)  Some money also leaves as various fees charged by exchanges, payment processors, etc.  The only way that a new investor can get his money back is by becoming a divestor, hoping that there will be enough new investors to provide the money that he needs for that.


Freedom for people to choose between a bitcoin that charges 0.10 fee and another bitcoin that allows free transactions.  As opposed to forcing all bitcoiners to use THE only bitcoin in the world, by the rules that the devs at Blockcstream have decided that are best for everybody.   
Amazing the contorsions that bitcoiners must make to convince themselves that bitcoin is better than the "legacy system"...
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:13:46


That is the consensual wishful thinking that has emerged in the community to avoid facing the fact that a majority cartel can do pretty much anything.


The cartel itself will tell everybody in advance and in detail what it intends to do.  


Yes, it will be the first time that a majority miner or cartel will do that.  There is always a first time for everything.


The old chain will be shut down by exploting the most essential feature of the bitcoin protocol: the longest-chain-wins rule.
It has always been understood that this rule only works if the majority of the mining power is controlled by "selfish" miners who care only to get the most rewards and fees.  The protocol fails if a majority of the mining power conspires to act in some "non-selfish" way, e.g. to destroy the network, to get delayed profits or payment from outside.
If the "orthodox" players try to fork, the cartel can jam their new chain too.  There is no way for a minority to prevail over a majority, without violating the fundamental principles of the protocol.


Well, yes.  That is one of the reasons why I am very skeptical about the future of bitcoin (to put it mildly).  It was a great step forward, but it still has some fatal flaws, that need a few more brilliant inventions to fix.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:55:02


The max block size is needed so that miners don't insert in the blockchain, by accident or malice, blocks that are too big for some players to handle, yet small enough for a majority of the miners to accept.  Some clients (e.g. in mobile devices) will always have less memory and/or bandwidth than the average miner or node.  That is why the 1 MB limit was added in the first place (by Satoshi, or with his approval).
To serve its function, the limit must remain unchanged for long periods (year or more), and must be the same for all players (otherwise blocks that are valid for some will be invalid for others).  Increases must be scheduled six months or more in advance, and warnings must be broadcast to all players, to give them time to adapt their software and hardware. 
@_date: 2015-12-13 01:58:18
The human genome has a couple billion nucleotides, each essentially worth 2 bits of information.   All cells in the body descend from the same starting cell, and have the same genome of that cell (apart from a few accidental mutations that occurred while the cells divided, which we can ignore for this question).  
The human genome includes several thousands of genes (pieces of DNA that have a definite function, such as the recipe for a protein).  The DNA in each gene is inherited from one of the parents.  
Simplifying quite a bit, the genes are arranged in pairs; with one member of the pair inherited from the father, one from the mother.  In most people, those gene pairs are heterozygous, meaning that the two genes are not exactly equal, and sometimes each of them has a different effect.  Since the parents themselves are largely heterozygous, siblings are usually very different genetically (although not as different as two random humans), because each inherited different versions of some genes from the father, and ditto from the mother.  
In contrast, two identical twins developed from the same starting cell, so they have almost exactly the same genome (in the sense that, in each gene, they inherited the same version from the father, and the same version from the mother.   
In principle, if there are N pairs of genes in the genome, and the parents are heterozygous in all pairs, their child can have any of 4^N possible genomes.  The number is somewhat less because each parent may be homozygous in some pairs (his/her two genes in that pair are identical); and some combinations are more likely than others because of a thing called gene linkage.  But, even so, the chance of two siblings having the same genome (that is, both inherited the same gene from each parent, in each of those 2 N genes) is less than 1 in 2^2000. 
For comparison, the chance of two people generating the same private key is 1 in 2^512 or so.   While this chance is absurdly small, it is still much larger than the chance of two siblings from different eggs being genetically identical. 
@_date: 2015-12-26 23:51:12
I hope that AntPool (~20%) will show again the gallantry that they showed at the BIP65 fork, when they held back upgrading their software until most smaller miners had upgraded theirs, with AntPool's  prodding.  
Thanks to AntPool, bitcoin was spared from another botched "soft fork" like the BIP66 one, that caused the "Fork of July" incident; and none of those small miners lost any of their preciosu few mined blocks, like BTCNuggets did in July.
If I were AntPool, I would then have held up upgrading my software forever, thus stalling BIP65 forever -- just to underscore the stupidity of the "soft fork" and blockchain voting approach. But, unfortunately, it was not in AntPool's interest to call the world's attention to such blunders.
@_date: 2015-06-15 21:28:37
You cannot buy 0.5 or 0.001 shares, only a whole number of them.   So, if the price of bitcoin goes to 20'000 USD next week,you can still invest 100 USD by buying just 1 share.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:16:13
OK, fine. Then suppose that A, B, C are employees of Rakuten,  get 10 BTC salary every month, spend about 70% at Tesco and 30% at Starbucks, who in turn spend all their revenue at Rakuten; and no one wants to save any BTC.  How would it work?
Are you saying that the LN will work only after *everybody* has switched from blockhain transactions to 100% LN transactions?
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:47:26
I have tried to get the Blockstream people to describe how it would work on a simple example of, say, 3 customers and 3 merchants connected by one hub.  The dialogue always stops when I ask how much bitoin would have to be locked in each payment channel, and who would prevent double-spends.  This has happned four or five times already. From the paper and slides that I have been told to read, I conclude that the customers would have to lock up their  salaries for a month, the hub would have to borrow huge amounts of coins to connect to the merchants, which they may not be able to pay back if they do not check for double-spends.  Also that the LN will not work unless most of the bitcoin users are using the LN.  
This is not scientific evidence, but it seems much more solid than any evidence that the LN *does* work that I have seen.
@_date: 2015-06-23 11:27:42
That is not true! I denigrate bitcoin here too.
@_date: 2015-06-22 09:41:07
Suppose that A receives her 10 BTC and tries to pay 8 BTC to S and 7 BTC to T.  Since these payments are not sent to the bitcoin network, who is going to prevent that double-spend?
@_date: 2015-06-25 12:20:49


I understand that Greg Maxwell, Adam Back, Luke Dashjr, and Peter Wuille are against any increase in the next 2 years at least.  Did I misundertsand their positions?
@_date: 2015-06-10 12:34:28
The mining cartel can set up as many relay nodes as it needs to make his blockchain usable.  
Moreover, it can use its hashpower to mine empty blocks on the original  blockchain, orphaning blocks of non-cartel miners, thus forcing clients to upgrade to their version if they want to regain control fo their coins.  Then it will be the "rebel" nodes who will be relaying empty blocks of an altcoin that is ignored by everybody else.
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:49:50


He has tried to push it into the core some months back; IIRC it is called "scorched earth" policy.  His main rationale was that accepting payments with zero confirmations was too risky, but people were doing that because the risk of double-spends was relatively low.  But if the nodes did unsafe RBF, the risk would be so high that no one would accept 0-conf payments, which is how bitcoin was supposed to work.
Another justification is that usafe RBF would allow cancelling transactions that were issued by mistake. It was proposed to have a "try to cancel" button on wallet softwares that would try to do that, if it was pressed whie the transaction was still in the queue.  But it would not be guaranteed to work, even in that case.
@_date: 2015-12-07 22:59:20
We know that.  An 8 MB size LIMIT will make no difference until mid-2016 or so.  From then on, it will allow the actual average block SIZE to grow, gradually and naturally; perhaps reaching 2 MB in 2017.  In that time span, the blockchain will continue to grow: 0.8  MB per block with 1 MB limit, or increasing gradually to 2 MB per block with 8 MB limit.  
The incoming transaction traffic too will continue growing the same way until mid-2016, when it hits the theoretical limit of 0.8 MB of transactions every 10 minutes.  With 1 MB limit, it may or may not stop growing at that level; but since the network will get frequently congested, it may even drop, as users abandon bitcoin for other coins or traditional currencies. With 8 MB limit, the incoming traffic will continue growing past that point, reaching 2 MB every 10 minutes by 2017.  
So, life will get progressively worse for non-mining relay nodes either way, only faster with 8 MB limit.  Either way, the number of such nodes will continue to dwindle: nodes "die" at a certain percentage rate when the owners get tired of doing that service for free, and fewer and fewer nodes get "born" because setting one up becomes more costly, and prospective new node owners increasingly fail to see the point of doing that.
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:07:16
Thanks! Was it ever that way, or did they have 1 minute at some time?
@_date: 2015-06-19 21:56:36


I gather that when a customer pays through BitPay, the merchant tells BitPay the price in dollars, BitPay converts to BTC, receives the BTC from the client (via blockchain translaction), checks the queues for double-spends, and, if OK, immediately tells the merchant "customer has paid".  Then periodically BitPay wires a lump dollar amount to the merchant's bank account.
If this is correct, then I doubt that BitPay can call the merchant 20 minutes later to say "sorry, Eligius mined a double-spend, cancel that payment".  (Or, 40 minutes later, to say "sorry, that block was orphaned and a double-spend sneaked in").  I suppose that BitPay would have to swallow the losses in that case.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-06-04 05:22:11
But what if you are confabulating with not even a single zero? 
@_date: 2015-06-18 05:56:15


I know the arguments for increasing the block size limit: they can be stated in a few sentences, are simple to understand, and make all sense to me, considering the goals of the project.  The increase should be a no-brainer IMHO, even though 20 MB seemed excessive. 
I have read many posts by the opposers and cannot make much sense of their arguments. They point to the impact of the increase to nodes, but always using the 20 MB number and ignoring the option of a smaller increase. They insist on the "terrible risk" of a coin split; I think that the chance of it happening is nearly zero,  even if the opposers were to attempt it on purpose.  I vaguely sense some power struggle between the "ex-devs" and the "new devs", and perhaps some hidden agenda that *requires* the blockchain to become congested "soon".  
Does Adam's long post add anything to those previous posts, that would make it worth reading? 
@_date: 2015-06-29 01:11:04


These are two separate questions.
The first one should have also the rest of the statement: "without requiring a trusted third party". (One may argue that the lightning network still has not been shown to have this property: in practice, you may be unable to use it without going through a hub, and the hub may block your access to the other party.)
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:39:07
I suppose that it is not the actual orphan rate, but the fear of being orphaned or simply losing the race for the next block.  A mined block pays 25 BTC, the fees only 0.1 BTC or so
@_date: 2015-06-26 14:43:38
Network *modeling*.
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:12:09
Neither did Mike, actually.
The "new devs" have resorted to painting him and Gavin as "dictators", and other ad-hominem attacks,  for the lack of technical arguments against the block increase.  When in fact it is them who are being dictatorial, having unilaterally decided to repurpose bitcoin from being a person-to-person payment system to be only a settlement channel for their "overlay network".  
The "new devs" were upset by Gavin's proposal because a block increase would delay the need for that overlay network, and because it would mean that they did not have control on bitcoin's evolution -- in spite of having control of the bitcoinCore package on github.
Bitcoin's dilemma is that there can be infinitely many similar but incompatible variants of the protocol, infinitely many implementations of it, infinitely many incompatible branches of the blockhain (even "radical branches" that start with other genesis blocks -- i.e. altcoins).  Yet there seems to be this notion that there **must** be only **one** in actual use. "Aut bitcoin aut nihil."
So, how is that unicity to be achieved?  The standard talk before 2013 was that "market forces" would naturaly ensure that only one cryptocurrency would have value, because of the "network effect" and the "first mover's advantage".  Well, the latter advantage does not last forever: sooner or late, the first movers become dinosaurs and die.  And now the "network effect" has crashed into the "scalability wall": bitcoin's network cannot grow enough to serve everybody who could use it.
Perhaps that is why the cardinals of the Bitcoin Church are so fearful of hard forks, more than of the block increase per se: it may end up with two viable bitcoins, each with their own user base and market, with independent software bases maintained by different sets of people.  The "market forces" that were supposed to move everybody towards one bitcoin may in fact favor multiple independent bitcoins, with different features -- fee policies, block sizes, block rates, or more -- each suited to different uses and user bases, with prices set by market competition.
So, the dilemma of the devs is: how can they prevent such a schism, and ensure that there is only one bitcoin, that they control and that all bitcoiners are required to use?  How can they prevent a free market of bitcoins, and retain their monopoly?
@_date: 2015-06-24 22:06:18


So imagine a hub that is serving 1 million customers who have BTC worth 5 000 USD per month to spend, and also 1000 merchants where those merchants may spend those BTC.  So the hub would have to borrow several times 5 billion USD worth of BTC in order to open those channels?
(I hope the LN devs know how VISA handles that problem.  They may be just reinventing credit cards...)
The loan is not low-risk, because if the hub has an extended downtime period, many of the customer channels may timeout before the hub can cash their payments, in which case the money that they already spent (and that the hub has already forwarded to the merchants) will return to them on the blockchain, and the hub will not be able to prevent it.  Also, if the hub is run by a former MtGOX manager, it may let double-spends go through.  In both cases the hub will be unable to repay the loan.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:41:17


Sidechains are still a fuzzy idea and no one knows how they will work out in practice.  They may end up being just centralized payment systems, like PayPal, disconnected from bitcoin. The practical advantages of being "backed by bitcoin" may not be worth the trouble, or may have negative value.  
Ditto for the Lightning Network: it does not seem to be useful for anything but certain kinds of micropayment streams.


There seem to be only a few people against any increase, and their motives are hard to understand.  Most seem to be in favor of some increase, although they disagree on the amount and how to carry it out.
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:14:01
Funny, I am often accused of seeing too much...
@_date: 2015-06-22 15:21:44
On the other hand, the ~~sharks~~ miners seem to have flocked to the scene. According to [tradeblock]( the last block intervals were
4:51 KnC
4:39 Unk
4:44 Unk
4:40 Unk
5:08 Unk
3:42 Unk
3:10 Unk
3:27 Unk
18:28 KnC
So, who is that unknown spoilsport?
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:40:54
Sorry, but my description is definitely more accurate than "the chip mines $0.07 of bitcoin each day".  It exposes the fact that there is no need to attach the chip to the device, because the 21co server is *unavoidably* an intermediary in that supposed flow of bitcoins.  Indeed, if the device were to remain disconnected from the internet for a while, it would not  receive those satoshis. 
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:21:12
A big Chinese pool.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:45:23
The cartel can jam the "rebel" chain no matter how it mutates.  
Moreover, if a minority of the miners can prevail over a majority, the most essential principle of the protocol is being grossly violated.  You may as well junk the mining and let the minority maintain a plain database...
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:42:08


@_date: 2015-06-30 04:59:47
I think that the hard fork should have been a no-brainer non-event, a simple maintenance action
It should go like this: the core devs release now a new version with the programmed increase in Jan/2016.  They send an alert to everybody to upgrade at their earliest convenience, then again in Dec/2015.  Practically everybody upgrades, and in Jan/2016 the limit is lifted without anyone noticing anything special.  Blocks larger than 1 MB start to appear occasionally, and maybe by Jan/2017 the average block size is 3-4 MB.
Instead, we have this desperate and uncompromising effort by the core devs to stop any block increase, at any cost...
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:03:38
Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:49:50
AFAIK: The Ripple Network is one thing.  The Ripple currency (XRP) is another thing.  
The Ripple Network is a settlement tool for banks; it can exist and function without XRP, by using any mix of currencies, possibly including cyptocoins like bitcoins or the altcoins.  Thus the Network is "agnostic" about bitcoin the currency.   Some of the "blockchain 2.0" uses of the bitcoin network are trying to steal the role of the Ripple Network, but Ripple does not seem to view that as a serious threat.  
The XRP currency is important for Ripple Labs as a source of money.  Since XRP and BTC are competing for the same market of cryptocurrency investors, Ripple Labs must be rooting for bitcoin's death, even if they don't say so in public...
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:53:04


The fee is set when the trasaction is issued.  Without the so-called "replace-by-fee" (RBF) rule, once the transaction is in the queue, the fee cannot be changed.  


Sure, and that is what the wallets with "dynamic fees" are supposed to do.  However, transactions are being issued all the time, and the other clients too are looking at the queues and deciding about their fees.  If there is a backlog, it must be because there is a temporary surge in traffic.  Then, before the next block gets mined and takes the first 2500 transactions, maybe 4000 additional transactions (you don't know how many, actually) will be issued -- by clients who, like you, are looking at the queue to choose their fees.  Susppose that the first 2500 tx that are now in the queue have fees ranging from 0.10$ to 0.35$. Your fee must be high enough to be among the first 2500 *by the time the next block gets mined*. How much should you offer? Note that there is *no* value that is guaranteed to get you into the next block...
Without RBF, at least you are mildly assured that your transaction will be processed before all the others that were below it in the queue, when it got there.  If there were 24'000 transactions in the queue, and you picked a high enough fee to go to the front of the queue, and only 1500 tx come in before the next block, you can be assured of being in it.  
With RBF, however, besides the 1500 "new" txs, there will be also maybe 5000 re-issues of txs that are already in the queue, attempting to get or stay into the first 2500.  So, if you cannot to do the same to your tx (for example, because you could not remain connected), it may have to wait for along time, perhaps until the backlog clears (which, with 1500 tx coming in every 10 minutes, would require 24 blocks, or 4 hours) -- even though your smart wallet thought that it had secured a 10-minute wait.
There is a play for small kids, where 2-4 people stack their hands flat on a table, one on top of the other, and then each person at random takes one hand out from the middle of the pile and places it on top.  Perhaps some fanatical bitcoiners will enjoy playing this game on the queues.  Most users will have better things to do with their time...
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:20:12


It is hard to show that it will not be the case, because no business -- from lemonade to airplanes -- uses such crazy pricing mechanism.  There is the [Blocktheway Supermarket]( (next-to-last paragraph), the [Smallblockville Traffic Department]( (last parag), the [Monty Python Lobster Restaurant]( (last parag), and the [Satoshi Bus Lines]( but since they are made-up examples you will surely find them unconvincing.
It would be nice to have a detailed simulation of the fee market, with realistic traffic variability and thousands of independent threads simulating clients who try to get into the next block, with various priorities and generosities.  But simulations is something that only proponents of a block increase should be required to do, not of implementors of RBF and such gadgets.
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:07:31
Those percentages are in the low range of BTM fees, I have read.
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:27:20
The statistics of course do not describe bitcoiners, but butcoiners who fill out surveys. ;-)
I wonder what languages were included in the "multi-lingual", and how the survey was distributed.  
One should not put much trust in any self-selected survey, or in a survey among the customers of certain businesses.  The breakdown by country, in particular, is quite probably very wrong.
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:18:05
The argument is that the Russian Central Bank did **not** change its stance; some non-identified person, with no affiliation to the bank, claimed that they did.  The headline, as usual, tries to distort the facts to make bitcoin seem a more promising investment, so that people like you can swindle more money from ill-informed people, **INCLUDING BRAZILIAN TAXPAYERS.**
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:28:12


It is unfortunate that the word "consensus" has been appropriate for a particular technical sense, when it is also needed in its everyday sense in the same context.   
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:02:07


You keep your unsubstantiated conspiracy theory, I'll keep mine. ;-)


Garzik has a proposal to increase the blocksize too.


It does not matter where it originated.  They are saying that there is no need to increase blocksize because everybody will use LN instead.
Since it seems too hard for the LN-rather-than-8MB camp to provide a worked-out example of how bitcoiners would spend their week in LN-land, not even a toy one, maybe they can just answer one question:  what do they expect the average transaction fee to be (in USD) when the network becomes saturated, sometime in 2016?
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:48:52
The belief that cash is "good" while bank accounts are "bad" may have been the reason why Satoshi used the "solid money" metaphor, where UTXOs are supposed to behave like banknotes and coins.  Your money is a collectin of such tokens; when you pay you assemble enough tokens to cover the amount of the payment, and you get "change-back" tokens for the difference. 
Banks, in contrast, use a "liquid money" metaphor.  Your money is a fluid stored in a single pot; when you pay, they scoop up the exact amount of the payment from your moneypot and pour it into the other party's moneypot, where it is immediately mixed with whatever is already there.
However, when implementing bitcoin, Satoshi was forced to deviate in many ways from the strict solid money metaphor.  For one thing, when paying with real cash, the change-back tokens come from the other party's wallet; but that would be incompatible with the private access features of bitcoins.  Also, bitcoins are divisible to 8 decimals, and it would be impratical to manage wallets with billions of small-denomination coins.  So, in bitcoin, the input tokens are temprarily melted during a transaction, and, from that amount of liquid money, new output tokens of the desired denominations are cast -- including the change-back token(s). 
@_date: 2015-06-24 12:37:57
I think that the blockchain voting algorithm and scheduled increases are useless complications.  The new version should simply allow 8 MB blocks after a hard-coded block number N0, expected to be mined around 2016-01-01.  
If, a month before that block, a majority of the miners have upgraded, the minority and all other players will rush to upgrade too.  If only a minority of the miners have upgraded, they and all other players will rush to downgrade to the old version, too.  Either way the fork will be a non-event for those who join the majority.
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:14:25
Which coordinates are being displayed: of the compuer issuing the transaction, or of a node that received it?
Why is China all black?
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:48:01
Thanks!  So, is China black because of their firewall, because they only listen and do not serve, because they use VPNs to other countries, or what?
@_date: 2015-06-14 03:29:22
@_date: 2015-06-21 04:08:51
Bitpay has recently admitted that their main business is not yet profitable, because the amount of e-payments that they handle is small and not growing.  According to a recent interview, it seems that only bitcoin holders are using bitcoin for purchases.  At the same time, they were extending into other sevices.  Outsiders speculated that they would be "pivoting" from their original service into the new ones; but BitPay replied that they wer not abandoning that (yet), just broadening their focus or something like that.
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:31:55
In the 1980s the telecomm industry developed an alternative packet-based network, Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM - not related to Automated Teller Machines).  It used fixed-size packets and a connection-oritented model (first establish a virtual channel between two parties, then send packets through it); those features were more suited to digitized voice signals.  For a while it looked like it would supplant TCP/IP, because its fixed packet size made for faster routers and lower latency, among other advantages.  I got to use [one of the first auto-configuring LANs]( which was based on ATM packets, in the late 1980s. But its packets were too small and thus headers consumed too much bandwidth
@_date: 2015-12-11 05:38:13
I mean that several groups have redefined its purpose to be quite unlike what it was designed for:
+ Hide payments and money from governments
+ Replace and destroy banks
+ Replace cash and cards
+ Make millions with a small investment
+ Make money by short-term trading
Not to mention all those "blockchain applications".
@_date: 2015-12-10 04:57:16
OK, here is a crazy theory: "Someone" contacted Kleiman Senior in late 2013 or early 2014 with a story about his son and that someone creating bitcoin, and trying to get some money out of him.
Or perhaps: David Kleiman was the real Satoshi, and he had the keys to the 1.1 million BTC. After he died, "someone" associated with him or who knew of his involvement contacted his father trying to get the keys.  
Or thousands of other possibilities...
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:32:36


As I said, those who think that market principles will "solve", or work in some sense, when the bitcoin network reaches congestion have not understood what it will mean.  And maybe do not know what "free market" means either.  (I already noticed that most  ancaps and libertarians don't know that, because a totally wrong definition of "free market" is a pillar of their ideology.)


What about a restaurant where you ask what the market price of lobster is, the waiter tells you 20$, you order it, then half an hour later he comes back and tells you that other patrons have offered to pay more so you will have to wait until another shipment comes in, or pay more; but he can't tell you how much you should pay because it depends on how much the other patrons will offer to pay, so you please guess and make an offer, and some time later he may bring your platter or tell you to make a better offer again?
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:25:09
But a rule that depends on the state of the memory pools cannot be part of the protocol.  Not everyone will see the same state, and the state will be lost very soon.  That means that, by the time the block is mined, the nodes cannot check whether the miner respected the priority rules.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:41:23
Of course, if they try to violate the protocol in the slightest way, all investors will imediately send their coins to the Bitcoin Eater, and all honest miners will set fire to their equipment.
Just like all Americans burned their dollars when the US government abolished the gold backing for the currency. (It was prett stupid of the government to destroy the value of the very thing that paid it.)
@_date: 2015-06-16 03:58:46


I hope that the big-block version (XT or modified QT) will enable blocks &gt; 1MB *immediately* after detecting that 80% of the miners are running it.  That will ensure that the fork happens when 20% of the miners are still running the old version.  For better effect, the threshold should be 51% rather than 80%.  
Someone suggested that the big-block version should wait some time (say, 3 months) after that threshold is achieved, before actually allowing bigger blocks.  But this precaution would spoil the fun, since it would give time for the slow players still running the old version (the 20% miners, and any nodes and clients) to upgrade to the big-block version.  Fortunately it seems that this suggestion is being ignored by all parties concerned.


That's if the transactions are not programmed to become incompatible after the fork.  Keeping the transactions compatible, as everybody seems to assume, maximizes the risk of chaos and perhaps irreversible loss of coins, and allows users and nodes to run the old version of the client software for months after the fork deadline.
It has been suggested that the big-block version should change the transaction format or signing algorithm after the fork deadline, so that new transactions issued by it will be accepted as valid only by nodes and miners running the big-block version of software, and are rejected by the small-block; and vice-versa.  But that would be terrible, because clients running the majority version of the  software will not notice anything, while clients who are still running the minority version will notice that their coins are not moving, will promptly upgrade, and find all their coins where they were before the fork.  This would be nowhere as fun to watch as the chaos resulting from having both chains trying to process every transaction request.  I hope that no one will think of doing this.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:26:11
I saw that note; but, even so, data should not be used if it is meaningless.
There is an obvious discrepancy between the growth in the number of transactions and the (total lack of) growth in the estimated USD volume over the last 12 months.   It means that either the transactions have become smaller as a whole, or the increase in the transaction count is mainly due to tiny transactions that are not economically significant.
Either way, the discrepancy shows that at least one of the plots is totally misleading, and that they cannot be used to prove that the network is growing (or not).  One should look for other data, like [the BitPay traffic]( or the [distribution of coins by address](  These metrics too are little more than hints, but they point to stagnation rather hen growth.
Another mega price rally is possible, but increasingly unlikely as time passes.   Most of the previous rallies, including the Nov/2013 one, were due to new markets opening up, by some community learning about bitcoin and discovering that it could be useful for them.   In the Nov/2013 rally, the new market was the Chinese amateur commodity speculators, who fell in love with bitcoin because of its fungibility and volatility.  For an even bigger bubble, an even bigger market would have to be opened.  Maybe the Americans with IRA accounts will be it -- but who would trust one's life savings to an asset that can lose 20% of its value in a few hours, because the PBoC sneezed?
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:53:29


And you gave the same reply, and I was equally unsatisfied.
That is an irritating thing about the "other" camp. "You are against increasing the block size" "That is a lie, we want bitcoin to scale." "OK, you want bitcoin to scale, but you are against increasing the block size."  "That is a lie, we want bitcoin to scale."  
By their words and deeds, and especially by their lack of straight answers, it is quite obvious that the LN-rather-than-8MB camp (or Blockstream guys, or "new code devs" or whatever you want to call them), are adamantly against any increase of the max block size any time soon; because they want the network to saturate as soon as possible, so that the "fee market" kicks in, and the RBF and CPFP can show their worth, and bitcoin users are forced to use the overlay network, whatever that may be.  Can you deny this? 
@_date: 2015-12-10 16:00:22
Oh, OK, sorry.  Anyway, it is gone. 
Someone suggested contacting SGI Australia and inquiring about Cloudcroft.  They should be willing to confirm or deny the information in that letter: client confidentiality would not be an obstacle, since the letter was posted in a public place for a long time, and is clearly meant to be shown to random third parties.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:05:58
You must be the type who does not worry about the fuel tank being empty until the plane actually hits the ground. &lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-25 02:05:15
That is still far from "worked-out"; it does not show the problems of the LN, or how they are supposedto be resolved. Please se my replies to that comment.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:01:41


I have no admiration for Gavin either (mainly for his continuing support of the Blockchain Foundation), and I did not know of Mike's existence a month ago.  But they seem to understand the consequences of the alternatives much better than the "new devs", for one thing.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:06:25
I have read that (well, skimmed rather).  I still do not understand why the Blockctream guys are so much against the increase.  Do they *want* to see the blocks fill up and create a backlog?  
@_date: 2015-06-25 05:37:53
I don't know what is Gavin's position, but welcoming "layer 2" services is not the same as intentionally crippling bitcoin to make it useful *only* as a hidden piece of such services
 
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:23:37
I suspect that Gavin and Mike will be OK with 8MB.  But the antis will probably oppose it; their position, ostensibly, is that any hard fork will be too risky.
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:15:37


No, it was vandalized by a bitcointalk reader when they discovered that I had a bio in Wikipedia, a month perhaps after I had been posting there.  My signature there said that I was skeptical of bitcoin and I did not own any, and I got lots of flack there just because of it.


Sorry, no "might be considered", it *was*.  And it was immediately after some newbie posted here "hey, this jerk has a bio in Wikipedia". 


Imagine if anarchists and late secessionists started buying replicas of the Wright Bros first plane in 1904 because they saw it as a way to evade taxes and topple the US government. 
Then smugglers, highway robbers, and child kidnappers started using it to escape the police (mostly in vain, of course), with the result of airplanes being widely seen as "tools of criminals" by the general public.  
Then some sleazy salesmen started making copies of the plane for 50$ each, and selling them to unwary citizens for 5000$ each, claiming that it would be worth millions in a few years because it would replace horses, trains, cars and ships. And many victims putting all their life savings into that "investment".  And then those victims pestering everybody to buy too, so that the price would go up.
Then a flock of opportunists and scammers set up huge airpane factories,  worldwide importer and dealer networks, international airline companies, hangar rental companies,  and a lot more, milking piles of money out of the suckers, big and small, who believed those promises...
All of that, of course, using the same box kite made of cloth, a few sticks, and piano wire...
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:02:42
Their joing statement says "The bitcoin miners of China agree that the block size must be increased, but believe that increasing to 8MB first is the most reasonable course of action".  
If by "technical commuity" you mean the devs, they are clearly divided, and those against the increase clearly want the blocks to fill in order to force a repurposing of bitcoin to fit their fuzzy plans, and drive bitcoin users to the LN...  
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:20:44


The bitcoin community is not very diverse actually, and not representative of mankind as a whole.  It has unusually large proportions of libertarians/ancaps, drug users and gun lovers, young white males, computer nerds, ...
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:28:40


Sorry, but in what planet do you live?  Maybe in your circle of friends no one understands why governments are necessary, but 99% of the world does.


Exactly, and that is why they want the only solution they have.


Of course everybody wants a good government, but the only way to get that is to vote correctly and speak out for legal reform.  Just rejecting politics and hiding in a virtual world will not fix the problems, and will make the problem worse for those wo do.  (To live anonymously and all-digitally, and hide from the governments, you must to give up many more freedoms than you gain...)
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:32:56
I keep 100% of my bitcoin holdings in bitcoin.  I started with the minimum amount in November 2013 and have been doubling it every day since then.
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:05:59
Hashing power means power to block transactions idefinitely and starve any miner that the majority wants to starve.  "Economic power" is a sand bucket where bitcoiners bury their head to pretend that they do not see that the Chinese miners are now an authority that must be trusted not to abuse their power.
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:18:29


For all I know, the number of "full but non-mining" nodes has been shrinking quite fast.  Even if the block size were to stop growing in mid-2016 (as will happen if the 1 MB limit is retained, and SW is not deployed), those nodes will probably continue to decrease, for the   reasons above. Namely, the death rate will be constant or increasing, while the birth rate will be decreasing. 
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:40:45
Except that the Lightning Network has not been invented yet.  It seems to be at the same stage of development as Leonardo da Vinci's airplanes...
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:03:16


Are you a programmer?  Or just an "ideas guy"? ;-)
No computer can process *unlimited* blocks. 


The way that is done is by rejecting input data that exceeds some maximum size set by the implementation.  For many applications, that is a good solution because only the offending client loses.  In the case of the blockchain, if the majority of the miners accept a block that is too big for me, that is ***my** loss, and I am out of the game permanently, because I cannot process "the" blockchain anymore.
That is the same reason why the internet has a maximum packet size valid for everybody.  As soon as two or more computers need to communicate or share a common database, it is necessary to specify a ***common*** maximum size for the messages and entries.


Do you know of a computer parts store that can deliver and install extra memory under 5 minutes? &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
You just explained why a fixed common limit is needed:  How will a guy know whether his computer is good enough to run as a node?
@_date: 2015-06-20 00:01:04
But what about brick-and-mortar shops with items of largish value, like supermarkets, department stores? The ones that use bitpay apparently do fast payments.
@_date: 2015-06-15 08:09:02
That's the trade volume in Swedish Krona.  You can see the individual trades [here]( It is 101'663 shares, correspoding to ~500 BTC.
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:52:52


Indeed a 51% attack can unconfirm a transaction that has been confirmed more than 6 times. If nodes are running replace-by-fee or child-pays-per-parent, the attacker can then replace it by a transaction that sends the coins elsewhere.  Otherwise, it can block some or all transactions indefinitely.  Or starve some or all the minority miners.  Or hold all coins hostage until everybody agrees to some hard fork change.
More simply, an essential assumption of the bitcoin protocol is that one can trust any set of people who control a majority of the hashpower.  
@_date: 2015-06-03 21:51:26
This article is not helpful.  China not only forbids banks from touching bitcoin, but also forbids internet sales and services from using bitcoin as a payment method.  If Thailand and Vietnam are "not enforcing the ban" -- what is banned, exactly?  Etc.
@_date: 2015-06-22 12:32:00
Suppose that A has 10 BTC and wants to pay 8 BTC to B through the lightning network, via a hub H.  Eventually B receives some packet P^AB that ensures he will receive 8 BTC, and so he sends 50 pounds of chocolate to A.
Now suppose that, **instead**, A wants to send 8 BTC to C.  Eventually C will receive some packet P^AC, guaranteeing his 8 BTC, so he sends a marble penguin to A.
Now suppose that A, in spite of having only 10 BTC, wants to send 8 BTC to **both** B and C.  
If she were using direct payment channels to each of them, it would not work, because when opening the channels she would have had to lock up at least 8 BTC in each channel.
But since she is using the hub H as an intermediary, what prevents B from receiving the packet P^AB, and C from receiving the packet P^AC?
Since the blockchain is not being used in those payments, the bitcoin network will not prevent that double-spend.  Since B and C do not communicate directly, they will not know of each other's packet.  So they must trust that H will prevent it?
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:33:59


Yes, yes, it has seats, BUT NOT TICKETS. In a theater, if you buy a ticket for the predefined price YOU HAVE A GUARANTEED SEAT.  In bitcoin, each customer is asked to write down an arbitrary number in a piece of paper, and then the 100 highest numbers *may* get seats. 
So, please tell, please, what number should each customer write?


No, the miners choose which clients they will serve AFTER the clients have declared the fee that they will pay.


Which, as I explained, is totally irrelevant.  Paying the miner's announced minimum fee, or any amount above it, will not guarantee a seat; and it is in the interest of every miner to pick the 2500 transactions with highest fees, even if they are paying less than the minimum.


The miners do not know how many transactions will be issued in the next 10 minutes, not how much those clients will offer to pay. 


Geeze, HOW DO MINERS KNOW THAT 1 BTC IS THE RIGHT FEE????




Rather: posted minimum fee is 0.0001 BTC, in the next 10 minutes 2900 transactions are issued with fee 0.0002 BTC, 2500 get served, 400 remain behind; then 2700 more come in with fee 0.0003 BTC, 2500 get served, 200 remain behind; then 2400 get in with fee 0.0004 BTC, they are all served and 100 of the previous ones with fee 0.0003 BTC too; then 3000 transactions come in with fee 0.0004 BTC, 2500 are served, 500 remain behind; then...


The load will vary enormously *minute by minute*, hour by hour, day by day, etc..  That is what one observes in the internet or any other packet network: traffic cannot be modeled as a Poisson process with a fixed mean rate.  It needs a more complicated fractal model.  Just like trade volume at an exchange.


Have you ever *bought* a ticket to something?
Those who believe that the bitcoin transaction fees will work fine because of "free market" obviously do not have an inch of business sense AND no idea of what "free market" really means.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:22:08
Right, my understanding is that, for the attack to succeed, the rogue miner must get the oversize block accepted by the majority of the miners and thus included in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-19 05:39:33


I am beginning to understand that the block size war is between those who want to put lipstick on the pig and those who think it should get a hair extension job first.
@_date: 2015-06-25 02:00:12
I am trying to work out the example myself, since no one is willing to try.
It seems reasonable to assume that each channel will be open for 1 week, on the average. So, each week, each customer must pay the fee F for 2 transactions on the blokchain, to open and to close his channel to the hub. He must also pay some fee X with each (off-chain) purchase, to pay for the hub's overhead.
Anyone dares to guess the values of F and X?  (Someone estimated F = 100 USD, which would make the LN a bad joke. Even assuming F = 0.50 USD, that is 52 USD/year per customer.  That must be more than the public health budget of many african villages...)
With 7 million users and 1 new channel created per week per user, the LN would generate 2 million blockchain transctions per day, or 3 times the current capacity.
The outgoing channels must be created by request from each merchant to the hub. Each merchant should pay 2 F to open those channels.  Since the fees will be actually paid by the hub, they may be discounted from the first payments that the merchant would receive; unless each merchant also opens a channels to the hub, paying another 2 F of fees, and sends a "check" for 2 F throug it .
A customer's total week's budget wil be locked up for the whole week, unless the customer decides that he does not want to make any more purchases and asks the hub to close the channel, and the hub complies timely.  
The hub has to borrow a lot of bitcoins in order to open the channels to the merchants, usually more than what the customers have locked in their channels. The hub must open the output channel to a merchant before the *first* customer pays to it; but other customers may only open their channels after that time.  So the hub cannot estimate how much it has to lock for each merchant.  It may have to lock a small amount and periodically open more channels (or raise its ceiling) as those are saturated.  
If a customer receives an extra amount of BTC during the week, from a non-LN source, and wants to add it to his spending budget, he must spend another 2 F in blockchain fees, and either open another channel to the hub, which may require him to split payments through both channels; or request the closing of the channel,wait for the hub to do that, then reopen the channel with the total amount.  Likewise if a customer wants to pay some non-LN merchant from the remainder of his week's budget.  
If merchant wants to pay some non-LN supplier with coins from the payments he received so far, he must close his channel and ask the hub to reopen it.  Since no customer can send him payments while his channel is closed, he may want to open that second channel in advance. Either way that second channel costs another 2 F to the merchant.
Because of these last two considerations, the LN will be useful only if almost all the bitcoin traffic goes through it.  If only 70% of the users are on the LN, then only ~50% of the traffic will be between two LN users, and ~40% of the traffic will be between an LN user and a non-LN user.  The latter will be multiplied by 3 because of the need to break and recreate the LN channels.  So, with 70% of the users in the LN, the total traffic on the blockchain would in fact be ~30% *higher* than if there was no LN, even without counting the weekly channel reopenings of the LN. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 05:57:55
In other words, if Greece adopts bitcoin, they will not use bitcoin but something else.  Well, they are already doing that...
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:36:42
Running a full node was the default when you installed the standard client.
@_date: 2015-06-10 03:27:20


AFAIK, yes.


**If the devs do it right**, you will have to upgrade your software to the new version, preferably before the fork.  (The two versions will work exactly the same before the fork, both working on the single bitcoin chain.) 
If you have upgraded, Then you will not notice anything unusual: your coins will be at the addresses where you put them, if you move them to any address (created before or after the fork) you will be moving the copies that are on the "big blocks" chain to other addresses that are on that chain too.  If you forgot to withdraw coins from Bitstamp, and Bitstamp has upgraded, you can withdraw them and they will be in the "big block" chain.  The "big block" chain will be *the* bitcoin chain, as far as you can notice.  As long as you only use the new version of the software, you will not see any sign of the "small blocks" chain, if it is still around.


**If the devs do it right**, and you forget to upgrade, you should not lose any coins, but you may get confused.  When you try to move your coins, you will actually be asking to move the copies that are in the "small blocks" chain.  Hopefully it will no longer be mined, in which case your transctions will ever get executed.  You may even be unable to contact any node.  But even if there are some wackos still mining the "small blocks" chain, anyone who has upgraded will not receive the coins that you send them, even though you will see the transaction confirmed -- in the "small block" chain.  But as soon as you upgrade, you will find the coins were they were before the fork, and you can send them again.
You may lose some coins if you upgrade and send them to some party who refuses to upgrade.  Then your "big blocks" coins will be moved in the "big blocks"chain, but the receiver who sees only the "small blocks" chain will not receive them, and will be unable to send them back to you. 
**If the devs do it wrong** then both blockchains will continue to be mined, some services will upgrade and some won't, and when you send a transaction request it may be executed by miners on both chains, on only one chain, or on neither chain.  If it gets executed, you will not know on which chain it was; and you wallet may soon become inconsistent with both chains.  You may delete the private key to an address that you thought you emptied,  when in fact you emptied it only in one chain, and the valuable coins are in the other chain; then you may lose those coins.  
Needless to say, we at will be rooting for the devs to do it wrong. 8D
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:00:52
As far as I understand it, each payment channel in the Lighning Network will require locking up in advance an amount sufficient for all payments that one *may* make through that channel, over some time interval.  The  interval must be long enough to include at lest three expected payments,otherwise it will not reduce the on-chain traffic.  So, *even there are no hub failures*, people and hubs will have to lock up a lot of money in those channels, that in the end they may not spend.
@_date: 2015-06-05 22:10:32
Of course. The question is only who is paying for it.
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:24:06
Has there been any technical rebuttal of his "crash landing" blogpost?
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:59:01
I read every day here messages saying that buying bitcoin would make me live forever. ;-)
The debate about the blocksize made be more ~~optimistic about the spectacle~~ pessimistic about the future of bitcoin.  Not for the technical aspects, but for what the debate revealed about the "governance" of the protocol...
I have explained already why I am pessimistic about the success of bitcoin as a widely used currency, and why I dislike intensely its marketing as an investment vehicle.  I don't expect those who are invested in it to see what I see, of course.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:42:20
There is [a bitcointalk thread organizing stress tests](
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:41:16
It will not be a cryptocurrency for sure.  If he gets  his way, it will be just a state-run electronic payment system for the national currency, like Ecuador's.  
@_date: 2015-06-03 06:51:13
Thanks for the interesting explanation!
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:34:32
economic power means nothing if you cannot move your coins...
@_date: 2015-12-06 20:58:40
There are two degrees of "SPV mining":  (A) mining an empty block while waiting for the full parent block, and (B) not even trying to download the full parent block.
Part (B) is bad for bitcoin (increases the risk and length of reorgs, reduces the actual capacity), but also bad for the miners who do it (they lose the transaction fees).  Perhaps the fees are not enough to compensate for the expected cost of downloading the full block, but that is a fault of the fees being too low, not of the miner.
Part (A) is definitely better for the miner who does it, and (in normal operation) not significantly bad for the system.  I believe that it is also good for the miner who mined the parent, as argued.  (It may foil attempts at selfish mining, but selfish mining is more lucrative for large miners than for small ones.)  Note that when strategy (A) results in a solved empty block, it is because that block was solved only a short time after the parent.  So, as long as the network is not saturated, the impact of those blocks on the average confirmation time must be much smaller than one could estimate from the 
empty block fraction alone.  
But my point is that "SPV mining", in either degree, cannot be said to be "unethical".  Unlike almost all internet services, bitcoin does not have "terms of service" whose violation would have legal consequences.  Bitcoin is supposed to work no mater how unethical and malicious all the players are -- as long as they act so as to maximize their revenue, and there is no mining majority that conspires to forsake immediate profit for some longer-term goal.  Specifically, bitcoin does *not* assume that the players care about the usability or long-term survival of bitcoin. If the algorithms currently run by all the players reward those miners who d SPV mining, that is a flaw of the protocol; it is pointless to whine and curse the miners who do it.
@_date: 2015-06-06 23:50:52


The price has been wandering in the range 215--250 since late April.  So, yes, "months" is appropriate there because "1.5" is plural.
Before that the price was indeed "above 200" most of the time since Nov/2013.  So, yes, if "relatively stable" is defined to include "falling from 1200 to 220 with many ups and downs in between", it has been relatively stable for 18 months now.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:18:33
That was a 51%, not 41%, right?
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:35:08
The word "consensus" is being used (and misused) for three vastly different things.  
+ The network is always trying to reach and maintain a consensus about what is "the" bitcoin blockchain and which transactions are waiting to be mined. 
+ The behavior of the network is determined by a complicated consensus of clients, nodes, and miners, who manifest their opinion (or lack thereof) by configuring their hardware, running specific versions of the software (possibly with private modifications), fixing parameters, organizing their files, etc..
+ Changes to the protocol and the reference implementation had better be deployed only after there is a consensus among the bitcoiners, especially the major players like miners, exchanges, payment processors, big investors, software developers (not just the core ones), etc.
Clearly Blockstream is abusing their position as the maintainers of the official version of the core software to push for major changes (including the replacement of bitcoin's stated goal, the opening sentence of Satoshi's paper) without trying to get a consensus of the community first.  They are upset because Mike and Gavin sought such consensus and went public with the block increase plan, bypassing the core devs. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 00:18:05
There are 150'000 readers of and probably no more than 500'000 bitcoin users...
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:47:07
Well, the number of gene pairs in the human genome is actually more than 20'000.  So, ignoring gene linkage, homozygous gene pairs in parents, and X/Y chromosome stuff,  the chance of two non-twin siblings getting the same genes from both parents would be more like 1 in 2^40000 , or the chance of ~~40~~ 80 husbands and ~~40~~ 80 wives generating private keys independently, and all ~~40~~ 80 pairs being collisions. 
Gene linkage means that if two gene pairs (A1,A2) and (B1,B2) are next to each other in the father's genome,   the child is a lot more likely to inherit A1+B1 or A2+B2, than A1+B2 or A2+B1.   So, the chance of two children getting the same  father genes at those two places is closer to 1 in 2 than to 1 in 4.  This phenomenon increases the chances that two non-twin siblings will get the same genes from both parents.
@_date: 2015-06-08 04:00:06
Yes, it would be just as bad if a majority of the hashpower was controlled by a small set of miners all based in the US, or all in Slovenia.  
@_date: 2015-06-11 00:31:28
Yes, that is a loss of fungibility, allright... 8D
@_date: 2015-06-04 15:04:09
Ah, OK.
@_date: 2015-12-09 19:48:48


Not to mention that the "Tulip Trust" PDF file could have been written by anyone, without bothering with lawyers.
@_date: 2015-06-24 11:06:45


Well, anyone can take a copy of the bitcoin core package and modify it at will.  It takes some effort to understand the code, but it is quite doable if one has the motivation and some spare time.  
The hard part, of course, is convincing others to run your version of the software, instead of de Peter's version or Mike's version.
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:21:50
I propose that the mean inter-block time be made suficiently large to ensure that a consensus can be reached among all the core developers and reddit gawkers about the size of the next block. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:21:25


It is what, 95% male?  
And 99.9% still believes in bitcoin. ;-)
@_date: 2015-06-04 20:15:00
Well, thanks for the reply, but I still don't see a connection between asymmetric crypto (or any *practical* computing problem) and asymptotic complexity theory. 
According to the latter, every function (even the Machine Halting  predicate, even functions that cannot be defined mathematically) can be computed in O(1) time if the domain is restricted to a finite set, even if bigger than the number of atoms in the universe.
The connection exists only if the practical problem is modeled by a function on an infinite domain; and even then, depending on the extension, the function may be O(1) or uncomputable, or anything in between.
I have come to the conclusion that students in Computer Science courses generally hate Complexity Theory, no matter who teaches it or how, for that reason: teachers tell them that it is fundamental to writing good programs, but the students can fuzzily perceive that it is totally irrelevant.  
It is as if chemical engineers had a course on the Banach-Tarski paradox, and were told that it was fundamental for their profession since it showed how to make the necesary amount of any substance...
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:26:19
There is ANOTHER cloud mining site that just went off the air... and left a song to its users:
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:02:46
The hype and cheap words from the big shots sound good, but the real significant news, that seasoned investors would pay attention to, are not good:
* Almost all merchants that are said to "accept bitcoins" actually accept dollars from the sale of bitcoins through Bitpay or Coinbase; only some of them keep some of the bitcoins as bitcoins. No major business is actually accepting bitcoins.
* Most of the coins that are used for payments through Bitpay or Coinbase are promptly sold by the processors. At least part of those coins come from old hoards; those coins increase the selling pressure at the exchanges.  The coins that are bought by customers expressely for the purpose of paying with bitcoin stay out of circulation for a few days only; so, if those customers use (say) 2000 BTC every day for an entire year, the buying pressure on the exchanges is the same as a **single** purchase of (say) 6000 BTC at the beginning of that year.  So,more merchants that "adopt bitcoin" and more people who pay them in bitcoins is **bad** news, not good news, for the price.
* However, the few reliable data that exists indicates that the dollar value of the BTC processed by BitPay, Coinbase, and the like, has been flat through 2014, if not decreasing.  Most of the new wallets created at Blockchain.Info are empty.  There are only ~700'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC or more, so there can't be more than 700'000 serious users of bitcoin.
* The results of the second USMS auction strongly indicate that major bitcoin investors are not optimistica about bitcoin.  If Draper really believed in 10'000 USD/BTC next year, he would be buying all the coins that he could get, at the auctions or on the exchanges, until the price got to near that value.  The fact that the price is now 323$ implied that no one with money to spare is willing t pay 330$ for bitcoin.
* Security remains a concern: it is all too easy to steal coins from uers that do not understand computer security, and hackers are increasingly turning their attention to that "line of business".  The recent BCI debacle showed the risk of trusting code that is downloaded from the internet, even if it is open-source.
* The altcoins that were supposed to die right away, because of the "first player's advantage and the "power fo the network", are still thrivng
And more...
@_date: 2014-12-19 02:40:31
OK, it seems that the bulk of your coins ended up (after a couple of steps) at that second wallet above.  But it may not have gone trough AgoraMarket, so perhaps the thief bought stuff from the merchant directly.  (Or 1BTuM6zqfb5JepfQGXB3VoNikP8AJaBobQ belongs to AgoraMarket too but the walleexplorer site did not realize that).
@_date: 2015-06-27 09:38:58


In a sense, I believe that too. 
However, some of them seem to have a their own plan for "success", that involves changing the original purpose of bitcoin to some other purpose which it wasn't designed for, and forcing its users to migrate to another system that does not exist yet but they believe they can build. 
And also I am afraid that some of them have invented some remedies to deal with network saturation, and are eager to see the network saturate so that their inventions can be put to use...
@_date: 2015-06-09 14:01:57
The side with 80% of the hashpower can jam the other chain using only 1/4 of its hashpower.  They *must* do so to prevent the split and minimize client confusion and losses.  
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:17:50
Doing so may get Wikipedia in trouble with the law.
But, of course, the goal of the campaign to get Wikipedia to "accept bitcoin" never was to help Wikipedia, but only to use Wikipedia to get free publicity for bitcoin... 8-(
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:18:58
You missed the point too: the worry is not a miner simply spamming the queues.  It is a rogue miner inserting *in the blockchain* a block so large that many nodes, clients, and miners will be unable to parse the blockchain, *permanently*. 
By repeating this attack with blocks of ever increasing size, the miner could knock almost the entire network out, *permanently*.
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:17:15
Their roads were the internet. The aqueducts were the ethernet LANs.
But their internet was centralized -- "all the roads lead to Rome", remember? (Clued by this bit of ancient lore, achaeologists are still looking for the ruins of the Roman Chunnel.) 
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:07:08
Actually, if the devs do not screw up on purpose, it should not require any coordination.  The fork will be programmed to occur at some time in the future.  Most players should upgrade at their leisure before that.  Those who upgrade will not have to do anything at the fork and will not notice anything particular. Those who fail to upgrade will find that their coins are inaccessible and/or unusable and/or worthless, and will have to upgrade in order to use them.
A national election in India is a much larger coordinated event.  Or the daily prayers of Islamism.  Or the Olympics, or the World Cup of soccer.  Or even [this](
@_date: 2015-06-10 21:29:55


aka "the Blockstream guys"...


... and [may not work for anything other than micropayments for streaming of elevator music or erotic video]( ... 


... and [it is uncertain whether they can solve the scalability problem]( ...
@_date: 2015-06-04 18:24:26
I stand by my comment.  I have experienced that myself: whenever I try to find real data and look hard at the numbers and issues, I get to that conclusion too.
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:13:12
Perhaps because the "corrections" are wrong?
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:58:57
Are you sure?  To verify whether a 1.1 MB block is valid, one would have to verify that the 75% majority did arise at some date between now and then. This is a new condition that will have to be checked, and did not have to be before.
@_date: 2015-06-06 03:09:35
The other players cannot effectively prevent a miner from seeing the blockchain and the transactions.  He can mask his IP for receiving purposes, run many nodes himself, etc.  
The protocol allows a miner to choose which transactions to include by any criterion he fancies. (Some miners already choose to mine empty blocks,even when there are thousands of transactions waiting.) 
On the other hand, ignoring mined blocks found by a miner because he is a "bad" miner would be a fatal violation of the protocol. Doing so would require all players to agree to a blacklist of "bad" miners, and to give it priority over the "longest chain wins" rule.
Clients cannot apply a blacklist on their own initiative; they would stand to lose a lot more than the shark miner.
The shark could be stopped if, among the other miners, a group with 51% of the hashpower choose to cooperate by orphaning all his mined blocks.  But they would gain less than they would by supporting him.  And anyway that would be a "51% attack", a thing that "cannot happen" because it would destroy confidence in bitcoin etc.. 
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:43:18
You don't run medical experiments in human subjects before seeing them work in mice.  Especially if you promise them things that you know you can't promise (or, worse, that you know that cannot happen).
@_date: 2015-06-03 07:37:08
Please consider [**these two questions of mine**](  Thanks.
@_date: 2015-06-20 03:43:03
If they have withdrawn euros as cash, they don't need bitcoin.  Only money in the bank is at risk.
@_date: 2015-06-20 02:05:38
Developers of operating systems, free or proprietary, regularly issue upgrades that sometimes make incompatible changes to basic components (like kernels, character sets, file system formats, etc.).  They have learned to auotmate their releases and smooth over the incompatibilities so as to minimize problems for the user.
It is naive to expect that the bitcoin protocol will never need a hard-fork type of change.  It is also bad engineering to make a change more complicated or restricted than it should, just so as to make it soft-fork rather than hard-fork.  So I insist: bitcoiners should view hard forks as natural things, and learn to do them so that they are no more dramatic than an OS upgrade.
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:09:07
The miner's coins are created by a special "coinbase" transaction in each block, so it is easy to tell whether some coins are freshly mined.  (Nothing to do with Coinbase the company - terrible name...)
Already in the current protocol, freshly-mined coins can only be moved after 100 confirmations or so.
Miners can choose which transactions to include in a block, and they do not have to be in chrono order.  Suppose a guy pays for a purchase with some coins (transaction A), then a few seconds later he issues another order to move those same coins to another address (transaction B).  A miner (even innocently) may include transaction B instead of A in his candidate block, and if he happens to solve the block before other miners, transaction B is confirmed and A gets rejected.  
The merchant can guard against this risk by waiting for at least one confirmation.  (f it has enough resources, it could also check that enough miners are already at work on blocks with transaction A. See the comment about Bitpay in this same topic.)
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:33:00
At the last bitcoin halving (2012-11-28) the price was $13.  Five weeks after the halving, the price was still $13.
Before the Feb/2013 bubble, there were several other bubbles.  Some had even more dramatic price increases.  But there were no halvings then.  Why should *that* one be connected to the halving? 
Litecoin just went through its first halving.  There was no bubble.
Comparison of prices show that the Feb/2013 rally was pulled by BTC-China; which, by coincidence, had just "acquired" Bobby Lee, a guy with a Management degree in the US and experience in some IT job at Walmart.  
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:50:20


Actually, as I learned only recently, some bitcoiner gave 10'000 BTC to another bitcoiner, who then ordered the pizzas to be delivered to the first bitcoiner, and *paid the pizza joint in USD, with his credit card*.  
@_date: 2015-06-24 22:20:11
On the contrary, Visa does a stress test on august every year, when they throw 3x as many bogus transactions as their normal traffic --*on the live net*
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:17:34


@_date: 2015-06-23 14:20:16


From what I have been able to learn so far, it seems that the Lightning Network cannot grow gradually.  It requres users to lock up all their bitcoins in payment channels to the hubs.  If only 30% or 50% of the bitcoin users are on the LN, then users will not know how much to lock up in it and how much to keep for non-LN payments.  They also cannot close and reopen channels all the time because that requires two blockchain transactions, nullifying the main goal of the LN. 
Hence the need for the network to saturate: so that *almost all* bitcoiners are *forced* to move *almost all their circulating money* to the LN.
@_date: 2015-06-25 21:00:16


The legit clients will raise their fees, the "stressors" will raise theirs, and the legit trasactions will still remain below the next block threshold.  Rinse and repeat.  And, with a bit of luck, there will be 10'000 clients fighting *with each other* to be the 2500 entries that *may* make it to the next block.  It should be fun to watch...


Those guys say that congestion is very bad for bitcoin and want to avoid it.  The small-blockians say that congestion is harmless and actually good for bitcoin.  


I know, but they are standard small-blockians' "solutions" for congestion.
@_date: 2014-12-27 16:06:59
I learned recently that Jesse Powell of Kraken went to help Mark Karpelès in 2011 after MtGOX had been hacked, and actually had his hands in the code and databases for several days.
I wonder whether Kobayashi was aware of that connection when he hired Kraken to assist in the MtGOX investigation.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:41:17
Some points:
(0) There are already several bitcoin funds open to accredited investors, that cannot be traded on open markets.  AFAIK they are not as successful as expected.  The Falcon group had such a fund, they closed it recently because it did not attract enough ineterest.
(2) Companies wishing to offer bitcoin funds for general public must get approval by the SEC or similar agencies.  The Winkles' COIN fund has been sitting in the SEC's lobby for a year perhaps.
(3) With its ~60% loss this year, no dividends, no assets, stalling "customer" base, ... Bitcoin looks terrible as an investment.  Why would established institutions offer such a dubious product to their customers?
(4) The huge Fortress investment group had invested a significant sum in bitcoin last year.  In their Q1/2014 financial report, the only red mark was the bitcoin investment.  They quickly swapped the bitcoins for equity in the Pantera fund management group -- which will make some money, no matter what happens to the price.  And most VC investment "in bitcoin" this year has actually ben on companies that handle bitcoins, rather than in bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2015-06-10 03:48:39
Privacy (beyond the anonymity of addresses) was not a goal of bitcoin.  If it is to become a goal, the protocol should be redesigned from scratch, aiming for that goal.
To solve the mining centralization problem and the problem of reaching consensus on forks, one would need a couple of geniuses who will come up with the necessary brilliant ideas. 
The other "problems" do not require changes to the core implementation; they should be achieved with separate software packages, or aren't even software issues. So they are irrelevant for the block size issue.
@_date: 2015-06-30 11:45:45
They know who I am, and I have debated CS stuff with Greg several times.  I am sure that they can understand what Mike wrote and know that he is right.  To me, their position on the blocksize debate would make sense only if Blockstream's future depended on the network reaching saturation next year...
@_date: 2014-12-31 07:45:02


Those "news" only exist in the bitcoin media.  If you read only what Microsoft actually said [in this article]( and delete everything that Coindesk wrote around the quotes, you will see that Microsof dodged the question and  is not "bitcoin friendly" at all.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:57:10
I could not watch the video on my computer, but when other people say such thing, they mean: "the" Bitcoin system has many shortcomings and may (or will) not prosper, but some other system using similar ideas will (or may) one day succeed, for the same or for a different purpose.
Even **[this board member of the Bitcoin Foundation]( seems defensive, in that sense.
@_date: 2014-12-19 11:09:32
For 13 blocks, 4 hours, density 6 blocks/hour, the Poisson distribution should give a very low probability, shouldn't it?  (I will do the math as soon as I get some coffee ..) 
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:23:50
If the network were centralized, all its useful work (checking for double spends and account ownership, assembling and signing blocks) could be done by a single PC.  The huge hashpower of the current network is wasted solving the block puzzles, to maintain the decentralization.  
@_date: 2014-11-25 07:30:05
Well, at least one of us does not understand how the blockchain works. 
If the "orthodox" devs want protocol A while the cartel wants protocol B, the cartel can mine the A fork, and, having a majority of the hashpower, reject all transactions from it.  On the side, the cartel also mines the B fork, including in it all transactions.  Clients are then forced to upgrade to the B protocol if they want to use the system.  What is wrong with this?
@_date: 2014-11-22 17:19:57
Well, it was the main headline of the paper.  To serve its purpose, the Genesis block note had to be a headline in some paper of the day that the block was created.  To think that Satoshi wanted to send a message through that note, you have to assume that he postponed mining  until some major paper came out with a suitable headline.
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:00:35


Or maybe he does understand it better than most bitcoiners?  
The bitcoin network is not committed to bitcoin, it can mine any other currency with similar enough protocol -- in particular, the same protocol with a completely new blockchain.  Miners can and will switch to any such altcoin if it means more profits (which is not the case now, but who knows in the future).
So, while there is a limited supply of the Satoshi20090103 bitcoins, the supply of cryptocoins is infinite.  And even the supply of Bitcoin can be expanded at will in the future, if the majority of the miners agree to do so.
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:48:43
You mean that they are now burning off their VC investments to stay open?
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:04:36
See China.  They would close the payment processors and make it illegal to quote prices in BTC, sell BTC through e-commerce sites, etc.
Going further, they could raid clandestine exchanges and confiscate all bitcoins.  Fine people caught using bitcoins.  Sabotage the network...
@_date: 2014-12-24 02:12:18
Yes, thanks.
@_date: 2015-06-17 23:59:41
Buy where? The Greek resident must must first open an account at some bitcoin exchange, say Bitstamp, and send his euros to it.  How will he do that, exactly?  Why can't he simply open a bank account in Slovenia or elsewhere, and deposit the euros there?
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:19:57


This news it almost 2 years old, isn't it?  I could not see a date in the article (pretty useless, by the way).
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:16:56


Does that mean that clients will have to listen to the transactions being broadcast in order to make sense of the blocks that are sent out by miners?
What if miner A sends out a block that includes a transaction that miner B has not received yet.  In the current protocol, the transaction is in the block, so B can start working on the next block right away.  If B only gets a Bloom filter, will he have to wait until he gets the referenceed transactions in order to start working on the next block?
What if a miner published a block with bogus bits in the Bloom filter: how can the other miners tell that it is not a valid block?
@_date: 2014-11-18 05:57:53
The article is incorrect in some points:


MtGOX did not cause the Dec/2013 collapse, the Chinese "ban" did it; and the price did not plummet to nothing, only to 400$ or so.  MtGOX insolvency became acute and obvious only in early Feb/2014.  Rather, the Dec/2013 price collapse may have contributed to the collapse MtGOX. What MtGOX is remembered for is the 0.5 billion USD loss inflicted on their clients.


That is not what the announcement says, rather the account data will be "shredded" (erased) to preserve the users' privacy. (So they say, who knows.)
@_date: 2014-11-23 04:55:54
There could be a fee required for a forwarding transaction.  One could also require that the address in question had some coins at some point but is empty now.  Or that it has some minimum balance, and that balance is collected by the miner as TX fee. Either way, a "farmer" would have to spend some amount in fees for zero expected return.
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:40:42
If you use any software that was written by someone else on that computer, it could modify the random-number generator (RNG) so that your private keys will look random but are in fact easy to guess, or to compute from the signatures of your transactions.
Blockchain.info is "expert" in that sort of thing: they provided their clients with buggy wallet software, that included a broken RNG and allowed hackers to guess or compute their keys.  **Twice.**
@_date: 2015-06-12 15:57:48
OK, so you mean: do a hard fork to change the protocol so that all clients and nodes accept blocks of any size.   Then what?  Where does the 2MB come in, if it is not a hard limit?
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:30:31
The internet was limited by policy to a number of universities and tech companies, until 1992 or so.  Once it went public it exploded and just kept growing, as fast as the hardware (high-speed telephone lines and modems) would allow.  Trying to compare its acceptance with that of bitcoin is ludicrous.
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:11:58
Most merchants that "accept bitcoin" accept through a payment processor, so they are not affected by (and cannot affect) protocol changes.
If the leading payment processors and a majority mining cartel want to change the protocol, most users will probably want to upgrade their clients to implement the change.  A majority mining cartel may even be able to impose such a change unilaterally.  This is a known risk.
@_date: 2014-12-08 12:55:05
How much does the bitcoin ATM charge?
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:50:07
If bitcoin were outlawed in Bloodistan, it would be much more difficult to exchange it locally for cash or goods.  The Bloodistani government could watch its users more easily, since only outlaws will use it. (Sure, they could use Tor -- if they are lucky and pick a Tor entry node that is not run by the Bloodistani police.).  Anyone who used bitcoin would automatically be investigated as a possible agent of North Sarmatia. In fact, the Boodistani police would not have to figure out who paid the guy and for what; they could send the guy to jail just for using bitcoin.  And Nort Sarmatian agents would have to avoid bitcoin, because of that risk.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:55:07
Oh. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 12:11:49
Well, I believe that you are grossly overestimating the number of bitcoiners who will understand the change and object to it.  I bet that most day-traders will not care, especially the Chinese ones.  Those who use bitcoins for e-payments, for pratical rather than "religious" reasons, also won't care.  I suspect that many big holders too won't care either, especially those who are creating bitcoin funds (as a way to sell their coins off-market).  I would guess than only a couple thousand bitcoiners would be really upset by the proposal.
Also, anyone who holds a large amount of bitcoins (especially if they were bought above the current price) will have to choose between dumping his coins as fast as he can, knowing that he will get only a fraction of ther current worth; or hold and hope that the price will recover.  *Either way, he had better strongly support the change and try to convince everbody that it is good for bitcoin.*  
And those holders will not be telling a lie, because *those changes are indeed better for bitcoin,* or could easily be.  Those parameters of the protocol are not sacred, or optimal, or even based on some economic argument; they were just picked partly at random, partly for programming convenience.  The changed protocol is not less optimal than the original one.  As I wrote, the changes improve scarcity and network security.  So, why would the new bitcoins be worth less than the old ones?
Perhaps you meant to say that bitcoiners would reject the proposal to make *any* changes to the protocol, not specifically *those* changes.  As I wrote above, I believe that only a small minority will be upset about that.    Most bitcoiners will happily let the men in the machine room fix whatever they think needs fixing. 
Or perhaps you meant that bitcoiners would jump ship as soon as they realized that a majority cartel was trying to take control.  But the top 4 mining pools, apparently all Chinese, already have enough power to try to control the cartel (54% a few days ago, 61% today).  You claim that, if they just tried, bitcoin would immediately commit suicide.  So *the top 4 miners already can destroy bitcoin.*  Why are bitcoiners still around, then?
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:37:46
Either change will require a hard fork, so politically and operationally it would not make much difference.  It is believed that increasing the block frequency will increase the number of orphan blocks (block that are found almost at the same timeby two different miners); especially by miners with less bandwidth.
But also there is not much room to go that way.  Reducing from 10 min to 2.5 min (like Litecoin) would only increase the max throughput by 4x; and it would be increasingly difficult to reduce the gap further.  So an increase in frequency may be interesting, but more for other reasons than increasing the max throughput.
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:22:54
I agree that the max block size (MBS) increase per se, or the hard fork that will be required for it, will have very little impact on the "value proposition" of bitcoin -- especially if  the increase is to 4 MB or 8 MB only.  
In fact, the MBS increase would be a fairly small change in the protocol, compared to the ones that will be required to fix transaction malleability and add the new opcodes for sidechain support.  It could even be seen as a good "fire drill" for the community to rehearse and improve the mechanics of a hard fork, without the extra risk of the change itself.  It would require a trivial parameter change, or none at all, in all the software out there that parses and analyzes the blockchain, and would not change qualitatively the logic of the protocol.
That said, I believe that bitcoin has already lost its main feature -- absence of a controlling authority -- because  mining is already too centralized in half a dozen companies and in a single country.  
Bitcoin transactions are also quite expensive.  They seem cheap only because their cost is borne by the new investors who buy the bitcoins from the block rewards. 
"Programmable and extensible money" is not a new feature, because centralized systems already provide arbitrarily complicated forms of money transfer -- which, in their case, may depend also on conditions external to the money system (e.g. payments conditional to merchandise or labor being delivered, damages being demonstrated, legislation being enacted or not, etc.)
Other features of bitcoin -- the fixed supply with no demurrage tax, the irrevocability, pseudo-anonymity, immunity to legat confiscation, etc -- are more disadvantages than advantages.
Bitcoiners expect people to leave civilization and move their economic lives to this virtual Wild West planet where possession is ownership, and there are no laws, courts, police, taxes, or governments.  That is not progress; it is moving back 100 centuries or more.  
Not even the most cunning bandits could create gold, or steal gold that they could not find and grab.  Yet, even when gold was money, every society on Earth still found it necessary to create governments with laws and law enforcement, in order to protect their gold.  Specifically, governments that could take gold -- by force if necessary -- from its possessor and return it to its legitimate owner.  It will not be different with bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-24 12:17:44
That is my understanding too. Except that 
(1) the newer chain can have a temporary lowering of the difficulty after the fork.  For example, lowering by 50% for the first block after the fork, then drifting back to normal gradually over the next 200 blocks.  Then, if more than 50% of the miners have upgraded, the average block interval in the new chain would be 5 to 10 minutes,  while in the old chain it would be 20 minutes to eternity.
(2) Knowing that the majority chain will win after the fork, most miners who find themselves in the minority camp just before the fork will want to switch to the majority version, out of self-interest; even if they do not like it.  That is, most of the drift to 100:0 split will happen before the fork, because people know what will happen after it.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:55:46
That is how all the "fee market"  believers reason, unfortunately.  But it will not be anything like that.  ***Clients will not know what is the right fee in advance, not even while they are waiting in the queue, because it depends on what fees the other clients will choose next.***  Why is this so hard to understand?
Perhaps the problem is ideological.  The libertarian philosophy has no space for "social thinking".  The libertarian "modus cogitandi" seems to be: look at what the others are doing now, imagine what ***I*** would do if X was Y, and if that would be good  ***for me***, then switching from X to Y is good.  It seems that they are not allowed to think what ***the others*** would do if X was Y.  
Gun control is a case in point. Libertarians seem to be mostly in favor of unrestricted gun sales, because then ***I*** would be able to buy a bazooka and that would allow ***me*** to protect myself from all those bastards out there.  Apparently they never think that, in that case, those bastards out there would be the first in line to buy bazookas and missiles and armoured tanks.  And that, for many people out there, ***I*** am the dangerous bastard -- and they would think of doing something about that problem before I go crazy or something.
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:51:51
How can a voter trust that the voting station does not record his ID together with his vote, and releases that data later to prospective employers or the local mafia boss?
@_date: 2014-12-06 18:00:28


Be patient, those things take years.
MtGOX accounting is being investigated by Deloitte, hired by the bankuptcy trustee Kibayashi who was appointed by the bankruptcy judge.  Deloitte has already determined that the databases have been docotored, which points to fraud by management.  Kobayashi has already asked the Japanese police to investigate some issues (not clear which). 
BFL had their assets frozen and is under control of a receiver appointed by a judge in Kansas, at the request of the Federal Trade Commission.  The FTC charged BFL with violating customer protection laws by lying about the wait times, using the machines that were prepaid by customers to mine BTC for themselves, spending customers money on houses and luxury cars instead of in filling orders, and refusing to give refunds as the laws command.  The judge will decide these days whether BFL will continue under the receivership.  After the FTC is done with filling the back orders or refunding customers, other three-letter agencies are expected to investigate other aspects, such as tax evasion.
Meanwhile the FBI is prosecuting some bitcoin scammers, such as Trendon Shavers, for "using a new currency, but the same old reprehensible tricks": [Trendon Shavers arrested](
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:24:54
Ross Ulbricht not only gave the FBI the keys to his "personal" wallet, but agreed to let the USMS auction his coins when and how the USMS choose to, while the court decides whether they are his or not.  Guess, why did he do that?
@_date: 2014-12-29 16:33:03
Good, at least in this version of the article the reporter is no longer implying that MoED wants to protect bitcoin.  The next version perhaps will say "MoED does not object to bitcoin ban as long as merchant points and the like are not affected."
@_date: 2014-12-26 19:19:20
Sorry for being too blunt.  I believe that I understand bitcoin well enough to have my opinion too.  There is no rational argument that makes the "going to the moon" seem very likely, or even that would allow us to guess a probability.  ALL the great "bitcoin experts" were predicting a substantial price increase by now, only 8 months ago; there has been no significant development since then, and none of them can explain why the price dropped instead.  
Buying bitcoin is not investment, it is gambling with unknown odds and unknown payoffs.  You should not gamble money that you cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2014-11-25 04:07:25
The paper makes two unproven claims:


For many bitcoin users -- including the Chinese day-traders, who currently define its price -- a moderate degree of "manipulation" may be irrelevant, or even perceived as beneficial.  For example, the majority cartel may decide to "rewind" partially the blockchain in order to undo transactions that were determined to be thefts or huge blunders.  Or it may starve a mining center operated by a terrorist organization.
Without that second bolded premise (2), the conclusion of that section does not follow.   It *may* in fact be worth for a majority cartel to manipulate the blockchain.
As for the first bolded premise (1), the cartel can also use its transaction blocking power to force clients to upgrade to a modified protocol.  For example, it could change the protocol so as to postpone the next block halving -- and the consequent fee increase -- for several years.  Again, depending on the change, the users may not object, or even approve of it; so the price need not collapse, and the change may be profitable for the cartel.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:06:47
Quote from the [original CoinDesk article](


So, just another enterprise that aims to shrewdly liberate the good bitcoiners from their filthy fiat...
EDIT: Sounds like a copycat of SecondMarket's BIT fund (same minimum investment even).  Possibly without its guarantees, as weak as they may be...
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:20:18
On the other hand, this chart is less optimistic:
Daily total transaction volume in USD (excluding assumed changebacks, 7-day smoothed)
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:24:58
Whatever; the point stands, that almost all merchants who "accept bitcoin" are not prepared to accept them directly, or do not want to (volatility and all that).  Thus customers who need to buy from them are forced to use the bitcoin payment processors (or dollars)
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:28:48
You mean someone will launch нео и пчелo there?
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:50:48
Is there any data that clearly shows increased use for paying for stuff or services, over the last year?  (The number of merchants that "accept bitcoin" through Bitpay and the like has increased a lot, but what about the customers, and the money they are spending?  We can't see any increase in that plot, but maybe it is lost in the non-payment traffic.  Is there any other source?)
@_date: 2014-12-26 00:42:30
The reward is 25 BTC per block no matter how much power the miners have, or how much energy they waste.  They race to have the most hashes because that increases their slice of those 25 BTC.
The reward will go down in 2017 and that *may* halve the hash power and the energy consumption ... compared to whatever it was just before the halving, that no one can predict.
The main variable that determines how much energy is used by the network is the BTC price (P).  The second variable is the amount of BTC that is given to the miners per day, in block rewards and transaction fees.
Then we can predict that the miners will waste around 0.9×P×R worth of electric energy per day.  The "0.9" factor assumes that the miners will have about 10% profit over their costs (which is roughly the rate of return predicted for any free market that has been functioning long enough).  Energy prices vary, but 0.05 $/kWh seems a typical value for a well-located miner.
Unfortunately, both P and R are quite unpredictable at this point.  The block reward is predictable, but the fees may be ultimately set by the miners.  When the fees become significant, the number and volume of transactions in the blockchain will shrink dramatically.
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:07:24
Please show me how they would work [in a simple example]( 
@_date: 2015-06-28 16:26:35
They obviously had no idea of what the sign meant. Someone may have put it there 18 months ago, but you can bet that they haven't had a single bitcoin-paying customer since then.  You can't fault the waiters for not knowing anything about bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:09:55
Could be. This may be someone who bought 1000 BTC from BitPay and 1000 BTC from Bitstamp on Dec/12:
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:48:11


I would appreciate if you could point to a source for that.  Have you seen their audits?  (As a privately funded company, they are not required to publish them.)


BitPay has to sell them all, minus some small fees, because they must give the equivalent dollars to the merchants.  And they may lose money -- e.g. if they accepted 1 BTC as payment for a 330$ purchase, but the price drops to 320$ by the time they get to sell it.  Didn't you know that?
You don't have to guess, you can snoop their receiving wallet [**here**]( Notice that there are many small amounts going in (presumably, people paying for purchases), a few small amounts going out (maybe marchants who *really* accept bitcoin, or refunds to customers), a few large amounts coming in (some, at least, from miners like KnC, maybe paying their utility bills or equipment), and a few large amounts going out, like that 700 BTC deposit ... to Bitstamp. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:56:07
Thanks.  So it is simply the 150 addresses that have been receiving the most transactions?  That criterion is clearly excluding some gambling sites, but does not exclude popular entities that use a fresh address for each client deposit.
@_date: 2014-12-01 05:16:28
Perhaps you mean Bobby Lee, CEO of BTC-China; not his brother Charlie, creator of Litecoin?
There is a video where Bobby Lee accuses Huobi and OKCoin of padding their volumes.  That was sometime in Q1 or Q2/2014, at a time when OKCoin and Huobi had all the volume and BTC-China's was just a pittance. 
However, in november 2013 the situation was reversed: BTC-China was big, and the other two were distant seconds.  When the Chinese government issued the "December decree", BTC-China lost their bank deposit channel, while Huobi and OKCoin retained theirs.  then all the volume that was at BTC-China shifted to the other two.  BTC-China recovered their place only recently. 
So, was BTC-China's volume fake in November 2013, too?  Is their volume now fake as well?  Or, rather, were those statements by Bobby just sour grapes?
Fake trade is transactions where both parties are the same person, or conspirators with a common goal.  A transaction between competing traders is not fake.  Sure, zero fees generate more volume: both by attracting more traders, and by letting each trader do more trades, on smaller spreads.  But that does not make the trades "fake" or less valid than trades that pay a fee.  
China has been setting the price since the last great bubble, if not since early 2013.  One can check that practically all the major price movements since October 2013 were due to developments that were relevant to the Chinese speculators; whereas news that were relevant only outside China had no effect on the price at all.
PS. Months ago I was monitoring the volume on the major exchanges.  China typically had close to 90% of the volume; and then I learned that there were two ro three other large exchanges in China that I had not been monitoring...
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:06:11
Any link to that 2'500 ATM number?  
IIRC, the Mexico thing is about 6'000 regular ATMs where you can withdraw pesos (not bitcoin) from a remittance that was paid with bitcoin in the US.  I don't know the fees and how it works. Are the BTC sold for USD, which re remitted, or are they sent to a Mexican company that sells them locally for pesos?
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:47:56
To be precise, it is paid by the investors who buy those mined coins to start or increase their holdings. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 19:58:13


I wrote why: someone offers them a couple grand to do it, and then it fits with their economic incentives.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:43:38
Thanks!  I already saw a set of similar slides, but maybe these are a new version.
@_date: 2015-06-09 22:20:24


AFAIK, The top 4 pools (which right now have 58% of the total hashpower) are Chinese.  Methinks that you should worry *only* about the Chinese miners...
@_date: 2015-06-19 15:17:22
And the "new devs" then complain that Gavin and Mike are being "dictatorial" by discussing their proposal with all the major players and then proposing it in public... 
@_date: 2014-11-22 09:59:31
If you have an engineer's mind, then the answer you may want is: many people have tried, for many years, to find a way to break the algorithms that are used in the bitcoin protocol to prevent theft; but no one has found a way and told the world about it.  That is about the best we can say.
If you have a mathematician's mind, then the right answer for you is that we do not know whether those algorithms are safe.  Some people claim that they are safe because breaking them is an NP-hard or quantum-hard problem; but that is incorrect for two reasons.  
First, those terms apply only for problems with an infinite domain; but the problem INV(256) of computing the private key from a public bitcoin key has a finite domain (the set of all public keys). People who make those claims are assuming a more general problem INV(n) where the public keys can have arbitrarily large size n, and then they prove that INV(n) is NP-complete or quantum-hard.  But this proof tells only what happens when the size n goes to infinity; the proof says nothing at all about the difficulty of INV(256).  The theory of computational complexity has nothing useful to say about the latter.
Second, even the proof that INV(n) is NP-complete does not quite say that INV(n) is too expensive to compute, because no one knows yet whether the "NP-complete" problems are really harder than the "polynomial" ones.  This "P vs. NP" question has been open since the 1970's, and there is no evidence for either P = NP or P != NP.
@_date: 2014-10-21 15:51:20
Shouldn't we consider the "bitcoin experiment" over only after mining revenue has successfully transitioned from block reward to transaction fees?
@_date: 2014-12-28 01:36:45
Yes, that is the more common name in Anglophone countries it seems.  
It seems that merchants will start to reject the "bad money" only in extreme cases (hyperinflation).  That may have more to do with practicality (say, you need several pounds of notes to buy groceries) or fear of losing too much value while holding it (say, inflation of 1% per day or more).
In the case of gold and silver coins, the coin's value was deftermined by its metal contents, so hoarding them only increased their value.  But the intrinsic value of bitcoin is supposed to derive only from its demand as medium of payment.  So there is a paradox there: if bitcoin gets hoarded, and people use Dogecoin or dollars for payments, then it has no value, then no one will want to hoard it...  Where will the equilibrioum be?
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:21:05
Bitcoin was meant to be just a technical experiment, not a product for public use.  But yes, irreversibility is an unavoidable consequence of the lack of central authority (or, rather, the adoption of a dumb and inflexible algorithm as the central authority.)  
For the question of widespread adoption, the question is then: is it worth to give up reversibility for the sake of removing a human central authority?  
The use of payment processors and escrows (or "notaries") brings back the trusted intermediary, which sort of defeats the goal of bitcoin.  Why is that better than trusting a banker, or a real notary, with that task?
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:59:34
Well, OK, except that bitcoin hasn't changed the world much yet.  We'll see.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:38:24
And vice-versa...  
No crypto has been the target of much mass media marketing yet (except bitcoin in Cyprus by Neo&amp;Bee, and that has totally backfired there).  I suspect that a few professionally-done ads on prime-time TV could be enough to make Litecoin surpass Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:57:53
Well, I see tons of evidence that it was China's demand that drove the Nov/2013 rally.  **[Reporters who took the trouble of looking at China]( got the same conclusion.  MtGOX could not do it just by faking trades.
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:01:14


More precisely, of what the Ripple network proposes to be.  Except that it will be terribly more expensive.


You mean **by** the State... If the network becomes controlled by a single entity, the State will only need to control that entity to control its use.
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:37:06


Har har.  We can see how true that is, right now...
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:49:53
It is confusing; very bad writing.  For one thing they say "mining" when it may be "gold mining" or "bitcoin mining".
Not clear whether there is any evidence that Wright actually paid any bitcoins to Ferrier.  Ferrier denies the whole thing, so it is liar's word against liar's word... 
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:29:21
Well, I still would like to know why and how Autumn Radtke died.
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:20:02
Thanks, I am aware of (some of) the fishy things published about them.  Do they really have 80+ PH/s of mining equipment, os is that much in doubt now?
(BTW, there were 25 bitcoin blocks in the last 4 hours by my count, so the hashrate may be up again.)
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:42:18
Good, then (a) is solved for you.  I wonder still about (b). Suppose that it were cash, and you claimed that it was stolen.  How would it work out?
@_date: 2014-12-28 01:18:36
Can you at least read what I wrote?  
Here is a [picture]( that may help you understand it.  (I suppose you would rather help that cash-strapped neonazi or whatever with dollar bills instead of bitcoin.  Would you then post a selfie of you handing him the money? Thank you.)
@_date: 2014-12-10 23:18:05
Satoshi probably did not imagine that his technical experiment would be appropriated by a horde of penny stock peddlers and trinket merchants.  
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:06:05
In general, when coins move you cannot tell whether they are changing hands.  
The address 1QKiUHsYGbagsjz3rqmTRfDcptCwyra5MD seems to be part of [this wallet](  This wallet receives many small inputs from a few other wallets, one of them identified as the receiving wallet of AgoraMarket.  Thus it could be the receiving address of one of the merchants who sells at AgoraMarket (and perhaps other markets). 
Address 19A8tnumMhHpuKQH8qpft9NwCMbHP3Fid5 belongs to a [similar wallet]( except that it has much less traffic and receives its inputs only from AgoraMarket.
Thus the thief (or someone he sold the coins to) may have used your coins to buy stuff at AgoraMarket. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 00:02:28


As an Indian banking official perspicuously observed, "it is not an **intentional** Ponzi scheme". ;)
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:24:25
Two MIT **students** claimed to have a bot that got a modest profit on simulated trading with past prices.
If you have a bot that does random trading, and you run it several times on the same historic data, adjusting its (irrelevant) parameters each time, you will eventually get a run that shows some profit.  At that point you declare that you found the optimal parameters, stop testing and publish a paper on arXiv.
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:08:49
Someone asked him about bitcoin.  He gave his opinion, which is by no means uncommon.  So?
@_date: 2014-12-09 20:12:25
(1) if you are not a computer security expert, don't put your money into bitcoin.
(2) if you are a computer security expert, you already know that.
@_date: 2014-12-26 22:43:57


I could not find any explanation either, but the only method I can imagine that can be automated is to watch for addresses that are used together as inputs to the same transaction.  One can be quite sure that those addresses belong to the same person, since both private keys must be used to sign the transaction.  With that information, one can group addresses into clusters that are known to belong to the same owner.  Those may be the "wallets" of that site. 
This method may miss some addresses, of course, if they are never used together with others of the same person.  Indeed, every time that database gets updated (daily, perhaps), those wallets get augmented with a few more addresses that had some activity before but were not known to be part of the same group.  However, in the case of bitpay those changes seem to be small and only affect the most recent day totals. 
This method is expected to work because places like bitpay  have to merge many individual receiving addresses for further processing.  Those transactions identify all the merged addresses as belonging to the same wallet.  Then it takes just one more transaction that combines one of those addresses and one known to be BitPay's, to connect all of them to BitPay.  Wallet software will usually pick the inputs of a transaction automatically among the available UTXOs, so as to optimize fees or other criteria; so it usually generates enough data to identify the wallet.
@_date: 2014-11-24 06:08:47
All players in the bitcon scene got excited by the 2013 rallies, especially the November one.  In late 2013 and early 2014, many companies were created,  expansion plans were made, VC funding was pledged, equipment was purchased, offices were rented -- all assuming the BTC price would remain stable for a while and then rally again to even higher levels by the end of this year.  Instead, the price fell significantly after February, and there is no sign yet of the next rally.  Some of those ventures are still profitable, but many must be living off their VC investment funds, hoping to become profitable when the next rally comes.  If the recovery does not come soon, they will become increasingly tempted to cheat.
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:40:09
Anonymity is not freedom.  Anonymity is not a way to fight for your rights.  Anonymity is running away and hiding, and you cannot do what you want, or enjoy your rights, while you are hiding.  It is almost a voluntary prison.
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:36:26
A Trezor costs a couple hundred dollars.  It is not for people who are just starting to use bitcoin.  
The smartcard-like wallets are cheaper (tens of dollars?) but do not seem to be secure at all: if the computer is compromised, it can do a man-in-the-middle attack, tricking the user into signing a transaction for a different amount and address than he sees on the screen. 
@_date: 2014-12-31 07:18:34




Are they scared? Why?  
As far as I can tell, altcoins are *already* sidechains. 
For example, take the Litecoin protocol and network plus all the exchanges that trade Litecoin. Isn't that a sidechain (the LiteSideChan, LSC)?  
* When someone deposits BTC into one of those exchanges, those BTC are effectively "frozen"on the blockchain (the original owner cannot move them anymore), and are effectively "transferred" to the LSC;
* When someone withdraws BTC from some of those exchanges,  the corresponding BTC in the blockchain, that were "frozen" and assigned to the LSC, are unfrozen and moved to that person's address.
Also, each exchange that trades BTC is a sidechain.   Bitpay is a sidechain.  BitFunder and Hashie.co were sidechains.   Isn't it so?
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:50:50
Keeping your private keys in a Trezor is **much** safer than keeping them on the same PC that you use for work and play, or signing transactions in a cybercafe, or with the hotel's courtesy PC.  It is even a safer than storing your keys in a PC that is not connected to the internet and taking transactions to/from it via an USB drive.  But it is not completely safe, and users must be aware of the remaining risks.
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:15:44
Much easier to beleive that it was the joint announcement by the major Chinese miners that they support increasing the max block size to 8 MB.  The timing of the spike was just right, and the Chinese exchanges seemed to be leading the rally.
The joint statement should have pleased the Chinese traders beause it means increasing the max throughput of the network from the pathetic 2.5 tx/s (worldwide), already half-saturated, to a slightly less pathetic 20 tx/s.  
But the announcement may also have increased the trader's confidence on the Chinese bitcoin leaders, who showed cooperation and pragmatism, while the Western leaders were engaged in a pie-throwing war with dozens of bizantine proposals... 
@_date: 2014-11-28 02:02:57
But even if the landlord wants chicken patties, if you give him dollars in cash he is required to accept them.  That is my understanding.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:43:31
The "economic majority" of users and processors does not control the blockchain.  It is bound to use the longest blockchain that is valid by the rules of whatever protocol that they choose to follow.  But a cooperating majority of the miners can render the old-protocol branch of the blockchain useless, so all clients will have to switch to the new protocol in order to use their coins.
See this article:
[Eyal and Sirer, "How a Mining Monopoly can Attack Bitcoin"](
Here is a [detailed scenario]( based on my understanding of that article
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:16:26
The people who invest in airliner companies know that they **are** buying airplanes, of course.  (And they are more than OK with that, because they know that airplanes actually make profits.  They don't buy them airplanes to keep in the hangar, in the hope that they may become more valuable years from now.)  
Companies like BitPay are to bitcoin like tourist agencies are to airplanes.  Agencies that sold tickets for flights on the Concorde did not care to know about the future of the plane or of its owners.  They took their X% commission of the ticket price, made made profit while the plane and the airline lasted, and when both crashed they just had to change the posters on the wall. 
Now look at the list of all venture capital investments made this year, and note how many of those investments went into buying bitcoins.  Then you perhaps will undrstand why the price is falling in spite of those 320 M$ of investment "in bitcoin".
People who start funds, like Silbert and the Winkles, are looking for a way to sell their coins without messing with the market.  The fund managers must buy bitcoins whenever a client buys fund shares; before buying from the open market or other sources, the fund managers will buy the coins that the fund creators have been holding (who may be the same people, but with different hats).
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:51:58
That's "30 second", right?
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:14:27
You mean using the 51% advantage to pull a double-spending fraud after N confirmations?  That would be more drastic, and more difficult to pull through. (The defrauded person could appeal to the law, and the cartel could hardly hide its intent.  However that is not an absolute deterrent, the owners may be out of rach of the law.)  But a 51% cartel can do many other things, as pointed above, which do not kill bitcoin outright but make it unlikely to succeed in the long run.
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:54:37
BTC-China lost their bank deposit channels after the "December Decree".  Their volume immediately dropped to near zero.  They tried to substitute a voucher system, and insisted with it for months, but it obviously it was not popular.  Meanwhile Huobi kept on working with the CEO's personal account, and OKCoin managed to get a corporate account.  All the volume that was at BTC-China promptly migrated to those two exchanges.  A couple of months ago BTC-China apparently got its act together and has since recovered ist place besides the other two.
So, the apparent "return of the bubble" in that chart is not a general trend of the Chinese market, but only the BTC-China revival.  To get the whole picture, you shoudl look at the other Chinese exchanges, or at least to Huobi and OKCoin.  (Bitcoincharts has added OKCoin only recently, and still pretends that Huobi does not exist; but there are other sited that show both.)
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:05:39
What prevents the cartel from mining C?
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:41:41
Bitcoin investing: just say no.
@_date: 2014-12-20 23:35:58
Sorry, I don't understand what you say, and for that reason I will continue talking about security of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:16:39
One does not decide to create a venture at breakfast, then go to the supermarket and come back with 10 million dollars  of VC before lunch.
Before one can announce a VC funding to the world,  one must draw a business plan, talk to investors, detail the plan, draft a contract, register the business, etc.  That often takes months.
For example, OKCoin announced in March that they got 10 million US$ in venture capital; but they said that the deal was closed four months earlier, in December 2013:
@_date: 2014-11-30 20:20:17
I don't think so. For a critical application, is much safer to use a library that has been examined by thousands of eyes eager to find bugs, than one's own code.
Besides, the innovation in bitcoin is not in the cryptography, but in the rules for encouraging and rewarding miners to cooperate in the maintenance of a distributed ledger, and to protect it from sabotage.  While Prof. A. Lenstra may have been interested in these topics too, they are quite distinct from cryptography itself.  I know a few professors who work in cryptography, and they are generally uninterested in and/or skeptical of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:27:47
The problem with TOR is WHO operates the nodes, and WHAT the node operators will do if the government leans on them...
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:35:16
Volume always goes up when the price is changing fast, up **or down**.  Volume is up for all BTC/xxx pairs now, even BTC/USD.
@_date: 2014-12-23 12:47:06
Sigh.  Open source lets you check a **source** that is posted somewhere.  Then you download a **binary** from somewhere.  Can you see the problem there?
Keeping your coins in a Trezor is better than keeping them in a PC, even if the PC is isolated from the internet.  The same is true of other hardware wallets, although they are somewhat less secure than the Trezor.  But all of them require you to trust the manufacturer, the people in the shipping chain, and (for reloadable devices) the place you download the firmware from.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:09:45
For the previous auction, SecondMarket (SM) organized a syndicate -- a group of people who placed bids for one or more lots.  Each member had to provide identity and (IIRC) his share of the price in advance, and a few percent of fees for SM.    SM placed the bid; if it had won, SM would split the BTC among the members.
SM was contacted by reporters about this coming auction and said that they were thinking whether to do it again.
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:37:26
They may not be aware of the malware.  The point is that one should never copy the private key to someone else's computer, or demand that someone does that.
@_date: 2014-12-31 02:32:57
While we wait for that, this [log-scale price plot]( shows another famous case of steady exponential growth for five years straight, much smoother than bitcoin's.
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:42:20
dup thread...
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:07:26
Banks offer financial privacy to some level, they hide your moves from competing businesses.
They won't hide them from law enforcement.  Some people may want a system that does that, but the majority does not seem to care about that kind of privacy, and indeed will not want others to have it. 
Financial privacy is even hard to defend philosophically.  One must deal with the agnostic version of "Give to Caesar what is Caesar's": it is society that gives value to money (even bitcoin), so why shouldn't society know who has it and how it flows?  We already accept that once you step on the public street you are no longer entitled to privacy about your comings and goings.  Why should it be different when you "step" into the "money network"?
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:37:49
That is what I wrote.
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:05:04
Updates are posted by the bankruptcy trustee at  .The [latest document posted there]( has the status as of 2015-09-09.  The English translation starts halfway through the PDF file.










I can imagine how he regrets having accepted the job.  IIRC, just the three largest claims add to more than all the coins that there ever were at MtGOX.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:12:41
Claim that the bug is still active:
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:13:00
PS. However beware that not even the Trezor is 100% safe.  You must be on guard for hidden cameras that may steal the PIN, fake malicious Trezors that may be sold by third parties or swapped for your device, fake myTrezor sites instructing you to do usafe things...
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:28:01
They can always say "We know that you just sold  { your house | a hundred pounds of cocaine } for bitcoin.  You'd better move 2'000 BTC into this address right away, or { you will lose some valuable body part | your kids will be turned into dog food | we will mail these files to the IRS | the DA will ask for the full 30 year sentence }"
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:37:10
This item has been posted 3 times already to I could not watch the video, but the transcript I read is not bitcoin-friendly at all.  He sees digital currency taking over; not bitcoin, not even crypto-currency.  When he mentions bitcoin, it is only to say that it has unacceptable defects.  He is for strong Central Bank control of the economy.  And he includes credit cards in his idea of digital currency.
@_date: 2014-11-29 13:05:25
The Trezor is not 100% safe. There are several ways to steal bitcoins from Trezor users, especially if they are naive in security.  (It seems that someone already put out an alternative "Trexor" driver for it, which is defective if not malicious.)  We can expect hackers to direct their attention to it as people start keeping large bitcoin sums in it.
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:54:23
Will the management of the sidechains be constrained in some way?  Do they have to run (some variant of) the bitcoin protocol?  Could a sidechain be centrally managed (i.e.not even a Merkle chain, just a ledger/database)?
@_date: 2014-12-05 00:39:30
Talk is cheap, but those who actually enter the auction are placing their very real millions on the table.  
People with some financial sense don't bid for an item at an auction for more than they could pay for the same item elsewhere.  No one desperately needs 30'000 or 50'000 bitcoins for next week; and if one has a month or two, one can buy that much at market price on teh exchanges, or below it OTC. 
So, I think it is very likely that this auction **and** the previous auction got only below-market bids.  Besides, if Tim Draper had paid above market, he would have said so (even without a specific number), to bolster confidence and raise the price of his coins (that lost ~40% of their value since he bought them).  
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:43:54
Do we need to?
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:14:15
Hum, it seems he never did, in fact.  He just tossed that price, without justifying why it should be 1-10$ instead of 0$ (as his arguments would imply).
Anyway, here is [my own calculation]( of the price that would be sustained if there was no speculation, only demand for e-payments (3 $/BTC).  And here are [some further remarks]( on that calculation.
@_date: 2014-12-23 04:28:06
No, I mean trending towards 130 **plus** whatever remains of the mini-bubble increments (200+70).  We may be already close to that bottom.  But that if there are no new big events (like the opening of China in Nov/2013, the PBoC decrees in Dec/2013, that OKCoin "hedge fund" leak in Nov/2014, ...).  And *something* will almost certainly happen.
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:57:42
In the few hours that the buggy plugin was up for download, hundreds of users who were not doing anything "complicated" had their wallets compromised.  About 1000 BTC were exposed; most of them were snatched by "good hackers" and returned, so that BCI had to replace less than 50 BTC.  If the bug had been up for days, the loss would have been much bigger, possibly beyond their ability to pay.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:27:23
Is bitcoin growing?  There are many merhants who have decided to accept dollrs from BitPay and Coinbase.  There is much investment (much of it negotiated during or just after the last bubble), but not into bitcoin itself; rather, into ways of making profit out of bitcoiners.  There is increasing traffic in the blockchain, but most of it is just coins moving without changing hands.  But the price is sinking, and usage for e-commerce seems to be decreasing in dollar terms...
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:27:59
An [analysis by two Swiss researchers]( claims that the "transaction malleability bug" could not have stolen more than 400 BTC from MtGOX. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 11:29:03
I am quite skeptical about the long-term success of bitcoin because, among other things:
* The bitcoin network is still supported by inflation (nearly 10%/year); bitcoin it will not be deflationary for decades.  
* No one can predict its purchasing power or guarantee it won't decrease.  Even the greatest bitcoin experts don't have a clue about that. 
* People with money to spare are not buying those coins that are being offered for 330$ on the exchanges.  It means they don't see it going to 500$ next year, or 10'000$ in 10 years.
* Bitcoin can be duplicated at will, and the mining network can be quickly redirected to any similar altcoin if the rewards are better than bitcoin.
And much more...
On the other hand, I would not dare to guess what the price can do in the next few weeks or years.  It *may* even go up to 10'000$, who knows.  Or crash to near 0$.  Speculating or investing in it is actually gambling on a lottery with unknown odds and payoffs.  If people want to gamble their money, that is their problem -- as long as they don't ruin other people's lives by that, and do not go about claiming that it is a sound investment.
@_date: 2014-12-06 17:45:56


Which may be same thing actually...
@_date: 2014-12-23 14:12:45
See my response to the other comment.  If you want security you *must* be paranoid.  You must actively look for all possible ways that your protection can be broken: because that is where the criminals will try to attack.  
As for Satoshi, indeed you have a point there: why should people trust a system whose creator is so anonymous?  Why did he choose that particular elliptic curve? What will he do with his million coins?  Why did his appointed priest Gavin Andersen change his name?  How can we make sure that the next version of the core implementation will not have a subtle bug that givescontrol over all new addresses to Gavin (or to the hacker who broke into his laptop and pushed the change) ?
TL-DR: do you realize that, in practice, you must trust many *unknown* people to use bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-11-26 13:44:40


8-D  Like Mark Karpelès used to be?
@_date: 2014-12-24 04:05:23
Not a "conjuration word", just the passive subjuntive 3rd person form of the Latin verb "facere" ("to do", "to make", "to create"), meaning "let [something] be created" 
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:29:05
There are at least two points in that recipe when the author trusts binary code.  If that code is compromised, the author could end up with a weak key, and would have no way of detecting it (except perhaps by decompiling the binaries and inspecting them carefully).
@_date: 2014-12-24 20:13:41
I personally know two people who had their lives ruined, and much misery inflicted on their families, because of cocaine addiction.
The blame cannot be put on them, or on the anti-drug laws, or on society: it belongs to the drug dealers, who first push people into addiction, then push them to steal -- even from their family -- in order to support their addiction.
Ross and Charlie Shrem are part of that "industry". They are not victims, angels or geniuses.  They did not help develop bitcoin to free the world from government tiranny or whatever.  They are ruthless greedy bastards who figured that bitcoin would help them make piles money out of other people's misery.   They fully deserve to be in jail for a long time.
By the way, the only thing wrong in Charlie's sentence is that he will be out after only two years, probably much less.  The big injustice in that case is many people (mostly blacks, it seems) get much longer sentences merely for the (truly victimless) crime of smoking some weed.
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:08:53
OK, but did you recompile the source code, or did you just download a binary and trusted that it was compiled from that source you checked? ;-)
@_date: 2014-11-21 14:00:58
It is just like multisign bank accounts. The co-signers have to sign in order to send the coins to you, but then have no further control over them.
@_date: 2014-12-23 04:11:22
The price chart of Litecoin since Nov/2013 (on OKCoin) looks similar to that of Bitcoin until the end of May.  In particular, starting Feb/2014 both charts shows a shifted exponential decay, tending towards the pre-bubble price. 
Starting 2014-05-20, Bitcoin had a mini-bubble that lifted the price from ~450$ to ~650$; but, by the end of Jul/2014, the decaying trend resumed.  Another even smaller bubble around 2014-11-20 lifted the price from ~320$ to ~370$, but again the decay resumed soon afterwards.
Litecoin did not have these two mini-bubbles, so its price continued to decay by the same trend, unbroken since February.  It price now (~22 CNY) is already close to the level of Oct/2013 (~15 CNY)
My reading is that the dominant process was the same for both coins, namely the Chinese speculators have been gradually selling their holdings and leaving the market.  That would be the cause of the overal decaying trend.  In my view, that decay happened all year long for Bitcoin too, but was masked during the mini-bubbles.  In other words, the Bitcin chart is the Litecoin chart with those two mini-bubbles added.
The second mini-bubble (2014-11-20) may have been caused by the comment by an OKCoin staff member that "a 3 billion euro fund with start trading on our platform".  I still have no idea of what could have caused the 2014-05-20  mini-bubble.
If there is no new development, the BTC price should keep decreasing but slowly, tending to the Oct/2013 level (~130$) plus whatever effect remains of the two mini-bubbles (+200$ and +70$).  That may be perhaps 300$ or a bit lower.
However, new events are likely to occur, and they may have arbitrarily large effects on the price, positive or negative.
@_date: 2014-12-15 01:52:18
Sorry to spoil the fun... but that is a photoshop by bitcointalk.org's user [ over some old Chinese public health poster.
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:48:16
Proven wrong in what sense?  I claim that most of the bitcoiners who put pressure on various sites to accept bitcoin donations do it because they want bitcoin to spread, not because they want those sites to prosper.  
No, I have no proof of this claim, only judging by what those people post.  The 23 BTC donated to Wikipedia since march do not disprove it.   
@_date: 2014-11-13 14:35:45
OKCoin did not say that the fund was going to trade Bitcoin (or Litecoin, for that matter).
The way it was phrased makes more sense to me if it meant "*the fund's shares* will be traded using *our software* and/or *our servers*".  That would be great news for OKCoin and their VC investors, but would be irrelevant for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:46:33
Don't invest a brain that you cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2014-12-31 02:51:26
What do you mean by "original value"?
The *only* thing that could drive up the price of bitcoin is people *with money to spare* believing that its value is more than its current price.  Those people would then keep buying it, until its price rose to that value.
Said another way, the price is 311 $ right now because everyone who thinks that it is worth more than 311 $ has run out of money. 
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:13:26
That is a worthy desire, but it is not what net neutrality is about.  It has nothing to do with prices or bandwidth of the connection. It has to to do with the ISP being able to restrict the sites and services you can access and/or apply surcharges for specific sites/services.
@_date: 2014-12-29 12:52:59
By various analyses, most of the blockchain traffic is not payments, but transactions where the inputs and outputs belong to the same person or company. 
For example, the last USMS auction sold 50'000 BTC, but the transactions that the USMS issued to prepare the coins for the auction and distribute them to the winners added about 530'000 BTC to the estimated output volume.
BitPay claims to process about 1 million USD in payments per day.  Most merchants who "accept bitcoin", especially the largest ones, use them or some other payment processor.  Therefore 5 M$/day seems to be a generous guess on the amout of e-payments.
BitPay also sells the received coins after a couple of days at most, as soon as it collects another thousand BTC or so.  Therefore 7 days for the mean holding time it also a generous estimate.
Offchain transactions are mostly exchange of BTC for other currencies; those are not "use for e-payments".  None of those 530'000 BTC that the USMS auctions added to the traffic, for example, are e-payments.
The number of coins in circulation is less than 13 million because of hoarding, which is long-term speculation.  If we want to know how much the price would be if supported by usage alone, we must assume no speculation, therefore no hoarding.  I.e., all coins are in the hands of customers between buy and pay, and in the hand of merchants, between receive and sell.
But never mind, the logic seems to be "if the conclusion is not favorable to bitcoin, then the assumptions and reasoning are bullshit because bitcoin is divine."  If that is what you want to believe...
@_date: 2014-11-20 07:23:11
That doesn't quite do it... If you have a rich friend, you can ask him to sign the message on his bitcoin address.  How could the bank exclude that possibility?
Even if you do it on your computer in front of the bank's rep, who chooses the message on the spot, you could easily set up a real-time connection to our friend, so that he gets the message as you type it.
To eliminate this possibility, you would have to sign and broadcast the message transaction from a computer provided by the bank.  But that could allow malware in that computer to steal your private key. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:33:51
You can avoid loops by requiring that the destination address got its first coins deposited after the first (or last) deposit to the source address.
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:43:48
If you look at the plot over a slightly wider window -- say, 90 days -- you will see that the "spike" is just a small fluke and the interest has been basically flat at 80/day since april.  "Selection bias" is what the original poster did.
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:40:20
The trustee seems to be doing the right thing by hiring established companies to carry out the audit and technical investigation.  Those companies will hire bitcoin experts that they can trust, as they do when they have to audit any other case that involves specialized technical knowledge.
In the complaints about that issue, I read sour grapes by some "bitcoin experts" who would like to be hired for that job.  I would trust neither the competence nor the honesty of any such experts.  We do not know who may have been involved in the MtGOX coup.  Recall that, a year ago, Mark was still a prestigious member of that community.  If the receiver were to directly hire a "famous bitcoin expert", he might be asking the fox to investigate the case of the missing chicken.  
@_date: 2014-11-26 03:40:33
Wait, isn't this just  way to convert bitcoins to fiat, then use MoneyPolo to send the fiat to the destination?
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:09:43
By the way, some people remarked a few days ago that a lot of the traffic in the blockchain is strings of thousands of chained transactions, where each transaction takes an input of many BTC (say, ~50) from some address A, sends a small amount to a new address B, and sends the balance to yet another address C.  The next transaction repeats with C as input and two new addresses as outputs.  Well [this post]( that explains CoinJoin seems to suggest that large inputs shoud/will be split into many small ones this way.  
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:13:37
Why? Malware stealing keys is a big risk for bitcoin too.  We have seen cases in the media.  (And, unlike CC data theft, when malware steals a bitcoin key, the bitcoins are immediately lost, forever.)
@_date: 2014-11-20 20:47:31
To be fair, Huobi's official statement explained the action in rather different terms (accounting imbalance due to too many options closing at the same time during the recent spike, requiring a reduction of the user *profits*) and claims that such corrections are allowed in their TOS.
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:54:06
You keep assuming that "rational" means "only wants to mine more coins".   That is not correct.  A rational person is one who chooses his actions so as to most effectively achieve his goals, whatever they may be.
To launch a 51% attach on bitcoin, an external malicious entity would need to build a 300 PH/s mining facility from scratch.  No one has enough interest in killing bitcoin to spend that much money doing it.
To launch a 51% attack that cripples a sidechain with only 10 TH/s network, such an entity only needs 20 TH/s.  If someone offers 100 k$ to whoever would kill a certain sidechain, a rational miner should accept the deal, why not?
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:14:36
Two points:
(1) The new coins created by miners (3600 BTC/day) mean only 10% inflation of the total coin supply per year.  It is totally insufficieent to explain the ~60% price drop in 2014.  The drop is due to speculation, namely lowered expectations about future prices; which induces people to ask and bid at lower prices.
(2) On the other hand, the effect of those coins on the price is pretty much the same, no matter what the miners do with them.  If they are sold off-exchange, they are filling a demand that would otherwise have to be satisfied by buying somewhere else.  Even if that alternative source was off-exchange too, the same reasoning would apply.  Ultimately that unfilled demand would have been filled from the exchanges.  So, even if they are sold off-exchange, they are indirectly reducing demand on the exchanges.
That reduction of demand happens even if a miner Joe keeps 60% (say) of the coins that he mines.  For the analysis we can assume that Joe is two persons in one: Joe the Miner, who sells all 25 BTC on the market as soon as he mines them, and Joe the Investor, who immediately spends 60% of the proceeds to buys back 15 BTC, for the same price.      If Joe the Miner did not exist, Joe the Investor would have to actually buy those 15 BTC from the exchanges, to satisfy his desire to own bitcoins.  In other words: as in the previous case, mined coins that are retained by the miner are potential demand that is been ultimately removed from the market.
Consider: if you remove a bucket of water from a pond, the effect on the water level will be the same, whether you remove it near the level gauge, or far from it -- or even if you remove the water from the brook that feeds the pond, just before it gets there.
@_date: 2014-11-18 19:10:00
There is much confusion between *possession* of a thing (being physically able to use or dispose of it at will) and *property* of the thing (having the legal right to possess it).  (The word *ownership* is somewhat ambiguous, and should be avoided in this sort of discussion.)
If a thief steals you car, he will get possession of it, but the car will still be your property.
Knowledge of the key of an address gives possession, but does not establish property.  If two people know the key, both have possession, and either one can move the coins to another address.  
Property is a right; and the only meaningful definition of a right is "what the laws of the land say that the state will let you do, and will use its power to stop anyone who tries to prevents you from doing."  So you are the proprietor  of your car because the state lets you use it, and will send the police to find it and retrieve it if someone steals it from you.  (If the car is lost, the law may instead seize money or other asset from the thief to repair your loss.)
The US government recognizes that bitcoins can be property; so, If someone steals your bitcoins, in theory you could call the police to find the thief and take the bitcoins from him (or equivalent money). 
However, there are practial difficulties. To exercise your right -- that is, to call the cops in case of theft -- you must prove that you are the proprietor of the stolen thing, and that it was taken without your consent.
In the case of a car, there are many documents and government records that prove that the car was your property at some point; and the absence of such documents and records with a later date is accepted as proof that it did not become property of the thief -- that is, you did not sell of donate the car to him.
Even for cash, if you can show bank withdrawal slips for 100'000$, and if the thief cannot do the same for 80'000$ found in his possession, the judge may assume that he stole it from you. Or you may have witneses of him taking the cash from your car, etc.. 
On the other hand, you may not have any receipts or records in your name that prove that the bitcoins that were yesterday at address 1xyz... were your property; and the thief who copied your private key may have left no trace of his deed. You could not evenprove to the police that the address 1uvw..., where they are now, is not under your control.
So, in theory, stealing bitcoins is not different than stealing a car; but in practice it may be very difficult to enforce the property of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-12-26 22:02:40


Do you have a source for that?


In all exchanges, Chinese or not, volume is generally high whenever the price is changing fast, **up or down**; and is generally low when price is stable.  The reasons are obvious.
Beware that BTC-China lost their bank deposit channels after the 2013-12 decrees, tried for months to work with  some voucher-based system, and started accepting bank deposits again only 5-6 months ago.  OKCoin too lost their bank account around 2013-12-20 but recovered it by 2014-01-01.  Huobi continued accepting deposits on the CEO's personal account, and when they were forced to stop that they had already a corporate account again.
@_date: 2014-11-18 14:32:05
The question is not very meaningful. Acceptable to who? The guy who created the key will surely object, but the guy who took the bitcoins will probably come up with an excuse to appease his conscience (if he has one).
Suppose you lost 10 BTC to a scammer, and you manage to find the private key of his account; is it acceptable to take them back?
Suppose the scammer sold the bitcoins to a friend, is it acceptable to take them from the friend?
You and your spouse get divorced, assets are to be split in half, and you find the private key to a wallet that he/she owned but did not declare.  Is it acceptable to take half of those bitcoins?
When the FBI raided/hacked SilkRoad, they got the key of its main account, and transferred the coins to an address of their own.  Was that acceptable?  
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:28:56
I believe nonprofit foundations are required to do that by law in the US.  Perhaps for tax reasons, perhaps to prevent money laundering and other kinds of fraud, perhaps to reassure government and other donators that the foundation is not a front for something whatever.
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:50:04
The hash power being spent on bitcoin mining is now about 310'000 TH/s or 310'000'000 GH/s.  So if you have a 1 TH/s machine, you can expect to mine 1 block every 310'000 blocks, which is about once every 5.8 years.  If you succeed, you would get 25 BTC, which is ~7900 USD at the moment. You may be lucky and find one right away, or be unlucky and find nothing for as long as you mine. 
By joining a pool you would spread the expected reward over time.  For each full day of mining you would get 1/310'000 of all coins mined in that day, which is 3600/310'000 = 0.012 BTC/day, or 1'130'000/310'000 = 3.65 US$/day -- minus the pool's fees.
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:58:42
This item has been posted 4 times already to I could not watch the video, but the transcript I read is not bitcoin-friendly at all.  He sees digital currency taking over; not bitcoin, not even crypto-currency.  When he mentions bitcoin, it is only to say that it has unacceptable defects.  He is for strong Central Bank control of the economy.  And he includes credit cards in his idea of digital currency.
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:38:36
I don' t know how CoinJoin works, but if they take your 1Rassah address and someone else's address as inputs to the same transaction, that would explain it.
However, that would require signing that same transaction with your private key and with the other person' s private key.  Is that what happened?
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:10:29
Yeah, Jan 1 1970 is the "zero" of unix timestamps.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:01:33
Is that "Amir" the Amir Taaki of intersango, darkwallet etc.?  
From his Wikipedia entry: "Amir Taaki formerly lived in a anarchist squat in Barcelona, Spain.[29] He now resides in an anarchist squat in the retired G8 building in London, England. [30]"
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:01:37
Would you post your phone number, too, please?
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:38:10
You should send the coins to one or more reliable exchanges and sell them gradually, say over a month.  You should be safe, unless you got the coins by some illegal means.  In particular, the exchange will want your personal data ad will do the required KYC/AML checks, so the sale of the coins and withdrawal of the money should not be illegal.
Unless you have some better tax-reduction strategy, you will have to record the sale details and declare them to the IRS; consult your tax helper for the details.  You should expect possible auditing by the IRS or other agencies about the origin of those bitcoins, so it is best if you have receipts or other evidence that can show how and when you did acquire them.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:52:05
A device with more than a few dozen logical gates is not blackbox testable in any practical sense.  The computer inside the Trezor can be programmed to emulate the honest software long enough to make the owner confident.  Keys are secure only if they are generated at random, so that part is not deterministic.
Being paranoid is essential if you want security, in computing or any other field.  You must assume that criminals exist, that they want to get your money, that they are willing to invest proportionally to the expected payoff, and that they will aim precisely at the points where your protections are the weakest.
You should not expect the manufacturers to warn you about the risks of their products.  They will naturally ignore or dismiss any risks for which they have no solutions.  Which is what you are telling me to do...
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:50:24
Sorry, we seem to be miscommunicating...
The voter MUST NOT be allowed use his own hardware, since it could be used for coercion. In fact, it must not be allowed to take any electronic device into the voting booth.  (Ensuring that the voting machine itself has no covert output channels and is "wiped clean" after voting is another hard problem.)  The hardware and software that receives the unencrypted vote MUST be provided by the election organizers.  The system design must assume that the hardware and software can be compromised by the organizers, manufacturer, etc.  Does your system pass this requirement?
The current way to satisfy this requirement is to have a material record of the vote that cannot be altered by any malicious hardwre or software in the system AFTER the voter checked it visually.  If there is no such material record, it seems mathematically impossible to satisfy this requirement, since the malicious software is a man-in-the-middle inserted BEFORE vote encryption. 
I still do not understand the purpose of the final verification by the voter.  Suppose that a voter does not find his nonce in the list; what should he do?  Suppose that someone complains to the election board that he did not find his nonce in the list; what does the board do? 
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:16:00
Sure ... if you keep your money as a box of dollar bills buried in your backyard. 
There are some forms of investment that are even more  stupid than currencies, but they are not that easy to find.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:57:20
The questiion is not whether the names are trademarked or not, but whether they will confuse people.  One would expect "SatoshiLabs" and "VaultOfSatoshi" to be headed by Satoshi, the "Nakamoto Institute" to be founded by him...
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:44:16
Bitcoin would be worthless if it depended on that assumption.  Actually the basic protocol only assumes that at least 51% of the available hashpower is in the hands of miners who just want bitcoins.   Then, even if the other 49% have evil intentions, they cannot sabotage the blockchain.
But I don't see how this guarantee would extend to the sidechains.  Most likely there will be much less hashpower devoted to them, because they have no block rewards and   probably have less volume, hence less fees; most of the hashpower will be mining the mainchain. So they will be way below the security threshold, and highly vulnerable to the attack above.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:34:48
More precisely, the network is being financed (to the tune of ~1.2 million US$ per day) by those who are buying bitcoins now to increase their holdings.    The dollars and euros that those investors take out of their paychecks are the net input to the bitcoin network, which goes to pay the miners' bills and their dividends (if any).
People who bought their bitcoins years ago paid for the network's cost &amp; profits at that time.   The inflation of the bitcoin supply is affecting them only as 10%/year paper losses that are subtracted from their considerable paper gains; not actual US$ out of their pockets.
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:43:52
Wikipedia does not accept advertisements.  What you proposed is to buy an advertisement of bitcoin for 1000$.
@_date: 2014-12-26 12:46:01
Bitcoin must grow in value **IF** it will be used to transfer billions.  That is the same as: bitcoins will not be used to transfer billions **IF** they will not increase in value.  
Replace "bitcoin" by "vintage baseball cards" and you may perhaps see the little problem in that reasoning.  Or by "Litecoin".  
@_date: 2014-04-23 02:29:42
Er, sorry, what is the problem that the blockchain is supposed to solve?
Voting from home is not acceptable because the very real risk of coercion (in many forms).  If voting is done at special voting centers, voter-verified paper trail is a proven robust, simple, and safe solution, while digital-only voting is mathematically proven to be unsafe. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:00:58
It is not a fair game, you know...  The same ways they could prove that you got a load of cash, and then some more.
The guy who sold you the bitcoins may have declared the sale to the IRS.
Someone in the know may testify to the IRS (gets 10% of the tax you owed, IIRC).
They may notice that you ordered a pizza, delivered to your home, and paid with coins out of that address. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 05:10:15
Well, a large miner may afford to lose 5% of his revenue temporarily to destroy a sidechain.  How can one be sure that the miner won't have a strong enough motive to do so?
The only incentives that can be engineered are the TX fees of the sidechain.  Are the designers assuming that the only thing that miners will ever care about is to collect more bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-12-27 11:41:54
I couldn't watch the video, but the transcript I saw is not at all positive for bitcoin.  For one thing, he says "digital currencies" (not bitcoin, not even "crypto-currencies") and includes credit cards in that.  
EDIT: I doubt very much that he likes the idea of a currency that the Central Bank cannot control.  In other parts of the transcript he criticizes "flip-flops" in the control of inflation.
EDIT2: A one-word summary of his answer re bitcoin could be "No."
@_date: 2014-11-29 13:58:33


The driver can wait until the user tries to make a sizable transfer.


The thief can replace the trezor by a fake device (at the factory, in the mail, in a brick-and-mortar store) before the user first uses it. Then it can do anything.
The thief can substitute the user's trezor for a fake one that looks just like it.  User then tries to use the device and gets a message "error, please reload the firmware and re-enter your passphrase".  The fake device only pretends to reload the firmware, and then gets the user's password.
The thief can steal the SatoshiLabs credentials and use them to sign a malicious firmware, then serve it to the user through a malicious driver.  Or it may hack the SatoshiLabs server and put the signed malicious firmare update there.  Or the SatoshiLabs owners themselves may be crooks who are just waiting for people to put enough bitcoins in their Trezors before stealing them all.
The thief can convince the user to load an unsigned malicious firmware, ignore the warning on the trezor's screen, then re-enter his passphrase. (Users have been convinced to do far more idiotic things in other contexts.)
If the user enters the PIN at an unsecured location, the thief can obtain the PIN matrix from the device's screen with a hidden camera, keylog the PIN, and then physically steal the device.
These are some of the attacks I can think of right away.  I am sure that professional hackers can think of dozens of other ways.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:25:09
Thanks to the Original Poster for collecting that information.
However, note that "some of their settlement" may mean: the store decided to keep 0.1 BTC as bitcoin once, but has been taken only fiat since then.
Also, the merchants that actually keep some of their bitcoins  may be all small outfits whose owners were already into bitcoin.   It is highly unlikely that Dell or Microsoft keep any bitcoins. 
Those numbers, like most information available about the bitcoin economy, seem good at a fist sight, but when one looks hard at them they are seen to be pretty useless.
Why doesn't BitPay publish the exact and meaningful numbers -- how much they have processed per month since 2013, how much BTC the merchants choose to keep, what is the distribution of purchases by amount and merchant category, etc.  If those numbers were good, that would be good for bitcoin and therefore for their business too.  The fact that they hide those numbers is almost proof that they are disappointing.
If the processors do not release the real data, we can only try to get it ourselves.  Here is [a site that apparently shows most, if not all, of the blockchain traffic in the BitPay incoming addresses](  And here is [my summary of that data, day by day]( which I had posted earleir on this subreddit.  These data seem to agree with the few numbers that  BitPay has released, but they do not show any "increasing adoption" since Jan/2014, quite the opposite.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:34:36
Well, then the Ukranian currency has been doing fantastically well: it allows people to accumulate more of it, and has much larger adoption than bitcoin.  And as for Google trends, compare
[Ukranian Hryvnia](
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:56:15


The price of stocks like Amazon is not determined by their scarcity, but by the company assets and expectations of dividends.  So if Bezos decides to sell all his AMZN stock, the price will drop some, but those shares would be promptly bought by other investors -- because they care about expected dividends and assets.  Whereas the current value of bitcoin is almost entirely due to speculators' fantasies about what the speculators will think it is worth in the future.  The demand for e-payments is minuscule, and at present would not support the price above 10$/BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-27 10:22:25


In my understanding of the algorithm, sending or receiving coins from another address should not cause the addresses to be grouped.
I looked at the most recent 50 or so transactions that involve that address.  There were a few that had multiple inputs including that address itself.  The other input addresses in those transactions include these:
1FYJQixMFcqSADk4ex1wVMNcU3pfFnHZCS	
Are those addresses all part of your wallet?  
I checked only half a page, and there are still 12 pages to go.  Perhaps you can get a script that will automate that chack.
If one of those addresses is not part of your wallet, then your private key to the 1Rassah address got leaked somehow.  Perhaps some malware in your computer stole the key when you used it to sign a transaction or a PGP message. 
Or perhaps someone gave you an address of his, with the private key, that you added to your wallet? 
@_date: 2014-12-06 04:44:57
I did, but it seems that you did not understand my reply.  Trying again. 
Claim: Tim Draper does **not** think that bitcoins are worth more than 380$. 
Proof: If he thought that they were worth at least 390$ (say), he would keep buying them at the exchanges, until the price rose to 390$. But the price is not rising above 380$.  Therefore Tim Draper is not buying bitcoins at 380$. Therefore he does not think they are worth more than 380$.
Now consider the auction.  If he does not feel like buying 1000 bitcoins at 380$,  why would he want to buy 50'000 bitcoins at 390$?
The same applies to everyone who, like Tim Draper, has some money to invest. The fact that the market price is 380$ means that all those people think that bitcoin is not worth 390$.
@_date: 2014-11-25 07:22:15
And as I have tried to explain repeatedly, the assumption that the price will crash if a cartel tries to "manipulate" the system is not supported by a hard argument, it is basically wishful thinking: "without that assumption, the desired conclusion does not follow, therefore that assumption must be true".
The concentration of hashing power *is* a serious problem with no clear solution, and it won't go away simply by denying it.
(As for my position, I post satire of things that I find ridiculous to serious stuff in If that is being a "troll", then I am happy to be a troll.)
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:37:55
Knowing how bitcoin works does not tell you whether it will be banned, supplanted by something else, rejected by its association with crime, corrupted by a mining cartel, or many other things that could happen in the future and send its price down to pennies again.
@_date: 2014-12-31 14:13:23
Thanks for the replies.  You write:


Well, I don't see how blockstream *could* tell what sidechains cannot do, without including their protocols in the bitcoin protocol and having the bitcoin network enforce them.  Which would defeat the purpose (for example, how could a sidechain provide 10 sec confirmation time?) and contradict the premise of independent development.


OK, I used a misleading word there; please replace it by "sidechain mechanism".  In the case of an altcoin-like sidechain, that would be the set of all clients and miners who follow its protocol.  But in general it is whatever mechanism that keeps and manages the credentials that will enable the return and "unfreezing" of the bitcoins that were frozen by previous imports.
A sidechain *could* be something like a typical cryptocoin (with a Merkle chain public ledger, a distributed decentralized network, PoW or PoS mining, etc.), with  with its tokens pegged to the bitcoins that were transferred to it, in a fixed ratio.  Some people seem to assume that all sidechains will be like that.  But there is no way to enforce that assumption; and there *cannot* be, if sidechains are to be, independently created, run by independent people and entities, and free to innovate.
If someone creates a centrally managed system that takes BTC from the blockchain and eventually returns them, who will be there to say "no, that is not a sidechain"?
I claim that any typical BTC exchange, say Bitstamp, already qualifies as a sidechain, and cannot be disqualified.  When bitcoiners move BTC to Bitstamp, they are effectively "frozen" by the bitcoin protocol and assigned by it to the "Bitstamp sidechain".  The bitcoin protocol does not know, and does not care, that the "Bitstamp sidechain" is centrall managed, and deals with dollars as well as bitcoins.  When another bitcoiner withdraws BTC from bitstamp, the bitcoin protocol gets a request from the "Bitstamp sidechain" to "unfreeze" some of the frozen coins, verifies the signature provided in the "sidechain", considers those coins removed from the "sidechain", and gives them to the address specified by the "sidechain".  Why would Bitstamp be disqualified as a "sidechain", and which authority would officially declare that it isn't? 


It cannot not create coins *in the bitcoin chain*, for sure.  But it must be (and will be) able to create its own assets (coins, points, whatever), manage them by its own rules, and map them to the imported bitcoins in any way it chooses.  


I am not criticizing bitcoin or any other crypto.  Just pointing out that *the sidechains proposal*, as described so far, makes no substantive contribution to cryptocurrency technology.  It only proposes to use the word 'sidechain' for any independent project or organization that may 'own' bitcoins.   
@_date: 2014-11-18 05:12:09
There are other posts about this same topic, 
@_date: 2014-11-30 20:08:09
You should negotiate that with your landlord.
Perhaps he will agree to open a BitPay or Coinbase account. Then you send the coins to these processors, they will send him the usual rent amount, in dollars, deposited in his bank.
But why can't you just sell the coins and send him the money?
@_date: 2014-11-25 23:52:34
It is curious that the main characters in the sagas of BFL, AMT, and GAW are all called "Josh".
@_date: 2014-12-23 03:30:36
You have seen this perhaps?
[Thousands of chained transations account for 25% of the blockchain volume](
Those chained transactions are not enough to sabotage the system, but may be enough to render the blockchain volume useless as a measure of usage.  Each step in those chains adds the entire balance to the traffic volume, even though only a small amount is paid off (perhaps to self).
I don't think those chains are attempts to sabotage the system.  It could be incompetent programming (a 1-to-N transaction woult require less total fees than an N-step chain, correct?)  or some application with many small payments that cannot be delayed even by a few minutes.  
Or perhaps someone is padding the traffic on purpose, to simulate increasing adoption...
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:20:32
I counted 13 blocks from 03:00 to 07:00, is that right?  1 block every 18 minutes?
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:55:20
But you use a program to convert the dice throws to a binary string, and another program to generate the key pair from that binary string.  Either program could sabotage your procedure.
    if (is_long_string_of_1_to_6(x))  { x = substr(x,1,6); }
@_date: 2014-12-31 08:07:04
Why isn't it?
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:48:47
You must also ensure that no one can discover how someone else voted, and that the voter cannot prove to someone else that he voted in a certain way.  You must ensure that no one is voting for someone else.  You should not require votes to buy special equipment, and you cannot trust any equipment that they own. And above all, you must be able to convince the losing party that there was no clever fraud.
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:30:55
There are obvious practical problems in requiring every voter to get some special hardware beforehand.  May work for a few hundred voters (e.g in a club), not for unrestricted electorate.
Also, while the probabilities may be reduced, coercion and fraud are still possible by providing the voter with a malicious card.
Totals should be computed for sections of a few thousand voters at most.  (Brazil does it for each voting machine separately, 300-400 voters each.) Although there is some risk of revealing (non-)votes, if there are zero votes for some candidate, counting votes in each section can be done entirely locally, off the internet, so the risk of global fraud (and public suspicion of it) is lessened.  The global totalization then does not need crypto.  Also everybody wants to know how each borough and village voted. 
By the way, fraud is harmful only if the fraud is actually possible and then really occurs; but violation of vote secrecy is harmful even if it is only suspected but does not occur.  Voters may be afraid to vote freely if they are told that the mafia/government/emploer have doctored the system to record how everybody voted -- even if it is not true and they only half-believe it.
That is one reason to avoid complicated schemes than only scientists understand: the voting system must not only be secure, but most voters (espcially the losers) must believe that it is secure.  Everybody can understand how a paper-only ballot works, and see that it is secure. VVPT systems are also "obviously secure" against fraud, but the logistics must be right to make it "obviously secure" against vote leaking too.
By the way, if you go ahead with this idea, I hope that, before using it in a real election, you test the system thoroughly, with mock elections of reasonable size (and re-test after any bug fix or improvement).  Voting systems are like medical drugs: the thing itself may be cheap and quick to make, but certifying it is very expensive and takes a long time.
I can tell you a couple of horror stories of voting systems deployed without adequate testing, including an internal election by the main opposition party in Brazil (PSDB) to choose the candidate for mayor of São Paulo.  The system was supposed to use tablets as terminals, in half a dzen locations in the city.  Suffices to say that the state Governor himself could not vote because the system crashed.
@_date: 2014-12-27 12:00:29
How can you read "yes for bitcoin" in the MoE statement?  He is not asking that the bill be rejected.  He wants "more precision" so that the ban will not include merchant points and the like.  He is OK with banning other things.  Guess where bitcoin will be.
Besides, the bill was requested by Putin, so it probably was motivated by security concerns more than economic ones.  If so, then bitcoin is a prime target.
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:17:58
Well, except for those hundreds of BCI customers whose private keys were easily guessed by thieves.  But, OK, that does not count, because the same thing had happened earlier to clients of some other company...
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:14:26


Well, unlike other other forums I was used to, reddit makes it very easy to reply to absolutely every response one gets... 8-D
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:48:41


I understand that argument, but it implies that no contraints should be placed on the sidechains (even if they could be).
In particular, the sidechains cannot be required to use mining protocols that are compatible with bitcoin mining.  In fact, they had better **not** do that, because otherwise a large bitcoin miner could squash a budding sidechain with only a small fraction of his hashpower. So, the computational resources of the sidechains would  most surely not contribute to the security of the bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:12:55
That is not trolling; it is my sincere opinion on those campaigns "you must allow bitcoin donations".
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:57:39
To the bartender, "accept bitcoins" means "accept payment through BitPagos".  Perhaps he should have removed the sign when Bitpagos became unusable, but he may not have been aware of it.  That happens with credit card terminals too, but he would not worry about such outages (and take down the "Visa accepted" sign) because he can still charge the card by hand.  He didn't have that option with bitcoin.  Now he has learned.
Who knows what really happened.  Anyway, the bartender obviously was not a "believer"; so he will probably take down the sign for good after the experience...
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:19:39


Saying "Satoshi and the developers" makes it sound like they are a team.  When did Satoshi "retire" from the bitcoin scene, and when did Gavin came in?  Since Satoshi left, the developers have spoken for themselves.
"Will it work" in the case of bitcoin did not mean just "will the software run".   There were no uncertainties or challenges in writing the software, and getting it to run was the trivial part.  "Will it work" meant, "will that combination of PoW etc. motivate the miners to keep mining, and will it remain usable for payments in spite of attacks".  That could only be tested by asking a number of anonymous and uncoordinated volunteers to try it, by mining and paying pizzas and perhaps trying to sabotage it.
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:51:59
Those two guys were very young when they were hooked.  Do you deny that the drug traffic "industry" actively pushes people into addiction?  
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:48:35
Did he/she actually mention bitcoin?  Did not see that in the Google Translate output.
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:41:15
No, bitcoin is not "neutral like cash".  Many bitcoiners love bitcoin only because they believe that it is a much, much better way to pay for illegal things (including child pornography), evade taxes, launder money, etc. than cash or any other method.  And they openly say so.  Wikipedia must record that fact.
@_date: 2014-12-01 16:06:32
Are you really sure that Bitpay and Coinbase no longer include a fee when they compute the bitcoin equivalent of the dollar price? Was that  announced somewhere?  What source do they use for the price? 
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:39:27
Please folks, I insist: the problem that you are trying to solve is not a problem, and the solution is a complicated way to turn it into a problem.  
Voting systems have been studied for decades, by people who understand all about computers, information security, and public-key cryptography (in fact, including some who invented it).  There is a list of properties that any such system, electronic or not, must have.  There are well-understood constraints (such as "no voting from home").  And there is a very important point, that *the system must be understandable and trusted by the vast majority of the voters*.  It is not enough that N+1 experts declare that the system is sound.  Before inventing a complicated solution, please take the time to review that prior knowledge and check whether all the requirements are satisfied.
Voting in most countries takes half an hour from each person, once every year at most.  That is less time than people will waste each day on improductive things.  Why are people so obsessed with shaving a few minutes from such a rare but very important activity?
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:04:50
It has been flat for the last year, when the "bitcoin economy" and "bitcoin acceptance" supposedly boomed.
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:06:44
That is not criticism, it is advice.  The choice of colors for chart/key matching is  constrained in highly non-obvious ways.  You should keep that in mind for your future charts. 
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:04:51
A hardware wallet without a screen provides no security at all.  If the computer may be compromised (which is the reason why one may want to use a hardware wallet in the first place) then the computer could get the device to sign a transaction that sends all your BTC to a thief's address, while showing you a different amount and address.
It maybe worse than nothing, because owners may get a false sense of security and put all their coins in the device.
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:46:50
OK, add the premise "if the volume of e-payments via blockchain does not increase and the network does not shrink and the BTC price does not increase."
Correct me if I am wrong, but right now the traffic is not limited by block size or any other technical limit.  There are only 1.15 transactions per second being issued by the users.  If my estimates are correct, actual e-payments are still 1 every 10 seconds, or less.
So we have two independent unknowns (volume of e-payments and BTC price; the network size will be determined by them).  How those variables will evolve in the future is quite unpredictable.  You seem to be optimistic, I am rather skeptical, and I don't see how each of us could convince the other...
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:08:39
This graph however is not particularly "sweet" yet:
Without 7-day averaging, it looks like this:
That spike near the end is Black Friday, presumably.
However, one must be aware that many transactions just move coins between addresses that belong to the same owner, so they do not represent actual payments.
Also, there was a spike in bitcoin-days destroyed, apparently on Black Friday:
That spike may be a massive transfer of between 100 kBTC and 1 M BTC, aged between 1 month and 1 year.  It would be interesting to locate those transactions in the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:15:53
But someone claimed that PayCoin uses scrypt, so it cannot use the same equipment that mines bitcoins.  Or does it?
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:47:46
The issue is not whether Bitcoin is good or bad, it is whether Bitcoin is becoming "de facto" centralized because people have to use companies like payment processors, wallet services, exchanges, etc.  As far as I can see, this is already happening, and the tendency is increasing. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:26:45
Here is [the transcript]( of the bitcoin-relevant part that someone posted in another thread of this subreddit.   Someone says that it starts around 00:23:00 of the video.
@_date: 2014-11-17 12:04:11
If "Satoshi" is an NSA employee, those coins are not his, they are government property.  That would explain why they haven't moved yet.
@_date: 2014-12-29 13:05:10
Sorry to disappoint, but very few of the people who use and invest in bitcoin care about Austrian monetary theories, just as very few of the people who use dollars care about the libertarian claims that it is worthless "fiat" and ZeroHedge's predictions of its imminent collapse.  Especially since those theories seem to be failing spectacularly for this "superior form of money".  And you want me to stop looking hard at reality, and instead take my "facts" and arguments from bitcoin fanfic literature?
@_date: 2014-12-01 04:52:26
Lots of wishful reading in that article.  It is not know yet whether the remaining bitcoins will be distributed as bitcoins. Nobuaki promised to look into that, but there are legal and practical reasons why the payout may have to be in yen only.  In that case, Kraken will not be involved in the distribution.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:19:12
I insist, you cannot encrypt everything if you don't have laws  forcing the ISPs to treat encrypted packets like any other packets -- in other words, to behave like a utility provider, that delivers water or electricity to your home without discriminating according to the use you make of it.  If you don't have such laws, the ISPs will block/throttle/overcharge any encrypted packets.
You won't have a choice, because in your area there will be only two or three big telecomm companies that can drop a cable to your home,  and for *all* of them it is more profitable to discriminate packets by service than to treat all packets equally.
That discourse "net neutrality is against free market" is the telcos's discourse.  Just look at who is against net neutrality:  have they always been on the side of consumers, or of big corporations?
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:25:44
More precisely, the Bitcoin network now costs ~3600 BTC per day, and will continue to cost that much until the reward is halved in 2016.  
That cost is paid by an "inflation tax" that indirectly hits all bitcoin holders.  Currently it means that the people who buy or trade bitcoins must put 1.3 million dollars into the system just to maintain the network.  It is hard to separate that loss from price changes due to other causes, but it surely contributes to the devaluation that bitcoin has suffered in 2014.
Part of that 1.3 million US$/day goes into paying the actual costs of mining (equipment, rent, electricity, salaries, etc.), and part goes into the miners' pockets as profits.  It is unclear how profitable mining is at present. However, since it is a free market, if the price remains minimally stable for a year or so, the industry should adjust so that the profits are 10-20% of the revenue, not much more.  Therefore, a rough guess for the actual cost of the network (minus miners' profits) today is about 1 million US$/day.  With the present traffic, that is about 20$ per transaction, or 2% of the total transaction amount (excluding obvious change-backs).  
It is hard to guess what the cost per transaction (or, more importantly, per BTC transferred) will be when the inflation tax is replaced by transition fees as the main revenue source for the miner's network.  It depends on an unpredictable variable, which is the total daily transaction volume in USD at the time.  
The fees then can be expected to be around 2% of the transaction amount, to maximize the miners revenue while keeping the system competitive with other forms of payment.  However,  at least 90% of the current traffic seems to be "bogus" transactions where the coins do not change owner.  Once fees become significant, most of that bogus traffic will probably vanish.
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:20:36
The point is that a merchant who "accepts bitcoin" through BitPagos need not  have the faintest idea of how bitcoins work (that is the very reason why BitPagos exists), and he is under no obligation to understand or accept them. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:17:20
In the remote hypothesis that you are looking for a serious answer: because there were tens of thousands of Chinese amateur speculators who discovered bitcoin by that time, and thought that it was a much better item for speculation than fermented tea bricks, garlic, or whatever other commodities they were used to speculate with.  (Unfortunately, they seem to have been losing interest, with some highs and lows, since last December.)
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:20:57
If Tim Draper (or anyone else with money) thought that bitcoins were worth more than 370$, he would keep buying them at the exchanges, or anywhere else he could find them, until the price rose to the value he has for them.  Said another way, anyone with money to spare thinks that bitcoins are worth 370$ or less.
So why would they buy for 380$ something that they don't buy for 370$?
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:51:15
I don't think they need to ask that.  That money was seized with the consent of Japanese authorities, presumably because it was connected to illegal activities. So, that money is gone, and the accounts that motivated the seizure will surely be excluded from the distribution.
Anyway the trustee's primary job is to collect the assets that are left and distribute them to the creditors.  He will call the police to investigate the unexplained disappearance of assets (as he did already, but it is not clear for what assets) and other evidence of crimes (theft, embezzlement, management fraud etc.) that he may run into.
I suppose that clients could also ask the Japanese authorities for a criminal investigation of the case, independently of the bankruptcy process.
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:16:40
Yes, the merchants *could* choose to really accept bitcoin, but at present most of them don't.
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:43:22
The [hashrate]( is falling fast. Look at the grey 504 line (deduced from the last 504 blocks?).  I see a drop of at least 10% since Dec/01, falling fast during the last few days.  The actual rate, without the 500-block averaging, may be a lot lower.
The lower BTC price must be forcing many miners to turn their equipment off at once.  Since the difficulty adjusts every so often, the time between blocks grows for a while.
@_date: 2014-12-08 21:55:29
ASIC-based mining boxes are much more efficient than supercomputers at mining bitcoins.  So much more that supercomputers are not worth thinking about, even if they are used for free.
The risk of centralization is independent of the cost of electricity.  Basically, large mining farms have some economies of scale that make them more profitable than smaller farms or independent miners.  With larger profits, they can upgrade their hardware faster than competitors, increasing the difference.  Since the amount of bitcoins that are paid daily to all miners is fixed, when one farm gets more bitcoins, the others get less.  Eventually the smaller and less profitable miners are forced to turn off their machines, so the larger ones get even more profitable. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:06:43
Was it brainwallet or blockchain.info? Or both? Or are they both teh same thing?
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:48:17
Why?  Do you understand what the opposite of "net neutrality" means?
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:42:02
Is it possible for the entity that created the sidechain to place constraints on the transfer of coins to/from the main blockchain?  E.g. if  the sidechain "belongs" to an exchange, then the exchange will require registration and AML/KYC when the client wants to deposit bitcoins, and charge a fee when he withdraws them to the main chain?
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:03:58
Careful, did you know that the Trezor scrambles your PIN with a matrix?
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:07:21
Ah yes, those state-subsidized cheap import from Gaul...
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:42:37
[Eyal and Sirer, How a Mining Monopoly can Attack Bitcoin](
Here is [a detailed scenario]( based on my understanding of that article 
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:41:00
Well, that is still *your opinion* about the rights you should have, and they are self-evident *to you*, not necessarily to other people...
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:57:59
Curious... is  Judge Richard Vorhees any relation to bitcoiner Erik Vorhees?
@_date: 2014-12-30 05:11:44
What is the best place to start learning about the sidechains proposal(s) in their current state?
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:16:47
Can anyone point me to an exchange where I can still buy bitcoins in 2009? 
@_date: 2014-12-02 13:37:17
The image problem is nowere the same.
3D printers have many productive uses in industry, medicine, science etc, for which they are irreplaceable; but make very lousy guns.  While some stupid guys got media attention by claiming that 3D printers would bring "gun freedom", no one who knows a bit about manufacturing will view them as "the machine tools of crime". 
Bitcoins, on the other hand, have rather limited legitimate uses.  They may be somewhat better than traditional payment methdos in some aspects -- but are **much** better for all sorts of crimes, such as ransomware, illegal trade, money laundering, tax evasion, theft, embezzlement and fraud.  
So far the FBI is not worried about bitcoin (they said so explicitly at the NY hearings), in fact they probably love it, as it actually makes their job easier (see Silk Road).  However, if it continues to be instrumental for more serious crimes like ransomware or child porn, even the US government may change its mind.
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:36:48
You mean, bandits like the ones who stole half a billion dollars from MtGox clients, who created the bitcoin-based ransomware, who collected coins for Neo&amp;Bee and SheepMarketplace and then vanished, who created the dozens of exchanges and funds that were "hacked" and lost all cleitnt funds, and those mining equipment manufacturers who collected pre-orders but mined on client machines instead of shipping them, and those Blockchain.Info clients who stole other people coins thanks to the random generator bug, and those guys who set up vanity address generation sites and kept copies of client keys, or that guy who tried to hire killers with bitcoin, or that other guy
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:00:18
Duplicated thread.
@_date: 2014-12-01 04:57:15
Does the bar really "accept bitcoin", or does it only take pesos through a BitPay-like payment processor? 
@_date: 2014-12-28 11:12:43
Do you know of any exchange where I can still buy BTC in 2012 and sell it on 28/Nov/2013?  All the places I checked only let me buy on 28/Dec/2014 or later, which seems kind of risky.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:04:26
Why would it crash the price?  The Chinese day traders, who still set the price, will not care.  If the change that the cartel wants is (for example) to keep the block reward at 25 BTC for another five years, even long-term holders may be convinced that it is necessary, to keep the network working.  That may even lift the price, as people become more optimistic about the future of the network.  
And even if the price drops 30%, that may be better for the cartel than a 50% drop in the block reward.  People who buy bitcoin only for internet payments will not care.
And even if the price drops 100%, that may be exactly what the cartel (or the governments leaning on it) wanted to achieve.
@_date: 2014-11-22 10:11:38
You can use the same technique that you would use to spread some Amway love in a fun and entertaining way.  
@_date: 2014-12-21 13:09:37
If you put it that way, credit cards never failed either.  The merchant is supposed to charge your account whenever someone uses you CC number and data.  By that logic, if the data was stolen it does not mean that the credit card failed...
@_date: 2014-12-28 10:43:41
Besides the per-transaction fees, the credit card companies get revenue from yearly fees and from interest on negative balances.   I suppose that the rewards and other perks are supported by those extra revenues.
BitPay and Coinbase do not have those extra sources.  They may make some extra money by waiting for the price to go up before selling the bitcoins. (I.e. they get 1 BTC plus fees from the client as payment of a 330$ item, when the price is 330$; give 330$ to the merchant; and sell that BTC later, when the price is 340$.)  However, they must be still operatiing in the red, and may be forced to sell at a loss, after the price dropped.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:27:42
The lack of further public communication after such an announcement is a bad sign.  Ditto if the company fails to respond to enquiries.  
Bitcoin media should call them up and insist on having more details.
It it was just a DDoS, they would not be able to predict its end.
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:30:23
But how can the analyzer know that the single address belongs to the same owner?
Affluent Alice may have 1000 bitcoins in one address, and sends small amounts off that address to many people through LocalBitcoins (or direct store purchases) including to Benevolent Bill and Criminal Charlie.  How can the analysis distinguish that situation from Criminal Charlie splitting his 1000 BTC into many addresses?  Will Benevolent Bill have his purchase delayed because of a double-spending attempt by Criminal Charlie?
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:25:19
You mean [This chart](  I see that the 4 largest pools/companies already have 55% of the hashpower.   Are some of the "unknown" miners actually part of GHash or Discus?  Are the owners of all those pools/companies distinct?  What do the owners think of, say, keeping the reward at 25 BTC "only for a few more years" after 2017?  Would Gavin and other key developers agree to work for them?
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:13:38
The point is that bitcoin lets the government of North Sarmatia pay off the insurgents who live in a remote vilage in the desert jungles of Bloodistan, without sending a courier with cash or going through the Bloodistani bank system (that is closely watched the Bloodistani government). 
@_date: 2014-12-31 17:59:46
I don't see why it would mean 'US is partially accepting and sanctioning of bitcoin as a currency'.  The Winkles themselves point out in the filing that various agencies have chosen to view it as a 'commodity' or 'intangible property'.  
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:23:57
Meanwhile you could have a look at [**these numbers**](
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:21:13
They got ~0.35 BTC in fees for that block.  A fairly good dinner.
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:41:38
There is social engineering, and also the risk of buying Trezor from eBay or some source other than direct from SatoshiLabs, and ... 
My point is that Trezor users must be aware that a Trezor will not remove all risks.  They still must be paranoid -- understand what it does and what it cannot do, be aware of the attacks that it cannot prevent, strictly follow the necessary precautions, and be very suspicious of any unusual behavior.
Some people may buy a Trezor just to show off or other reasons, but most will buy it to protect their bitcoins.  A guy who owns 0.1 BTC will not spend 0.7 BTC to protect it, so the average Trezor is likely to have quite a bit of money in it.  Indeed, someone who has 100 or 1000 BTC will quite probably keep them in a Trezor or two.
Suppose there are 10'000 Trezors out there (it must be close to that already, I guess), and the average Trezor has 50 BTC in it.  If a "dragnet" attack can steal the keys from 1% of those Trezors, the thief will expect to collect 5000 BTC (about 1.5 million dollars).  That gives an idea of how much money and work a thief may be willing to invest into such an attack.  For instance, how much would it cost to make 100 copies of a fake malicious Trezor?  How much would it cost to bribe the Trezor employee who wraps the units for shipment?  
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:20:39
The article even mentions Purse.io, but does not mention the risk that the bitcoin buyer will pay for the purchases with stolen credit cards or other dirty money (as one purse.io accused them of doing recently).
Or the risk that the bitcoin address provided by the bitcoin buyer turns out to be the receiving address for a market selling drugs, child porn, etc. (see [this post]( and [this post]( for an alleged case of this scam).
I find it unbelievable that bitcoiners will continue to trust their money and physical safety to companies  without even thinking of asking the full names **and addresses** of the owners, and investigating their previous doings.  It is MtGox and Neo &amp; Bee and BFL and what not, all over again... 
@_date: 2014-12-23 15:01:06
Do you expect every Trezor owner to carefully inspect the source (including all the libraries), and then recompile it in the proper build environment before upgrading the firmware in their Trezor?  
I guess that you were involved in the contruction of the deterministic build environment; if so, it is understandable that you think that the problem is solved.  Sorry, it isn't.
Please stop telling people that the Trezor is safe and that they don't have to worry about malicious firmware.  That will only make it easier for hackers to dupe users who are not computer-savy. ("Your Trezor seems to be running a corrupted version of the firmware.  Please download a new version from this URL.  Ignore the warning 'unsigned firmware' on the device's screen, that is just the malware trying to prevent its removal.  As a safety precaution, you will then be asked to enter again your seed words...")
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:05:09
You should be more concerned about whether the javascript that you downloaded from BCI to generate your private keys has a bug or malicious code that will let your coins be stolen.
@_date: 2014-12-29 04:13:13
There is [a thread in bitcontalk.org]( that covers SMBIT.  Someone claimed there, a couple of weeks ago, that Barry planned to list SMBIT shares on an exchange-like place called OTCQX.  But I do not know how the poster got that information.
@_date: 2014-12-31 16:23:24
... or an ETF that is entirely backed by a digital asset that, apart from having a *very* reliable and very trusted (but very expensive) 'accountant', is not backed by anything, and produces no wealth by itself.
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:24:32
The average cost of one bitcoin transaction is 18 dollars.  However,  currently that cost is being paid through an "inflation tax" (issuing of new bitcoins) to the tune of 10% per year, that is implicitly being paid by all bitcoin holders. That is why transactions seem to be "free", or nearly so.
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:27:49
But suppose that a large bitcoin miner decides to stamp out some side chain, can't he divert some of his hashpower to gain 51% power in the side chain, and then simply block all (or selected) transactions in it?
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:48:29
Look up Ponzi, Madoff, Mavrodi (a Bitcoin Foundation Silver Member, BTW), ...
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:12:08
So you are saying that there is a privileged set of people -- the core devs -- who have the power to impose a radically new protocol on the bitcoin network? Isn't that precisely what bitcoin is supposed to **not** have?
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:17:39
You don' t choose the miners, they choose you (more precisely, which transactions they will include in the candidate for next block).
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:18:34
Just to remain in computing:
+ Almost every algorithm until very recently
+ Stallman and Emacs, GCC, ...
+ Xerox and the Ethernet
+ Don Knuth and TeX; Leslie Lamport and LaTeX
+ Tim Berners-Lee and the WWW
+ Linus Torvalds and the Linux kernel
+ Countless people and all the free open GNU/Linux software
@_date: 2014-12-31 05:07:50
Yes and no... If they still have money, why wouldn't they want to buy for 310 $ something that they believe is worth 500 $?
People who bought for 400 $, still have money left, and are not buying at 311 $, must have changed their mind, and no longer think that 1 BTC is worth 400$.
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:12:32
Current newspaper paywalls show you the start of the article before yo pay, so you cand check whether that is really the article you want to read.  You are proposing a scheme where you click, are charged, and you get to see whether that is what you wanted to see?
@_date: 2014-08-14 01:34:50
One minor correction (apart from the big ones): national currencies survive because they have **governments** that care for them, not **armies**.  For example, for several decades after after WWII, japan and Germany were forbidden to hold real armies, but nevertheless their currencies fared very well.
@_date: 2014-11-25 06:49:04
The fundamental principle of the bitcoin protocol is that clients always assume the longest consistent chain that they see is the true one.  How exactly could the devs change the protocol without the cooperation of the majority of the miners? A majority of the miners can stall the "orthodox" fork of the blockchain and include all transactions in the new fork, so that clients either upgrade by the announced deadline or will not be able to move their coins.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:52:18
By hostile entity I mean one that does not mine and just wants to destroy bitcoin immediately.  The dominant miners can be tempted to do things that increase their revenue now but destroy bitcoin in the long run.
Currently miners cannot continue mining bitcoin for more than a year, they have to replace all their equipment in order to do so.  They are not required to hold bitcoin.  They may decide to cash a million now and let bitcoin die next year, than hold and perhaps cash half a million later.
A minority miner cannot prevent other miners from including a certain transaction.  However, a cartel with more than 51% of the network can extend the chain faster than the all the other miners put together, and the clients are programmed to always trust the longer chain; so they will have control of which transactions get processed at all.  Ultimately they can force all clients to upgrade their software,  e.g. to a version that allows larger block rewards.
@_date: 2014-08-14 01:26:05
“I contend we are both crypto-skeptics, I just believe in one fewer cryptocoin than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible cryptocoins, you will understand why I dismiss yours” 8-)
@_date: 2014-11-27 13:43:12
Yup, and your most popular way to safely manage your bitcoins is not safe at all.
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:45:41
Well, there was a thesis by Rebecca Mercury 
However the thesis and the IEEE Spectrum article based on it seem to have vanished from Google, at least here in Brazil.
As for that link, i cannot evaluate it since they do not say what are the goals they want their system to achieve. Apparently their concern is  only totalization fraud, which is basically a non-problem.  The real problem is guarding against insider fraud in vote capture AND ensuring that voters cannot prove that they voted in this or that way.
@_date: 2014-11-20 08:16:45
Yes, the transition is far enough in the future that it can be said to be our grandchilden's problem and hence ignored. 8-)
However, the block rewards get halved every few years; depending on the price of bitcoin, the revenue may have to be shifted to fees within a decade.  Will the traffic be sufficient to keep the fees low enough?  The network may have to shrink considerably.
By the way, the current number of transactions per block is not limited by the protocol, rather by the users' demand.  The change you mention is meant to accommodate the much larger traffic expected in the future.
Today, many transactions just move coins between addresses that belong to the same person (e.g. for tumbling, or hotwallet/coldwallet management).  Such housekeeping transactions will disappear when the fees become mandatory and more substantial.  That will tend to increase the cost per tranaction. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 05:11:07
Re  In spite of those increases, the total transaction volume in USD fell from ~80 million USD/day in January 2014 to a low of 32 M USD/day in May, and only in the last few days has returned to the January levels:
The spike in the last few days must be connected to the surge in speculative trading at the exchanges and the ephemeral price increase by 100$. 
It is unlikely that there was a surge in purchases of goods and services during those days.  Indeed, actual payments must be only a tiny fraction of those 60--80 million USD/day.  Most of it must be bitcoins moving between addresses owned by the same entity, such as tumbling, hotwallet-coldwallet flow, deposits and withdrawals at exchanges, etc..
Thus the blockchain traffic provides no evidence of increasing adoption.
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:15:19
What is the logic that bankruptcy executors/judges use when reimbursing creditors for investments that have changed in price, actually or in the creditor's imagination?
Suppose a company takes 1000$ from investor X, tells X that his investment has grown to 2000$, then goes bankrupt.  What is X entitled to get back, 1000$ or 2000$?
Suppose Y lends his car worth 20,000$ to a taxi company, after a few years the car is destroyed in a fire, the company goes bankrupt, and by that time the car would be worth only 10,000$ if it had not been destroyed.  What is Y entitled to get back, 10,000$ or 20,000$?
@_date: 2014-12-28 10:58:11
Sometime between 2013-12-15 and 2013-12-20, the Chinese exchanges, including BTC-China, Huobi and OKCoin, lost their bank accounts.  Huobi went on using the CEO's personal account for a while, but then got a corporate account.  OKCoin regained their corporate account by 2014-01-01.  BTC-China regained their corporate account only in ~2014-09 I think.  Anyway, AFAIK, since ~2014-04 those accounts can be used for withdrawals via bank transfer, but not for deposit.  The three exchanges still accept CNY deposits through various indirect ways, such as specific precharge cards, brokers, etc.. 
By 2014-04 the individual amateur traders were disappointed because they could not compete with the more sophisticated traders who used high-frequency trading (HFT) robots and leveraged trading.  In 2014-05 the major Chinese exchanges pledged to limit HFT as part of their effort to clean up their act and appease the government.  Some months later, Bobby Lee of BTC-China claimed that the other exchanges had defaulted  on that pledge in part.  I conjecture that the amateur traders are still gradually giving up and dumping their holdings (thet they cannot use BTC for anything else but speculation).
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:14:16
Here is my understanding of that article.  If the cartel has, say, 55% of the hash power, it can do this:
* The cartel announces, a month or so in advance, that "We the leading miners have analyzed the grave situation of the network created by the low price bla bla. So, for the survival of bitcoin, it is imperative that the next halving be postponed for another 2 years.  Please everyone download the new version of the software (that accepts blocks with 25 BTC coinbases even after the scheduled halving) from this link .... Beware that, starting with block NNNN, clients running the old version will find that their transactions are no longer processed, and miners who follow the old protocol will not be able to collect their rewards."
* Once block NNNN-1 has been mined, the cartel sets most of their hashpower (amounting to 53% of the world total) to mine according to the old protocol; but they ignore any block that is found by miners who are not part of the cartel, and mine only empty blocks, using their own previous block as the parent.  So, most of the time there will be two branches of the orthodox blockchain: one mined by the cartel, consisting entirely of empty blocks, and one by the orthodox miners, with some transactions in them.  The second branch may run ahead of the first for a while, but eventually the cartel's branch will overtake it, and will be accepted as the "true" blockchain by all the orthodox clients.  At that time, all the blocks mined by orthodox miners in their branch will be orphaned (discarded), and all the transactions that they processed will be again considered unconfirmed, *by all orthodox clients*.  The orthodox miners themselves will be obliged, by the original protocol, to forfeit all those rewards and start mining again from the last block issued by the cartel.  Exchanges and payment processors who do not upgrade their client software will not get any income, or will see deposits be confirmed but then canceled after a few blocks.
* Meanwhile, the cartel will put its remaining haspower, amounting to 2% of the world total, to mine a third branch of the chain, starting at block NNNN, using the new protocol.  Besides postponing the reward halving, the new protocol will temporarily lower the difficulty, so that the block rate will be acceptable even with 1/50 of the previous hashpower.  This third "reformed" branch of the blockchain will contain transactions of all clients who are running the reformed client software.  Any miners who choose to upgrade their protocol and mine on this third branch will get their 25 BTC reward, that they can spend on any business that has upgraded.  
Knowing this, most clients and miners would probably upgrade their software before the deadline, or by the first time they use bitcoin after the deadline.  Some die-hard orthodox miners could try to sabotage the third "reformed" branch of the blockchain, but that would not bring them any profit, it would only break bitcoin.  Once enough non-cartel miners have ceded and upgraded, the remaining orthodox miners would not even be able to do that.
Does this make sense?
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:38:19
They can do what China did: cripple it until it is only an instrument of gambling, and occasionally of crime.  If it is used *only* for illegal trade, it would have failed as "the money of internet", and would not have more effect on society and politics than the marijuana black market.  The vast majority of the population, and all the legal merchants and services, will not use it -- even if the only risk is a fine equal to the coin's value.
If the US decides to stamp it out, all their allies and dependent countries will do the same.
A few more incidents like the Detroit ransomware attack could be all that is needed to change the US government's  policiy on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:13:32
Obviously there will be no way to cancel a payment.  Obviously.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:51:54
Well, the MtGOX sinkhole swallowed 5% of all the bitcoins that existed at the time, and made more than 50'000 victims.  This man stole less than half as much in dollars, which is practically 0% of all existing dollars, and probably made a couple thousand victims. 
Moreover, bitcoin had been claimed to be totally safe, and not depending on trust... 
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:19:15
Have you read the paper and my scenario above?  A miner majority can effectively stop the chain that follows the original protocol, while processing all transactions in the new-protocol chain.
Clients, miners and services who do not want to switch to the new protocol cannot continue using the old protocol.  To switch to a different PoW, as you suggest, they would all have to upgrade their software and fork the chain, anyway.  But this "rebel" blockchain will have a very weak network, with CPU mining only; which the cartel may be able to sabotage.  Any clients who choose this path will not be able to transact with those clients who gave in to the cartel, and vice-versa.  The SHA miners, even those who were not part of the cartel, will be unable to switch to this rebel chain; so they would either join the cartel and hope that it prevails, or go bankrupt.
@_date: 2014-03-02 02:25:52
He may have been the buyer who kept the price at MtGOX 10% above the market price.  That way he would attract investors who had BTC to sell, and scare away those who wanted to buy them.  He would have taken the real BTC of those new investors in exchange for goxUSD, and then stalled the US withdrawals for as long as he could.
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:40:09
Apologies if it came out as a personal attack.  I did not doubt the soundness of your solution, only pointed out that it is only a partial relief.
Just please stop dismissing those very real risks as "fear mongering".  We are talking about many thousands of skilled hackers watching people put many millions of dollars in those hardware wallets.  Check some exploits in banking and other contexts to see how ingenious and daring the thieves can be.
I am only pointing to a gap in the coop wall that the foxes can walk through at night. 
As for taking the discussion to I have already pointed out those risks in the Trezor thread at bitcointalk.org, so the Trezor guys already know about them.
@_date: 2014-11-24 05:34:29
An experiment to check whether a certain protocol can sustain a secure decentralized trustless digital payment network.
@_date: 2014-12-25 03:39:10
Again, I disagree strongly with almost everything you wrote above.  Just some random picks:




My internet data, including international Skype phone calls come through my TV cable.  In the 1990s, people accessed the intenet through ordinary phone lines (starting at 300 **bits** per second). When you access internet through WiFi, you using radio waves.  You could easily access internet through walkie-talkies or string-and-cups phones; no one does it only because the bandwidth would be too small and there is no demand.


Bad example.  Actually there was an announcement by Linus Torvalds to the intended public (programmers who were used to other unix-like systems). And Linux was never an *experiment* to test a new proposed solution to some technical problem.  The first versions could be viewed as "alpha" and "beta", sure, but it was designed and developed from the start as a (free) *product*, intended to be used by general tech-oriented users for general computing purposes.


Wrong example again.  The internet too was not an "experiment", but was intended to be a *product*.
Prior to the Internet being made available for anything like general use, DARPA obviously did several *experiments* to see whether its main concepts (such as packet-based routing) actually worked, and to pick suitable parameters. But those experiments were never exposed to the public.
The Internet that was released to the university &amp; industrial public in the late 1970s was no longer an experiment by one solitary researcher: it was a *product*, designed and debugged by hundreds of scientists and technicians, meant to be used by general people for general data transfer purposes between computers.  IPV4 was not "the simplest choice that worked", but a scheme designed to scale to the whole world.  (Only that they did not foresee the personal computer revolution in the 1980s, so their estimate of the number of nodes in the world turned out to be way too modest.)
So, the opening to the truly general public in 1992 was not an "experiment" being used as "product"; it was a "product" originally developed for a certain market, and used by that market for 13 years, being offered to a much larger market.
Sorry, but I do not see any similarity between bitcoin and the internet -- in the way they were designed and deployed, in the kind of choices that were made by the designers, in the declared goals, etc.  I stand by my view that bitcoin was meant as a technical experiment, and attempts to present it as a "product in beta test" are misguided and misleading.
By the way, HTML is not a feature of the internet, it is a use of it that was developed only in the 1990s.  And the "bandwidth limited to under 50Kbps over phone lines" is a physical limitation of the voice phone lines, not "mandated by government".
@_date: 2014-11-22 20:17:53
Fiatleak's display is totally misleading.  It shows coins being traded **in** one country as coins flowing **into** that country. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:52:01
Here is the link with discussion thread:
[Official World Bank report: "Bitcoin is not a Ponzi Scheme" - Kaushik Basu, author of ‘Ponzis: The Science and Mystique of a Class of Financial Frauds.’](
(Sorry, the word was "deliberate" not "intentional".  And I slightly garbled the guy's credentials)
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:06:32
Just one point: we do not know how many of the cheap old coins are being sold.  But we do know that some big investors are selling:
* The SMBIT fund started out with ~17'000 BTC of assets contributed by the creators of the fund.  Translated: those founders SOLD 17'000 BTC to the first clients of the fund, for ~120$ each.
* In the same way, the Winkles' ETF will be a way for them to SELL their 100'000 BTC to the general public without (hopefully) crashing the price.
* When asked what he intended to do with the 30'000 BTC that he bought in the first USMS auction, he said that he planned to use them to provide liquidity for a certain venture he was supporting.  "Provide liquidity" is a fancy way to say "SELL".
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:24:02
Did Roger Ver say in his video that MtGOX had 100 million in their bank accounts?  I don't recall he giving any numbers, and I cannot play the video at the moment to check.
@_date: 2014-12-30 02:54:13
Well, what would the IRS do if a country declared Apple shares their national currency?
I guess that their answer to both questions would be: "We will think about that problem if and when it comes up".
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:14:02
Sigh.  What happened in November 2013 was that those tens of thousands of Chinese amateur speculators discovered bitcoin, and proceeded to buy an unknown but large amount of BTC -- at BTC-China, Huobi, OKCoin, and a few other Chinese exchanges that people rarely mention.  Those coins were provided by Western bitcoin traders and holders, either directly on those exchanges, or sold in Western exchanges and taken to China by arbitragers.
That is what drove the price up from ~120$ to ~1200$.   So, by January 2014, a considerable amount of BTC were in the hands of those Chinese speculators -- in their accounts at the exchanges, or in their private wallets. 
Considering the effect that the transfer had on price, it is not surprising that all that trading capital gave those Chinese speculators enough power to set the price from then on.  In particular, if they had decided to sell all their coins, the price would surely have returned to the neighborhood of 120$.
Their control on the price is proved by the fact that the price has reacted promptly and strongly to news that affected  those traders -- MtGOX's claim of "bug in protocol", the PBoC rumors and anti-rumors -- but didn't even blip at any of the big news in the West -- Dell, Lawsky, IRS, VAT -- that did not mean anything to them.  That is because the Western traders are affecting only the 120$ component of the price, while the Chinese are affecting the other 1080$.
And it is obvious then that, since January, those Chinese traders have been gradually losing interest in bitcoin (which is only a negative-sum gambling game to them), and gradually selling those gazillion coins -- which are promptly brought to the West by arbitragers.
But obviously you do not want to understand any facts or arguments that contradict your absolute faith in bitcoin.  What can I do?
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:32:22
Just because I try to give some balance to some totally biased comments here? 
Bitcoins are not safer than credit cards, even for people who understand a bit of computers and computer security. Pushing them to use bitcoin with that false premise is just wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:53:23
[USMS announcement](
"Transfer Fees. Any transfer fees associated with the transfer of the bitcoins will be paid by the buyer. The buyer will be given an opportunity to select the amount of fees charged in the transfer."
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:16:02
However, if the IRS questions that deduction, how are you going to prove to them that (a) the coins were yours, ,and (b) the address where they are now is not yours?
For (a) you hopefully have receipts or other records that show you purchased the coins.  For (b), I hope they believe in your word...
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:21:38
Well, that supposed boom does not show in that chart.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 04:02:08
Applies to both sides it seems...  
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:38:39
They could build enough farms to get to 51%.  But hey can also DDOS some mining nodes, close others, seize others...  They can filter packets, spoof IP addresses, ...
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:31:01
I don't understand why the governments of the US and their close allies are so nice towards bitcoin, considering what the most ardent bitcoiners expect that it will do to them.
Perhaps one day the US will get fed up with the anarcho-libertarians and bitcoin criminals, and will do what China did:  ban its use in commerce and finance, restrict its conversion to dollars, but allow it to continue as a gambling game and/or as a technical experiment.  
In that case, bitcoin may end up surviving within a closed community of aficionados, like the Linden Dollar.  However, the latter has a "Fed" (Linden Labs) to stabilize its price so as to prevent speculation; bitcoin will not have one.
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:00:24
The question is whether the bartender was obliged to accept the client's bitcoins.  He wasn't; he had the right to demand the payment in pesos,
and call the police if the client refused to pay.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:55:07


Thanks, quite an eye-opener...
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:14:12
If they sell to US customers they are required to follow many US regulations and laws that apply to any business, no matter what they sell.  For example, they are required to  honor their ads and refund unsatisfied customers within a certain time.  Same in many other countries.
@_date: 2014-12-28 05:12:58
I am quite skeptical of bitcoin longterm success.  I post satire of things that I find ridiculous to and serious comments to If that is being a "buttcoiner troll" then yes, I am a "buttcoiner troll".
EDIT: about that post in particular, it is ridiculous how the pro-bitcoin reporter tacks a "Yes for bitcoin!" when the Ministry' s objections have nothing at all to do with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-27 05:52:12


I see.  Well, China still seems to be defining the price, so they must still have many coins in their exchanges, and not enough yuan.  I won't guess how far the price is from the bottom.  It depends on how many coins will remain in  China, how much demand has grown in the West since Nov/2013, whether the Chinese pullout also affects the Apr/2013 bubble... 
As I already explained, volume is not a sign of increasing demand -- in every trade someone is buying and someone is selling.  besides, most of the trade volume seems to be robots that trade the same coins hundred of times per day.  The volume does not tell us how many coins and how many yuan are in the market, and how much the traders are willing to pay for one BTC.  
Bitstamp coin holdings mostly belong to their clients.  The profits from fees should be distributed to their owners as dividends and go to their private wallets.  I don't see why the company should hoard bitcoins -- unless they are trading themselves in their exchange, which would be a very unethical thing to do.  (Since trading is a zero-sum game, actually negative sum because of fees, any profit that the exchange would make by trading would be at the expense of its customers.) 
@_date: 2014-12-28 16:10:17


I used to be only in bitcointalk, but he threads that I followed have been dying out as the price has tanked.  The people in seem more radical, but thank gods there is to provide some balance.
I agree that the initial inflation of bitcoin is a necessary compromise, but then do not call it "deflationary".  Bitcoin inflation will approach the current level of the dollar only 10 years from now.  Depending on the BTC price, the network will have to switch to fees, and no one can predict what the fee will be.  


The ruble has devalued 50% in 2014, like bitcoin.  But last May no one was predicting a 40x increase in purchase power of the ruble -- very unlike bitcoin.
That is only to show that the "bitcoin experts" themselves do not have a clue about the future of bitcoin.  How can *you* be so sure?


The point is that no one with money to spare believed that it would rise in 2013.   They did not expect that China would take over as it did.  And even today most people ignore (or pretend to ignore) why it rose in 2013, and why it has been mostly dropping this year.   Accepting the fact that China has been in control since 2013  would have unpleasant implications for the future. 
Again, if professional investors who are "bitcoin insiders" do not show faith in "the next bubble", why should we believe in it?


The bitcoin network is not "funded to maintain bitcoin", it is funded to make money.  
If you look closely, most of the venture capital that has been invested in the bitcoin ecosystem went to companies that will make money even if the BTC price keeps falling.


Funny, until 2013 that "reason" was supposed to prove that any altcoins would be dead at birth.  
Neither bitcoin's head start nor the size of its mining network guarantee that it will prevail on other altcoins.   Litecoin and Dogecoin have smaller networks but that does not make them significantly less secure than Bitcoin.  And who knows what other coins may come up in the future.
By the way, the "market cap" of bitcoin is not its "capitalization", it is an upper bound (a "cap" in fact) on the market value of all existing coins, if they were to be sold by their current owners.  It is a very lose cap, because the price would crash if that were to happen (unlike most ordinary stock).  The total money invested in bitcoin itself is unknown, but much less than the "market cap", because the vast majority of the coins were bought for pennies by their current owners.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:50:14
Is that "gox self-help group" being advised by a layer who understands Japanese bankruptcy law?  Apparently not, since otherwise that lawyer would have written the letter.
The group seems to think that the receiver can and must do whatever the former clients want him to do.  Do they know that there are laws and tons of legal precedents for how bankrupt companies are liquidated?
The first question that the group should ASK the liquidator is how the claims will be defined.  AFAIK, the standard practice in such cases (used, for example, in the Madoff ponzi liquidation) is to ignore the internal trades and fictitious balances of the company, and instead define the loss of each client as being the amount deposited minus the amount withdrawn, valuing bitcoins with the market price at the time of deposit or withdrawal.
Obviously, the claims computed by this method will be VERY different from the final account balances.   For example, if a client deposited 100 bitcoins in October 2013 (when the price was 120$/BTC), withdrew 5 bitcoins in November 2013 (price 1000$/BTC) and had 500 BTC in his account when MtGOX folded, by this criterion his claim would be 100 x 120 - 5 x 1000 = 7000$ -- **not** 500 BTC, **not** 95 BTC. It is not known whether this standard method will be used in MtGOX's case.
The alternative of using the final account balances as the claimable amounts, as the self-help group demands, has a lot of practical and legal problems.  One of them is that there may have been fraudulent trading or fictitious BTC deposits, or bitcoin purchases with non-existent money, leaving some "special" clients with overinflated account balances.  (That, by the way, is one possible explanation for the disappearance of the 660'000 BTC: perhaps they never existed in the first place.) Thus, distributing the assets according to the final balances may only consummate the fraud.
All claimants will have to identify themselves and submit proof that they are the owners of their accounts.  Apparently some in the self-help group expect that the old anonymous accounts will be honored as such.
AFAIK, the refunds will have to be in yen, with the remaining bitcoins being auctioned.  There are legal requirements (the yen is legal tender, bitcoin is not) and practical problems (clients who lost money due to the devaluation of the BTC since February will feel robbed).  Even if the bitcoins are distributed as bitcoins, they will be awarded proportionally to the validated claim amounts; which, as said above, may not be the final account balances.
(I have tried to point out these issues to the self-help group in the bitcointalk forum, but they seem to think that the court and receiver are just part of the bitcoin planet, where there is no law and everyone does whatever he wants.)
@_date: 2014-11-22 18:50:17
Actually, for greater safety a store of expensive carry-out goods should require more than 1 confirmation.  There is a small chance (about 1 in 100) that the first block that confirms a transaction will be superseded by an alternate block and become "orphan".  Within that 1% chance, there is some risk that the alternate block will not include the "confirmed" transaction, and will instead include a transaction that sends the same coins to a different address.  The first transaction then would be canceled as an attempted double-spend.  The risk is small, but a gang with resources could perhaps manipulate the network delays to increase it to exploitable levels.
The average waiting time for 1 confirmation should be 10 minutes, but has been somewhat less recently.  However, the delay it is a random variable with a long tail, meaning that delays of 20-30 minutes or more for 1 confirmation are not that rare.
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:54:31
If I did and *were* successful, would that mean that they were not your rights?
The concept of "right" is meaningless if defined by the subject for himself.  The guy who violates what you think are your rights will often believe that he is acting on his rights.  Then what?
I have seen various posts commenting that if Alice discovers the private keys to Bob's bitcoins, then Alice has the right to take them, "because, in Bitcoinland, knowledge of the key is the right of ownership", or whatever.  Obviously Bob will strongly disagree with that alleged "right" of Alice.
@_date: 2014-11-13 05:23:53
Is it possible that the statement means "the hedge fund is using OKCoin's *software* to trade *their shares* (not bitcoin)"?  
IIRC, OKCoin boasted their previous experience with banking/financial data processing. 
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:56:58
Seriously, you cannot guarantee that bitcoin will not collapse.
Almost every other cryptocoin has the same fundamental properties, and some have extra features.
The bitcoin network is not bound to bitcoin, miners can switch instantaneously to any other similar coin if they think it pays off more.
And it is not clear that people will want to pay the huge cost of bitcoin just because it is (pseudo-)decentralized.  Look at Facebook and GMail.
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:17:49
Bitcoin allows private key theft (many cases already); which is worse than identity theft, because the thief can immediately and irreversibly take the coins.  It is extremely unethical (to say the last) to push bitcoin on people who do not know enough about computers to protect themselves against hacking.
@_date: 2014-12-29 07:51:18
Exchanges are places (real or virtual) where sellers and buyers go to, because there they know that there they will have the best chance of meeting each other.
Banks, likewise, are places where lenders and borrowers most easily meet each other.  Perhaps the problem with the current bank model is lack of transparency; they function more like investment brokers than open markets.   On the other hand, banks need to do something that exchanges don't, which is to evaluate the credit reliability of borrowers.   For these reasons, I don't think that bitcoin will make banks unnecessary.
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:18:46
I read in the news that Ross had been using a killer app.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:14:56
It is basically a state-run dollar-based e-payment system, and almost certainly it will *not* use any crypto blocchain technology.  In the domestic e-payment market, it replaces bitcoin (which is illegal) and competes with private PayPal-like systems, if there are any.
@_date: 2014-12-03 02:26:35
I guess it is the same as with bitcoin: the customer must pay in cash, or wait until the debit card terminal comes back online, or (if the owner agrees) leave his iphone as guarantee, or wash all the dishes and mop the bathrooms...
@_date: 2014-11-18 03:06:23
The collapse will not be immediate, and may occur only if the users become aware that one entity (company, pool, or cartel thereof) has more than 51% of the has power, AND intends to misbehave.  Meanwhile, miners have an immediate incentive to get as much hash power they can, and to associate (even if in secret) to reduce their risk.  Note that mining equipment is obsolete after a year at most; so the miner's interest is to maximize his revenue during that year, even if bitcoin collapses after that.
Moreover, only those users who care about the decentralization will be upset by the concentration of power.  Many users will not care as long as it does not destroy the immediate features that they care about (low fees, high volatility, transnationality, anonymity, whatever).
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:56:55
It quite possible in fact, because some irresponsible bitcoiners try to convince everybody and their cousin to buy bitcoin -- even if the victims do not know how malware can get into their computers, and what it can do.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:44:56
That site has the full history since those addresses got the first satoshi.  Just do binary seach on the pages until you find the date you want.
@_date: 2014-12-25 00:08:18
Translating: "It is OK if bitcoin scams actually exist and succeed, as long as the potential ~~suckers~~ bitcoin buyers out there do not know about them.  Therefore we must let all scammers get away with their scams, and keep quiet while they take our money." 
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:38:03
That would make the equipment of *all* miners worthless for the "core dev's fork", so they would have to join the "cartel's fork".
That is like the Captain and First Mate taking off in a lifeboat and calling it "the true ship", while the rest of the crew sails away in "the rogue boat"...
Besides, the core devs may be employed by the cartel... 
@_date: 2014-11-27 13:38:09
In case anyone is looking for a serious reply: it is not illegal to own, buy, or sell bitcoins in the US.  They are not considered currency, except perhaps in some states (but it is not clear whether the states have the authority to decide that).  They are not legal tender, meaning that any creditor or merchant can refuse to be paid in bitcoin, but cannot refuse USD.  Whether bitcoin can be used in commerce (with prices quoted in bitcoin and direct bitcoin payments, rather than conversion to USD) is somewhat uncertain, since the government has acted in the past to curb the use of privately issued currencies like the Liberty Dollar.
@_date: 2014-11-30 20:23:33
"100% sure"?  Erm, not religion, right...
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:50:40
But, is it still mining?
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:33:22
I agree with the original poster, only that I thought it was so obvious that it did not need saying.
I could even understand if it was something irreplaceable, with great sentimental or personal value -- like mementos from your great-grandfather, or a picture that you painted yourself -- that the other person was not taking due care of.  But taking back a gift of money, or a store-bought toy?  That would give **you** a very bad image...
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:49:47
Were your private keys created with a good random number generator? Maybe the software you used was malicious, and picked one of a million keys that the hacker also knows.  And now she is just waiting for those addresses to get fat enough to harvest them.
@_date: 2014-12-28 21:11:55
The first paragraph is right.  The second is wrong.  
A product that has real advantages does not need advertising because potential users will learn about it from other happy users, try it out, and adopt it.  This is clearly not happening with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:48:49
I understand that some people expect that bitcoin will make banks unnecessary.  Well, I don't think it will, even if it replaces national currencies.  
@_date: 2014-12-27 00:47:10
They note a positive spike in the CNY relative spread in nov/2013, together with a negative spike in other currencies, and are not sure of the interpretation.  The simplest explanation is that the Chinese were avidly buying bitcoins at the Chinese exchanges during the rally, and arbitragers were not able to keep up.
They note that SatoshiDice accounted for a huge proportion of the blockchain traffic until it was forced to reject US IP addresses.  When the latter happened the other volume had a significant increase so that the total traffic kept increasing.  Could it be that US gamblers simply switched to other gambling sites that did not disciminate them?
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:33:49
If he was an NSA staff, those coins belong to the government so he cannot spend them.
@_date: 2014-11-21 07:43:22
The point is that the recent valuation of their stock (from 18$ on 2014-10-22 to 24$ today; +6$) is only about half of the big loss earlier this year (29$ on 2014-01-28, 19$ on 01-29; -10$).
They started accepting bitcoin on 2014-01-09, so that would look bad for bitcoin.  (But I don't think it had a significant effect, really.)
@_date: 2014-12-09 07:49:10
As of 2014-09-10, there were ~620'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC or more.  
[Bitcoin distribution by address - at block 320000](
It seems reasonable to assume that each user has at least one address with 0.1 BTC in it.  While there are users who keep their BTC in exchange accounts, Coinbase, etc., and users who are momentarily without coins, there are also users who have more than one such address. Thus ~600'000 seems to be a reasonable estimate of the number of users.  I would think that it is likely to be too high rather than too low.
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:17:41
In 2011 bitcoin had a "bubble" that lifted it from ~0.75$ to a peak of 30$.  As in most bubbles, the exponential rally stopped suddenly because the demand responsible for it saturated.  As in most bubbles, there was a crash after the peak, as speculators who bought during the rally dumped as fast as they could.
Unlike most other previous or later bubbles, however, the 2011 one did not settle at a stable value determined by that saturated demand (which may have been somewhere between 10$ and 15$).  Instead, the bubble "deflated" almost completely over the year, as if that demand was evaporating and the people in that particular market were slowly selling their coins. 
The price had reached 2.2$ by Nov/2013 when another bubble started and left the price at 5$.  This new bubble did have a lasting effect, which provided the floor for the next bubble in early 2013.
Without the 2012 bubble, it looks like the price would have returned at the pre-bubble level (under 1$).
The Nov/2013 bubble, that peaked at ~1200$, looks like a repeat of the 2011 bubble: instead of defining a new plateau, it seems that the demand that drove it is slowly evaporating.  That demand was the Chinese market, and the PBoC decrees have reduced it to a gambling game played by day-traders within the exchanges.  Since it is a zero-sum game, at best, many of those speculators must be losing money.  So it is not surprising that those speculators are gradually leaving the market.
There was a smaller bubble in June/2014, which may have left a lasting +200$ gain.  So, even if that Chinese demand disappears, the price will not return to the pre-bubble level (~130$). Perhaps the price is now near the bottom.   
The question is whether there will be another bubble as big as the Nov/2013.  It would have to be a market larger than the Chinese one.  
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:12:46
Read again what I wrote.  With 51% of the hash power they can block the "orthodox" fork.  That is what gives the cartel the power to impose changes in the protocol.  The clients and other miners will have to either accept the "cartel's consensus", or effectively lose their coins and investment.  If the change requested by the cartel is minor (such as postponing the next reward halving), encourages miners to keep mining, and is properly marketed, it may even increase the BTC price.
The article I was referring to is by [the authors of this post]( but more detailed.  But that post has the main points.  
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:48:55
Yes. So, how much profit did Bitpay make this year?  
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:20:27
@_date: 2014-12-19 11:28:12
This is nonsense... That '800 BTC' number is only the sum of all tx-outputs that went into that address since the author has been watching that webpage.  It does not mean anything.
This may be the same address X discussed yesterday on another thread, or a similar case.  The address X started out with ~10 BTC and the owner makes a series of small payments to many other addresses.  Each time he takes the full balance of X (say 7.345 BTC), sends one output (say 0.005 BTC) to another address Y, and the difference ('change', say 7.340 BTC) back to X.  This change gets added to that stupid "Total received" number shown by BlockChain.Info.  Which starts at zero when that webpage is opened, so it will show different values to different people.
The blame should fall in good part on BlockChain.Info for presenting that meaningless number together with (and above) the address balance, which is the meaningful number.
@_date: 2014-12-04 03:34:59
If he does not know about keyloggers, phishing, weak keys, browser plugins, http x https, SMTP, cloud backup, ... do you really want him to risk losing his bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-12-01 05:01:22
I understaand that the double counting is used only for futures trading, not for ordinary (spot) trading. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 13:11:01
The price is still being set by the Chinese day traders, who couldn't care less for the drug site raids -- or for any event anywhere that has no effect on the Chinese exchanges.
There is no reliable estimate of how much of the blockchain traffic is actual use for payments.  My guess is less than 10%.
Bitcoin itself is not illegal (yet?) in the US, and has market value, so the government is required by law to auction any seized bitcoins and collect the proceeds to the Treasury (or some other specific fund).  But they say in the auction manifesto that they "do not make any representation or guarantee" about bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:23:02
Sorry, I completely misinterpreted your worry about your pin. ;-) If you use the Trezor only in your room, and no one knows that you have a couple million dollars in your Trezor, then that risk is indeed pretty low.  But the Trezor is meant to be used outside your home, on untrusted computers.  In a web cafe or hotel, the risk of someone planting a hidden camera with zoom to read the scramble matrix may be high enough to worry, especially if the Trezor becomes popular.
@_date: 2014-12-29 05:22:13
Today one can live without interacting with banks, but only if one is fairly disconnected from society and has a modest income.
If and when bitcoin replaces dollars, most people will probably keep their bitcoin in the bank, and will expect to pay with bitcoin bank IOUs like (bitcoin) wire transfer or (bitcoin) credit/debit cards. A store that insists in receiving actual bitcoins will lose customers, like a store today who insisted in cash payments only. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 07:42:51


Is that a fact?  I believe the bankruptcy trustee has asked the police to investigate the disappearance of a certain number of bitcoins (strangely, not the 660'000 but some 20'000 only).
Surely Japan must prosecute fraudulent management, embezzlement, and computer hacking...
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:56:07
The concentration of mining into a few big companies may be the first real flaw of the protocol.  Last time I looked, the 3-4 largest miners/pools had more than 51%.   If a company or cartel gets 51% of the hashing power, they can control which transactions get processed, can starve other miners to bankruptcy, and can force arbitrary changes to the protocol.  For example, they could keep the block reward at 25 BTC indefinitely.  They will become effectively the "owners" of the bitcoin system.  It is not obvious that self-interest will prevent them from doing such things.
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:52:12
I fully agree that the bitcoin blockchain has interesting properties that ordinary databases and/or centralized systems don't have.  But please show me where in the whitepaper it is written that sidechains will have to have any specific properties, such as 'distributed consensus' (which is a very fuzzy concept).
Surely you don't want to force 'sidechains' to be only vanilla altcoins that implement slight variants of the bitcoin protocol.  Surely you don't want to exclude 'sidechains' that use Merkle trees, partially reversible transactions, proof-of-alchool-content, or who knows what other concepts may be invented.
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:24:06
More directly, the miners are being paid by those who are buying bitcoins **now** to hold.  People who have been holding for years are only losing some of their *paper* profits; their actual contribution was the money that they paid at the time, which the miners spent long ago. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:46:21
Shouldn't this be posted to @_date: 2014-12-26 16:29:37
Check this [very incomplete list of scams]( that greedy bitcoiners already fell for, in the currency's very short life.
Some of them are incredible, e.g. many invested in Neo &amp; Bee "stock" even though it was not real equity, there was no real prospectus, and a trivial check of public UK databases would have shown that the CEO's only experience in the financial sector was scamming a few hundred people with a non-existent music festival.
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:20:03
Their agendas could not be more obvious.  They do not want net neutrality, i.e they want to control what sites/services you can acceess, and surcharge depending on what you access.
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:39:03
You mean, the guys realized that they got defrauded and lost thousands of bitcoins, so they set out to create an ARG to tease and entertain their users?  Sounds right, yeah, that must be it, duuuh.
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:24:54
Current usage for payment of goods and services must be less than 5 million USD/day (probably much less).  Assuming that those coins get reused after 7 days, on average, the coins in circulation must be worth 35 million USD.  About 13.6 million BTC have been mined so far.  Therefore, bitcoin could fulfill its role as currency even if it was worth only 2.5 USD/BTC.
The price is currently 320 $/BTC only because of speculation -- people buying BTC because they expect to sell it for a profit at some future time (which could be 10 minutes or 10 years away, it doesn't matter).  
@_date: 2014-12-31 02:16:47
Thanks, but that thread seems to be dead -- the last relevant posts are over 1 month old.
@_date: 2014-12-31 18:08:28
I would not risk guessing whether the SEC approves it or not.  On one hand, the SEC was created precisely to prevent the selling of insubstantial stocks to the general public.  On the other hand, they have ceded to pressure of the financial industry to approve many house-of-cards financial instruments and derived funds.  And their policy seems to be that it is OK to sell cans of compressed vacuum, as long as the prospectus says that the contents is valuable compressed vacuum but may evaporate if not properly handled.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:19:57
See above.  The FTC checks regular businesses for compliance with trade laws and regulations, the SEC looks for bogus securities (shares, bonds, certificates etc.), the FBI may investigate specific fraud or embezzlement crimes,  etc.
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:37:25
That "discretion" is not fundamental.  It is necessary in the current protocol because not all miners are guaranteed to receive all transaction requests in any fixed time. Therefore, there is no way to tell whether a transaction was omitted because the miner did not see it, or because he decided not to include it.  
That discretion is also part of the current fee policy (each miner could make his own), but that too does not seem to be a fundamental reason.
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:00:56
If the USD volume has stagnated for the last year, there is obviously reason to worry.  Whatever generates more adoption is not working.  It is no consolation that use was growing in previous years.  People will not start using it more next year just because they saw that its use increased in 2013.
@_date: 2014-12-24 12:53:17
Based on my vast sample of three articles, l believe that all articles on Bitell are like that.  Can't tell whether it is automatic translation, or the site owner has a very bad command of English.
@_date: 2014-12-09 10:04:22
A few hours ago, people noyiced that several of those blocks, adding up to ~37'000 BTC, were merged and then split again.  That is probably a syndicate.
A syndicate merges many small bids into bids of 2000 (A) or 3000 (B) BTC as required by the USMS.  Those macro-bids have all different prices.  The USMS bid submission form allows any number of A blocks, **all for the same price**, and any number of B blocks, **all for the same price**.  So the syndicate has to submit many bid forms, each for 1 A block and 1 B block (5000 BTC).  When sending out the coins, it makes accounting sense for the USMS to do a separate transfer for each bid form, instead of each bidder.  
So it seems that one syndicate got 37'000 BTC.  I guess that the rest too was bought by other syndicates, since it too was split in 5000 BTC chunks.
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:10:58
Yeah, but how much will one bitcoin be worth? That is the point of this thread.  Buying bitcoins is not investing, it is gambling at a lottery with unknow odds.
@_date: 2014-11-30 02:07:28
The main novelties of WWW were 
+  the "open data" model -- a server that would send data to anyone who asked, without the need for a login or identification
+  the use of a simple (at the time) markup language, supporting text and hyperlinks, that could be displayed on any computer and any screen, with any font;
+  embedding the hostname in the hyperlinks, so one could fetch data in different computers without even being aware of that.
The last idea may have been used before, but it was the other two that made it useful.  Having your computer serve data to absolutely anyone in the world was quite a revolution in mindset.  Having an open, editable markup was also quite a change from complicated platform-specific markups.  Being able to read documents from a windows server on an unix computer, without having to install special filter, was mind-boggling.  That is why it was called the "world wide web" -- a web of documents, not of computers (which is what the internet and other nets had been to that point).
@_date: 2014-12-01 18:57:16
Please keep to the subject.  Was the owner wrong in calling the police?  From what was reported, no, he wasn't.  The client had the obligation to pay his bill, whereas the bartender was not obliged to accept bitcoins, or any currency other than pesos.
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:02:04
Impatient.  ;-)
@_date: 2014-12-14 20:40:54
On bitcointalk.org there is a thread that is a catalog of major scams, heists, etc.  But is is updated infrequently, and only includes cases with large losses.
[List of Major Bitcoin Heists, Thefts, Hacks, Scams, and Losses](
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:19:20
Why "FUD"?  Bitcoin's performance as investment was in fact terrible this year, and not even the gurus can provide arguments to support the claim that the price will go up next year.
The "good news" that the gurus usually give are not backed by hard data. (For instance, how much did BitPay and Coinbase *really* process in 2014? How did it change month to month?)
Those "good news" should have pushed the price up in 2014, but it fell ~60% instead.  So why would they have the opposite effect in 2015?
@_date: 2014-12-28 01:47:52
This news has been posted before on this subreddit.
The word "bitcoin" is never mentioned by the MoED.  Only the reporter thinks that he wants to protect it.
The Ministry did not ask for the proposed law to be discarded.  He complained that "the  proposed definition lacks precision".  That is, he wants the bill to be amended so as to exclude things like merchant points from the ban, which would apply only to some other things.  Guess whether bitcoin will be one of the exceptions dear to the MoED, or one of the banned things. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:43:37
I very much doubt doubt it, unless the lawsuit was e.g. because you had a contract to buy bitcoins, yo paid and the guy did not deliver.  Even then, the verdict would probably specify a dollar amount and the guy has the right to deliver dollars (since he may not be able to procure the bitcoins).
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:23:56


Which countries?  AFAIK only Bangladesh and perhaps Ecuador have banned the purchase of bitcoins.  Russia may do so too, but the law is still to be voted.  Even in China, which has banned almost every use of bitcoin, there are no obstacles to trading and possession.  
@_date: 2014-12-23 15:15:17
For example, the USMS auction sold 50'000 coins out of a stash of ~145'000; but preparing the coins and sending them out to Draper and the winning syndicate required 18 transactions with ~530'000 BTC total output.  Not counting the transactions that distributed the 50'000 coins to the syndicate members.
There is a post somewhere in this reddit that found 25% of the traffic to be chains of of transactions where the same 50 BTC (say) are moved to a new address, dropping off small crumbs to other addresses along the way, thousands of times per day.
The growth in the number of transactions does not match the USD volume (that stays flat).
And more...
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:48:53
Considering what happened to the price over the last year, telling a newbie to invest in bitcoin is scamming, pure and simple.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:51:37


I post satire to buttcoin, serious stuff here.  I do mean what I wrote above.
@_date: 2014-12-20 23:41:07
I know that.  But the security of the blockchain depends on people choosing truly random keys and R-values.  Otherwise the chain is not secure (even ignoring stolen keys, address phishing, mistakes, and other "external" failures).
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:16:47
I don't think I am mistaken.  I am not inventing this, there are articles out there that explain it in detail (but not in the bitcoin media, of course).
I suppose you understand how a 51+% cartel can prevent other miners from collecting *any* block reward at all.  So, right away, they can force those miners to adopt their "improved" protocol, and mine on the corresponding fork of the blockchain.  Same for ordinary clients, web wallet services, processors: either they upgrade their software to use the chain with the revised protocol, or they will see their transactions blocked indefinitely.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 02:39:38
Er, what is that incentive?
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:39:47
PS. Note that the distribution hasn't changed much over the last two years, when the total number of coins has changed very little compared to the earlier years.
The most striking details seem to be actions by single rich users.  For example, in January 2011 someone merged some accounts with ~10k-50k each into one or a few accounts with &gt;100k.  In December 2011 someone did the opposite, splitting a &gt;100k account into many 500-1000 BTC lots.  In September 2012 someone did a similar split, but spread over a couple of months...
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:29:41
Please carry on. There are billions of people out there who know nothing about bitcoin, or are indifferent to it.  It is time that they get to know and hate it.
@_date: 2014-11-21 16:55:06
Home voting may be in increase (where?) but so is the US debt, internet censorship, control of Congress by corporations, and ebola cases.  Just because it is increasing, it does not mean that it is a good idea.
The bitcoin network now costs about 20 USD per transaction.  Users think it is free, because that cost is borne by the bitcoin holders, through the "inflation tax" implemented by block rewards.   If other services take a ride on the blockchain, with hundreds of millions of transactions on the same day, shouldn't they expected to share the cost?  How?
The blockchain voting proposals that I have seen require voters to have special hardware (like a chip-enabled card)  and still go to voting stations, to ensure voter privacy.  That will not be cheaper than the current VVPT systems.
 
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:40:54
I personally don't think that it will happen (other risks are far more likely IMHO), but if the miners ever find that mining BetterBitcoin is more profitable than mining Bitcoin, they will switch on their own.  Then, if enough of them do, it would be the old bitcoin that would be vulnerable to 51% attack.
@_date: 2014-11-28 03:22:18
Have you read the fine print? If the exchange submits to AML/KYC rules, I guess you are forbidden to trade for other people.  If you do, you can get in real trouble with cops (money laundering etc.).
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:42:32
Since the cartel has the majority of the hashpower, their version of the blockchain will prevail (even if it consists of empty blocks), and any blocks mined by the honest miners will be rejected by the clients.  Difficulty would soon adjust so that the cartel's blocks come out every 10 minutes. There is no provision in the protocol to recognize and ban a "perverse" majority of the miners.
Come on folks, if a 51% situation devlops, many bad things can happen; this is not my guess, it is well known risk.
@_date: 2014-12-05 00:30:38
This auctiion was for 50'000 BTC not 30'000,  The article only goes downhill from there.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:13:44
Read again his question. Both solutions for block n+1 work, since both include the hash of block n.  Only one of them can be included in a solution for block n+2. Both n+1 blocks can be extended into independent branches of the blockchain, if by luck the pairs of blocks n+2, n+3, etc get solved at the same time; but eventually one of the two branches gets extended well before the other, and then the blocks in the shorter branch will be ignored by clients.  That is what "orphan blocks" are.
@_date: 2014-12-09 05:12:22
Your luck has changed it seems... (Bitstamp: 353$ and falling)
@_date: 2014-12-29 05:36:16
If the cartel succeeds in postponing the reward halving for a few years, they will surely make more profit over that time span than if they do nothing and the reward is halved.  They may lose some reward during the switch, but once most clients have upgraded they will be back to the same situation as before, except earning 25 BTC per block mined, instead of 12.5.
The risk of centralization will not disappear by just dismissing it as "unlikely".  That "script" that I outlined took me maybe half an hour to sketch.  It only hints at what a cartel could do in reality.  They will have resources and motivation to use their power in their interest -- namely, to maximize their revenue during the expected life of their equipment.
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:37:45
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:47:54
If you love bitcoin more than you love her, of course.
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:56:40
Federal reserve notes are 100% honest pieces of paper, they are what you see.  Bandits and bureaucrats can do many evil things with them, but the bank notes themselves have no blame in those acts.
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:42:29
Yes: 
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:55:19
In the list of addresses which cannot possibly have been generated by with a private key, many of the entries such as "ThatWhich1sBe1ow" are quotes from the Emerald Tablet, a medieval alchemy's text, in Newton's translation:   
So, most of those transactions must have been generated by the  same individual, as a test or joke.  
EDIT: Of course, it is also possible that someone found a fast algorithm to generate the private key given the address...  8-D
@_date: 2014-12-30 05:40:46
The BTC price and the block reward determine the miners' total revenue, hence the hash power and the difficulty.  But there is no influence going the other way: the miners can starve or choke on caviar, the price will not notice.
The reward halving should have a positive effect on the derivative (slope) of the price, by reducing the number of BTC dumped on the market by miners every day.  That it, the price may drop more slowly from that moment on, or rise faster.
@_date: 2014-12-29 04:00:00
Are you really trying to convince the US government to criminalize bitcoin? ;-)
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:23:46
Microsoft USA is still accepting **dollars only**, but now they accept dollars even from bitcoiners who decide to sell their bitcoins.  So you may want to reonsider...
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:40:50
Your rich friend could create an address and associate it with your identity, but retain the private key to it.  How could one detect that?
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:15:09
If the cartel cannot mine the C chain, neither can the "good" miners who would want to remain faithful to the A protocol.  They will have to switch to B, which is compatible with their hardware.  The C chain will be left with a network of GPU miners...
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:42:12
All those metrics based on the blockchain traffic and on the number of wallets have been found to be largely meaningless and misleading.  Almost all merchants that "accept bitcoin" actually prefer dollars, and almost all payment in bitcoins are converted to dollars before reaching the merchant.  As for the venture capital investors, they are not betting on the price of bitcoin, but on companies that will make profit even if the price goes to zero.
@_date: 2014-11-24 05:28:58
Yes. 8/
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:06:32
Thanks! So, what about the claim that the recent drop in bitcoin's hashrate is due to Bitcoin miners redirecting their equipment to PayCoin?
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:06:13
Bitcoin's price is held up by speculation -- people who buy in the hope that they can sell for a higher price at some point in the future.  That includes long-term holders who expect astronomical prices in some undefined future, or day-traders who hope for a 10$ increase in the next hours.
The price fluctuates because the optimism of those  speculators changes.  Most of the short-term speculators seem to be Chinese, since the biggest price swings often happen on news that affect the Chinese exchanges (like the PBoC decrees or non-decrees) and never on news that are relevant only  outside China (such as the Bitcoin Bowl).  
The demand for BTC use in e-payments could support a more stable price, since it  should not vary so much from day to day on a global scale.  However, if bitcoins were bought only for that purpose, and promptly used, the price would be well below 10 $/BTC.  (That was the reasoning behind "Prof. Bitcorn"'s prediction of 10 $/BTC by mid-2014.  But he underestimated the strength of the Faith of speculators.)
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:09:52
Drugs probably explain the rise to 14$, and part of the rise to 120$.  The rise in early 2013 was probably fueled by the growth of BTC-China in Shanghai, and the November 2013 bubble was quite certainly due to the opening of Huobi, OKCoin and other exchanges in Beijing.  The proof is that every negative development in China, such as restrictions from the Chinese government, has caused a significant drop in the price, whereas developments outside China have practically no effect. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 02:20:40
Dear I strongly disagree with almost everything you say in your replies.  I don't think I can address them all.  Just to take some random samples:


So the reasoning is: we libertarians believe that bitcoin was created to let us achieve our goals, and therefore Satoshi Nakamoto must have been a libertarian.
Apparently the strongest evidence in his "writings" that he was a libertarian is that headline from /The Times/ 2009-01-03 that got included in the first block.  
The purpose of including that headline, in case you don't know, was to prove to his collaborators that the first block was created on that same day, not earlier.  Otherwise, he could have created that block years before, and mined a huge blockchain from that block.  Then, a few months after announcing the project to his colleagues, he could dump it on the internet, thus invalidating all their work and rewards, double-spending his coins, etc.. By including the headline from /The Times/ of 2009-01-03, he proved that the block was created that same day.
That headline is not particularly connected to bitcoin. (Bitcoin will not make banks unnecessary, nor stop governments from bailing out big companies.)  If he wanted to send a political message, he could have picked some some poignant and unambiguous quote from some famous thinker.  Well, he didn't.  Did he delay the announcement until some major newspaper had a headline that more or less suited his political views? Or did he just glance at the newspaper that he had on his desk that morning?  Obviously we have very different probabilities for these two options, and it will be pointless to argue further about them...
 &gt; But it works. It works perfectly fine. 
It works fine as an experiment.  It works poorly as a payment system.


A lot of companies, including some pretty large ones have agreed to accept **dollars** from BitPay and Coinbase.  They do not "accept bitcoin", and don't endorse it. They just like the idea of getting a few more **dollars** in purchases, even if they come from the sale of bitcoins.


Address usage statistics show that there are less than 700'000 people who own 0.1 BTC (~33$) or more.  How much less, we do not know.  There are not "millions" of users.  Noone knwos whether that number is increasing.
For all we know, BitPay has been processing 1000-2000 payments per day this year, and much fewer in earlier years; so the total number of payments ever made through BitPay and the like (read: sales of bitcoins to pay for purchases with dollars) may perhaps reach a million.  How many distinct people did those purchases, we do not know.


I would really like to see predictions for the S&amp;P500 that were some 40 times the actual value, and differed from each other by a factor of 20 (that is, by 1900%).




No, that is not the reason.  I see that you cannot even guess what I am alluding to.  It is no big secret; but it is taboo for the bitcoin media and the pep talks at conferences.  


if you look carefully, you will see that those $300 million were not invested **in** bitcoin, or any venture that depended on the price going to the moon.  They were invested in companies that will make money from ordinary bitcoiners, whatever happens to the price. Some in fact will make **more** money if the price keeps falling.  The fact that the price is 330$ at the exchanges speak louder than all the nice words of those entrepreneurs together.
And the 5 billion figure (actually 4.35 billion now) is meaningless, because most of those coins were actually bought or mined for pennies, and cannot be sold without crashing the market.  Since bitcoins have no backing assets and pay no dividends, that "market cap" figure is **entirely** dependent on their owners finding other ~~suckers~~ optimistic investors who will buy them for 330$ each.  If for some reason those potential investors get the idea that 1 bitcoin is worth only 30$, those 5 billion will instantaneously become 500 million. 
And please do not change my words.  Read them again.  I think it is criminally wrong to sell bitcoin to people as a good investment -- not because "it is only an experiment" (which it is), but because its price is totally unpredictable.  If people want to use it for payments, it is their choice, and I don't (and shouldn't) care.  Only please do not try to claim that such use is significant and growing.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:44:13
The first auction of ~30'000 BTC was gobbled up by Tim Draper. Market price then was ~600--650 and he probably paid around that.
In the second auction of 50'000 BTC, Draper bid for only 2'000 and got them; the rest was bought by a syndicate of small bidders (average bid ~1000 BTC).  Price then was ~375$, and again it is likely that the winning bids were close to that.
It seems that the whales and big fish, who have money to spare, do not feel buying those coins that are for sale at 400$...
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:36:17
You do not need code to start trading your WalkingDeadCoin on an exchange.  Just find an open-minded exchange owner who is willing to carry the coin, and have him preload your account there with a couple million coins, on credit.
You need to start writing the code only when someone asks to withdraw some of his WalkingDeadCoins from the exchange.
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:00:35
He said **if bitcoin accounting was centralized** it could be run by a single server. He is pointing out the huge cost of decentralization (by Satoshi's method).  
Assuming the current volume of traffic on the blockchain (~500 transactions/block), if the miners were to be suported by transaction fees, instead of "inflation tax" (the block rewards), the fee would have to be 0.05 BTC = 20 dollars per transaction, on average.  How many would pay that much for decentralization? 
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:44:38
"If you find out that an employee is a bitcoin evangelist, would you fire him on the spot?"
@_date: 2014-12-31 08:39:10
PS. Note that **the** bitcoin blockchain has certain interesting properties, but **a** blockchain can be anything.
@_date: 2014-12-28 05:06:08
Merchants cannot deny refunds; customers are entitled to them by law in proper cases (the FTC even temporarily shut down Butterfly Labs because they were delaying or denying refunds). 
From the merchant's side, a payment in bitcoin via Bitpay or Coinbase is identical to a payment in dollars by bank transfer.  If they do not give discounts for the latter, they will not give for payment via bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:10:02
Seriously, don't you see that by pestering people you are mostly turning indifference into annoyance, or worse?
When bitcoin will be good, people will come to it.  Right now, no one -- not even the big gurus of bitcoin -- can explain why the price rallied in 2013, why it crashed in 2014, or why it should rally again in 2015.  How do you expect people to invest in it then? How can you even think of pushing it onto the people you love?
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:47:49
By my estimate, 90--95% of the traffic in the blockchain is "fake", that is, coins moving between addresses that belong to the same owner.  Fake traffic includes tumbling, hotwllet/coldwallet flow, consolidation of many small payments, transfers between wallets managed by different software, and perhaps transactions that are being generated by some supporter somewhere just to inflate the statistics.  (A Reuters article claims that most Blockchain.Info wallets are empty, which indirectly supports my estimate about the blockchain traffic.)
Currently, those fake transactions are free, because the cost of the network is not paid by those who move the coins, but by those who buy coins to save them.  When the network starts to demand fees to cover its costs, most of that fake traffic will disappear. To sustain the network as it is now, with fees paid by 10% of the current blockchain traffic, each transaction would have to pay 120 USD, on average.
If the fees were to be set to a percentage of the transaction's total output, then the miners would have to skim off the current cost of the network (~1.2 million USD/day) from 10% of todays daily volume (which is ~80 million USD/day now). So the fees would have to be about 1.2/8 = ~14%.
@_date: 2014-12-21 13:40:10
In case someone get confused, if "45% of Americans had credit cards stolen" it does not mean "45% of credit card payments are fraud".  The percentage of the latter is tiny (and smaller than the percentage of bitcoins that were permanently stolen).
Most people today have been using credit cards for all their adult life, meaning hundreds or thousands of payments.  If someone has the card stolen once in his life, he gets included in that statistic.
Just to keep things in perspective, MtGOX had something like 70'000 active customers when it went down.  That was ONE incident, and victimized ~10% of the bitcoin community -- the bulk of which had been using bitcoin for a couple of years at most.
@_date: 2014-12-19 02:17:06
Six confirmations is the most popular arbitrary number out there, it seems. :D 
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:38:45
How do you know?
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:37:17
OK, I will have to look into that method to see whether it can be foiled.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:41:57
Accoring to [this site]( on September 10th there were ~650'000 addresses containing at least 0.1 BTC (50$ at the time) .  Assuming that every "serious bitcoiner" owns at least one such address, that would be an upper bound to the number of "serious bitcoiners".  
@_date: 2014-12-23 14:48:05
Well, it is naive to think that open source will do that.  Open source software avoids *some* malware risks, but plenty still remain.
@_date: 2014-11-22 19:49:59
I do not have any personal involvement in the case, but FWIW: I believe that the court-appointed liquidator (Mr. Kobayashi) is still analyzing the mess and perhaps waiting for a police investigation.  He posted minimal information on the site   Former clients will have to file their claims by May 29, 2015,  but there are still no instructions and forms for doing so; he promised to provide them "at a later date, thanks for your patience".  Then the liquidator and the court will have to validate each claim, apparently by September 2015.  
It is not clear what criterion will be used to define each client's loss.  My guess is that the liquidator has no idea either.  Most likely, any remaining bitcoins will be auctioned, and the payouts will be in yen only.  The company assets cover only ~20% of the client account balances; so depending on how many clients file claims, and how they will be evaluated, those clients may get only a fraction of their accounts back.
Comments by former clients in the bitcointalk forum show considerable confusion, especially about what will constitute a claim; and general unwillingness to get competent advice, namely from a lawyer who understands Japanese bankruptcy law.  However, that forum may represent the state of mind of a tiny minority of clients only.  Presumably the larger clients have retained their own lawyers.
PS. The biggest unknown (which the former clients at bitcointalk apparently do not understand) is how the claims will be evaluated.  Many clients apparently assume that their claims are simply their  account balances at some date in early 2014.  However, the standard practice in cases like this (for example, in the Madoff ponzi bankruptcy) is to ignore the fictitious balances that the company was posting, and instead consider how much each client deposited, minus how much he has withdrawn.  So, for example, if a client deposited 100 bitcoins in October 2013 (when the price was 120$/BTC), withdrew 5 bitcoins in November 2013 (price 1000$/BTC) and had 500 BTC in his account when MtGOX folded, by this criterion his claim would be 100 x 120 - 5 x 1000 = 7000$; NOT 500 BTC.  It is not known whether this standard method will be used in MtGOX's case,  and apparently no one understood the issue enough to ask the liquidator about it.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:55:52
~~What would happen if each block had a transaction sending the same coins to different addresses?~~ Ignore, the poster assumes that there is no conflict.
@_date: 2014-12-20 04:03:40
I am sorry, I see that it is not the same address discussed in the other post and it is a completely different pattern of transactions.  Indeed I had seen this address listed in another forum as probably belonging to a "black hat hacker" who was swiping coins from weak BCI addresses.
If it did indeed collect 800 BTC, and those are all weak addresses, then the damage estimates for the BCI bug must be revised again. (The last one I saw claimed ~1000 BTC swiped, most of them by the "good hacker" or BCI itself, and less than 50 BTC by the "bad hackers". )
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:26:17
There may be also auditing complications; I am not sure, but I believe that some nonprofits need to record the identity of each donor and the US$ value of the donation, for legal reasons. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 13:41:16
Guess where bitcoin would have been on that chart...
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:36:15


And that is what I wrote!  **THE** blockchain is the bitcoin blockchain, defined by Satoshi's whitepaper, the qt implementation, and Satoshi's 2009-01-03 genesis block. It will continue to function as it does now, without any influence from Blockstream or the sidechains.
There is no definition of **A** blockchain.  Every altcoin that I know has something similar to the bitcoin blockchain, and its users call it **OUR** blockchain.  But a future sidechain does not have to be an altcoin, and could be organized any way its designers want.  
A sidechain may or may not have something that its users call "blockchain"; but that something could be a merkle tree, a MySQL database, or the sofa in BitPay's lounge.
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:53:52
The volume in dollars does not show growth.  So what is growing is the number of small-value transactions.  How small?
If some of the transactions are not payments, the growth seen on the chart may be all in these transactions.  If so, that is not "growth", it is "bloating".
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:47:18
It was the Federal Trade Comission (FTC) that intervened in the BFL case.  They are open to retail consumer complaints.  If they see a pattern of fraud  (like many customer complaints, or many cancelled CC/Paypal payments) they can open civil lawsuits and/or take over the management of the company until all claims are settled.  If they find evidence criminal fraud they may pass it to the FBI, IRS, and other appropriate agencies, I am not sure.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:43:58
OK, let me rephrase the question: are there ANY constraints on what the sidechain may do at all?  I gather that it is not even required to return the bitcoins to the blockchain.  It could even erase all its data, including the return keys, as soon as the coins are frozen in the blockchain.  Isn' t that so? 
Said in yet another way, If we replace the word 'sidechain'  by the word 'something' everywhere in the whitepaper, will there be any loss of information?
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:02:00
Those 5 kBTC chunks are probably entry forms, not bidders.  A syndicate that wanted to bid for many blocks at different prices would have to submit multiple forms, each form for 1 A block ad 1 B block = 5 kBTC.  The merging of those 5 kBTC blocks indicated that one syndicate took ~37 kBTC .
Not certain that the last 2 kBTC are Draper's. Mirror said that he bid through their syndicate, so he may be part of those 37 kBTC.
That last 2 kBTC that was awarded later than the other 10  is probably one bidder defaulted so the USMS called the next bidder. It seem to have gone to the syndicate too.
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:26:28
My understanding of that Wikipedia quote is that the fugure of 0.07 dollars for each 100 dollars paid via credit cards (0.07%) includes the cost of fighting fraud and merchant losses.  May seem too small, but the credit card volume is something like 7 **trillion** dollars per year.  So, that small percentage is about 5 billion dollars per year, which seem enough to pay for a small army of investigators and lawyers.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:58:02
If the merchant has a bitcoin address, why would he use Bitpay or Coinbase?  The only reason why those companies exist is to convert customer's bitcoins to dollars, for merchants that do *not* accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:54:30
I wrote "Tim Berners-Lee and the **WWW**", you replied "The **internet** was going to happen regardless of Tim."  Who is confusing the two?
@_date: 2014-12-01 12:57:31
Not really. National currencies have governments that try, within their resources and competence, to keep their value stable; and who will exchange the money in people's hands, without loss of value, when switching to a new currency (like marks and francs to euros).  That is why the purchasing power of currencies of wealthy, well-governed countries  generally varies only a few percent per year.
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:23:00
If people knew it would be stable for the next 6 years, many investors who are holding waiting for the next bubble would dump it, and the price would crash.  No, wait, ...
If people knew it would be stable for the next 6 years, demand would skyrocket as people would embrace it for medium-term store of value, salaries, purchases, remittances, etc., and the price would skyrocket too.  No, wait...
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:55:54


Trying to paint their critics as enemies of  "the industry as a whole".  Sorry, bad move.
@_date: 2014-12-05 01:41:56
Bitcoin lost 60% of its value, year-to-date.  It may reach new highs in the future, or it may drop to much lower prices and never recover.  Many will say they are quite sure of one or the other, but there is no logical way to tell; in reality, no one knows what are the odds of either.  Bitcoin is a neat technology feat, and an exciting form of gambling for short-term speculation, but a lousy investment.
You should invest your retirement money in lottery tickets.  The odds of winning and the expected return on investment are lousy too, but at least they can be computed.
@_date: 2014-12-29 07:11:07
Why would bitcoin lose 50% of the value after a change in the protocol that would have no visible effect on their holdings or earnings?  A shop has 100 BTC in their wallet, will still have 100 BTC after the deadline; if it needs to pay 20 BTC to each of its four employees, it will not pay 40BTC, even if it wanted to.   
There may be some ideologues who will consider any change in the reward schedule catastrophic and unacceptable, and dump their holdings at whatever price they get.  But the vast majority of users will not think so.  Inviolability of the protocol is not necessary for it to work as medium of payment or a medium-term store of value.  Satoshi's decision to halve the reward every 4 years was not based in any rigorous argument, it was just a rather arbitrary choice; he could have chosen halving every six years just as well. 
The possibility of future changes in the protocol  may cause some anxiety for very longterm investors; but that possibility is already there, so such investors should be anxious anyway.
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:59:20
Yes.  People do not seem to mind trusting all their data and mail to a global corporation that, being private, can spy and censor at will.  Why would they care about bitcoin, if they have PayPal and VISA etc.?
@_date: 2014-12-26 08:55:19
It seems that has decided to humiliate at its own game.
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:25:54
Just to stay in computing:
+ Practically every algorithm until recently (quicksort, Gauss LU, FFT, ...)
+ Don Knuth and TeX, Metafont; Leslie lamport and LaTeX
+ Xerox and Postscript, PDF, Ethernet
+ Stallman and EMACS, GCC
+ Tim Berners-Lee and the WWW
+ Linus Torvalds and the Linux Kernel
+ Thousands of people and all the free open GNU/Linux software
+ Jim Wales and Wikipedia
+ ...
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:55:30
It seems we are so far apart in our vision of the world and bitcoin that we won't get anywhere arguing.  
But, again, the purpose of this thread is not to debate whether bitcoin is good or bad, but find out what is preventing its widespread adoption.  The reasons I listed are not just my beliefs (which I got after looking at a lot of data and news, perhaps more than you have).  It seems that the vast majority of the people who do not care about bitcoin also believe in some or all of them.
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:13:27
PS. However beware that not even the Trezor is 100% safe.  You must be on guard for hidden cameras that may steal the PIN, fake malicious Trezors that may be sold by third parties or swapped for your device, fake myTrezor sites instructing you to do usafe things...
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:35:25
Well, if you try that with bank accounts, a bank investigator may easily spot the fraud and prove it in court.  It seems hard to do that with bitcoin addresses.
@_date: 2014-11-28 01:55:44
That is the idea.  The state does not want people to refuse the national currency and demand some other currency; that would depress the value of the national currency even further.  
You are aware however that, for the last year, bitcoin's inflation has been greater than that of Argentina, Ukraine, and Venezuela?
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:14:08
Bitcoiners should avoid mentioning "Prof Bitcorn" at this time.
If the price keeps going as it did this year, "Prof. Bitcorn" may soon be right about the value, wrong only about the timing; whereas ALL the "bitcoin experts", that were totally wrong for this year, will be even more wrong.   
Wait until the trend reverses, at least.  Then you may laugh  at the Prof...
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:27:22
This is the best idea I have seen in ages for how to make people stop ignoring bitcoin and positively hate it.  Carry on!
@_date: 2014-12-10 23:14:04
There is already SatoshiLabs (makers or Trezor), VaultOfSatoshi,  Nakamoto Institute, ... And the Bitcoin Foundation ...
@_date: 2014-12-23 12:06:22


Not true, check for example [these posts](


Not true.  Check the precautions you must take to protect your bitcoins from hackers.  You need an extra offline computer (or specialized hardware) just for starters.


Not true.  You cannot easily buy bitcoin if you are unbanked, you cannot easily convert them to cash, only very few merchants accept it...


Unfortunately there is no exchange where you can still buy bitcoin in mid-2013.  All the places I know of will only sell it in december 2014 or later.


The topic was 'investment'.  Only stupid investors will invest in a currency.  But, by the way, traditional money has governments who try to preserve its value; no one will do that for bitcoin.


But that is the point: when bitcoin will be superseded by BetterCoin, it will **not** be like the coming of the euro, or a mere hard fork.   




Oh, come on... 




And no one can tell what those transactions are. How much of the blockchain traffic is e-commerce?  My estimate (based on several clues) is less than 10%, and the percentage changes.  


Read again.  There are thousands of coins for sale at 350$, but those whales are NOT buying them.  Barry did not buy the 100'000 SMBIT BTC, he convinced other people to buy them.  Draper bought only 2000 BTC, when he could have bought 50'000 by paying a bit more.  Those whales obviously do **not** believe bitcoin will be worth even 600$ next year.


Sorry, not true.  The big idols and patrons of of bitcoiners are Charlie Shrem, ~~Mark Karpelès~~,  Ross Ulbricht, Roger Ver, Erik Vorhees, Peter Vessenes, Tony Gallippi, Amir Taaki, Brock Pierce, ~~Danny Brewster~~, ~~Sonny Vleisides~~, ~~Josh Zipkin~~, Josh Garza, Mikhail Mavrodi, ...  You want the public to trust an investment that is backed by such pillars of sanity and integrity? 8-P
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:35:16
If the private key is compromised, the thief can *immediately* empty the corresponding address, and with your proposal could also *immediately* sign a forwarding transaction sending all subsequent deposits to that address to his own address.
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:27:00
An unknown fraction of the transactions are coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person.  These include tumbling, hotwallet-coldwallet moves, bitcoin deposits and withdrawals at exchanges and gambling sites, etc..
Some of those transactions are excluded as "popular addresses", but it is not clear how these are defined; it may be a static list that is getting obsolete as time goes by.  (The blockchain.info charts apparently aren't being maintained, not even to fix well-known bugs.)
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:36:16
The point is that "the free market" is mostly Chinese amateur speculators who love bitcoin because it has more volatility than garlic, and you don't need to worry about grades, shipping, shelf life, etc.  
"Invest your life savings and the college money of your children in our bitcoin fund, and rest assured that its fate will depend only on the mood of an army of anonymous Chinese gamblers."  See why you won't find that article quoted in the bitcoin press?
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:22:48
As long as it is used for a means of exchange, its value will not be zero.
However it may be that, some years from now, the bitcoin community will consist of half a dozen dedicated computer researchers, two of them mining the coin in old laptops, who use the coin to pay beers to each other, thanks to a cooperating bartender.  Then a beer may cost 100'000 BTC, plus maybe 1000 BTC of transaction fee. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 10:20:20
Granted that day-trading is a form of gambling, but that site is not trading at all, is is just plain gambling.
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:21:59
See also [this thread].(
I know nothing about Japanese bankruptcy laws and precedents, but the most vocal of the MtGOX clients apparently know even less than I do.  They do not seem to know what are the important questions to ask, and how to ask them.
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:30:08
The 2014-11 bubble was due to the opening of the Mainland China market, when tens of thousands of amateur Chinese speculators discovered bitcoin and started trading it instead of commodities like tea bricks and garlick. They have been setting the price since then.
@_date: 2014-11-22 15:27:51




So, they did not describe a decentralized network, but did not assume a centralized one, either.  They did describe the use of public-key cryptography, which is one of the main ingredients of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-05 01:21:42
You can see what is believed to be the bitPay wallet here:
The "wallets" in that site are obtained by an algorithm that scans the blockchain and builds clusters addresses that seem to be controlled by the same person or company.  Therefore, there may be addresses that are controlled by BitPay but were left out of the "BitPay.com wallet".  On the other hand,  some famous BitPay transactions can be found in that "wallet", so it may be close to the truth.
According to that site and my counts, that wallet has been receiving 1000--1500 inputs per day, adding up to 500--1000 BTC per day.
The number of deposits per day increased ~10x during 2013, peaked to 2000-3000 deposits per day in the end of Nov/2013, then dropped a little, had a sharp peak in Mar/2014, and has been flat since Apr/2014, except for a strong weekly variation.
Strangely, the total BTC deposited per day in that "wallet" seem to have been quite unchanged, 500--1000 BTC per day, since Jan/2013 at least.  The variance is high but there is no obvious weekly variation.
There was a peak in the number of deposits -- 3200/day, nearly 2x normal -- on Black Friday (2014-11-27).  However, no such peak is visible on the number of BTC deposited per day.
One interpretation of that result is that there are two types of inputs to that wallet.  There is a stream of small transactions -- say, less than 0.1 BTC each -- that grew in 2013, varies with day of week, and had a peak on Black Friday.  Another stream has fewer inputs but with much larger amounts; these inputs are much rarer than those of the first stream,but dominate the BTC/day metric. This  second stream has been constant since Jan/2013 at least, and is insensitive to day of week or Back Friday.
I repeat, that site may be undercounting the inputs to BitPay, and my statistics may be buggy.  If you care, please consider these results as mere hints, and check them on your own.
@_date: 2014-12-30 05:28:52
Hm, seems you are right.  Random Google says that there are about 10^81 atoms in the universe, which is about 2^269.  But there are only 2^160 possible addresses.  So that is it: bitcoin is not scalable - SELL! 8-)
That number assumed 300 billion galaxies, so one plump galaxy would have 10^70 atoms, or 2^232.  Not enough even for that!
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:13:11
There are several ways to fake this test, e.g.:
+ They may have sold those coins to some investor, with the understanding that he would hold them in one lot; and at each "audit" he moves the coins, with the signed note that they provide;
+ They may have complicit clients (e.g. themselves) who are trading but are not in that list;
+ They may get "hacked" at any moment and then "sorry folks"
But if bitcoiners feel reassured, that is OK...
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:10:28


I insist, most "bitcoin accepting" merchants will not accept direct payment in bitcoins: if you want to buy from them, either you pay in dollars, or use a payment processor that will convert you bitcoins to dollars.
I am assuming that when you buy something with bitcoin, it is because you want/need that thing, not because you want to get rid of your bitcoins.  That may be the reason why we don seem to understand each other. 8-D
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:40:51
But can't a malicious user defeat that analysis simply by splitting his coins among many adddresses, and then using each address only once for each attack?  How could the analysis know which addresses in the past history belong to that customer?
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:12:22
IIRC, when it started SMBIT was promising some open market where clients could trade their shares with other investors. (Currently they can only sell the shares back to SMBIT, i.e. liquidate them.) The original date for this market to open was "no later than March 2014".  It seems to be a bit late...  Someone claimed that they are planning to trade on an exchange-like place called OTCQX.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:42:59
It is unlikely that it will go to really zero, but there is no hard bottom.  It could go back to the price (and adoption) it had in 2009 or 2010.  
* If there is a wave of pessimism, causing the holders to dump all they have in order to cash their profit before it is too late.
* If the US decides to ban it, even partially (see China).
* If something better comes along.
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:30:56
I could not watch the video, but the transcript I read is not bitcoin-friendly at all.  He sees "digital currency" taking over; not "bitcoin", not even "crypto-currency".  He is for strong Central Bank control of the economy.  And he considers credit cards a form of "digital currency".
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:17:16
The difficulty gets adjusted so that the average time for confirmation remains about 10 minutes, whatever the network hash rate.  However adjustments occur only once every two weeks (2016 blocks to be precise), so there may be variation within that time frame. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 12:22:06
You cannot expect the bitcoin media to write bad things about the companies that provide their revenue.  Only *after* a company collapses (and cannot pay for ads anymore) will they tell readers about its scams.
You won't read anything but praise of funds, exchanges, payment processors.  The bitcoin reporters will not tell you that [most bitcoin statistics are totally bogus]( They will not tell you [who are the people who set the price of bitcoin]( 
@_date: 2014-11-25 07:59:10
Sigh.  Precisely because miners are financially motivated, not ideologically motivated, it is quite possible that a majority cartel will want to use the power that they have to increase their revenue.
The price will not necessarily crash to zero if the protocol changes, just as the dollar does not crash to zero when the government bails out banks or prints extra money.  Suppose the cartel wants to keep the block reward at 25 BTC indefinitely.  Would that cause users to jump ship?  Only ideologues care about the inviolability of the protocol.  The day traders who set the price will not care. People who use it for payments will not care.  Long-term investors may be scared, but they will continue holding as long as the current price stays well above their investment price.  Depending on the change, the effect on price may even be positive; e.g. the change could prevent a drastic reduction of the network's capacity.
Miners in a pool that is part of the cartel will have to choose between staying with the cartel, and support the protocol change (which presumably means more revenue for them too), or deserting and keep mining the "orthodox" fork, and then risk having their blocks orphaned and/or their rewards frozen by the cartel.
As for Ghash.io, they may simply have split the pool into 2-3 pools that appear to be independent, but in fact are still owned by the same group.
@_date: 2014-12-01 16:03:04
The merchant can still write down the credit card data and charge it. No such recourse with bitcoin.  Moreover, bitcoin is not legal tender; the business has no obligation to accept it.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:38:05
Another important difference is the kind of people who were "selling" bitcoin and those who are still ok with traditional money. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:32:56
Centraization in current voting systems comes in two points:  manufacture of voting machine equipment, and the totalization of votes. 
The first point is satisfactorily solved by voter-verified paper trail (VVPT) provisions.  Namely, besides the digital record of the vote, the poll site must collect a material record (e.g. an optical scanner form, or a printed ballot) that cannot be altered by the machines after the voter has inspected it.  The paper record and the digital record complement each other, so a centralized fraud becomes extremely difficult to carry out.
The second point is addressed by delivering copies of the voting site reports to interested parties,  and publishing them in the totalization center.  That way anyone can check that the site totals have been correctly added.
Digital-only voting systems are inherently insecure and cannot be trusted, whatever the technology.  systems that allow the voter to vote from home are also unacceptable because it is impossible to prevent snooping, coercion, and proxy voting.
Using the bitcoin blockchain to "secure" such a system is a terribly expensive and complicated solution to the part of the problem that is not a problem, in order to create a much bigger problem.
A voting system must be more than secure: it must be simple enough so that everyone can trust that it is secure.   Paper-only and VVPT-enhanced digital voting can be understood by everybody; they are trustable and  *distributed*.  A blockchain-based system would never be either.
@_date: 2014-11-13 05:44:24
Did he say the fund was going to trade bitcoin?  
Could he mean simply that the fund has licensed OKCoin's trading engine and/or is using their servers to trade the *fund's shares* (not crypto)?
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:49:05
Sorry, but the articles that I have read were quite bad English (mine is not that good either), and I wonder whether they correctly translated the original meanings.  What is your first language? Do you read Chinese, or do you use a translator like Google's or Bing's, and then edit the result?
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:17:48
Will we have a Neo &amp; Bee 2.0 after that? 8-P
@_date: 2014-11-29 07:48:00
What is the age bracket for being allowed to play that game?  9 to 12 years old? 6 to 8?
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:52:15
Pencils and hammers have positive uses. Cocaine doesn't.
Supermarkets are moderately responsible for alchool addiction to the extent that they exploit it, or even encourage it a bit. But they refuse to sell to minors, and alchool addiction affects only a small portion of consumers, so the market's profit does not depend on it. More importantly, supermarkets don't actively push youngsters into drinking until they are addicted, and then push them to stealing in order to pay for alchool.
On the other hand, the media that carries advertising for alchoolic beverages has no such excuses and is not better than cocaine dealers, IMHO.  Ditto for those drug apologists who try to paint drug consumption as cool or noble thing, even a fight for freedom or whatever.
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:51:52
He mentions USPS "one tariff for all destinations" as an analogy. That is not relevant.  Net neutrality has to do with discrimination by contents of packets, not distance, nor quality of service.  On the internet, discrimination by distance and QoS is impractical because of the complexity of routing, virtual networks, etc. The correct analogy would be: the USPS charges the same postage to send a letter to the same place, with same weight and priority, no matter what is inside it.  
I did not have the patience to listen to that long presentation.  But from the tone it started I suspect that it coudl be summarized as: "The telcos are right and we should let them have their way."
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:36:47
Litecoins have all the properties of bitcoin, except a higher block rate and non-wasteful mining.  What are they missing, exactly?
Just for the sake of argument, even vintage baseball cards have a fixed supply and cannot be counterfeited. (There are tests that would reveal counterfeiting of an old baseball card and would be impossible to fake).  Being material, they are a bit more cumbersome to transfer across borders; but what is a plane flight if you are transferring a billion dollars?  The ability to *instantaneously* transfer such huge sums is more a disadvantage than an advantage.
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:18:46
This method makes double-spends far more difficult, but not impossible.  (If it was guaranteed to work, then there would be no need for the mining network.)  For one thing, hackers could manipulate BitPay's internet connection so that BitPay does not see the second transaction request, while the majority of the miners see it and include it in the chain.
The bitcoin protocol does not guarantee (and does not assume) that all nodes will see every transaction request in a bounded amount of time, or that the requests will be received and processed in the order they are issued.
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:57:50
That's a better idea... People may even appreciate the magnets.
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:18:51
This new version looks gorgeous... but quite unreadable.  The human eye-brain cannot compare colors for brightness nor (to some extent) for saturation unless they are right next to each other.  If readers have to match colors on a chart with colors on a key, they must have distinct hues, or VERY different saturations. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 05:45:59
There is also "sodl" (supposed to be the opposite of "hodl"), "cut your looses" (for "losses"),  "CCMF", etc.
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:19:16
Thanks for repeating just what I wrote.
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:18:08
There are web archives that will save the old claims on their webpages, and if there are many similar complainst by customers the court may be convinced even without hard evidence.
@_date: 2014-12-21 18:32:06
Well, the money people keep in bank accounts, investment funds (even gold funds), stocks etc. is only a bunch of database entries, too.
But eventually those database entries decide who gets to drive a Lamborghini, and who loses their only home.  For that reason governments over time have come to regulate those database entries -- because it is the government, ultimately, who has to chase and arrest anyone who tries to steal that Lamborghini from its legal owner, and has to kick the owner out of his repossessed home.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:24:40
My guess for what happened at MtGOx is that those ~700 kBTC that are missing were taken from the client accounts by the management (or bought from them with make-believe dollars) and sold at the Chinese exchanges, during the 2013 buuble(s).  If so, those coins are now in the hands of thousands of Chinese investors and speculators.  I further believe that these Chinese bitcoiners are getting disenchnated with bitcoin (which they cannot use for anything but day-trading) and are gradually dumping them. That, I think, is the main reason the price has gone down so much since January.   
So, in fact, the MtGOX stolen coins *have* been hitting the market.
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:08:33
Actually, there are enough blockchain addresses that we could assign one to each atom in the universe, and still have plenty left over for neutrinos and other stuff. 
You want to show your appreciation for that selenium atom on that chitin molecule on Beyoncé's left toenail?  Just send some bits to 1bogU5addresSwhat237t437jsboinK.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:11:36
So you are basically modeling the bitcoin price as P(x) = A*x^3 where x is the time since Genesis (Jan 03, 2009).  Apart from some hefty swings...
How come the curve fits the early data (Nov--dec 2010) and ignores the huge spike in early 2011?  What method did you use to fit? Least Squares, or something fancier?
@_date: 2014-04-23 02:52:02
Hm, it seems that the problem is: "how can we stick bitcoin somehow into the election process?"
@_date: 2014-11-21 16:43:39
I insist, "votes being lost" in the totalization is not a real problem, because that part is public.  The problem is fraud in vote capture and counting at each station, *if one uses digital-only equipment*; that is solved with VVPT, cannot be solved by crypto alone.
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:09:40
Perhaps because most of the people who pester those sites with requests to "accept bitcoin" are not people who want to contribute to them and have no other way except bitcoin. They are usually bitcoiners who want those sites to provide free publicity to the coin.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:29:36
OK, but look at the 2 year chart...
@_date: 2014-12-31 18:27:34


And I fully agree with that!  Except that all those things are already possible, and will continue to be possible, in exactly the same way, without the 'sidechains project'.  


But other sources say that this constraint is trivial and does not require any change to the bitcoin protocol.  To export bitcoins to a sidechain, some bitcoin owner must issue a transaction that moves some of his coins to an address that is supposedly owned by the sidechain.  To return those coins, the sidechain has only to issue a transaction that moves those coins to some other address, and of course provide the cryptographic proof (signature) that it is the owner of its address.  The bitcoin protocol does not have to know what the sidechain does with those coins, and how it gets the key to sign the return transaction.  In fact it does not need to know whether a transaction is a 'sidechain import' op, a 'sidechain return' op, or an ordinary bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:03:06
What is missing from that table is the amount of *actual* losses per card holder (after refunds by the CC company), and the total amount of fraudulent payments as a percentage of total payments.  From Wikipedia:


That is 0.07 percent.  There does not seem to be a comparable statistic for bitcoin (we can't expect the bitcoin press or bitcoin experts to collect those numbers, can we) but the MtGOX collapse alone stole 5% of all the existing bitcoins at the time.  They were worth 500 million dollars, which is comparable to the most optimistic estimates of the total payments processed by Bitpay and other processors in 2014...
@_date: 2014-12-18 15:40:14
AFAIK, there are two very distinct things that go by the name "Ripple":
There is "the Ripple network" or "Ripple technology" or "Ripple protocol", a network and protocol that is being developed by Ripple Labs for banks, that would enable them to do fast and safe interbank settlements in arbitrary currencies, such as EUR, USD, RUB, BTC, etc..  Unlike the bitcoin network, the Ripple network will be centrally managed, and will not be acessible for general use.
There is also the "Ripple coin" or "Ripple the currency" (XRP), a cryptocurrency also developed by Ripple Labs.   Unlike bitcoin and other popular cryptocurrencies, XRP is centrally managed by Ripple Labs.  It could be used in the Ripple network like any other currency, and was intended to serve as an intermediate "bridging" currency to achieve conversion between two currencies that are not directly exchangeable.  However, that role could be served by any other major currency such as USD or EUR.  Actually XRP it is not an essential part of the Riple network.  Therefore, adoption of the Ripple network by banks does not imply valuation of XRP, not even its survival.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:05:55
The fees will probably include both components, flat (per transaction) and proportional (per BTC).
A purely flat fee would indeed discourage small payments, but that is bad because those payments would comprise a lot of the potential volume, and they would move to other forms of payment, lowering the miners revenue.
In particular, many of those small transactions will move to enterprises that, for a fee, lump many small transactions into larger ones, that are then processed in the blockchain.  (I understand that the sidechains proposals are basically implementations of such services.)  That would happen also to banks or Western Union, if they charged only a flat fee per transaction.  Now, why would the banks let others earn fees that they could collect themselves?  Especially in the case of bitcoin, where the mining cost is largely independent of the number of transactions per block.
@_date: 2014-11-23 06:18:02
Basic question from one who has never used WU: when someone sends money to you via Western Union, you just go to their outlet with an ID, and walk out with the money, is that right?  What are their working hours like?  How many outlets do they have?  What is the max amount you can send?
@_date: 2014-11-28 03:26:38
Put some bitcoins into a blockchain.info wallet and post the private key and all required passwords here.  Someone will soon give you a practical demonstration.
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:43:07
If they "accept bitcoin" through a Bitpay-like service, they cannot accept bitcoins when their website is down.
@_date: 2014-11-26 07:15:05
Forgive me for the comparison, but you are trying to suggest to the surgeon what you think is the best way to perform your liver transplant.  Or sending a note to the airline's pilot to let him know which airport you would like to land at.
It is OK to mis-trust the trustee, but if you want to have any influence in the matter you should talk to a lawyer to know what can and cannot be done, and let the lawyer talk to him. (Just as, if you do not trust the surgeon, you should talk to your trusted doctor, and let him talk to the surgeon.)
The goal of the bankruptcy process is to try to repair people's *losses* in the fairest possible way.  If the client deposited 10 coins in 2010, when the price was 5 dollars (say), he lost 50$.  AFAIK, the court will not try to give each client the *profits* that MtGOX  claimed he had made, namely the final account balance.  Moreover, since it was the client's decision to leave those 10 coins at MtGOX, the court will probably not consider the profit that he *could* have made if he had kept the coins in his wallet and sold them in 2013 for 10'000$.  
But, again, it is a waste of time to discuss what we think is fair or unfair.  You must check first what the laws and precedents say, and whether you have any options; and only a lawyer can tell you that.
It is very likely that there are laws that require the claims to be paid in yen, the legal currency in Japan.  There are also practical accounting reasons to do so, due to the highly variable price of bitcoins.  
Even though there are no previous cases with bitcoins, there must be cases where people deposited some thing with highly variable price (say, Argentinian pesos, oil, soybeans) at different times, into a company that went bankrupt.  Such cases would be precedents for this one.  
@_date: 2014-11-26 14:19:58




Erm, that means...


@_date: 2014-11-24 17:33:22
My guess is that the same-owner transactions are 90% or more of the traffic.  That would explain why the total USD traffic has not grown over the last year: the meaningful traffic is buried by the meaningless one.
Recently, BFL watchers noticed that a large amount X of bitcoins (tens of thousands), that were lying in one address associated with the company, were moved out over a period of 2 hours.  The coins were split into several addresses and each lot was moved several times to new addresses; which looked like someone was trying to (clumsily) erase the tracks.  So, that event alone generated perhaps 4*X BTC of traffic on the blockchain -- all "meaningless".
@_date: 2014-12-31 14:24:32
Sure (although any project, no matter how stupid, will always find some believers willing to put money into it).  But the point is that a *secure* sidechain *cannot* use a protocol that is compatible with the bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:43:08
I am not sure whether it is significant, but it costs more energy to send information between chips than between parts of the same chip.  So, more hashing units in the same chip means more hashes per joule, hence more profits.  
But the economies of scale I was referring to are more general.  You need to hire someone to watch the mining farm at night, so if your farm is twice as big, that expense is half as much, percentwise.  If you need 100 large UPS, you will probably will get a better price from the manufacturer than if you bought just 10.  If you need 10'000 mining rigs, the manufacturer may set up an assembly line just for you, and deliver ahead of other customers.  And so on. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:57:16
Insist, they did ban its use in e-commerce.  Prices cannot be quoted in bitcoin, and bitcoins cannot be sold through their e-Bay equivalent.  Exchanges still can operate, but, last time I checked, traders had to use roundabout means to get money into them.
Moreover, BTC_China is in Shanghai, which, as a Special Economic Zone, has somewhat looser regulations on financial services.  Bitfinex and ANX are in Hong Kong, with even looser controls.  Huobi and OKCoin are in Beijing and they are more restricted.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:59:20
Sigh.  Good to see that the reporters have read again their sources, and no longer claim these two news items are positive for bitcoin.  But they still miss the point, in both cases.
In the transcribed comments of the Russian Ministry of Economic Development, there is nothing that suggests warm feelings towards cryptocurrencies.  MoED only expresses concerns about merchant points and other digital "money" issued by domestic companies.  He does not oppose the MoF decree, only wants it modified so that those items are excluded from the ban.  What would then remain banned in the corrected decree?  Guess what.
Rajan's statements are not warm about cryptocurrencies, either.  He does predict that India will switch to cashless payments in 10 to 20 years, and does say that crypto has some aspects that are interesting, some that are worrisome.  But he explicitly criticizes bitcoin for high volatility and risk of loss; which apply to all crypto as well.  Elsewhere he says that Central Bank must be able to control the money supply -- which means, no to  bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:35:30
To avoid rambling: you need net neutrality to "encrypt everythng".  Otherwise the ISPs will reject/throttle/overcharge any packets that they cannot parse.  
Telecomms and their shills are trying to confuse the people by telling them that net neutrality is against the free market.  In fact, it is *essential* for a free market of internet services.  Don't be fooled.
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:02:18
The government's monopoly on money issuance is not without reason.  The entity that issues a currency can appropriate enormous amounts of wealth from the people who use it.
When that entity is the government, the wealth so acquired is supposed to be used for the benefit of the people. (Whether it actually is, is a separate issue.) It is essentially just another tax, on the holding of their currency
When the issuer is a private entity or group, the wealth taken from the currency users goes to the pockets of the issuer.
Hence, most people tolerate the issuance of money by their government (just as they tolerate taxes), but approve when the government stamps out private currencies.
I am surprised that the US did not stamp out bitcoin yet, as it did with the Liberty Dollar. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:36:25
Why didn't I think of that before! Thanks!!!
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:36:30
However, when fees become mandatory and significant, there will be a drastic reduction of the blockchain traffic, perhaps by 90% or more.  People will also start to use bitcoin "banks" like Coinbase etc. to send bitcoins to other people without having to pay for a blockchain transaction.
@_date: 2014-12-01 18:36:10
Yes. And the Chinese exchanges were clearly leading the rally:
[Smoothed BTC prices at various exchanges, 2013-06-01 to 2014-03-31](
@_date: 2014-11-18 11:31:20
Honest miner succeeds mining a block N+1 that includes low-fee transactions, before the cartel does so. Cartel ignores it and mines his own block N+1 without those transactions; and continues extending their chain (in public, doesn't matter) from that block.  Soon the cartel's chain gets longer than the honest miners chain, and all the blocks of the latter are discarded. 
A 51% cartel can prevent any competing miner from spending his mined coins, in the same way.  
@_date: 2014-12-27 06:00:44
That wallet is labeled "MtGoxAndOthers"; it seems to be a huge cluster of addresses, and pops up everywhere.  It is probably a bug in their algorithm (the "AndOthers" means that they are aware of the problem).  
I see that it is a vanity address.  If you obtained it from  some web service, they may have kept a copy of your private key.  Have you noticed any suspicious withdrawal from it?  You should check [all transactions out of that address]( (not of that wallet), look for transactions with more than one input address, and check those other addresses.  If I guessed right about that site's algorithms, one of those transactions should have been responsible for   your address being added to the [MtGoxAndOthers] wallet.
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:50:41
OK, forget baseball cards if you will (although none of those properties of gold that you cite are really *essential* for a medium of exchange; they only make gold be a better choice than some other stuff).  What about Litecoin?
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:52:32
I suggest "BlockHead" as a replacement name. ;-)
@_date: 2014-12-04 02:55:39
I don't think so, AFAIK it is not decided yet whether the bitcoins will be returned as such or in yen, nor whether Kraken will be the intermediary.  But it could be a consolidation or reshuffle of the coins between addresses controlled by the trustee.
(Kraken and some former clients have already decided that they want the bitcoins to be retrned as BTC through Kraken accounts, proportionally to the MtGOX balances; but their wishes are not horses.  The judge will decide, according to the law and precedent; the trustee is an "employee" of the judge, not of the creditors; and neither is required to heed the wishes of the creditors.)
@_date: 2014-11-25 20:03:31
Another great idea! There are still six billion people out there who do not have a reason to hate bitcoin yet.  Every little thing helps!...
@_date: 2014-11-22 18:30:40
At the present transaction rate (~500 per block) and network cost (on the order of 25 BTC per block), the  average transaction fee would have to be 0.05 BTC = ~18 USD to provide the same revenue to miners.
As a percentage of the transaction volume, the numbers are more reasonable: ~150'000 BTC/day of total transaction outputs (excluding estimated changebacks), 3600 BTC/day of block rewards, meaning a 2.4% fee on transaction output amount would be enough.
However, all those numbers are expected to change a lot by the time miners become dependent primarily on fees.  The volume, in particular, is expected to increase a lot; so that a much smaller percentage of the transaction output amount would provide the same revenue to miners as block rewards do today.
On the other hand, the fees will be charged on all transactions, even those that move coins between addresses owned by the same person -- such as tumbling, hotwallet-coldwallet transfers, exchange withdrawals and deposits, or moving coins to a new address when one suspects that the old key could have been stolen.  Presently, most transactions on the blockchain (accounting perhaps  for 90% of the volume or more) seem to be "fake" in this sense.  When fees become mandatory, most of those "fake" transactions will probably disappear, so the miner's revenue would have to be collected from a much smaller set of "actual" transactions.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:48:51
Never mind... 8-)
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:19:20
Doesn't work, the claimant may have got the keys of address (a) from a friend (or bought them for a few bucks in some black market) after the coins were already removed.
No way to prove (b) that I can think of.
@_date: 2014-12-26 12:55:40


I don't know the legislation on gift cards (if there is one).  However the above seems wrong.  The store gets real money from the customer when it sells a gift card, but does not have to deliver any merchandise unless and until the card is spent.  
So if the card has an expiration date, at that time the store will have nearly 100% profit on the card sale.
Even if the card does not have an expiration date, the store can invest that money until the card is redeemed, and keep any profit yielded by the investment.  Even an investment that returns less than the dollar inflation will make the gift card better than a direct sale.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:27:08
You mean "while *pretending* that I am not converting to fiat".
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:30:09
Net neutrality is not about having just one category of service and one tariff for everybody.  A site that can pay for extra connections to the internet will have faster response, anyway.  The USPS offers several services with different speeds at different costs, but it is still neutral because it does not discriminate senders and receivers, as long as they pay the proper tariffs.
Net neutrality is about *the companies that provide your access to the internet and carry the packets you send or receive* should not discriminate according to the *contents or the destination* of the packets.  E.g., a company blocking  all VOIP packets except Skype's, or all video straming except Netflix.
In principle, a neutral net coul have "express packets" and "ordinary packets", and charge differently for each type.  (There is even a bit in the packet header that was reserved for that purpose.)  As long as they offered that option to all customers and content providers, with same prices and service, net neutrality would still be preserved.  But that is not what the telcos want; they want to have control of what customers can and cannot access, to charge monopoly prices for contents, instead of free market prices.  
TL-DR: The Telcos are against net neutrality because it keeps the market of internet services a free market.
EDIT: the "express" bit in the header has never been used, presumably because the telcos cannot guarantee that an "express" packet will travel faster than an ordinary one.  Clients would not like to pay for a privilege that they cannot even tell whether it was granted or not.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:36:26
To the people scoffing at that video: if a "51% attack" cannot happen, then why are serious bitcoiners and developers worried about it?  Indeed, why is it called an "attack"?
@_date: 2014-11-21 17:00:11
Having privacy-secured voting as an option will not do.  If your employer or local mafia boss wants to force you to vote in a certain way, he will force you to skip that option.  Secret voting must be mandatory for everybody.  Election authorities with brains inside their skulls prohibit people from taking cellphones and cameras into the voting booth, for that reason.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:29:23


If you are just a random redditor, that is quite a coincidence.
If you are a shill, you slipped there.  Minus 10 points.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:48:05
OK, but for a honest comparison one should consider the whole system, not just an arbitrary part of it.  If Joe Customer has dollars on hand or in the bank, and is considering paying a 100 dollar purchase with bitcoin or with paypal + credit card, what is the expected amount that he will lose in addition to those 100$ (including fees and losses due to criminal actions, such as fraud inside the payment processors, stolen key data, collapse of intermdeiaries, etc)? 
@_date: 2014-12-29 00:45:29
Good luck with that...
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:26:23
For example, a foreign power using bitcoin to finance espionage, sabotage, street violence, terrorism...
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:20:08
One question that I have never seen answered is how the claims are to be computed.
Many clients seem to assume that the amount they can claim is simply the BTC and currency balances in their MtGOX account, when the site closed or at some earlier date.  
However, some people have claimed that the standard procedure in such cases is to ignore the balances (which are fictitious anyway, since they are the result of trading coins and money that did not exist), and define the client's claim instead as being only the amounts deposited minus the amounts withdrawn, summed over all time, converting BTC to JPY by the market price at the moment of deposit or withdrawal.
Obviously the two methods will give very different results.  Was there any information about which one will be followed by Mr. Kobayashi? 
@_date: 2014-11-17 02:35:17
No, it is halves, actually.  Think about it.
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:01:28
Actually Stonehenge was the headquarters of the Neolithic Britain Reserve Bank, and those stones were being readied to be shipped north to bail out the Royal Neolithic Bank of Scotland when someone invented gold and the whole fiat stone based financial system collapsed.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:13:06
I have no idea.
If I were the SEC I would throw the application into the trashcan without thinking so much.  The SEC was created precisely to prevent the sale to the general public of risky investments without backing assets.  However, one thing that I do not understand about bitcoin is why the US government is so friendly towards it.  So, maybe the SEC will approve it after all.
@_date: 2014-11-29 01:05:02
Do bitcoiners expect people who are not computer experts to know that?
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:21:45
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:32:35
I insist: if a thief steals the private key, **he** can issue the forwarding order to his own address.  Even if the legit owner can revoke that forwarding and forward to another address, the thief can immediately revoke it again and restore his forwarding, forever.
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:29:10
The arithmetic is not very meaningful.  Visa's market cap is not the value of the money that Visa handles, it is the number of shares of the company times the market price of one share. It should correspond to the value of Visa's assets (buildings, servers, terminals, workforce, customer base, brands, etc.), and the profits that Visa is expected to make from their service in coming years, which will be paid to the stockholders as dividends.  
What is usually called "Bitcoin's market cap" is the number of bitcoins already created, times the market price of one bitcoin.  However, bitcoins are not shares of the bitcoin network, and do not pay dividends, so that "market cap" has nothing to do with the value of the network, nor with its expected profits.  
Therefore, the market price of a bitcoin depends entirely (and circularly) on the expectation that traders have about its future price.  That is why the price is so volatile and unpredictable.
Moreover, only a small fraction of the existing bitcoins are being traded on the exchanges. So, if all the existing bitcoins were put to sale in the same month (say), the price would plummet, and the total sale price would be only a fraction of that "market cap".
@_date: 2014-12-01 16:17:16
Actually it *can* be hijacked if the 3-4 largest mining enterprises decide to form a cartel.  They would have more than half of the mining power, and then they can do some unpleasant things to the blockchain, if they see sufficient profit in that.
@_date: 2014-12-25 11:09:16
Dear I see that is really useless to discuss further.  It seems that we live in different planets, and use different logic.  Almost all of your arguments come out as nonsense to me, and your "facts" as wishful imagination.  Fare well...
Just two things: (1) you cannot just take what companies like BitPay say and give it the best possible reading. For example, [**here**]( is some data about their processing volume, which seems reasonably accurate according to a couple of other sources.  It seems indeed to be the case that only a handful of customers are responsible for that 1 million USD/day volume in May (that has been varying together with the USD price, and therefore falling since January).
(2) Since Nov/2013, if not since Mar/2013, **The price of bitcoin is defined in China**, specifically by [**these guys**](  The price went form ~120$ (or perhaps from ~15$) to 1200$ only because of them.  The price crashed in December because of **them**, it has been falling since January because **they** are losing interest in bitcoin.  Whether the price will stay at 320$, or will drop even further, or will go back up -- for the time being, it depends entirely on them.
Needless to say, this is not a fact that bitcoin evangelists will readily admit.  How many people would invest their savings in your bitcoin fund, if you told them that the future value of your shares depends on the mood of an army of anonymous amateur Chinese garlic traders?  How can you convince them that there will be another 1000% bubble "soon", if you told them that the last one was due to the opening of the Mainland Chinese market, and that another 10x bubble would require "only" a new market 10x bigger than that one?
@_date: 2014-12-26 23:12:29
I don't think it makes much difference for the price itself.  It improves liquidity, because the traders (mostly robots now, it seems) can work with very small spreads and trade many more times per day.  
To me, it is pretty obvious that the Chinese traders define the price, and the "Western" exchanges are just dragged along by arbitragers.  That is not so much because the Chinese exchanges have a lot more volume, but because the Chinese traders still have a large amount of coins that they bought during the Nov/2013 bubble, and which they have no other use for, except day-trading.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:40:06
I have explained already.  Trying again:
A bar that "accepts visa" can accept pament through visa whether the terminal is working or not, because when the owner signs up with visa they give him the slips, tools, and instructions to use in that case.
A bar that "accepts bitcoin" (though BitPagos) has no way to accept bitcoin if it cannot conect to BitPagos, because when the owner signed up with BitPagos they told him that all he had to do was to insert some javascript button on his webpage or POS terminal, and when the customer did his thing BitPagos would flash a "BILL PAID" message on the screen and the dollars would be in his bank account the next day, without him having to understand or handle the bitcoins.  So, if the connection is down, he must request the payment in pesos (or credt card), because that is the only way he can get the money he is due.
Legal tender enters there: if the customer wants to pay in pesos, the law says that the bartender cannot refuse, nor demand payment with visa, gold, euros, or bitcoins.  If the customer wants to pay in bitcoins, euros, or gold, the law says that the owner has the right to refuse and demand payment in pesos.  In both cases, the law may be voided if the two have signed a contract that says otherwise.  If the client wants to pay with visa, the owner probably must accept, by the contract he signed with visa.
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:23:10
The NSA must be having orgasms at the thought of all the money transactions in the world being laid out on a single public ledger, especially those of people who want to avoid scrutiny by banks.  It is infinitely better than having to get warrants to (or hack into) thousands of independent banks, some in tech-savy unfriendly nations.  They do have enough resources to trace all transactions and identify the owners of most addresses.  Bitcoin is also great to finance corruption, sabotage and terrorism in those unfriendly nations, straight through the barriers set up by their police and banks.
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:48:47
I see that the bitcoin community is still at the "laugh at us" stage, now going to the "try to stop us" --- by downvoting us skeptics on reddit and demanding that we be banned from bitcointalk... ;-)
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:44:44
A typical situation I think this could be useful is: your laptop got stolen and you had an unencrypted or weakly encrypted copy of your wallet in it.  Then you could issue irrevocable forwarding for those addresses hoping that thieves have not cracked the wallet yet.
I don't see the problem with "address farming". Even if someone issues preemptive forwards for trillions of addresses, the probablility that someone else will use any of them is practically zero.
@_date: 2014-12-26 22:23:10
Someone in this subreddit complained recently of two copies of the Bitcoin x WerternUnion sticker being embedded in the blockchain.
I have seen claims that spam will not be a problem since it costs money (as fees) to insert it.  However, if one has some BTC that cannot be profitably spent or sold because it is tainted (e.g.was stolen, or drugs were paid out from that same address), then why not use it to pay for spam or other blockchain vandalism?
Graffiti on the blockchain are particularly rewarding to the vandal's ego because they cannot be "painted over", ever.
What would happen if some jerk embeds a picture of Mickey Mouse in the blockchain?  Will Disney get the blockchain taken down with a DCMA notice?
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:28:15
This webpage is claimed to show the traffic in BitPay's receiving wallet, as extracted from the blockchain:  
Browsing through it, I would guess that they processed about 5000 payments on 2014-11-28, worth some 500'000 USD in total.
This is a very rough estimate; perhaps someone will have the patience to add up the exact amount, and compare it to typical days and to last year's Black Friday.
Beware that the site uses a heuristic method to identify the blockchain addresses that belong to BitPay. It is possible that BitPay has other addresses that are not included in that list.
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:53:02
Many years ago, some pranksters were dialing random telephone numbers, explaining that they were the phone company and needed the user's cooperation for a test: could he please fill a bucket with water and drop the phone set into it?  Many did... 
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:30:27
I don't know if it is relevant, but the Chinese futures exchanges explained a month or so ago that they traditionally count each trade as two trades, one at each end, so the reported futures volume is twice what one would think it should be.
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:29:09
The distribution seems to be increasing at first, but that may be an illusion; there were much fewer coins then.  Note that the vertical scale is percentages relative to the total number of coins, whereas the divisions are in absolute numbers of coins.  It would be nice to see a similar chart where the intervals too are relative. (E.g, "number of addresses whose individual balances are between X% and 10*X% of all coins at the time", for X = 10%, 1%, 0.1%, etc.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:38:13
Yes, I saw this now.  In that case, the heuristic presumably used by that Czech site will incorrectly merge the two wallets into one.  That huge "MtGoxAndOthers" estimated wallet probably includes most or all of the addresses that were used with CoinJoin; and that must be how the 1Rassah address got in there.
@_date: 2014-12-24 02:33:56


Perhaps. What I was thinking is: a malicious transaction signing software in the isolated PC could stick (pieces of) the private key in place of the signature.  Even if the live PC is totally clean, suppose it broadcasts the transaction request without checking its signature (are there wallet apps that do that?). The network will reject the transaction, because the signature will not check; but the thief would be able to see the leaked key.  Note that, in this case, there would not be any traceable communication from the victim's computer to the thief.
Of course, if both PCs are compromised, there are simpler ways for the isolated PC to leak the keys to the live PC.
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:41:25
A concept is meaningful only if it is possible to tell that something is *not* it.
When I read the sidechains whitepaper, a few months ago, I searched in vain for a definition of sidechain that would let me conclude that something was *not* a sidechain.  I could not see why Litecoin was not a sidechain of Bitcoin, for example.  Or why Bitstamp was not a sidechain.  Or why the sofa in Bitstamp's lounge was not a sidechain.
Did they fix this philosophical fault already? 
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:53:28
A 51% miner can do a bit more than that.  But the Consensus if that it can't, no use arguing otherwise, sigh...
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:36:27


I am not sure that I understand your point either.  I am trying to say that each miner may decide that he will only assemble and try to mine 500 MB blocks; but even so he cannot reject or ignore 1 MB blocks mined by others, because he must mine his own on top of the last block in the chain, even if its size is greater than 500 kB.
Perhaps you mean that he does not need to load the entire 1 MB parent block, just its header? 


No, I meant that, *if the protocol did not specify a hard block size limit*, a single rogue miner could issue a valid block so big that it would crash many players with limited resources.  Without a hard limit, those players would not have the option to ignore a block for being "too big", but woudl not be able to work with it either.
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:16:31
If the attacker is a miner with 30% of the hashpower, he will collect 30% of all transaction fees no matter what.  So if he is spending 6000 $/day in transaction fees to DDoS the network (assuming he wants to do that), he will recover 1800 $/day and actually spend only 4200 $/day (which are collected by the other miners).
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:49:08


Bitcoin will only provide a realiable and trustless tool (not really, but that is another discussion) but will be only part of the solution.   You will still need centralized clearinghouses to manage the bitcoin-based solution (just as today the exchanges and payment processors must be centralized.)  There will still be all the usual risks of hackers stealing private keys, key entities shutting down, etc.
@_date: 2015-05-25 03:47:59
But liberalism and socialism already were starting to poison the mindspace then.  Something pre-1500 would have been more convincing.
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:54:48
Why a fixed hard limit is necessary:  
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:18:39
PS: Found [that other article](
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:52:10
The Venezuelan bolivar has lost maybe 50% of its purchasing power over the last year.  What was the number for bitcoin, again?
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:49:06
It would be very "interesting" if this is what happened.
But we never know whether an anonymous poster is telling the truth.  
I am seeing many tragical stories like the one above in this subreddit. I am new here: has it always been like that? Or is it an effect of changetip?
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:26:45
But isn' t there a "Copernicus theorem" saying that the weaker currency will drive the stonger one out of circulation?  
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:39:00
It is not political correctness, it is marketing.  You want to make people feel smart, not dumb, for buying a Trezor.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:21:08
Even of bitcoin replaces all currencies, people will still want to lend and borrow money; so banks will move in together with all other businesses.  The banks will provide bitcoin accounts, and the bitcoins in them will not be real bitcoins that belong to clients, but IOUs by which the bank promises to deliver bitcoins if and when the client wants to withdraw, subject to daily limits etc.  Then, the same reasons that resulted in fractional banking with dollars will result in fractional banking with bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:40:32
The Venezuelan bolivar lost 34% of its purchasing power in 1 year. The Argentinian peso lost 24% compared to the dollar.  Bitcoin... well, maybe next year...
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:03:29
Unless you are using proxies or other IP-masking means, they know your IP when they assign your wallet ID (they need it to talk back to you).  So, yes, they can associate the two if they want to.
@_date: 2014-12-30 14:02:25
No, but it seems that fundamental aspects of the design are still being debated, isn't that so?  One forum thread has ~800 pages, I tried to follow but had to give up.  I hoped that there was a more up-to-date summary of the proposal as it is now.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:23:13


There is no such exclusion in the protocol, of course. Anyone can try to mine a transaction from or to himself, and has the same chance of success as any other miner with the same hashpower.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:12:52
The Genesis block contains a newspaper headline to prove that the block was generated on the same day it was broadcast, and not earlier.  He used the British daily /The Times/.  It could have been a deliberate ruse, but that could also be the newspaper that he had on his desk at that moment...
@_date: 2014-12-16 15:41:38
However, bitcoin transactions are not free.  The mining network costs about 12 USD per transaction.  Transactions seem free only because this cost is presently paid by the people who buy the 3600 mined BTC/day.  No one can tell how the traffic and the fees will adjust if/when the value of mining rewards drops significantly.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:36:56
Surely you understand that those are real risks.  If not, they are even more worrisome...


A fake Trezor can pretend to reload the firmware but in fact continue malicious.  A fake device can easily pass blackbox tests.  And how many of your clients run hardware tests on their new Trezor before loading their coins? Do you advise them to do that?


Working offline, even an amateur thief can copy a signature well enough to fool the owner himself, who will probably give it only a quick look, if any.  A professional thief could scan the signature and transfer-print it on the fake device.


Well, but the official-looking Trezor webpage says "*your Trezor has been compromised; to prevent theft of your coins, you must immediately download and install the new firmware version from ~this link~.  It will show an error message, but that is the malware trying to fool you. Ignore the message, confirm, and re-enter the key.  Call this number if you have any questions.*"


But stealing 2 out of 3 keys (or 3 out of 5) may not be much harder than stealing a single key.  If 3 of those 5 people download the Angry Pigs game to the laptops where they keep their keys, of had the OS upgraded by the same sysadmin, or...


A camera with remote-control zoom and tilt/pan could do it.
Your clients must be aware of those risks to avoid them.
@_date: 2014-11-25 05:33:19
I agree that it would be much better if all the data was public -- including the identity of the clients, since some of them may be connected to the management and/or may be connected to the heist. 
However, many clients would object to having their identities published; and anyway that is not an option for the examiner.  He is supposed to withhold information that may be protected by confidentiality principles, and publish only what may and needs to be published.  Ditto for the police investigation.
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:17:41
I am skeptical about bitcoin's longterm success, but I would not hazard a guess about when it will fade or what the price will do next year (or next week).  
I believe that the Nov/2013 bubble was due to the opening of the Chinese market. That may also have been the cause of the Apr/2013 bubble.  That market was blocked in Dec/2013 by the PBoC decrees, and seems to have been shrinking since Feb/2014.  So, to recover the price, it would be necessary to open another market with a similar demand.
@_date: 2014-12-24 11:41:40
Assuming of course that the tumbler is not cooperating with the FBI, or even set up by them...
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:55:55
Indeed there is nothing new in his talk.  Butthat does not make it less true.


Would miners work for the cartel, helping it impose higher fees, or move to an "othodox" one to support the lower fees, and risk losing income in orphan blocks?


That is not a real danger, arbitrarily large mining operations can be designed with no fire hazard.  And "concentrated" does not mean "all in the same building"
@_date: 2014-12-17 07:00:38
50% is the actual loss of purchasing power of the bolivar as measured by the cost of living.  By the official exchange rate the loss was much smaller.
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:05:29
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:26:07
There have been many serious analyses *by bitcoiners* of what the traffic in the blockchain means.  At some point, for example, 40% was "dice" bets on a single gambling site.  Lots of it is tumbling, wallet housekeeping (coins that move without changing owner), spam, mining pool distributions.  BitPay's figures are only a small fraction of the traffic, and since they are believed to be the largest bitcoin payment prcessor by far, the total numer of e-payment transactions and the volume of such transactions cannot be more than 10%  of the blockchain traffic.
@_date: 2015-05-09 18:19:20


The OP_MUL operation used 64 bit unsigned ints to do the multiplication, but didn't check for overflow.  Some funny guy noticed that bug and issued a transaction that created several billion bitcoins out of nothing -- and, surprisingly, the rest of the code accepted it.  When the bug was diagnosed, a new version of the software was posted that disabled OP_MUL.  The major miners agreed to "rewind" the blockchain to a point just before that transaction.  The other transactions that has been confirmed in the meantime were then replayed on the new branch.  
@_date: 2015-05-15 01:59:37
Technically yes, but what it means is debatable.
That number is obtained by adding the amounts (BTC) of all outputs of all transactions processed in each day, after discarding outputs that seem to be "return change" (according to a criterion that does not seem to be described anywhere), and multiplying that by the USD price of bitcoin on that day.  So the transactions seem to be moving about 40 million USD/day.
However, only a few of those trasactions are commercial e-payments -- coins actually changing owner in return for goods or services.  Many are just a user reshuffling his coins among his own wallets.  Others are gambling: at one point, bets and payoffs of just one online casino were responsible for 40% of the transactions (if not 40% of the USD volume).  Tumbling generates many transactions, as well as deposits and withdrawals of bitcoin exchanges.  Then there may be lots of transactions generated by a few robots in order to "torture-test"  wallet sites or other software (or just to inflate the volume statistics).
Bitpay's recently released figres show that they processed about 0.5 million USD/day, on average, in 2014.  They are believed to be the largest bitcoin payment processor.  Therefore, it seems unilkely that the total volume of e-payments with bitcoin, counting all processors and direct transfers, be more  5 million USD/day.
So, it seems very likely that at least 90% of the value plotted on that chart is **not** e-payments, but "bogus" transactions like those listed above.  If that is the case, that chart is useless.  The volume of actual e-payments may have tripled over the last year, or dropped to 1/3, with that small change being totally hidden by changes in the "bogus" volume.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:22:58


Those who have money to buy bitcoins do not believe that they will ever be able to sell at a 250 or more.  *That* is what stops them from buying bitcoins at 240.
@_date: 2015-05-10 19:46:47
To be pedantic, GBTC is not a different thing; it is just the FINRA-assigned code for BIT shares (just as AAPL is the code for Apple Computer shares, WMT for Walmart shares, etc.).  Otherwise, it is correct that newly-issued BIT shares must be held for 12 months before they can be traded (via brokers).
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:49:13


No, it is a list of basic requirements for any voting system, paper or digital.  Like: the voter must be unable to prove to anyone how he voted; every voter must be able to understand the process of vote collection and counting; it should be impossible for someone or some equipment to alter the vote after the voter checked it; and so on.
Here is an article about online voting, specifically:
@_date: 2014-11-23 02:56:39
Yes, 25 BTC/block divided by about 500 transactions per block.  That is what the miners get paid for their work.
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:42:48
So you are comparing a system that protects honest people from scammers with a system that protects scammers from honest people, and conclude that the latter is better because it is faster.  Sure.  
It is doubtful whether Bitcoin is much safer for the merchant.  The US government at least views bitcoin as valuable property.  A consequence of that is that possession of bitcoins (knowing the private keys) does not imply property (having legal right to possession).  Thus, if a customer buys merchandise with stolen bitcoins, the government may consider that as equivalent of buying with a stolen credit card.  The payment processor may have to shoulder the cost of reimbursement.  If the merchant accepts bitcoins directly, he may have to do that instead.
Moreover, the law in the US gives consumers the right to receive a refund from the merchant, within certain conditions and deadlines.  That right does not depend on the method of payment.  Customers can also get refunds and/or damages by suing the merchant in the small-claims court.  Therefore, the effective settlement time for bitcoins too must be counted as days/weeks/months.
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:00:52


Of course not, but that is the number that matters.  Adding the volumes with some "no-fee correction factors" pulled out of thin air is no better than just adding them with no correction.
And the higher volumes of the Chinese exchanges *do* make them more relevant for price discovery, even if they are robots trading for tiny margins -- or, rather, *because* of that.  Just compare the 5m or 1m price charts: most of the time, those of the Western exchanges are just sluggish and stuttering versions of the Chinese ones, with broad effective bid-ask spreads that barely move while the Chinese chart actively snakes in the gap.
@_date: 2015-05-05 22:33:12
I recall news, a month or two ago, that there was a bitter fed between founders of the BEA.  How did it play out?
@_date: 2015-05-10 20:26:49
The cost of compressing and decompressing would be negligible; but I would be surprised if it would increase the max number of transactions by 50%.
@_date: 2015-05-12 06:12:45
I would think that the cost of validating all transactions in a block is negligible compared to the 10 minutes between blocks, even for 20 MB blocks.  Storage costs will also be tolerable and will increase slowly.  The increase in network transmission time, on the other hand, will be significant.  It is claimed that some miners are already mining empty blocks because of the small advantage that they get when broadcasting a mined node to the network.
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:26:00
I don't know whether the news have changed, but a few days ago rumors were that 21inc would keep 75% of the bitcoins mined by their chips, while letting the user foot 100% of the electricity bill.
@_date: 2014-12-23 12:59:19
Bitcointalk seems better for linear debates that span months or years, for long posts.  Reddit  is better for current news, and short comments that branch out like a tree.
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:37:09
You need to improve your reading skills... I am only pointing out that MtGOX was far more newsworthy than the case linked by the original poster,  for the stated reasons.  So there is no need to assume anti-bitcoin conspiracy by the media.  
EDIT: as for the claims of eliminating risk -- come on, that was a big selling point of bitcoin until the MtGOX collapse forced a rewrite of the script...
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:21:23
Suppose that the software on the PC is malicious.  After signing several dozen transactions honestly, and capturing the display and keys pressed each time, could it use that data to fill the whole scrambling table?
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:31:16


The current price of bitcoins is 20x or 50x the value that can be expected from their utility as currency.  Tulips and beanie babies had utility too, but like bitcoins their price was pumped up by scarcity and hype,
If you want things that have drawn similar animosity from the non-adopters, Amway and Herbalife come to mind.  (At least, Amway was quite a pain down here in the 1990s.  Adopters were as annoying as bitcoiners, and for the same reason: they had invested in the thing, and their profit dependend on getting more people to invest.  however, they did not usually call non-adopters "retards".)
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:31:21
If the max limit were 100 MB, a malicious miner could fill his blocks to the brim with spam transactions (whose fees he would collect anyway).  I don know why he woudld want to do that, but (if I understood correctly) that is why the 1 MB limit was originally added.
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:31:20


Quite the opposite: I am upset that it is being "sold" as a good investment.  And I believe that the 100x rise in price has suberged what should have been an experiment in digital money under a sea of scammers, opportunists, deluded investors, etc., turning it into an economic monster that eats people lives.
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:46:04
Why do bitcoiners hate him so much?
If he was against bitcoin, he could have just said: "The regulations are posted on our site, and, in case you wonder, items X, Y, and Z apply to cryptocoins too. If your business cannot operate with those rules, tough. Now excuse me."
Instead, he took a substantial amount of his time to try to write special legislation to accomodate this bizarre asset.  *Of course* it did not come out just the way that the bitcoiners wanted.  His mission is not "make bitcoin entrpreneurs happy" but more like "protect the public and the financial industry". 
And this is the thanks that he gets. (Yesterday someone even posted here a death threat against him.)
  
@_date: 2015-05-06 23:17:41
Well, since Dec/2013 Chinese internet merchants cannot quote prices in bitcoin or openly accept bitcoins as payment, so "buying things with bitcoin"  has no space to grow.  As for holding, there is no way to extract that information from the exchange trading volume. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:29:23
It is good evidence, but not proof.  There may be many "spam" transactions generated by processes with weekly period.  Others may be "spam" generated by businesses that close on weekends, or by individuals who use computers or connections at their workplace, to save on their home bills.
@_date: 2015-05-02 18:44:06


That is the "solution" that bitcoiners have found to the centralization threat, and all have agreed to believe it, so problem solved.  Addendum: if some skeptic insists in asking how exactly those players are going to force the miners to behave, just end the conversation there.


Have you tried to see where their profits come from?


Did you ever ask yourself who is providing the 800'000 $/day that the miners earn for their service?  Did you consider what would happen to the network if the inflow of investor money stopped?  


I did not mean the scammers that infest the community and the snake oil salesmen in the startups and funds.  I mean that the protocol is meant to be excuted partly by computers, partly by humans who are expected to react in certain ways to the economic incentives and to the actions of other players.  Therefore one cannot trust that the protocol will work, because one cannot know whether those humans will indeed always behave as expected, not even in a probabilistic and majority sense.  
@_date: 2015-05-09 21:10:59
That too.  But OP_MUL was involved.  I read the details a couple of months ago, but cannot find the article now...
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:51:07


I meant integer overflow in computations, not buffer overflows.


You cannot program programs that handle millions of dollars with that mindset.  You must understand how memory allocation works.  It may easily fail when you try to allocate a 2 GB buffer, even if there is 3 GB total of memory available, because of fragmentation.  That is why you cannot depend on dynamic allocation of large areas, and you should use static buffers whenever you can.  
Have you seen the recent BitGo javascript bug that "ate" ~80 BTC from a ~120 BTC transfer?  Or the broken RNG distributed by Blockchain.Info a few weeks ago?  Or the 2010 overflow bug?  It is mind-boggling that the "global currency" be in the hands of programmers who do such mistakes...
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:38:23


Wouldn't that require funds to be committed to the channel for years?
Each top-up is a blockchain transaction, correct?
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:46:54
Well, some of them are.  Not quite "the currency is dead" yet, but rather "the currency is not important".
@_date: 2015-05-24 14:54:22
OK, thanks!
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:00:58
"Bitcoin? Excuse me, I cannot talk to you now, I am expecting at any minute a visit from a representative of HKJWfA (Hare Krishna Jehovah Witnesses for Amway), and I do not want to keep them waiting."
If you friend tries to talk you into buying some bitcoin, know that he loves your money more than he loves you.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:47:53




Why?  (Note that, while there is much more mining power that could protect bitcoin, there is also much more mining power that could be used to attack it.)
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:26:34
So, if you intend to invest in bitcoin, be sure to buy them two years ago.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:47:23
Well, for starters, I will have to grade that pile of exams that is sitting over there on my desk. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:18:22
Even if you run the software on your own hardware, you must trust the software (and the operating system). If you give your vote to a computer, you give it to whoever programmed it, irrespective of who owns the harware.
If the software that receives the unencrypted vote is compromised, it can change the vote at that point.  How can the voter check that that has not happened?
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:52:36
Right, the problem is only the title.
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:01:42
Actually paper ballots are the best for small elections (say, a few thousand), and electronic capture with voter-verified paper record seems the best for large ones.
I can't understand why people are so obsessed with "optimizing" an activity that will never take more that 1 hour from each person every 3 months.  Even if one uses plain paper ballots, the result of a general national election can be reliably tallied and added in a few hours. 
A voting system has to be VERY simple and transparent to be trusted by the people.  It is lunacy to use a system that even the best cryptographers in the world cannot be sure they fully understand.  Remeber, the only purpose of an election is to convince THE LOSERS that they have not enough support among voters.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:16:53
Of course those agencies do an investigation before they act -- collecting complaints, inteviewing clients, inspecting the site, requesting records subpoena from the company and its banks, suppliers, etc.
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:19:47
How can customers love PayCoin so much? Isnt't it still under development?
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:26:40
It is just common sense.  Can't you really not see what is wrong with "customers wishing to pay with bitcoin must guess what will be the right fee, based on the state of the mempool, to ensure that their transaction be confirmed someday"? 
@_date: 2015-05-10 11:22:22
Blockchain.Info kindly showed the world why such a check would make sense.
The probability of collision is negligible only if you assume that the software you are using to create the keys is correct.  But there is a non-negligible probability that the software has a broken RNG, or uses it incorrectly, in such a way that a collision is much more likely.  
Empirically (thanks to Blockchain.Info) the probability of a newly generated key being the same as someone else's key is greater than 1 in a few million; the probability of such a collision happening to someone, on any given day, is greater than 1 in 3000 or so.   
Because such bugs occur with non-negligible probability, the probability of a collision  is high enough that every software that generates new key pairs ought to check whether the address has already been used in the blockchain, and raise an alert if so.  If Blockchain.Info's javascript had included such a "paranoid check", it would have saved their clients a good deal of grief.  
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:13:49
What about the last 12 months?
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:56:39
The FBI said at the NY hearings that they are not worried about bitcoin.  Methinks that they must love it: SilkRoad was a lot of good press exposure with relatively little work.  With bitcoin they can monitor payments all over the world.  The blockchain is a rich lode of concentrated ore of criminal activity, all that is right there on their desks.  They don't need warrants or excuses to tap it, they don't have to deal with thousands of banks in foreign countries, all with different ledger formats...
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:03:07
It is one of the consequences of concentration of mining into a few large corporations.  Governments could control over 51% of the hashrate by taking over 4-5 companies, or by pressing them to cooperate; and then could use that power to do any of several nasty things.
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:28:51


The point is that the fee income will be much less than what one might expect from the current traffic.  Right now the cost of the mining network (25 BTC/block x 240 $/btc) comes out as something like 5-10$ per transaction, on average.  But, if the minimum fees were raised to (say) 0.50 $/tx,  the traffic would probably shrink to 20% or less of the current number, so the same network cost would average to 25-50 $/tx -- making the "fee deficit" much worse.


If all users pay the higher fees, then there will be no low fee transactions, and the 20% miners will still get 20% of ALL fees -- as they did before their "attack", but the fees will be higher.
@_date: 2015-05-01 07:48:47
A couple of months ago, Blockchain.Info (BCI) posted an update of their javascript code that included a broken random number generator.  Fortunately, the bug was detected by a "white hat" hacker who happened to be monitoring the blockchain for that kind of weakness, and the broken javascript was recalled after a few hours.  Even so, because of that bug, hundreds of blockchain addresses had their private keys exposed through the "repeated k" exploit, and some private keys generated with that software were easily guessable.  IIRC, there were even cases of the same address and private key being generated twice by two different users.  Several hundred BTC were stolen from those addresses; fortunately, most of them were preventively stolen by that same "white hat" hacker, who returned them to BCI.
So, the answer is no: key generation software **can** generate weak keys or expose the keys in the signed transactions.  Even if the code is provided by a major bitcoin service site.  Good luck. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:00:59
*That* is what bitcoin was designed for.
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:42:36


Yes *those* software updates may be just harmless refinements of their services; but other updates may not be.  Even what would seem a minor improvement to Coinbase (like, I don know, allow margin trading) may be a fundamental change from the DFS point of view (because it may increase the risk, violate some regulation, or whatever) That is the reason for that clause being there: the DFS wants to retain the right to decide whether a proposed change is harmless or not. 
(I am not defending the BitLicense, merely trying to think with Lawsky's head --- something that the interested parties should be doing too.)
@_date: 2015-05-16 19:52:52
Think about it some more, and perhaps you will understand why natural evolution, after a billion years of experiments, came up with this ingenious invention called 'death'.
And also why a deflationary currency cannot work.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:31:10
Have you seen the stress test that some redditors did this Friday starting at 23:00 UTC?
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:20:02
He seem to be very evasive about bitcoin.  The reporter used the word 14 times, about half of them on his own, not quoting Forde.  Forde's quotes use "bitcoin" twice, neither time in a substantive way.
The reporter should let the man speak more and paraphrase him less.
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:01:00
What is missing is an explanation of why bitcoin mining contributes anything to those "solutions".  Public-key digital signatures and smartchip equipped keycards, old and proven technologies, seem sufficient to implement some of the items above.  Other items do not seem to require any device-level authentication or encryption.  Embedding into a device any chip that is not related to the device's function seems much less effective and efficient than putting all the chips into a single mining rig with a single internet connection.  As for the "unbanked poor"... cringe.
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:22:06
Here are the first few Google hits for 'bitcoin price "100000"'
Cyptocoin News 2014-11-12: [Raoul Pal Thinks the Bitcoin Price Will Be $100,000 or even $1,000,000](
Coindesk 2014-01-15: [Venture Capitalist Chris Dixon [ of Andreessen &amp; Horowitz ] Believes Bitcoin Will Hit $100k](
Rick Falkvinge 2013-03-06: [The target value for bitcoin is not some $50 or $100, it is $100,000 or $1,000,000](
Market Watch 2014-01-07: [How bitcoin could get to $100,000](
Business Insider 2013-11-08: [Bitcoin Could Go To $1 Million](
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:40:54
As of September 10, there were ~650'000 blockchain addresses with at least 0.1 BTC (~50$) or more in them.  
Assuming that the typical bitcoin user owns at least one address with at least 0.1 BTC in it, we conclude that there are no more than 650'000 bitcoin users in the world.
(OK, some people may use bitcoin but may have been out of BTC on that date in particular. Some people may have several BTC scattered in many addresses, all with less than 0.1 BTC. Some people may keep all their BTC in "bitcoin banks" like Coinbase or the exchanges.  But, on the other hand, many bitcoin owners own more than one address with more than 0.1 BTC.  So that number is likely to be too high rather than too low.)
@_date: 2015-05-17 18:31:41
Also note that miners are not bound to a particular blockchain.  Any bitcoin miner could switch almost instantly and at no cost to any other coin that used a compatible proof-of-work scheme; and will probably do so, if it thinks that the coin will be more profitable to mine than bitcoin, for any reason.
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:26:24


Methinks the writer misunderstood that last gif.   I have seen it used to illustrate the extreme gullibilty of bitcoiners, who will give their bitcoins to any scammer who praises the coin, without even listening to his story.  
People invested in Neo &amp; Bee without even reading their ridiculous prospectus, for example.  In the very last days of MtGOX, people were still depositing money and coins into it, to "profit" from its meaningless trade prices.  And so on...
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:24:32


Those are two very different types of concern.  Centralization of mining is a potential failure of the protocol (which depends on a majority of the miners being at least neutral towards any particular transaction, and on them playing it fair towards other miners).  Centralization of wealth is a social/political issue that does not affect the protocol.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:08:44


Sorry, you are mistaken.  Bitcoin is not at all like gold, in any way.  (Except perhaps for being in a speculative bubble based on mistaken beliefs.)
The bitcoin protocol tried to imitate cash by adopting the UTXO/wallet metaphor (as opposed to the bank balance metaphor).  Economically, it is neither like gold nor like cash.  For one thing, bitcoin has a predetermined cap and creation schedule that does not depend on its price; whereas both gold and cash have practically unbounded total supply, and an unpredictable mining/printing rate that is strongly influenced by price,
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:09:50
Ther is an (ISO?) standard table of 3-letter codes for all existing national currencies. According to that standard, currencies that are not on that list should have names that start wit "X", to avoid confusion.  Thus "XBT" is a code that complies with that standard, and is therefore more adequate when interacting with traditional financial institutions and media, who are used to that standard.
"BTC" is the most common code in use by the community, but it does not pay attention to that standard. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:54:54
If the fork is properly done, you will have 10 GavinCoins and 10 PeterCoins, and you can use and trade both independently, each with the proper version of the software.
However, you must be aware that other parties you are transacting with may use/want/send only one of the coins.  You don't want to sent Litecoins to a merchant who accepts only Dogecoins.
One difference between them is that GavinCoin may have a decent block rate during the transition, while PeterCoin's block rate may drop to hours per block, depending on how many miners keep working on it,
I would expect that the prices of the two coins will be such that their sum will be roughly equal to the pre-fork price.  The price of PeterCoin may be lower because of the lower block rate.  In any case, I also expect that the price of one of the coins will quickly collapse to zero, perhaps immediately after the fork, because of market dynamics. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:10:42
At the moment, no one who has money to spare is willing to pay $250 for one bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:26:47


Indeed, and that is a hint that he may have more moral scruples than his "heirs".


I didn't watch the segment, but didn't the Wiklevosses say something like "it may be worth a trillion one day" on Bloomberg?
Reading the forums, it is pretty obvious that most of those who are buying and hoarding bitcoins are doing so because they expect to make fabulous gains --- and have been promised that by eminent bitcoin gurus.  That was almost an axiom in late 2013, when I learned about bitcoin.  (Do I need to google for examples?)
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:16:32


It is acceptable, but not ideal, to charge different prices for clients who order the service at different times, or through different agents.  As long as (as you say) the client is told the price before purchasing, *and the service is guaranteed after purchase* with no extra payments.  That implies first-come-first-serve seating, for example.
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:26:16
Sidechains or whateverchains cannot create bitcoins.  But they could create their own tokens and IOUs, supposedly backed by bitcoins. Supposedly.
@_date: 2014-11-28 01:48:02
Are you sure? I believe that if you are in debt to a US entity, even to a private one, you can pay the debt in dollars and the entity cannot refuse.  (That is why the bills said "all debts, public and private".)  Unless you have signed a contract to deliver specifically bitcoins or euros, as a merchandise.  
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:56:20
Good try, but no sir.  If you look at [7-day]( instead of 28-day average, you see that the "rapid increase" near the end is two anomalous peaks that subsided a few days later.  
Even with 28-day averaging, the volume is already subsiding, after barely touching 75 M$/day, the same it was in Feb--Mar.  It is still 20% less than the January level -- and falling.
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:24:39
It depends on whether the real traffic will grow enough until then.  Even if it does not, the coin will probably survive, only with a much smaller network.
@_date: 2014-12-19 05:48:24
The balance is a little under 10 BTC.  The owner is sending of small amounts like 0.005 BTC to other addresses, and the change goes back to the same address.  It may be some service paying off many clients.
The number that keeps increasing is just the sum of those change-backs since you started watching, it means nothing.
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:44:12
This announcement was posted before on this subreddit.
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:12:36
It does not matter much, does it?  Deterministic wallets reduce the frequency of key-stealing opportunities, but each successful theft yields many private keys, so the risk should be roughly the same.  No?
@_date: 2015-05-23 21:11:40
When I was a kid, my father owned a 1952 Ford Prefect (yes, no kidding).  It still had a hole at the bottom of the radiator grill, for jump-starting the engine with a crank, in case the battery run out.
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:56:59
Seems that there is no such thing.  Then perhaps someone could post a worked-out, meaningful, realistic example of a sidechain -- starting by its goals, how it would be created, how it would be supported, etc.?
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:27:01
TV commercial time at prime hours is terribly expensive; producing good commercials is expensive too.  Who will pay for them?
Also, a commercial that seems great and convincing to a bitcoiner will probably have negative effect on viewers.  I recall some early video commercials by Neo &amp; Bee that were obviously intended to attract investment from naive libertarian/ancap bitcoiners, rather than attracting clients for the bank.  Most of the pro-bitcoin videos I have seen on the internet sent the message "bitcoin is the Amway of the nerds".
@_date: 2014-12-27 20:30:23


Not "bitcoin", but "some kind of currencies like [it]"; and it was 10 to 20 years down the road.
@_date: 2015-05-19 19:03:38
A decade or two ago, major computer manufacturers invested billions in a joint development project called Merced that was going to radically change computer architectures, using VLIW and other New Stuff.  In the end, the x86 architecture continued to be the standard, and architectural innovation went to other paths -- multicores,GPUs, etc.
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:11:35


I try to reason with concepts rather than with words...
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:34:42
He was fully aware of the 51% attack, but assumed that, even if mining became the business of specialized companies, it would be distributed so broadly that a 51% cartel would not be able to form.  It was a natural assumption given that mining would be open to anyone.  However, the hyperinflated price, the various economies of scale, and the geographic variation of electricity cost have concentrated mining so much that a 51% cartel would require only the adhesion of the 5 largest Chinese miners.
@_date: 2015-05-17 11:43:25
Or if the buyer was told that the thing would be worth millions one day...  
Believe it or not, there are some people who think it is wrong to get richer by making other people poorer.
@_date: 2014-11-21 16:16:46


The second sentence is the definition of "net neutrality".  The first one is things that many would like to have, and wishfully think that are included in "net neutrality"; but they are not.


That is a common misconception, that the right technology alone can solve political and social problems.  In particular, encryption will not remove the need for net neutrality, because without the latter you will not be able to send encrypted packets through your ISP.  What the companies want is to be able to control which services you can access; and of course that means   being able to read the contents of your packets.  If you can't get net neutrality in the law, you will not have it.  
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:31:28
PS. The sidechains project may have also another goal:
(3) give hope to those who own large quantities of bitcoins that, if bitcoin is to be superseded by some other cryptocoin, there will be a way to move their fortune to that cryptocoin, at a fixed exchange rate.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:10:06


Well, here is one possibility: the US government decides that the original blockchain is too full of illegally obtained bitcoins, so it makes it illegal to trade it or use it for e-payments in the US.
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:57:43


But who is going to enforce that resolution?
If the majority of users and owners have voting power, as some claim, that resolution would be unnecessary.
If a majority of the miners can prevail over the users and owners, as others believe, that resolution will be ineffective.
@_date: 2014-12-20 23:45:26
The problem was not due to them being web wallets.  The keys were not stolen or leaked by BCI.  Rather, a faulty key generation software that the users trusted resulted in easily guessable/crackable keys.  It could have happened with any wallet product, even hardware ones.
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:31:41
That is a good example. If Assange wanted to stay anonymous, he could not have created Wikileaks.  He would not have had 1/1000th of the influence he had.
@_date: 2014-12-29 13:55:24
Cut-and paste from when the price was ~600 $/BTC, only the number has changed... Is this what they call "robot trader"? ;-)
@_date: 2014-11-25 11:58:51
I thought that they deposited the dollars on the merchant's account on the same day, or on next day. Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:07:57
My understanding is that any discrepancy between the prices will take months to be equalized by arbitragers, since Greyscale would have to redeem BIT shares (at turtle speed, perhaps?), or issue new shares, which will have to be held for a year.  Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:47:22


There is a very good explanation for that number.  The largest amount of satoshis that can be handled in Excel, javascript, and many other languages and applications without any rounding errors is about 2.25 quadrillion, ie 22.5 million BTC.  (It could be perhaps twice as much, with greater risk of rounding.)  The exact number is defined by the initial reward and the halving period.  The latter should have been ~225180 blocks but was rounded down to 210000, which resulted in 21 million BTC cap instead of 22.5 million.
@_date: 2015-05-29 14:33:17
If you have any experience in designing an implementing things, I am sure you understand what I meant.  
Bitcoin was designed and optimized for **internet payments** of any kind.  Thus it is supposed to be good for buying computers from Dell or drugs from SilkRoad, for paying blog subscriptions and ransomware or hotel reservations abroad.  But it was not designed for investment, day-trading, notarization, timestamping, voting, or gambling.  Not even for micropayments or tipping (although it was meant to be used, poorly, for bulk payments associated with these services).  It is not even designed for paying in person at brick-and-mortar shops and restaurans.  For these applications, one should design a better system from scratch; and it may, or may not, use a bitcoin-like blockchain.
@_date: 2015-05-24 00:28:05


That is my understanding too, but there is no need to invoke manipulation by the exchanges.  Bitcoin [became a craze in Mainland China]( shortly after Huobi and OKCoin opened there in mid-2013, and many thousands of Chinese bought massive amounts of it, fed by arbitragers who bought it in the "West" and sold them in the Chinese exchanges.  (My guess is that the Willy robot was doing precisely this, buying BTC from MtGOX clients to sell in China, perhaps with non-existent dollars.)  Comparison of prices among the exchanges strongly indicate that the Chinese exchanges were leading the Nov/2013 rally, and the rest were following.
There is also evidence that the earlier rally that peaked on Apr/2013 was also "made in China", by BTC-China in Shanghai and Bitfinex in Hong Kong.  These two cities are "special economic zones", that seem to be financially isolated from Mainland China to some extent; that may explain why the latter did not take part in that earlier rally.


BTC-China used to be against zero-fee trading, but has changed their fee policy and deposit methods over time.  I don't know if they are zero-fee now.  (In Dec/2013 they lost their bank access and their volume crashed.  They had a partial recovery last September and a full recovery last November, only to shrink again since ~10 days ago.)


AFAIK **all** bitcoin exchanges can cheat on users in this and other ways -- without any legal consequences, since bitcoin trading is not not regulated in any way.  (I believe that even ItBit, Coinbase and Circle may be allowed to do that, because their MSB/MTB licenses are not concerned with the trading that goes on inside them.  The SEC should be the agency responsible to curb such abuses, but to my knowledge it does not audit or regulate any bitcoin exchanges yet.)
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:18:54
The charges should be public documents, no?
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:09:22
Everytime you get a query from someone, you pass it to some real node, then pass its reply to that someone. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:11:15
Or stay away from bitcoin.  Even if you use a Trezor or other hardware wallet, if you do not understand how they work you may be tricked by malicious sites or plugins into bypassing its safety measures, exposing your seed phrase, using the wrong destination address, ...
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:57:10
I read that article, and it did not make much sense.  The large CC data leaks and everyday "stolen CC" fraud did not happen because of that long chain, or because CC use a  "pull" rather than "push" model.  Conversely, the myriad of cases of stolen bitcoins were not prevented by its "push" model.
As the BCI debacle showed, a massive epidemic of bitcoin theft is quite possible.  All it would take is the release of a malicious version of some popular wallet software or app, that generated weak keys known only to the thief.  Unlike CC data leaks, the losses would be immediate and uncorrectable.
@_date: 2014-11-22 07:23:30
Sure they can block and/or throttle and/or overcharge any packet that they cannot identify.  
Some hackers may find workarounds, but what about the other 99% of the population?   
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:02:14
You deposit your bitcoins as USD, they convert them to USD, keep them as USD, and when you need to pay something, they convert the USD to USD and send them to the merchant.
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:42:25
It is the Mark of the Karpelès.
@_date: 2015-05-11 02:01:53
I am a "detractor" of bitcoin, yes.  But I was wondering why you wrote  that "detractors used to say miners dumped all the coins".  Why would *that* be something that only "detractors" would say?  Because it would imply that miners did not trust bitcoin?  Whether true or not, it would be a fact to be checked, not a mere opinion...
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:02:19
If the axis of the Earth happened to be horizontal instead of vertical, would we be using the World Long Web?
@_date: 2015-05-22 08:06:05


You mean that  21.co proposes to solve the problem of concentration of mining by building a mining pool bigger than all the large miners, and operating it at a loss?
"Decentralized" does not mean just physically scattered, it means absence of central control.
It still does not make sense.  To a first approximations, the billion chips will cost the same and consume the same power, whether scattered in billion consumer devices or all in one giant mining farm.  You are saying that this mining farm, in either form, would not be profitable, but would be supported by the "bitcoin 2.0" companies that want to keep the network secure.  However, economies of scale should make the centralized mine more efficient than the scattered one.  The only "advantage" of scattering the chips is -- again -- the possibility of stealing the electricity from the consumers.  Why should the consumers agree to that?
@_date: 2015-05-25 05:45:52
Of course, they turned off 20% of their machines and accepted the loss of income, altruistically, for the Good of Bitcoin.  They would never think of creating two pools with different names but same owners, and splitting their miners among them.  That would be unethical.  &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-25 05:25:43


We do not know that.  All that can be said is that no *sufficiently fast* way has been found *so far*, *that we know of*.
The cryptography tools have not been proved secure.  We trust them because many brilliant people have tried for years or decades to find such a way, in vain.  But that is no guarantee that someone could find a way tomorrow.  Or that someone has already found one, but did not publish it.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:06:31
Beware of wishful thinking.
@_date: 2014-11-19 10:09:56
A cartel with 51% or more of the hashpower can do many things besides a double spend (which would be hard to profit from anyway).  For example, it can starve competing miners, institute mandatory fees, even force a change in the protocol.
These other actions may give the cartel more revenue in the short term but kill bitcoin in the long term.  The latter would be of no concern to them since their equipment will be obsolete in a year anyway.
Only a few users care about decentralization per se.  The Chinese day traders, who still set the BTC price, would not care; neither those who buy bitcoin only for immediate spending.  So the mere existence of a 51% cartel will not necessarily cause an immediate drop in the price.  Thus, moderate abuse (such as forcing an increase in the block reward) may be quite profitable.
Why do people assume that large miners are holders? (Of course they would *say* that they hold, to help push the price up.) 
The 4 largest mining companies already have 51% of the hashpower:   Moreover, if someone were to own &gt;51% of the hashpower, he would surely split it into several ostensibly independent companies, to avoid the public backlash (as ghash.io learned when they got over 51% a while ago.)
@_date: 2014-11-29 12:58:10
Then there are all those companies using the name "Satoshi" and/or "Nakamoto", without his permission...
@_date: 2014-12-23 12:53:25
There are still several ways for a crook to foil that security precaution (especially if he is a company insider).  Recall that the buggy javascript that broke the accounts of hundreds of Blockchain.Info clients was open source.
Just try to think like a hacker, rather than a like a Trezor salesman...
@_date: 2015-05-23 12:45:14


You seem to be assuming a specific kind of sidechain.  Elsewhere I have asked several times, in vain, for a defintion of "sidechain" that would let someone decide whether something is a sidechain or not.  The necessary properties listed in whitepaper apparently says only that a sidechain should not be able to do to bitcoin anything that is impossible to do to bitcoin, like creating more bitcoins or preventing someone who has a private key from moving the corresponding bitcoins.
Until someone shows me a defintion that is not vacuous, I will continue to think that anything is a sidechain of bitcoin. Bitstamp is a sidechain of bitcoin (the pegs being BTC deposits and withdrawals).  Litecoin is a sidechain (the pegs are BTC deposits and withdrawals to any exchange that allows conversion to/from LTC).  The old sofa in my living room is an exceedingly secure sidechain (just send BTC to 1MyOldSofaThanksYouFftGY7).
In any case, settlements in bitcoin of sidechain transactions need not be more frequent than deposits and withdrawals from exchanges.  That is, it seems quite possible that most transactions will be done off the bitcoin blockchain, and balances will be kept over there most of the time.


Certainly, but such a projection would serve the same purpose of a "business plan" for a company seeking investors.  Namely, it would show that there is at least *one* evolutionary path that will end with success.  (And, more importantly, it would show that the proponents have given thought about that, and are not just hoping for some miracle, or think that having a cool idea is enough.)  It is up to readers then to check whether that projected path is indeed possible, and imagine how much the actual path could deviate from it.
The biggest unknown there would be the price (or purchasing power) of 1 BTC.  It may be necessary to make separate plans for pessimistic, neutral, and optimistic projections of that variable.


Well, let me try to make the analogy more precise.  The passenger must buy a ticket before going to the boarding platform, without knowing which bus and driver will arrive next.  There is no fixed fee, so he has to guess an amount that he hopes may be enough.  When the bus arrives, the driver looks at the amounts printed on each ticket, and decides who can board, without even having to  explain his criterion.  He is not required to fill the bus or give priority to larger or older tickets, and may even drive straight through the station without stopping.  A passenger who is left out has the option to wait another 10 minutes for the next bus and try to board with the same ticket; or go back to the vending machine and put more money into it.  And so on, indefinitely, with no guarantee that he will eventually get a ride.
Such a system would not be "free market in action", it would be just stupid.  Since clients cannot choose (or even know beforehand) which miner will get the next block, free market cannot work at that level.  There must be a fixed formula for the fee (not "minimum", but exact) that clients can easily understand, proportional to the service rendered and not to the internal cost; and at least the weak guarantee of "first come, first served, God and network delays willing".  And no "priority service" for clients paying a higher fee (otherwise the problem comes back again).
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:38:37


Can you provide proof or reference for this claim?
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:35:55


Not true.  One can compute what the price would be if they were being bough only for use in payments, and even with the most optimistic assumptions it would be less than 10 $/BTC.
People are buying bitcoins at 240 because they expect to sell them later for more than that.  But why would they be worth 250 tomorrow, or 500 next year?
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:10:37
By either reading, automatic approval for new services would not make sense.  
If I were a cynical person, I would think that Coinbase had plans to offer several exciting services that the DFS would hardly approve -- who knows, a bitcoin savings plan, a bitcoin-based stock exchange a la Havelock, bitcoin futures, bitcoin lending, etc.; so they cleverly kept those plans in the freezer, and applied for the least problematic service, a bitcoin exchange, intending on offering the other services once they were "fully registered".  Hence their irritation with that clause in the BitLicense.  But I am not a cynical person, so I will not think any of that.
@_date: 2015-05-09 21:17:43
The point is that the previously allocated and released 20 MB may not be available for another 21 MB allocation, or even for a 19 MB allocation, because there may be other allocated areas, even a couple of small ones, blocking the way.  So it is nearly impossible to predict whether the next allocation will succeed, even if the memory that is in effective use is much less than the total memory that was available when the program started.  The pool of free memory may be broken up into many pieces, none of which is sufficient for the new request, even if the sum of their sizes is more than enough.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:17:51
Or they are just being paid to paint bitcoin in good light.   Many newspapers, including NYT ad WSJ, have long given up on the idea of fair and honest reporting, and have moved to blur the distinction beyween news and paid advertisement. From the half a billion dollars that bicoins companies raised from VC investors, many millions must be earmarked for marketing. 
@_date: 2015-05-25 08:37:07
AFAIK, bitcoins carry no state and are not programmable; but they may be stored temporarily in unspent outputs controlled by programs.  
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:30:15
Sounds complicated; better let the government do the printing.
@_date: 2015-05-07 06:01:55
Each miner (or central server of mining pools) gets to decide how many transactions to include in his candidate block.  The nodes only provide the transactions.  Although some nodes could reject some blocks because they are "too big".  This is part of the argument above; namely, that everybody must have the same definition of "too big" or chaos may result.
@_date: 2015-05-17 12:46:17
Yeah, I am used to that...
@_date: 2015-05-16 15:58:57


Yeah, but *how much* bitcoin? And they are not using it as a *currency* at all...
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:49:06


The US IRS has decided only that bitcoins should be taxed like commodities.  It has **not** declared that bitcoins are as legal to own as gold or silver, because it is not their job to decide that.  No agency in the US has determined that it is illegal to own bitcoins *yet*, so it is legal by default.  But that may change in the future.
@_date: 2014-11-30 02:57:07
The december ban prohibited the use of bitcoin in e-commerce, and the sale of bitcoins through their equivalents of eBay and PayPal; as well as trading or holding of bitcoin by financial institutions.
Later the ban was strengthened, by prohibiting banks from doing direct deposits to the exchanges.  Withdrawals to banks were to be blocked at a later date, but that hasn't happened yet, as far as I know.  Exchanges have set up roundabout ways to accept money deposits.
The government apparently put pressure on the exchanges to stop "aggressive marketing" of bitcoin to people.  The exchanges pledged to do that and clean up their act in other ways.  As part of that pledge they skipped the bitcoin conference in Shanghai.
@_date: 2015-05-06 23:32:55


Not everyone, obviously.  We know that several million coins have been held by some people since 2009.  Unfortunately, one cannot gauge the demand (amount of BTC bought and hoarded) that created each past "bubble" by the effect that such demand had on the price.   Still, I think that there is plenty of indirect evidence that hoarding and dumping by the Chinese has dominated the price history since early 2013.  For one thing, almost all large price moves in 2014 have been due to news and rumors that affect the Chinese traders, but not the Western ones; and, conversely, major news and rumors that are not meaningful to the Chinese have no effect on the price.  only lately we have seen some "Western" news (like "McDonalds will accept bitcoin on Valentineś day") move the price by 50-70 USD.
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:28:05
Well,  it is a very important difference for companies, legislators, law enforcement, etc.  -- and for individual users.
"Your property" is what your government thinks that you have the right to possess.  It is the Law that specifies when and how the ownership of something changes (most commonly, when the two parties trade it, both willingly and well informed).  There are various systems to record ownership of various kinds of things (such as Land Registries for real estate, car registration databases, stock ownership registrars, etc).  A person who claims ownership of something is expected to use those systems as proof of it, or, at the very least, provide a store receipt, or testimonials.
If someone else takes possession of something that you own, but by means that the law does not recognize as valid ways of acquiring ownership (for example, by stealing the thing, by fraudulent trade, or by forcing you to sell it under threats of violence), then you have the right to go to the police, and they are supposedly obliged to use their power to take the thing from the possessor and return it to you -- because "ownership" means "legal right to possess".
The two things -- ownership and possession -- usually go together, so that people may confuse them.  Your bank statement, for example, shows the money that you "possess" (in some sense), but is not a proof that you own it. What proves that you own that money (in some sense) is the paper and digital trail of the transactions through which you acquired that money, that show that you did so legally rather than by stealing it, selling drugs, extorting people, etc.. 
One of the problems for bitcoin's acceptance is that the transactions, by themselves, do not leave enough paper or digital trail to prove ownership.  Thus, when someone takes possession of your coins through theft or other crime, you may not be able to prove to the police that the coins are your property, and that they are not proeprty of the thief.  You may be even unable to prove that you had possession of the coins when they were stolen, that you don't have possession of them now, and that the thief has.
That is good for criminals, but is obviously not good for victims.   Now imagine, for example, a bitcoin exchange trying to prove to the police and to their clients that they lost the coins because of a hacker attack, and not by a "self-hacking".  Imagine a company that holds bitcoin trying to get insurance against theft.... 
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:51:29
8D Thanks!
@_date: 2015-05-20 03:30:44


I don't see that.  If the hashing power is the same, the total electricity drawn will be the same, hence the total added cost to the utility bill will be the same.  (Forget smartphones and portable computers: the electricity from their battery is much more expensive and *a lot* more precious to the user than electricity from a power outlet.)
Putting the chips together in a single rig allows them to run at *constant* optimal speed and voltage, with a single (hence more efficient) DC power supply, with fewer constraints about heat generation, etc. A mining rig that consumes 10 W continuously must be way more efficient and practical than 10 chips embedded in that many devices, each active 10% of the time, on the average, each consuming 10 W while turned on. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:57:18


Not at all. When a thief steals you car, he gets control over (possession of) it, but you are still the owner.  Same with bitcoin: the hacker who stole your bitcoins will have possession of them, but you still own them (they are still your property).


At your service.
@_date: 2015-05-30 12:38:27
Suppose that miners constrolling a fraction P of the total hashrate colluded to push the fees up by filling the queues with dummy transactions, all with a transaction fee of F bits.  Then ordinary clients will have to issue transactions with a fee greater than F to get through.  
Suppose the clients issue M normal transactions per day.  The miners will issue N bogus transactions per day, adjusting N so that N + M is the mining network's capacity, on average.
Then those miners will collect at least P x (N + M) x F in fees, and spend N x F to issue the bogus transactions.  The "attack" will be profitable if  (P x (N + M) − N) x F is greater than P x M x F0, where F0 is the current average fee (very small).
For example, setting P = 0.75 (roughly the 10 top mining pools) and F0 = 0.0001 BTC,  and assuming M is 50% of the maximum network capacity (i. e. M = N), the attack would be profitable if (2 x 0.75 − 1) x F &gt; 0.75 x 0.0001, that is, F &gt; 0.00015 BTC.
On the other hand, if M was only 10% of the network's capacity (that is, N = 9 M) then the attack would not be profitable, because the condition would be (10 x 0.75 - 9) x F &gt; 0.75 x 0.00001, which is false for any F.
Of course this is not so simple, because a higher fee would cause the traffic to shrink.  But it indicates that a larger block size would make this attack unprofitable, by requiring so many bogus transactions that the attacking miners would lose more than  they would gain.
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:11:14
Yes, I am quite skeptical about its future.  It was a good try, but it needs a few other genial inevntions before it can really solve the problem it was meant to solve; and meanwhile it has been turned into a giant pyramid schema, that is being shamelessly hyped and pumped up by those people who hope to profit from it before it collapses.
@_date: 2015-05-12 23:54:55


The miners get about 1 million dollars a day (144 blocks/day x 25 BTC/block x 240 USD/BTC). Tell me then, where does this money come from?  The stork brings it?
@_date: 2015-05-10 14:41:37


Therefore, only statists define things.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:11:15
Probably 90% or more of the transactions on the blockchain are unrelated to its use as "currency of the internet", and also to its use as investment vehicle.
That is a consequence of the unhealthy "business model" where investors pay miners 7$ per transaction so that the users can have the illusion of "free" transactions. 
I don't know whether increasing the blocksize is the best option; but one argument for retaining the current size is that it would soon force an increase in the fees and prune most of the pointless traffic, leading to a saner "business model" where users pay for the service that they use.  
Of course, such a saner "business model" would not be able to sustain the current hashpower and price, and it might push bitcoin back to 2010, in terms of price level and network size.
Methinks that it would be better for the project in the long run.  The purpose of the block reward was to get the bitcoins distributed among a broad user base, not to sustain an hypertrophied mining industry.  For that goal, the price should have only doubled every 4 years, as the block reward got halved. 
Needless to say, everybody who is invested in bitcoin or bitcoin services will not agree with that opinion...
@_date: 2015-05-17 18:26:38


@_date: 2015-05-17 02:21:55
Will it be another Laissez Faire City, or another Galt's Gulch Chile?
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:05:25


And, strangely, the contract that the CTO signed has an early termination clause for Ver, but no earl termination clause for OKCoin.  
I would think that somebody screwed up egregiously at the time...
@_date: 2015-05-28 06:58:20




Perhaps you can tell me how many of those 600 million of VC money went into buying bitcoins?




The original goal was "a system of p2p payments without trusted" etc.  The goal of most bitcoin investors is the price going "to the moon". While it may achieve the second goal for a brief time, within the few years, I believe that the protocol will ultimately fail to achieve both goals.


Mning will inevitably become concentrated due to economies of scale.  There seems to be no way to prevent that without introducing trusted authorities or other things that negate the goal.


If the difficulty drops to (say) 10% of what it is now, it can only be because the price dropped at least as much, and 90% of the miners turned their equipment off.  Then anyone who buys or rents 25% of that idle hashing capacity will have more than 50% of the hashpower and will control the blockchain.


More efficient hashing chips will not reduce the energy consumption.  They will only allow more chips to be brought into the hashforce.  Then the difficulty will increase, until the energy consumtion is about the same as before.
The amount of energy consumed (kWh/day) is R x P / E where R is the block reward rate (BTC/day), P is the price (USD/BTC), and E is the energy cost (USD/kWh).  Note that the hashrate is not relevant.


Of the changes needed to fix the protocol problems, some are forbidden by the goals of the protocol.  Others would be good, but would be resisted by those who are invested.  Others would require one of more brilliant inventions.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:11:48
Bitcoin already made it possible for anyone anywhere to invest in Neo&amp;Bee, Bitcoin Savings &amp; Trust, BitcoinRain, Moolah, ....
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:46:55
If those exchanges do not have full insurance, why would using them instead of Bitstamp or BTC-e prevent another MtGOX?
The SEC is does not want funds that are too risky, anywhere in the US; but does not care about exchanges.
In New York, it is Lawsky's office who would be blamed if they allowed another MtGOX.   Since there is no way to prevent an exchange from losing thair cold wallets overnight, and no insurance to protect customers when that happens, the only thing that Lawsky could do to avoid another MtGOX in his backyard would be to prohibit exchanges from operating there..
@_date: 2015-05-12 14:08:11
Because the payback and profit for people who buy bitcoin now can come from only one source: from people who will buy bitcoin in the future.
It is not like the stock of a bona-fide company, that is a title of ownership of an entity that actually creates new concrete wealth.  The payback and profit of owners of such stock is the company's concrete assests (factories, stores, inventories, patents, etc.) plus that that extra concrete wealth that it creates.  
@_date: 2015-05-20 03:13:17


That is my suspicion, too.
And it is also possible that their ASIC may have been too slow to come out.  So, even if it has smaller features, perhaps it is totally uncompetitive.  That could explain why they are trying to push it for embedded use rather than industrial mining, why they emphasize "a satoshi mined on the spot is worth more than one bought at the market" -- and why they gave no performance figures.
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:25:17
It is one-and-a-half-entry accounting, version 2.0.
@_date: 2015-05-25 03:31:58
Defintely it holds also for 42 relative to 32.  But at 32 most people usually have already chosen their career.  When I was 22 was single and I still had no idea of whether I would be going to academia, industry, anything.  At 32 I was married with 1 kid, and had already invested 8 years in one career and specialty.  That choice brought its values, habits, hopes...
@_date: 2015-05-05 17:46:40
Tell that to [**this guy**]( please.
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:30:28


I am not a believer: I think that bitcoin is a terrible investment for anyone, and is not good enough for serious use as a currency (millions of common users, large amounts of money, etc.).  It was not meant to be a ponzi, but it became a huge and stupid one.  To be a good thing for mankind, it should return to being a technical experiment run only by interested computer nerds, each investing hundreds of dollars at most.
That said, I suppose that 1 million users doing on average 10 transactions per day would be a very comfortable upper bound, hardly to be reached on the premise above.  By my arithmetic that would be ~120 tx/sec, is that right?


For "business" reasons, the fee should be A + B x V where V is the total output amount.  The base fee A could be (say) 0.00005 BTC (about 0.01 USD), and the percentage B could be 0.5%.
(The return-change outputs should be excluded somehow, but the rule to identify them must be such that users cannot exploit it for fee evasion.)
I would also add an "inflation tax" based on the number of blocks between the creation of each input UTXO and the current block, equivalent to (say) 1% per year. But bitcoiners would never agree to this. 8D


Currently, almost entirely from rewards (3600 BTC/day).  The fees are negligible (~15 BTC/day on average).


@_date: 2015-05-13 03:28:23


You did not state any points except the one I replied to.  You linked to several lengthy articles that assume goals that I claim are wrong, use lots of arguments that I find wrong, etc..  Do you want me to write another 10 articles refuting them?
@_date: 2015-05-05 10:53:53
You don't say. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:21:50


What do you mean?  Those articles, interviews, Bloomberg slots, ... they are not just interesting personalities who happened to talk about bitcoin *en passant*, between a baseball game and fine wine.   That is undisguised marketing, trying to convince people to buy bitcoins (or bitcoin fund shares).  
Here, on this subreddit, bitcoiners post all the time about they efforts to convince others (even their parents and grandparents) to use and invest in bitcoins.  


I have yet to meet a bitcoiner in person, but I have ben told many times that I should invest (and stop telling people not to), on twitter and on these forums.


Mike Hearn and Gavin have posted something along these lines.  As you know, some bitcoiners want the block size to remain 1MB and traffic jams be resolved by fees.  Mike and Gavin, if I understood correctly, say that the transition to fees will be traumatic -- and that is my understnading too.
@_date: 2015-05-12 00:15:19
Bitcoin is a gamble, a lottery with unknown odds and unknown prizes.
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:08:23


I read the paper months ago.  My recollection is that they never defined what sidechains were *not*, and some examples that they gave seemed more general than your definition (merge-mined blockchains).
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:30:50
I bet that the CTO knew English very well.  
By the way: was he the one who said on an interview "a 3 billion euro hedge fund will start trading on our platform"?  (Many thought that the fund would be trading BTC on OKCoin, and the BTC price spiked; but what he probably meant is that it would license OKCoin's trading software for its own use.)
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:05:06


The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) should be the proper  agency to contact.  They are already intervening in the BFL case.
@_date: 2014-12-09 20:56:48
Well, SecondMarket now says that they got 48'000 BTC, and the other 2000 must be Draper's.
I would expect syndicate bids to range from market price to well below it. 
But it seems that we will never know the prices of this auction, either.  Yet another item for the bulging database of Missing Data about the Bitcoin Economy...
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:06:07


Most Chinese bitcoiners can use bitcoins only to mine them, or to trade within the exchanges.   They cannot use it for e-payments.  Miners can esily adapt to 20 MB blocks and shoud have little preference for one size or the other. The block size is totally irrelevant for trading in the exchanges, since the trades are all done off the blockchain.  The latter is used only when withdrawing or depositing bitcoins to the exchange, when delays and fees are not terribly important.
@_date: 2015-05-23 02:21:58


Today I learned that the guy who bought the famous 10'000 BTC pizza got his coins by mining with a GPU, for which he got this email from Satoshi:


That quote does not refer to the risk of centralization per se, but to me it suggests that, *at the time*, he was still hoping that mining would remain reasonably well distributed, even if among many GPU clusters.
Satoshi surely was aware that a single miner with more than half of the total hashpower could control the blockchain, and therefore frustrate its goal of being a "trustlesss" payment system.
@_date: 2015-05-07 06:12:28
But, if there is no predefined limit, a miner cannot tell whether his blocks are too big for some clients, and clients will never know how big a block the miners may post.
Why introduce the complexity and unknown risks of    "block size discovery" by trial and error (which may not even work), if those problems can be solved trivially by having a max block size that everybody knows and is prepapred to handle?
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:20:32
Well, that is my point. I don't see how usage and fees  can evolve so as to avoid failure.
@_date: 2015-05-20 03:18:11
Because the national currencies never claimed to be decentralized.  Bitcoin does (and that is its *only* advantage).
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:38:14
One of those early buyers posted to bitcontalk too; he was already a BIT inevestor.
@_date: 2015-05-25 22:24:28
I think that the "bitcoin protocol" designed by Satoshi is a major advance towards the development of a p2p payment system that does not depend on trusted third party etc.   The implementation that goes by that name was a great experiment that worked surprisingly well for the lat 6 years.  However, it still has some flaws that prevent it from reaching that stated goal.  One of them is the inevitable centralization of mining, which already requires users to trust the top 4 mining pools, because they could do many bad things if they conspired to do it. (Actually, users must trust any combination of pools that add more than half of the total hashrate; but combinations with many small pools are unlikely to conspire, so one only needs to worry about cartels forming among the top 10 pools or so.)  Other problems are the lack of mechanisms to reward the relay nodes that are not miners, to stabilize the price, to adjust fees and rewards to the volume of usage, and to correct errors and thefts.  The PoW method is too expensive, the transaction fee (when it will be significant) will be unpredictable by clients, and there is no service guarantee.  The processing per client is proportional to the number of clients N, rather than K log(N) where K is the number of commercial partners as one woudl expect.  The fixed supply creates the expectation of price increase and therefore encourages hoarding.  And maybe more.
Some of these flaws could be fixed, for example by specifying an exact (not minimum) transaction fee formula in the protocol, and including an "inflation tax" that grows exponentially with the age of the input coins.  However, the second change would never be accepted by the users who have invested in bitcoin.  Fixes for other flaws may require storing the ledger as a more complicated data structure than a linear list, or providing distributed and reliable auxiliary index structures of some sort.  And others, like error/theft correction and price stabiization, would require a few more brilliant inventions.  
Then there are social and political problems, such as the extremely skewed distribution of coin holdings, the lack of legal support (it records possession, not ownership), its use as a tool of crime, the risks to national security, etc.)  One thing that puzzles me is why the US government is so friendly towards a project that is meant to evade the AML controls that it built at great cost.  Perhaps one day that policy will change, and bitcoin will be banned in the US and allied nations, as it is in China -- or worse.
But the most objectionable problem that I see now is the attempt by many bitcoin investors and entrepreneurs to "sell" bitcoin as a good investiment to people who are not capable of evaluating its risks, and the probability of it "going to the moon".  Those attempts are generally selfish, because the only way those "salesmen" will make profit from their investment is by taking money from new investors; and they need to convince investors to pour more than 1 M USD/day just to sustain the price..  Given the total uncertainly about the future of the price (which even experts cannot predict or explain), "selling" bitcon as a good investment is basically scamming.  I hope those "snake oil salesmen" go bankrupt.
@_date: 2015-05-11 17:20:50
Most merchants "accept bitcoin" through a payment processor like BitPay or Coinbase, that converts the bitcoins into dollars and sends these to the merchantś  bank account.  Perhaps the payment processors can be convinced to send part to another bank account. 
But the best way (and perhaps the one less likely to get him in trouble with the IRS) is for the merchant to send one lump of money to the charity at the end of the week or month.  After all, the merchant will want to send 10% of his cash and card payments to the charity, too.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:34:49
Troll = one who tells the obvious truth?
@_date: 2014-12-14 20:44:50
There is also a subforum for trading scam accusations:
[Bitcoin Forum &gt; Economy &gt; Trading Discussion &gt; Scam Accusations](
@_date: 2014-12-31 08:35:40
But where in the paper does it say that sidechains *have* to be distributed, public, etc?  How will that be enforced?  What are those "certain rules", and who is "everyone"? (Banks and governments too?)
Indeed, Bitpay is all you say.  But sidechains can be all that too.
@_date: 2014-11-27 12:02:41
What a stupid reply. Blame the victim for using the most popular wallet with the most popular secure routing service...
@_date: 2014-11-29 13:15:42
Are you confusing the internet (created by DARPA in the 1970s) with the World Wide Web (HTTP protocol/browser/servers and HTML, created by Berners-Lee around 1990)?
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:24:59
As of september 2014 there were about ~650'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC or more.  I would think that 650'000 is an upper limit to the number of "serious bitcoiners" (as opposed to people who just bought a tiny amount to try, and did not "adopt" it really).
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:24:07
I mean, considering the minimum fee formula and minimum output value, what would be the cost of storing 1 kB of data in the blockchain?  Someone else on this thread wrote that it would be about $1 at current BTC price.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:29:41
And you should check reality and notice that what happens in practice is not at all like what should be possible in theory.
Just to begin with: do you check, line by line, every critical program that you use, to make sure that it does not have bugs? Or do you trust that the code you downloaded is correct?
Another thread posted today tells of how a bitcoiner lost 6$ because of a malware app on his Android smartphone.  And you must have known of the priivate keys exposed by a bug in the code provided by Blockchain.Info.  And the 84 BTC transaction fee chosen by a wallet recovery tool provided by BitGo.
@_date: 2015-05-23 03:57:57
It is defintiely a fiat currency. As per the definiton that I quoted: "an intrinsically useless object or record, that is widely accepted as a means of payment". 
I understand that you don't like that conclusion, because in your world view  "fiat" is a filthy thing while bitcoin is sacred.  So you rejected that reference and picked another that supported your view.  If it makes you happy, have your way...
("Fiat", in case you don't know, means "let it be made" in Latin; by analogy to the famous Biblical verse, the word it is used in general to refer to something that was created out of nothing, simply because someone decided to create it.  Can be by government, but also by God, by a CEO, by a committee, or by a semi-divine anonymous computer engineer...)
@_date: 2014-11-20 07:55:27
A large enough cartel can block or throttle the transactions in the old-protocol blockchain to force clients to upgrade to the new protocol and use the new-protocol fork, while replicating all transactions in that fork.  This manoeuver is easier to do with 67% of the hashpower, but I believe it can be done also with 51%.
@_date: 2015-05-25 04:18:10
Net neutrality is essential for bitcoin, but also independently of bitcoin.  Without it, everybody would have only an Apple-like totalitarian internet, that decides what services you can access and what protocols you can use, and blocks any data that it cannot decipher to its liking.
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:31:14
Bitcoin Tracker One (BITCOIN-XBT) daily trading summary:
    Date       !  PRLO !   PRHI !   VNOT !       VSEK !      SPNX ! SPUX !   UPBX ! OBS       
    -----------+-------+--------+--------+------------+-----------+------+--------+-----------
    015-05-18  |  9.66 |   9.73 | 189783 | 1837195.92 |   9.68051 | 8.24 | 234.96 |           
    015-05-19  |  9.61 |   9.72 | 109376 | 1057572.27 |   9.66914 | 8.35 | 231.60 |           
    -----------+-------+--------+--------+------------+-----------+------+--------+-----------
Data from [the BITCOIN-XBT page at NetFonds.se](
PRLO = Lowest price in specified day.
PRHI = Highest price in the specified day.
VNOT = Number of notes (shares) traded in day.
VSEK = Trade volume in SEK (sum over all trades of num of notes times price per note).
SPNX = Average note price in SEK for that day = VSEK/VNOT.
SPUX = Assumed SEK/USD currency exchange rate (typically from Google at end of that day).
UPBX = Average implied USD/BTC price ignoring fees = SPNX*200/SPUX
@_date: 2015-05-09 01:55:40


Coinbase too boasted of "FDIC insurance for USD accounts", but reading the FAQ it seemed that it was only *Coinbase's* account *on their bank* that was insured by FDIC against failure *of the bank*.  
So, what does itBit's "FDIC insurance" mean, exactly?
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:26:31
The mining network will always adapt to the price and continue to work.  The risk there is mining becoming even more concentrated, and in there being more hashpower turned off, in the hands of desperate ex-miners, than turned on and mining.
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:51:46


What precious trade secrets could those coinbase addresses reveal? 
I find the scant evidence provided to the reporters more disturbing than reassuring. Roger Ver's "audit" of MtGOX's finances comes to mind...  If GAW cares for their reputation, they should do more than that.
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:53:56
Obviously that is *my* reading of those quotes.  You can find the quotes, and tell us what exactly they say about bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-29 04:43:26
A victim of forgery gets called liar, forger, fraudster, and insolvent, and is forced to spend 20 k$ to clear his name.  And then an aptly named user calls it a "temper tantrum". 
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:41:46
No, previous bubbles must have been due to the opening of other markets or applications (e.g. readers of Wired, or customers of SilkRoad and other dark web sites); and the simplest explanation for why the price often started decaying after each peak would be that most of the users who bought bitcoin while they were "hot" lost interest, sold or spent all the coins that they had bought, and did not buy more.
@_date: 2015-05-03 15:09:50
It is an overgeneralization, of course.  But it is amazing how even the most obvious scammer will get plenty of victims just by posing as a bitcoin entrepreneur.  How could bitcoiners fall for Danny Brewster's Neo&amp;Bee, for PirateAt40's ponzi, for Garza's PayCoin, and hundreds of other scams?  Those victims clearly don't have a kindergarten level of business savy.  
And, when the scam collapses, you see them totally at a loss about what to do -- because they have no idea of how to complain to the police, or even tell other victims to *avoid* the police.  Instead they will post irate messages to forums, sometimes arguing with the scammer for months on end, as if they believed that they would get their money back that way. (For, nowadays you can get everything through the internet, right?).  In the MtGOX bankruptcy forum, for example, the victims seem obsessed only with getting their refunds in BTC rather than JPY, and clearly have no idea about what bankruptcy means, or what is the perspective of judges and trustees.  (And many even supported the Sunlot proposal to buy and reopen MtGOX, giving them all the remaining MtGOX BTC.)
Of course, the bitcoin media is to blame in large part, because they will usually hype the scam rather than denounce it. (It is a matter of who is paying their salaries, of course).
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:27:00
Yeah, that would be a bad thing indeed...
@_date: 2015-05-08 14:37:32
No connection to this topic whatsoever, but I wonder: is there a market where one can buy private keys for addresses that used to hold N coins until recently, before they were emptied?  Or a service that will move any specified number N of coins between two addresses,  and/or sign messages with the key of an address with N coins in it, for a small fee?
@_date: 2015-05-09 19:03:45


Static buffers can be swapped out of memory momentarily (if the computer has virtual memory) only by competition with other programs.  Apart from that, once the program starts, a static storage area is always available and in RAM.
If the program allocates and/or re-allocates a buffer dynamically, with an unbounded size, then every time it does that it may get a memory allocation failure.  When it frees a 20 MB buffer and later allocates a 21 MB one, it may be unable to use the previous 20 MB area, if something else was allocated near it.  The same may happen if the next allocation is for a 22 MB area, or even a 19 MB area.  After a thousand allocations and de-allocations, the allocation may fail, even though there is plenty of free memory.  A malicious miner could exploit this problem to knock out clients or competitors...
For critical software, testing is necessary, but not enough.  One must check line by line and make sure that it is correct.  That is the only way to avoid errors that occur only in rare situations, like overflows.  However, it is impossible to do that if the program does dynamic allocation, because one cannot make sure that the allocation will succeed -- even if the computer and OS are working as they should.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:06:21


Yes, I am assuming that the two branches will be just like two independent cryptocoins; and that, apart from the transient at the fork, they could both maintain a 10 minute-per-block rate.  So, clients and services would not need to choose: they could handle both coins at the same time, independently.
However, I expect that the sum of the prices will be at most equal to the price of the original coin.  Since miners can easily migrate between the two coins,  once one of them randomly starts to lose value relative to the other, holders will try to sell it to buy the other one. Thus I guess that the prices would quickly evolve to (X,0) or (0,X).
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:48:46
Oh, right, I forgot those.  There is still hope. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-25 05:37:13
Not at all.  
There are physical laws that imply that making gold will be terribly difficut.  To overcome those laws one would have to discover truly revolutionary new physical processes, with the apprpriate consequences.  Not very liekly.
On the other hand, there is no mathematical theory that would yield a non-trivial lower bound to the difficulty of finding the private key from the public one, or from the address.  A bright teenager may well find tmorrow an algorithm that does that in a millisecond.
However, if that happened, there would be much worse consequences than the collapse of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:03:05


Because it is not easy to find people willing to put 800'000 dollars into the system every day.  In january 2014 you could find people willing to put almost 3 million dollars a day into the system.  Obviously, now there are no more people willing to pay 250 $ for 1 BTC, but there are still people willing to pay 232 $/BTC, enough to buy at least 3600 BTC every day at that price.  Perhaps a few more people may be convinced to pay a little more tomorrow, if some really good news come out, or some untapped market is developed.  But the opposite may also happen...  The investment-based economy of the system is unsustainable.


The price is not "within fairly narrow ranges".  It has varied +/- 5% over the past 20 days; that may seem stable for bitcoin, but it is crazy by any other standard.  Especially since those 5% variations come as sharp unpredictable jumps rather than gradual change.  That is typical of speculative prices: when the price is tied to fundamentals, any sudden drop or spike, caused by a large trade, is quickly corrected by other traders.  Instead, after each jump the bitcoin price usually stays where the jump ended -- showing the traders have no other reference for the price other than the price itself.


Indeed it should.  One can compute what the price should be if no one were hoarding bitcoins, and people only held it for a couple of weeks at most, between earning and spending.  It comes out to less than 10 $/BTC, perhaps much less.  That is how much is still could drop...


Look closely and you will see that none of that VC money is going into buying bitcoins.  Why would VC investors give their money to a bunch of young nerds to gamble on bitcoin's price? All those companies are expecting to make money by taking a slice of the money that flows through the bitcoin system; which is basically those 800'000 $/day that goes from new investors to the miners, plus an unknown amount that goes from those investors to the early adopters who are cashing out.  Those companies expect to make money even if the price continues dropping, as long as bitcoin survives another year or two.  
Moreover, most of that VC investment was negotiated in 2014, some even in late 2013, when everybody believed that the USD volume flowing through the system would again grow 10x as it did in 2013.  Some of those companies are known to be in bad shape because of the large price drop that happened instead.  BitPay had to cancel the St. Petersburg Bowl sponsorship and lay off people, several companies have quietly folded, the BIT fund stopped growing in May 2014, many miners and ASIC and rig makers are going broke, Coinbase and Circle seem to be moving towards USD-to-USD services...
@_date: 2015-05-13 11:52:43
They plan to do a *very* small scale test; they have not done it yet.
@_date: 2015-05-13 05:00:33


Yes, that is what it says in the whitepaper; and all the features of the protocol were designed and tuned to achieve that goal. 


I explained: it is anchored to things that change slowly with time, and partially predictable. Mainly the volume (USD/day) of payments being made in the world, which may increase with adoption, decrease with competition from other payment methods, surge in December, etc..  As opposed to speculative price, that is not anchored to anything, and can drop 50% in one day if some Chinese official sneezes too hard. 


It has to be good enough for a month or two, basically that the loss of value between "earn" and "spend" be negligible.  But it should not good enough that people start hoarding it.  Hoarding makes the value go up, which makes people hoard it more, which replaces its natural, fundamented value by overinflated speculative value. 
Savings should be placed in a vehicle that is *meant* to be a safe store of value, like savings accounts or bonds.


Not exactly.  Inflation is good for a *currency* because it saves it from becoming a speculation instrument.  Speculation makes its value volatile and unpredictable, which makes it a bad payment instrument.  Bitcoin is a perfect example of that.  
BTW: I, particularly, do not consider "volume of trade" a meaningful metric of the goodness of an economy.  And inflation does not reduce the wealth of a country, it only takes some of that wealth from citizens and gives it to whoever issues the currency (banks or govermnet). 
Hoarding *wealth* is not necessarily a bad thing.   But a currency is not wealth, it is just a generic "IOU" that entitles you to get wealth from the society at a later time, when you spend it.  Hoarding *a currency* is bad for the currency, and hurts the economy because of that.


That, again, is the day-trader's notion of economy.  It is like saying that "the cause of rain is water falling from the sky in drops".   Day traders don't know what the word "fundamentals" means, and do not want to know.  Nor "dividends", "product", "capital assets", ... or the money veolocity equation (which is not even economy, just math).


Huh?  Bitcoin is failing as a currency (and you can hear the rustle of feet as the gurus run away from it, and take refuge in the "blockchain technology" mirage).  Bitcoin will not make an itch on any economy.


Only a fool (or someone who is trying to evade the law) would choose to store wealth by hoarding a currency.  *As a currency*, the dollar is one of the best, and bitcoin one of the worst.  As a store of value, the dollar is not good, and bitcoin is terrible.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 05:29:39
The danger of a 51% attack (not foressen in the whitepaper) is not so much from a hostile entity, but from the miners themselves. 
Currently, mining equipment is obsolete after a year or so.  Therefore miners do not have a strong incentive to preserve bitcoin's value beyond that time. 
On the other hand, a miner has a strong incentive to get the largest slice of the hashpower that he can right now, because his revenue depends on that. Miners also have an incentive to merge in order to reduce their risk.  
Cetralization by itself may not kill bitcoin outright; only some users will be upset.  For many, it will not matter.   Centralization allows the "monarchs" to set fees and other policies so as to maximize their revenue, while their equipment is viable.
There is no way to know whether ghash.io has indeed reduced their hashpower; they may be using other names.  There is no way to know whether the top miners have formed a cartel.  
@_date: 2014-11-26 06:35:42
The company must be doing it. 
@_date: 2015-05-02 03:54:21


Well, the industry leaders surely know that they are not Lawksy's bosses.  He has his mission (and his view of his mission), and has no obligation to make them happy, agree with their views, or grant their requests, no matter how much they insist.


Yes, of course.  Why should they pre-approve any changes that the companies may decide to do to their services?
@_date: 2015-05-12 14:24:42


No. Land is expected to retain its value because it is very likely that people will need it to live on, grow food, build factories; so one can rationally expect that the demand 10 years from now will be at least as strong as today.  Even if there is an economic crisis, land may lose half its value, but almost certainly not 95% of it, or become worthless.  (Unless one is stupid and buys during an obvious real estate bubble, or is unlucky enough to have four nuclear reactors explode half a mile down the road.)


Well, all I know about it tells me that it is far more likely to become worthless than becoming a significant method or payment or some other valuable service.
@_date: 2015-05-05 03:23:47


Every discipline has lots them.  In geology, for example, people can describe earthquakes with amazing precision and detail, but still cannot predict them.  Meteorites.  Epidemics. Airplane crashes.  Tornadoes.  


The model does say some non-trivial things about the price history.  For example, that there is no justification to assume an overall exponential trend over the whole history:  once one models each bubble, with the simplest model that fits it, there is no residual growth left.  Moreover, if the model is "right" (in the sense of being connected to the causes of the price movements), it shows that what the price did before 2013-11 is irrelevant for the future; while, on the other hand, the 2013-11 bubble is still dominating the price today. It also shows that the next bubble cannot be detected before it starts, and its height cannot be predicted beefore it stops rising. And a few other things...
@_date: 2015-05-05 12:46:17
Circle surely holds some BTC for their operations.  If they are professionally managed, like GS says, they must keep most of their assets as USD or other stable stores of value.  Their BTC holdings is not what makes Circle valuable to Goldman Sachs. (Articles give actual quotes from GS explaining why they invested in Circle. They say "digital payments", and don't mention bitcoin.)
As a publicly traded company, GS has to file quarterly and yearly financial reports with the SEC.  If they had any BTC, people would know (like we know the BTC holdings of Overstock, Fortress IG, and DigitalBTC).
@_date: 2015-05-27 12:20:55
The question is whether a bitcoin transaction request issued after the forking block would be recognized and processed by both versions, or only by one.  
I believe that the safest option would be for the transaction requests to be version-specific: after the forking block, transactions issued by v0.11 clients would be recognized and processed only by v0.11 nodes and miners, and ditto for the laggard v0.10 clients.
While this perfect split would lead to some confusion ("which bitcoins did you send, v0.10 or v0.11?"), the alternative design (each transaction request is in principle valid for both branches) would quickly lead to chaos. At first, some transactions would be included in the v0.11 chain but not in the v0.10 chain because of space limitations (e.g. a single transaction larger than 1MB).  Then double-spend attemps on those coins would succeed on the v0.10 chain but be rejected in the v0.11 chain.  And so on.
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:44:12


Where did bitcoiners get this silly idea that people invest in currencies?  Only criminals and financial illiterates would do that.  Currencies are designed for payments, not to store one's wealth or to generate revenue.   Bitcoin tried to be both a currency and an investment medium, and is failing at both, because the two ends get in each other's way...
There is a world of difference between estimating the future demand for a company's product, or the demand for living and office space in a neighborhood, and estimating the future demand for a mainly speculative instrument like gold or bitcoin.  The former is about events and processes in the real world, that usually change slowly according to "laws" that one can reason about.  The latter is about the future mood of other speculators, which of course cannot be predicted rationally.  The former is acting in the concrete economy, the latter is just gambling at a roulette with unknown prizes and unknown odds.
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:00:02
Yes it is.  There is no other source of money in the system.  The profit of early adopters who cash out, be it tomorrow or 20 years from now, can only come from the money provided by those who will be buying coins at the time. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:42:26
I am trying to warn my compatriots.  Fortunately they seem to be smart enough to stay away from bitcoin.  For now at least.
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:09:16


There are reasons to believe that over 90% of the traffic in the blockchain is not e-payments, but "spam" and other pointless transactions that are issued only because they are essentially free.  So, it is not the block size that is holding back adoption.


The price of bitcoin too is determined almost entirely by speculative demand, not by demand due to use for payments.  Optimistically, the latter would justify a price of 5 $/BTC or less.  People buy bitcoins for 240 $/BTC today because they expect it to be worth more than that tomorrow, or next year.  But these expectations are not based on adoption either.


Today, mining consumes as much electricity as a small country.  If the price was 2400 $/BTC, it would consume 10x as much.  Miners would earn 10 million $/day of revenue. All that money would have to come from new investors buying the coins that they mine.  That money would not go back to the investors; they would have to find more such investors, putting even more money into bitcoin, in order to get their money back.  Where are all those investors going to come from?  
@_date: 2015-05-28 14:24:55
*You* wrote "involved expenses, staff",  "a semi serious project in developped countries", etc.  The OP did not think that the attack requires any "staff"; neither do I.
@_date: 2014-12-14 20:38:17
On OKCoin, it just went up and down practically at the same time.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:48:21


They could do that AND, at the same time, fill the other chain with empty blocks (or blocks full of bogus transactions created by them), so that the coins in that chain will be unable to move.
But the 1 MB x 20 MB issue has little impact on them.  They will probably not bother, and just go with the crowd.  Most users are going to upgrade anyway, because Gavin's will be "the newest version of bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:38:44
Nothing to worry about.  The surge of dust transactions must have tripped some obscure safety switch that crashed all the miners, that is all. ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-09 01:49:05
Isn't this what Circle and Coinbase are about to offer? (Namely, keep the client's accounts as USD but pretend that it is in variable BTC, and sell him BTC instantly if and when he tries to withdraw or spend BTC.)
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:12:13
It is pretty clear that it was Chinese demand that created the Nov/2013 bubble, and probably the Apr/2013 one too.  (The price at MtGOX and other Western exchanges was clearly lagging behind that of BTC-China and OKCoin during the rally.  The "Willy" robot at MtGOX was probably trying to profit from the bubble, rather than causing ir.)  [**This article**]( explains where that demand came from and why it was so huge.  
(The decline in price since Dec/2013 is also clearly due to those Chinese day-traders cashing out - perhaps because of losses unavoidable in the zero-sum game of day-trading perhaps because the Shanghai stock market has become available to them, and is booming while bitcoin is falling.   If the Nov/2013 bubble were to deflaet completely, before a new bubble comes along, the price might drop back to 150 $/BTC or so.  If the Apr/2013 bubble deflates, too, the price could go down to 50 $/BTC or less.)
@_date: 2014-12-21 13:20:31
That has nothing to do with push vs pull, it has to do with companies keeping data that give access to your money.  Something that exchanges and Coinbase do with bitcoin too.  
MtGOX (and many other such companies) claimed that they lost their clients' coins because hackers stole them.  In most cases that was probably a lie, but it is plausible enough that we cannot dismiss it.  The main difference between that and hackers stealing CC data from Target or Sony is that few if any clients actually lost money in these CC leaks.
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:40:12
Yes, I agree that the blockchain does not make sense without a currency.  (No surprise there: it was designed to implement a currency, not any of those "opportunistic" applications.)
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:56:47


If the mining network shrinks to a few thousand PCs doing it "for the cause" (because the block rewards and fees are not worth doing it for profit), then any botnet or large datacenter could overwhelm them all.  Or any old industrial mine that is bought at scrap iron prices.
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:28:59
 As noted in my [other respose]( the airlines (like any business) must make sure that their *total* revenue covers their *total* cost.  Otherwise they strive to charge consistent fees depending on the origin, destination, time of day, number of stops and transfers, and other factors *that the client can perceive as quality of the service that he gets*.  It is not uncommon for them to charge the same price when the flight is half-empty and when it is full.
More importantly, their clients know beforehand how much the flight will cost, and what they will get for that money.  They don't have to guess a price, and hope that it will be enough to get them on the next plane -- and get no refund if they paid too much, or if the next plane takes off without picking up any passengers.
@_date: 2015-05-17 10:55:25
Bitcoin already had one reward halving, on 2012-11-28 (from 50 to 25 BTC).  There was no significant effect on the price, that remained practically constant for another 5 weeks.
However, the mining scene was very diferent then from what it is now.  It would be naive to assume that the outcome will be the same.   For that reason, one cannot use the Litecoin case as a guide either.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:17:48
Well, are there minimally plausible numbers for that, year by year?
@_date: 2015-05-20 02:34:24
Because the price of bitcoin is still defined mainly by the Chinese day-traders who were responsible for the Nov/2013 bubble, and probably also for the Apr/2013 one.  
Since bitcoin cannot be used for e-payments or online gambling in China, the bitcoin scene there is basically day-trading, mining, and mining equipment manufacture.
Those Chinese day-traders are not necessarily computer-savy.  Before enthusiastically adopting bitcoin,  they used to day-trade in commodities like fermented tea and garlic.  They are basically gamblers that bet on bitcoin price changes, as if the exchanges were online casinos. They generally ignore the "good news" in the "West" (the world outside mainland China), in the same way that Western traders generally ignore Chinese events and news.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:58:42
Everybody will get their bitcoins duplicated in the new chain, at the same addresses and accessibel with the same keys, whether they like it or not.  A majority cartel can block all transactions on the old chain for as long as they want (while collecting all block rewards on it, and a majority of the rewards on the new chain).  Miners working on the old chain will see any block that they mine become orphaned in short order; so they will not collect any rewards.  All users (including miners, merchants, funds) will be unable to move their coins while the jamming lasts.  Traders would still be able to trade within exchanges, but they will not be able to withdraw bitcoins unless the exchange upgrades to the new chain -- and then they will only be able to withdraw on the new chain.  There will be no penalty of inconvenience for the users who upgrade before the programmed fork, but total loss for those who don't (until they upgrade, at wich point they will find their coins where they were just before the fork).
@_date: 2015-05-15 21:11:45
Now 'coined' is obsolete; one shoudl say 'mined the expression'.
@_date: 2015-05-23 14:34:42
Funny that the properly signed version of the contract (v7) had an early termination clause for Ver, but not one for OKCoin.  Even the 6-month advance warning in the unsigned/forged version (v8) seems too restrictive. I would think that neither version was seen by a lawyer or by someone used to such contracts.
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:38:03
A rather stretched example... Sharing bandwidth with stangers is complicated, sometimes I want to watch a movie without hiccups; will my neighbors still want to pay for a lower speed seervice during that period? 
Why should my neighbors' devices pay to my router?  It is my neighbors who would have to pay me. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 18:24:51
Twice in blockchains history, the blockchain had to be "rewound" by dozens of blocks.  The transactions in the orphaned blocks were replayed in the new branch; but, in one case, a substantial double-spend happened.  So, empirically, the chances of a block being orphaned after 6 or more confirmations is much higher than the theoretical calculation. 
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:13:10
Will my toaster have to file an income tax report every year, and keep track of all its bitcoin transactions and hourly BTC prices to figure out its capital gains?  Or will 21.co do that service for it? (Er, should I say "him" instead of "it"?)
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:11:54
The link is dead.  Is there a good link?
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:48:51
I understand that OP's goal was just to assemble a list of objections.
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:32:51


What makes you think that they would keep the bitcoins, instead of selling them immediately?  What makes you think that they really believe in the long-term success of bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-05-25 04:22:55


I understood that the bounty is for anyone who can prove that the document v8 was indeed received by OKCoin from their CTO in Dec/2014.  Ver claims that Start Xu, specifically, forged it.
@_date: 2015-05-12 05:15:30
The problem is that the price then, as now, will not be anchored on anything.   Why should 1 BTC be worth 240 dollars, or 2400, or 24?  It will not be because of demand from those secondary uses.  (Factom will not need more than a couple hundred satoshis per day o less.)  The price will be entirely speculative: it will be 240 if people expect that it will be 250 next week, 2400 if people expect it to be 2500 next week.  But those expectations are in turn determined by expectations about the price in the following week, and so on.  It is a recursion without a base case, and therefore it does not yield a definite estimate of the price.  So, any wave of pessimism among traders could push the price down, and wave of optimism will push it up.  Eventually people will realize that the emperor has no clothes, and rush for the exit... 
@_date: 2015-05-17 21:21:41


It makes all the difference.  Bitcoin's cap is relevant *only because it is guaranteed to be exhausted in a known and short time frame*.  Suppose that the bicoin cap was 21 trillion instead of 21 million, and no one could predict how the block reward would change in the next 100 years, not even whether it would decrease or increase.  Then, the fact that the amount was ultimately finite would make absolutely no difference.  No sane person would invest today in a complicated financial-technological virtual instrument whose supply *may* run out 100 years in the future...


But the problem is not the inflation (that should cause a modest *decrease* of the price); it is the absurd *increase* in the price since 2009, that is not justified by its utility as payment.  That was due to speculative hoarding, due in turn to the expectation of even greater price increases in the future.  Its problems as a currency come from it being ultimately deflationary, not from being temporarily inflationary.
@_date: 2014-11-25 20:53:07
You did not annoy me, only I think that you are wasting your time by not seeking legal counsel. 
The method that I described is not *my* method, it is the method that (according to the little I know) is typically used in such cases.  So it is useless to discuss what would be the best method; you must first know whether there is a choice.
Whenever the law does not specify what the judge should decide in some case, the judge will look for a precedent -- a case already closed that is sufficiently similar to the one in question -- and take the same decision.  That is why you need to consult a competent lawyer, who knows not only the law but the precedents that could fit MtGOX's bankruptcy.  There may be conflicting precedents, and then your lawyer will point out to the judge the ones that are favorable for you.
The 220'000 coins are indeed owed to the clients, but the question is how they are to be divided.  If one client deposited 10 BTC in 2011, and another one deposited 10 BTC in Nov/2013, do they deserve to get 10 BTC each?  The first one paid maybe 50$ for them, the second one may have paid 10'000$...
If the coins are to be auctioned, the trustee will take care of it.  I do not know whether there will be taxes on that sale.
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:20:48
Bitcoin may not be that for you; but it is definitely that for everybody who hoards bitcoins expecting them to become very valuable in the future.
@_date: 2015-05-14 12:50:44
Aren't you confusing "digital payments" with "bitcoin"?  If you mean the interview that I watched on YouTube, he was not positive about bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2015-05-09 03:29:37
I understood this: if I deposit 1 BTC today at Circle, I will essentially have 240 USD in my account, only that it will be called "1 BTC".  If tomorrow the price goes ot 480 USD/BTC, then I will have "0.5 BTC" in my account (which would eb still 240 dollars).  Is this correct?  If not, is this what they recently announced that they will be doing soon?
@_date: 2015-05-17 21:30:20
Maybe they do it to obfuscate their businesses and/or their customers' transaction history.  BitPay didn't do that, so people have been able to snoop on [**their inputs and outputs since they started**](
@_date: 2015-05-30 01:48:48
[MTGOX price from 2010-07-17 to 2014-02-25](
[Bitstamp price from 2011-09-13 to 2015-04-13](
[Blended price from 2010-07-17 to 2015-04-13](
The goal was to create a file that gives a reference price for BTC in USD  for the Western exchanges.  There is no exchange whose operating life covers the entire life of bitcoin. To get the complete price history, I merged the prices of MtGOX and of Bitstamp, with a smooth transition between 2012-05-01 and 2013-01-31.  
Specifically, before  2012-05-01 the reference price is MtGOX; after 2013-01-31, it is Bitstamp; and between those two dates the reference price is a weighted average of the two prices.  The MtGOX weight changes from 1 to 0 like half of a cosine wave, while the Bitstamp weight changes from 0 to 1 as the complement.  Beware that there are a few gaps in the data (all values set to zero).
The blending process above is used for the opening, high, low, and closing prices, and for the BTC and USD voumes.  The mean price in the day (last column) is computed from the two volumes. 
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:03:00


You mean, burn 6000 USD per day just to convince a bitcoiner who cannot believe that one person can generate millions of transaction requests per day?
@_date: 2015-05-03 16:13:42
Does it reveal more information than shown on [**this site**](  
The site above uses an heuristic to decide which addresse belong to the same owner.  Basically, it assumes that all input addresses to a single transaction have the same owner.  Obviously the heuristic will often fail to identify some addresses as belonging to Bitstamp, and may occasionally lump together addresses of different owners. (Any address that is used with CoinJoin, for example, gets lumped into one big "wallet" by that site.)
The BitGo bug provides an independent way of identifying Bitstamp's transactions.  Offhand, it is not clear which one will be more reliable.  It would be interesting to compare the two.
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:15:25


We don't know that. According to [**this post**]( and [**this post**]( both by a BIT shareholder, there is still some paperwork that they must do before they can give their shares to the brokers to sell; and they do not know how long that will take.
By the way, the data collected by the initiator of that bitcontalk thread, with information from Greyscale's filed documents, implies that most of the extant 1.4 million BIT shares were sold before May/2014, so most of them must be eligible for trading by now.
@_date: 2015-05-17 16:25:21
If it were just a matter of names...
The author is not aware (or does not care) that "digital currency" is quite distinct from "digital payment system".
Bitcoin's goal was to be a radically innovative digital payment system, one that did not depend on central authorities or other trusted intermediaries.  As a means toward that end, it had to create a new digital currency, because the traditional currencies are under the control of local laws and central banks. 
The obstacles to bitcoin's adoption are hardly just naming issues.  Bitcoin has serious substantial shortcomings, both as a payment system (complexity, large and uncertain confirmation delay, limited capacity, unpredictable fees, wasteful implementation, bug risk, hacking risk, no way to correct errors or theft, ...), and as a currency (supply not tied to growth of economy, price fixed by speculation rather than use, inherent volatility, extremely skewed and unfair distribution, no fair way to put the currency in circulation...).   
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:41:03
The 1 million dollars is real wealth taken from other people and given to the miners. Guys sells his car to buy  400 BTC.  Guy works for a day washing windows and buys 1 BTC with his pay, instead of buying a TV.
The destruction of bitcoins does not create any wealth.  If someone loses 400 BTC, the guy without the car is still without the car.  How can he get his car back?  
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:45:55
I am definitely not a bitcoiner, never was. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:13:59


Western Union surely does not issue a 100$ bank transfer to the Philippines every time someone sends 100$ to the Philippines through them.
Rather, an US branch of Western Union takes the 100$ and throws them into their safe box.  Then they tell the appropriate Philippine branch of Western Union to pay 4456.90 PHP to Such and Such.  That branch then takes out that amount of pesos from their safe box gives it to the person.   When the amount of money in one of those safes gets too high or too low, a bucketful of money is transferred to/from some other safe or bank account, possibly by international transfer.  
So, WU tramsfers can be much faster than bitcoins, because they are just sending an authorization to pay between two branches of the same company, that trust each other.  If they impose a delay, it may be for safety.
Bitcoin's only reason to exist is that it allows money transfers between two persons *without the need for a trusted intermediary*.  To achieve that goal, it uses the slow and extremely expensive PoW mining protocol.  However, people who use Western Union obviously consider it a trusted intermediary.  So, the only advantage of bitcoin is useless in that case.
@_date: 2015-05-26 06:10:44
He does not have to understand all details, but just enough to have confidence that his vote will be recorded and not revealed. 
Paper ballots have that property, if the ballot box is always under public view and the votes are counted on the spot (possibly after mixing with a few other boxes from the same voting location). 
Voter-Verified Paper Trail (VVPT) systems have electronic recording but coupled with a paper ballot; either hand-marked and scanned, or printed by the voting terminal.  Either way, the paper ballot must be deposited into a ballot box in such a way that the voter   can tell that it will not be altered or read before being mixed with other ballots; and those paper ballots must be counted manually at the end of the day, as in papwer-only elections.  That way, the voter can trust the voting system, even if he does not understand how the digital part works.
Note that the only purpose of an election is to convince  **the losers** that they do not have a majority of the vote.  If the voting process is arcane, they will (honestly or not) cry foul play and maybe try to "get their rights" by violence.
(VVPT voting machines saved Venezuela from civil war, at least twice.  In the last Brazilian presidential election, that used all-digital machines, the losing party kept claiming fraud for months, and tried to get the Supreme Court to declare the election null and void.) 
The same goes for vote secrecy: not only it must be impossible for anyone to find out how someone voted, but the voter must be convinced of that impossibility.  Otherwise, if he suspects that government/boss/mafia/wife/ *may* read his vote, he may be afraid of reprisals, and will not be free to vote as he wants to.   With digital voting, that goal is rather hard to achieve: one needs to have several machines available, and assign each voter to one of them,  randomly, on the spot.
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:18:43
I have been told that it runs on the same server as bitcointalk.org
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:20:35
Bitcoin needs to fix the mining economy so that it is paid by users, not by new unwary investors.  That would get rid of 90% of the traffic that is irrelevant for bitcoin's goals and is just riding the blockchain because "it is free".  With the right fee formula, that would also discourage the unnecessary grinding of accounts into hundreds of small UTXOs.
However, I don't see how to do that while bitcoins remain so grossly overpriced...
@_date: 2014-12-31 23:18:57
That was a rhetorical question. ;)  No one knows how profitable those bitcoin payment processors have been this year.  Yet people are being told to buy bitcoins because, among other things, "adoption is booming". 
@_date: 2014-11-24 14:51:36
It **should** have grown much faster, because the necessary hardware (internet) is already all there.  However, 5 years later the bitcoin user base is still less than 0.5 million people (probably much less), whereas by 1999 the internet had 250 million users (4.1% of world population).  
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:05:05
Right now, the vast majority of the merchants that "accept bitcoin" only accept dollars from some bitcoin payment processor like BitPay or Coinbase.  So, if you want to purchase things with bitcoins, you are usually forced to use one of those centralized, profit-oriented processors.  Ditto if you decide to buy or sell some bitcoin: you cannot always find individuals to trade with, so you will often be forced  to use one of the centralized, profit-oriented exchanges.
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:19:44


Well, maybe I didn't understand what was  the point of your OP either.  Weren't you saying that bitcoiners have enough money to pay much more than  250 $/BTC?


I don't care about the price per se, but about the fact that the bitcoin system takes every day, on the average, some 800'000 USD from new investors and gives them to the miners, one-way.  This arrangement -- hypertrophied mining paid by new investors, instead of by users -- is not sustainable.  The falling price over the last 16 months is a symptom of that: it is getting harder and harder to find investors willing to put that money into the machine. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:48:06
I thought that CoinJoin also did tumbling.  Are those inputs and outputs actual client inputs and client outputs?  Or are they intermediate UTXOs in a multi-transaction operation?
I thought that CoinJoin was in fact responsible for the "long chains" of short-spaced transactions, that split a (say) 50 BTC input into 500 UTXOs, each with 0.1 BTC, for further tumbling.
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:40:16


Actually you needed them, because the trasaction cost around 9 dollars to process, which were generously paid by those new investors. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:31:26
Company A (as things are now): each employee has a corporate credit card for miscellaneous expenses, plus can ask the Purchases Dept to buy things.   All these expenses, including the corporate credit cards, are paid from the corporate account.
Company B (glorious future):  instead of a corporate card, each employee is given knitting needles and alpaca yarn, and instructed to knit socks while commuting, talking to other people, attending meetings, etc.  Each employee keeps the money that he makes from selling alpaca socks, and uses it for its own expenses.  If an employee runs out of money, or needs a printer or file server for his job, tough luck.  
I fail to see why Company B is better structured than Company A...
@_date: 2015-05-23 13:52:47
Be sure to check the terms of service of the place you are buying BTC from.  Usually the KYC requirements include prohibiting that sort of thing.
@_date: 2015-05-05 23:41:28
I think I read somewhere that some students at least did get the 100$, but most converted it immediately into USD.  Did anyone else read that?  (Maybe it was just the wager, and I mistook it for a fact.)
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:56:01


But this is what does not make sense to me.  I don't expect my dog to earn the cost of its dog chow. Why should I want such financial autonomy from my wifi router or battery charger?
@_date: 2015-05-11 22:48:51


Or maybe because they still haven't forgotten the TelexFree MLM debacle, so they are wary of investments in "wonderful technology that will make you a millionaire". 
It may not be helped also by the story of the BitcoinRain ponzi, and what happened after it collapsed.  (Is Leandro César still a player in the Brazilian bitcoin scene?)
@_date: 2017-02-21 09:42:53


This is surreal. 
Satoshi wrote a detailed description of the protocol in the whitepaper, and hundreds of posts to bitcointalk.org over two full years.  NOWHERE, EVER, did he mention anything remotely resembling a "fee market".  
No, not even in THAT post.  You had to erase the word "flood" to use that sentence, because that word makes it clear that he was not talking of normal operation, not even of a natural surge of traffic.  The "flood" would have to fill a dozen blocks before any clients could realize what  was happening, and used a $0.01 fee, as per his suggestion.  Considering the numbers at the time, the "flood" would have to be on the order of 10'000 times the normal traffic, to do that. 
And his suggestion would work only if the transactions in the 'flood" did not pay any fee -- which would be expected from a spammer, but not from normal traffic in a "fee market" condition.
The only time Satoshi gave some attention to the block size limit was when Jeff Garzik proposed to make it a variable parameter.  Satoshi promptly explained that it would break consensus, and **proceeded to explain how it should be increased when needed**: as a no-brainer maintenance fix, without fuss or voting, with many months of advance warning.
If he had intended the block size limit to be the key to ensuring suitable fees, or an intentional growth limiting instrument, he surely would have mentioned it, there or somewhere else, no?


Then why don't wait for them to ask the developers to help them with the fees?  I haven't heard any miner demand the 1 MB limit.  Even those who reluctantly agreed to run Core for a while, in that infamous Hong Kong meeting, demanded a version with a hard fork to 2 MB as a counterpart (which should have been provided already).


That is totally a lie -- and you know it. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:44:01
There was an immersion-cooled mining installation operating in in Hong Kong last year. (I gather that is has been switched off because the hashrate increase made it uneconomical by now.)  
So the future is kinda old already. 8-)
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:55:13
You mean, the solution is to have a clerk who calls the bus drivers and tries to guess what will be the right fee that will ensure boarding of the next bus.
You can see the problem there: if the number of people who need to board the next bus happens to be greater than the seats available on that bus, that fee is infinite.   In fact, since the driver is not required to fill all the seats, he can raise the fee to anything he wants.
The analogy is not perfect, since in bitcoin there are thousands of drivers, each driver fills his bus with clones of the passengers, then the drivers race for the exit of the depot, and only the first bus to leave gets to collect the ticket fares of his passengers, while all other clones disappear and passengers who did not board the winning bus find themselves back at the platform.
Whatever.  The "clerk" who centralizes the fee information cannot exist, because each miner can set his fee and the clerk cannot tell which one will win the race for the neext block.
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:12:34
Please stop making sense.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:15:37


Well, here is an engineer who doubts whether a bitcoin supported by transaction fees is viable.  If it isn't, then bitcoin does not have a future.
It would be reassuring to have a "business plan" -- a projection of the main variables (BTC price and its increase rate , e-commerce volume, hashes/Joule, difficulty, reward, fee formula and total fee volume, etc.), year by year for the next 50 years.  It should not be taken as a prediction, and it does not even have to be likely; it would serve only to prove that there is at least one viable path from here to there.
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:11:56


I can't imagine why I would want my wallet to generate money to pay for its cost.  It would be nice if it generated money as a byproduct of its operation, but the reason why I do some things that *earn* me money is to be able to *spend* money on *other* things.  I don't expect my lunch to earn money to pay  (or even help pay) the restaurant's bill; why should I expect my router to earn money to pay my internet and electricity bills?
@_date: 2015-05-10 19:36:11
[Pacôme Hégésippe Adélard Ladislas, Count of Champignac](
You need to read *Spirou et Fantasio* if you have not.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:39:30
Actually public key cryptography has *not* been proved secure.  There may well be a fast way to generate the private key from a public key.  The only "proof" is that thousands of smart people have been looking for such an algorithm, for years or decades, in vain; but, mathematically, that does not prove anything.
Public-key cryptography also assumes that each user has a source of bits that is "effectively random", and that he can prevent any potential adversary from knowing or reproducing those "random" bits, the private key, and any key data that is computed during the creation and use of the private key.  There have been hundreds (if not thousands) of cases where users, even sophisticated ones, failed to ensure these conditions, and lost bitcoins as a result. A notable example was the broken RNG posted by Blockchain.Info some months ago, which caused the leaking of hundreds of private keys, and even some cases of the same private key and address being issued to two distinct users.
And the P vs. NP qustion has no relevance whatsoever to practical cryptography (or to practical computation in general).
Moreover, cryptography is only one of the ingredients. The bitcoin protocol also depends on a majority of the human players reacting in certain ways to the incentives and to the action of other players.  That part of the protocol obviously cannot be proved; people have to believe it based on their own experience with human beings.
Finally, it is misleading to claim that "the protocol has not been hacked", if, every time the protocol fails in practice, the blame is placed on something else.  As a matter of fact, twice in the past the blockchain had to be "rewound" by dozens of blocks.  In one case, billions of coins were created from nothing, and in the other case a double-spending occured on a transaction that had been confirmed many times over.  Bitcoin defenders of course claim that these incidents were not "bugs in the protocol"; but, from the practical viewpoint of users concerned with the safety of the system, they must be counted as failures.  So (like everything made by humans), the bitcoin system *can* fail, and there is an (empirical) probability of at least 1 in 200'000 that a block will be discarded even after a couple dozen confirmations.
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:40:33
What I think seriously? I think that it was demand from China that caused the bubble of Nov/2013 and probably also of Apr/2013.  The Chinese traders and investors probably bought a million BTC or more from the West.  Since Dec/2013 those Chinese have been gradually dumping those million coins, and arbitragers are bringing them to the West.  That is the main reason for the continued price drop.
@_date: 2015-05-24 18:01:59
Advertising is being done, but is very expensive, and not very effective. BitPay signed up to sponsor the St. Petersburg Bowl for 3 years, but had to cancel the contract after 1 year.  Bloomberg slots, paid "advertorials" and blog articles, discounts in stores, ...
Advertising that told people to buy bitcoins as investment would probably bring down the SEC or FTC.
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:14:26


A "DDoS" attack like above might depress the price even further. 


The fees would add a few %.  A single person could run such an attack.  There may be extra costs to avoid counter attacks that try to block the IPs where the attack is seen to come from.
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:42:11


While the price is rising, mining is very profitable because the building of new mines takes several months.  The hashrate grows both because new mines are coming into play; and also because the technology is improving, so the same revenue (dollars;day) suports more hashes/second. 
When the price fell from 1200 in november to 900 in January (25% loss) miners were still probably making more than 50% profit over the electricity costs.  So they probably continued to mine, except perhaps for some older mines or miners in places with expensive energy.  Many mines were under construction and continued to come on line during 2014, with better technology; so, even though the total revenue of all miners was dropping, the hashrate continued to increase.
But mining equipment manufaturers already have stopped innovating because the sales have dwindled.  Many miners have shut down, and only the residual improvement in efficiency (hashes per joule) has kept the hashrate rom dropping.  It is unclear how profitable mining is now, and it obviously depends on the location.  I have seen claims that it will remain profitable as long as the price is above 100--150 $/BTC, while others claim that they are already close to break-even.  Either way, if price were to drop by 90%, at least 80% of the hashpower would have to be turned off in order for the rest to remain profitable. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 17:47:33
Is there a way to do that without losing all comments?
@_date: 2015-05-04 02:13:52
The need for larger blocks could be removed temporarily by increasing the minimum transaction fees to a level that discourages frivolous use.  (That would have the added benefit of moving the bitcoin economy bit closer to the sane "users pay" model, rather than the current "new investors pay".)
@_date: 2015-05-05 12:57:25
I would rather guess that the current drop is due to disappointment with the low volume of BIT shares (GBTC) trading at OTCQX.  It seems that some people were expecting a big rush of buyers, that did not happen.
Or it could be disappintment with the Goldman Sachs investment in Circle, that (as in many other previous cases) sounded a lot more positive for bitcoin than what it really is.
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:43:42


There will be, if (say) the price drops to 0.50 $/BTC after the next halving.  Then all miners in the world together will earn 900 dollars per day, instead of 900'000.  All those big farms will have to shut down.
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:09:20
The US law enforcement authorities have already used blockchain-derived evidence in several criminal cases, such as Ross Ulbricht's.
On the other hand, the blockchain cannot prove *ownership* of something.  You are the owner of something only if your government agrees that you should have possession of it.  To become owner of something you must use legal methods, such as buying it.  To exercise your ownership, you had better have some evidence that you did so (such as receipts or similar documents, witnesses, records in some official database).  Knowledge of a private key will not be enough, if keys can be stolen or obtained by violence.
@_date: 2015-05-07 05:52:55
I think you missed the point.  If there is no agreed-upon max block size, a miner will never know what is a block size that can be handled by every client and by a majority of the other miners.   There is no simple and reliable way for him to discover that.
Mining is not an ideal "free market" because the clients (users) cannot choose their suppliers (miners), nor reward them for good behavior; and the suppliers have no way of knowing whether some customers are unable to use their "product".  Also the suppliers influence each other because a miner's work is only paid for if the other miners accept that block.
Moreover, rogue miners could exploit the fact that blocks above a ceertain size cannot be handled by certain clients, or can waste time of other clients, or who know what else.
For practical programming reasons, and to avoid unnecessary risks, it is necessary that there is a max block size that every player accepts, and every miner knows everybody else will accept.
@_date: 2015-05-13 02:37:25
Day-traders are satisfied that "the market" is just the price chart and the order book: the demand is the "bid" side, the supply is the "ask" side, and the "law of supply and demand" is just that trades happen when bids and asks cross, until they stop crossing.  Serious investors and economists try to understand who are the people placing bids and asks, why are they picking those prices, what concrete wealth the asset represents and creates, etc.. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:02:07
* As a means of payment: To the average person, it offers little that Paypal and credit/debit cards do not offer, and lacks some of their important features (such as cancellation of payments, insurance and support)
* As an investment: It has no backing assets and pays no dividends.  People who understand ordinary stocks stop paying attention right there.  
* If they looked further, they would see also that it has no transition plan if it is superseded by a better crypto: unlike the transition to the Euro, there is no entity that will orderly exchange BTC for the new coin at a fixed rate.  
* No one can predict what the price will be next week or 10 years from now.  Dozens of top bitcoin experts were asked in May to predict the price at the end of 2014; NONE got it anywhere near the truth.
* There is no reliable data about the bitcoin economy.  What is not private information is meaningless and misleading.  That's another thing that would drive rational investors away. 
* Major players (Draper, Silbert, the Winkles, etc.) predict that it will be worth thousands of dollars in a few years,; yet they do not rush to buy those coins that are for sale at 350$ on the exchanges.  Does not transmit much confidence.
* The community is full of scammers, political extremists, loonies, and people with highly questionable vitas, even at the top levels (such as the Bitcoin Foundation).
@_date: 2015-05-24 07:32:56
I don't know what you mean precisely by "asset tokens", but can't a sidechain have them? Arent BIT shares or Litecoins "asset tokens"?
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:36:21
Miners can set their own size limit (for the blocks that they generate, not for incoming ones) but not above the global limit (1 MB now, 20 MB if Gavin's proposal is implemented).  Undersize blocks will not cause problems for anyone; only oversize blocks are potentially damaging.
@_date: 2015-05-14 13:21:06
This is not "Today" news, it is a week or two old...
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:45:35
Those people like Silbert, Vessenes, Galippi, and the many VC investors you cite are obviously very smart, for they are putting their money into ventures that make money out of bitcoiners's pockets, not in bitcoin itself.  And people who are vastly smarter and wealthier than *those* people, like Buffet, do not seem to be impressed.  It must be frustrating...
@_date: 2014-08-14 01:42:59
"There can be only one crypto" is an affirmation that calls for good proof.   If there are many brands of credit card, many banks in one country, why can't there be many cryptos? Altcoins have already survived long enough to cast doubt on that assertion.  And, historically, the sort of "monotheism" that the poster advocates for crypto has only been achieved by force of arms... 
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:34:18
With their new licenses to transmit money and hold USD deposits, isn't Coinbase becoming just another dollar payment processor -- another PayPal -- that also happens to do some bitcoin handling on the side?
If so, that would explain why they were valued 400 M$, at a time when the BTC price is generally falling, and usage for e-payments does not seem to be increasing.
@_date: 2015-05-06 02:28:57
I am assuming the currency usage of bitcoin, where it is used to buy coffees or lamborghinis.  If the price drops by 50%, people would just buy twice as much bitcoin with the same USD (or earn twice as much bitcoin in salary or sales) in order to pay for the same things.   Perhaps you are thinking of people spending "old" bitcoins from their hoards (which of course will not multiply when the price drops)?
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:03:40


Actually it shows what you ***control***.  Like the key to a bank safety deposit box, your knowledge of the private key does not prove that you ***own*** the coins at the corresponding address; it only enables you to move them elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-05-02 15:58:20
However, at current e-payment volumes, the actual positive contribution of bitcoin to the economy is very small (basically, the fees that people save by using it instead of banks, credit cards, paypal, etc.) and *much* less than its negative contribution (more than 500'000 USD of electricity consumed per day).
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:24:09
Sorry, I don't get it.  To me it seems that putting bitcoin into that mess would only make it messier.
My wifi router and my smartphone may be bad example, since they already are connected to the internet and thus are already part of the "internet of things".  Consider any device that, today, is not connected to the internet.  It is hard to see why adding such a connection would be an improvement.  Maybe, for a large appliance such as my washer or microwave oven, an internet connection could enable remote troubleshooting when it breaks, possibly saving a home call by the sevice rep.  But that connection would be useful about as often as a Pope dies, and the device could be plugged to the internet only at that time.  To provide it with an internet connection **and** a bitcon mining chip would make even less sense.
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:29:22
Many of the coins traded at exchanges (particularly in China) are bought and sold several times per day, within the same exchange.  I don't think one can extract any meaningful variable from that data. Volume usually grows and shrinks together with volatility, but I don't  know which is cause and which is effect.
@_date: 2015-05-16 10:31:38


That is 0.022 dollars, or 2.2 cents, right?  Not 0.022 cents.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 18:49:24
Question 1: what if the IoT device fails to generate enough satoshi dust to function?
Question 2: If 21.co can afford to donate the chip, why can't instead keep the chip, mine with it, and donate the internet bandwidth that the device will need?
The only way this seems to make some business sense for 21.co is if they intend to offload to the consumers the electricity cost of mining their 75%, and that mining is a net loss for the consumers. But then it would be simpler to ask manufacturers to include a surcharge of 0.1% in the item's retail price, payable to 21.co in exchange for nothing at all.
@_date: 2015-05-18 09:04:16


Is this a fact, or an assumption?  Elsewhere I read claims that they were selling everything immediately.
But apparently they do have a stash of bitcoins (perhaps saved over the last year, in the hope that price would recover?), and created the ETN as a way to sell them for a better price than they would get on the exchanges.
Ideally, the ETN buyers will be people who would not be interested in buying raw BTC; in which case the ETN sales would not impact the price.
If the demand for the ETN is such that its price rises above the raw BTC price, then XBT Provider may buy BTC on the market in order to issue more notes.
On the other hand, it may be that the ETN buyers will be drawn from the raw BTC market.  Then the ETN sale will have the same effect as selling the BTC on the exchanges.
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:04:04
Google has charts that show how often a word or phrase has been searched, as a function of time.
bitcoinwisdom.com has price/volume on many exchanges.  There is another site (forgot now) that plots any set of exchanges together on the same chart.
bitcointalk.org has a page of statistics (look at the bottom of any page).
Beware that none of those statistics is really meaningful.  For example, most transactions on the blockchain (perhaps 99%) seem to be coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person.  Most coins traded in an exchange are bought and sold many times per day, hundred of times per month.  If Walmart accepts bitcoin and has 1 billion US$ turnover, you don't know whether it is receiving 1 billion or 0 cents from bitcoin. And so on.
The sad fact is, there is hardly any published data on the bitcoin economy.  Whereas, if you want to know how much money the Irish spent on aubergines last year, you will probably find that with a few minutes of googling...
@_date: 2014-12-02 12:09:07
To make sense of that graph, someone should pick a random sample of a 100 transactions (say) over a week and trace their coins, trying to figure out what each one is: tumbling, gambling, exchange deposit/withdrawal, ...
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:33:07
The price fell from ~850 in January to ~320 now.  When such a thing happens to any stock of bond, it is clearly "a terrible investment this year".  In what sense the claim "is easily disproven"?
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:37:38
It is expected that everybody will upgrade before the fork, and the rest will then quickly upgrade when they find that no one accepts their coins anymore.
I don't think that there will be serious bugs in the core software that would break when the blocks get bigger.  There may be some bandwidth, memory, and cost problems; I don't know.  However, the bigger blocks may crash many peripheral programs and services (alternative clients, web wallets, chain analysis software, 0-confirmation processors, etc.) that were written assuming 1 MB blocks. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:40:21


That may be part of the technical definition or "ponzi scheme", but when someone uses the term to refer to bitcoin, they mean simply that the system does not produce any concrete wealth, and the profit of earlier investors comes entirely from the money invested by the new investors.  Which is undeniably the case of bitcoin.
So, those who say "bitcoin is a ponzi" may be wrong technically; but insisting on that technicality will not change their view of bitcoin.  
"Your dog bit my daughter!"  "That's a lie. Toto is a domesticated coyote, not a dog."
And, besides, Satoshi *still* owns those million bitcoins... 
@_date: 2015-05-06 23:39:47
By plain accounting, the Chinese increased their wealth while the Westerners lost some of theirs.  "At the expense of" does not depend on whether it was voluntary or forced or by trickery.
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:47:50
Up to 2010 (or 211?) here was an unchecked overflow bug in the OP_MUL script instruction. Exploiting that bug, someone managed to execute a "valid" transaction with a small input and a a few quadrillion bitcoins of output.  The blockchain had to be "rewound" by several dozen blocks, and the valid transactions in those blocks had to be replayed.  Another similar incident occurred in 2013.  In one of them, a large double-spend managed to get through during the rewind and replay.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:59:59
And to think that I thought that Dilbert's random number generator was nothing more than a funny joke... 
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:39:21
If the protocol is changed so as to make the 21.co chips useless, it would also make *all* existing bitcoin mining equipment useless.  Then all the miners will have no choice but to keep mining 21.co's fork of bitcoin.  Meanwhile the "rebel" fork of bitcoin will have a puny mining network of CPUs.  Which fork will retain its value?
It is like the Captain of a ship "defeating" a mutiny by taking off alone in a small boat and declaring it to be the Real Ship...
@_date: 2017-02-10 20:39:26
But there is a Japanese "Bitlicense" in the works that will probably force all exchanges there to close.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:03:36
But those small-capacity nodes would be *permanently* unable to process the blockchain, once it includes a block that is too big for them to handle.  The point is that a rogue miner can cause permanent damage to other players by validating a large enough block. 
Would this attack also work against other miners?
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:56:42
At the time no one cared about bitcoin, it was just an obscure experiment by  some computer nerds and distributed computing researchers.  No big money involved.  It would not have been a fun target (and hackers probably did not know of it).
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:49:20
bitcoincharts.com has a link under the chart that displays the data, which you can cut and paste.
I have a file that I use for analysis, that starts with MtGOX data for earlier years and ends with Bitstamp data, with a smooth transition in 2012.  I will post the link tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:24:39
The number of bitcoins was limited to ~21 million, and not 37 billion or 3.14159 thousand, because 2^51 (~2.1 quadrillion) is the largest integer number of atomic units that can be safely handled without rounding errors in javascript, Excel, matlab, and many other computer languages and applications.  The nominal unit (BTC) was then chosen to be 100 million atomic units because that was about halfway from the minimum to maximum in log scale; i.e. it was thought that 1 BTC might one day be worth a million dollars, or one millionth of a dollar.
So there is little danger that the number will be increased.  What could be instituted in the future, though, is a negative interest rate -- i.e. a transaction fee propotional to the amount *and age* of the UTXOs.
Such a tax is heresy today; but, until a yar ago, economists were sure that negative interest rates for bank deposits would be impossible, too...
@_date: 2015-05-17 12:27:57
First few basic rules to avoid a scam: 
+ if the owners and main officers do not provide their full identities, it is a scam.
+ If the owners and main officers do not provide their CVs, it is  a scam.
+ If their CVs have long gaps, or cannot be verified through *independent* sources, it is a scam.
+ If the main officers have no significant business experience, it is a scam.
+ If any owner or main officer has been previously involved in some dubious enterprise, it is a scam.
There is more, but that should be enough for now.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:11:24


Well, it can't, because then the user could move his bitcoins out of the exchange's reach just after selling them in the exchange.
There have been more complex schemes by which an exchange could prove that it controls enough bitcoins to cover for the clients account balances, without revealing the balances of the private keys.  But, AFAIK, they do not prove much, really: there are simple stratagems that allow a company to cheat on the test, or steal the coins just after passing the test.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:55:01
I understood that Circle is still only planning to do business in China, and I only saw mentions of USD-to-CNY and CNY-to-USD payments.  It was hinted that bitcoin might be used to transfer the money to/from China, but it is not stated explicitly (and I am not sure that it would be worth it).
I don't think that doing so violates any of the restrictions that the PBoC determined.  I have been told that there are people outside China who trade regularly on the Chinese exchanges, for example.  AFAIK there is no regulation restricting the movement of bitcoins into or out of China (if that makes sense).  Basically, e-merchants in China cannot accept bitcoin as payment, and financial institutions are not allowed to play with it.  There are also restrictions on using banks to deposit CNY into the exchanges, but there are ways around that.
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:16:44
Replying to this would take an even longer post, but it would be well outside the scope of this subreddit; and it would be pointless like any discussion about politics with people with extremely divergent political views and values.
Let me just say that I am old enough to remember how things were in the military regime even (I was 14 when they took over, 35 when they finally left).  So, say what you want about FHC's reign, but please do not say that I do not know what happened.


Quite the opposite, the PSDB lost the presidency because of the terrible mess that he made of the economy.  The debt that consumes half of what the government collects was created by FHC and by people like YOU.  YOU created this merda, and, yes, it is us who are paying for it.
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:33:17
When an engineer decides to solve a problem, one would expect that he first tries to understand the problem, then look at the existing solutions and understand what is wrong with them, then come up with a better idea, then design the new solution, then make sure that there exist materials and parts adequate for that solution, and ONLY THEN call the reporters to announce his invention.
Sadly, just as bitcoiners set out to reform the world's economy without knowing the difference between a budget and an audit, they now want to fix the "problems" of elections without the foggiest idea of what those problems are.  And, of course, they want to do the process in reverse, by starting from the material -- the blockchain -- and trying to design something that uses it, even if it does not quite solve the problem, or makes it worse.
There are thousands of articles and reports about voting systems, by people who have worked on them for decades, based on extensive experience, professional engineering, and rigorous mathematics.  A quick bibliographic survey will turn up a list of essential requirements that any voting system  must satisfy, independently of the technology used.  Two or three items in that list immediately rule out any system that allows voting from home, and any system that requires voters to use personal computing devices while casting the vote, and any system that allows a voter to prove that he voted in some way.  
Bitcoiners who want to use the blockchain to "fix" voting should instead try to use it for neurosurgery or interstellar travel.  It would not make any less sense.
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:47:14


The reporter is not confusing Switzerland with Sweden, is he?
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:20:32
It shows that the amount of bitcoins that are being transferred between blockchain addresses, when expressed in dollars, has not increased over the last year.
@_date: 2015-05-11 22:41:45
Effective arbitrage is not possible because of the delays in getting shares redeeemed and the 12 month hold for newly-issued shares.   BIT shares can be bought with IRA money, raw BTC can't, so that is a large potential demand for the former but not for the latter. 
On the other hand, one cannot do anything with BIT shares except redeem them or trade them through the brokers within their own small market.  It is not clear whether this disadvantage will one day outweight the above advantage.
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:06:23
The difficulty for the 1 MB chain will not come down until 2016 blocks have been mined on it, and even then it will not be less than 1/4 of what it was before.
If 90% of the mining power upgrades to the new chain, the block rate on the old chain will be 1 block every ~100 minutes for ~5 months, and then drop to 1 block every 25 minutes for another 5 weeks.
If 99% of the mining power upgrades to the new chain, the block rate on the old chain will be 1 block every ~17 hours for the next ~3.8 years...
Inorder to mine the old chain for fun, it would be necessary to change the  protocol anyway to lower the difficuty by fiat (pardon my Latin) right after the fork.  So the interested miners would be selling "pseudo-old" bitcoins anyway...
@_date: 2015-05-18 00:02:07
People who are employees of Walmart had better work for Walmart's benefit, or else they should be fired.  People who are employees of the citizens had better work for the benefit of the citizens, else they should be fired.
Surely there are employees of walmart who steal from the owners, exploiting management and overseeing failures, or even by violence.  Walmart owners must be vigilant and act decisively when they realize that
Just as some of our employees in the government steal from us, exploiting out failure to manage and oversee them properly, or even by violence.  We must be vigilant and act decisively when we realize that.
And not run away and hide in basements, dreaming of a utopic bitcoinland -- were the Magic Blockchain of Satoshi will make us masters of the earth...
@_date: 2014-11-24 05:28:01
There is a thread discussing that talk, started several days ago:
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:24:08
Will they reimburse 1000 users losing 10 BTC on average each?
There is a point when the reimbursement is more than what they expect to collect from fees in the next 5 years. Then...
@_date: 2015-05-19 17:13:19
But it does not have to be *financially* autonomous to do that, much less carry a bunch of mining chips to generate money to pay for that.  Even if I decide to get a mining rig to help pay for my car expenses, the rig can stay in my summer home in Iceland while I am driving through Zimbabwe.  (Have you heard of a thing called "internet"?)
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:10:20
But it seems that 21.co intends to act as a pool to which all those chips will connect to get tasks, send partial results, and (once in a while) get some satoshis as payoff.  So there will be an unavoidable trusted centralized entity anyway.  Then the blockchain is pointless...
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:02:50
Thanks, but what does the OP means by "burn"? For the "blockchain applications", wouldn't burn-as-fees be better than sending to a black hole?
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:03:03


Note that even if a consensus was reached and the new code were deployed today, blocks larger than 1 MB would still be ilegal until a predetermined block index, with would be mined sometime next year.
@_date: 2014-12-23 14:39:04
How can you tell that users are increasing?  According to a recent Reuters article, most of those new BCI wallets are empty.  The distribution of coins among address implies that there are still less than 700'000 users -- how much less, no one knwos.  Analysis of what is believed to be BitPay's input wallet shows that the number of payments and the volume in BTC are stagnating, while the volume in USD is shrinking.  I repeat, almost all merchants that "accept bitcoin" still accept only dollars, not bitcoins. 
Fact is, there are almost no reliable statistics about adoption, and the few that are minimally significant indicate that growth has been zero or negative all through this year.  But faithful bitcoiners will never acknowledge any unpleasant facts.  Guess why 99.99% of the world pays no attention to what bitcoiners say...
EDIT: besides, there is no point in defending bitcoin in this thread.  The question is what is preventing widespread adoption, and all those things I listed definitely are.  My personal opinion does not matter.  Arguing *here* that those issues are just mistaken perceptions will not make any difference.
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:00:27


Suppressed not by the miners, but by the clients.  Right now it is estimated that only 20% or less of the transactions are coins changing hands; there rest being shuffling between wallets of the same owner.  


Right, but it may be effective even if only 20% (say) of the miners start doing that, since it will increase the average confirmation time.  All because the clients cannot choose the miners.  
Note that a client who decides to pay the cartel's fee will not save any money if  he happens to be served a non-cartel miner.   So, while myopic self-interest would tell each miner to take all transactions, the cartel move would end up increasing their total revenue.
@_date: 2015-05-23 03:15:27
Well, I am sorry that you could not understand my answers. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:52:25


Of course.


I still can't see the advantage, for the user or the company, compared to (a) 21inc using their chips to build a mining farm, and mining on their own, or (b) building standalone mining rigs and selling them to customers, or (c)  giving out such rigs in return for a % of the yield.
But it seems pointless to speculate further.  Either 21inc has some aces up their sleeves that they haven't told us about, or they are just as lost as we are.  
(The latter is not impossible, IMHO.  They may have conceived in 2013 a semi-fuzzy idea of mining chips embedded in smartphones and other devices. That idea may have seemed great at the time, when bitcoin seemed to be growing 10x each year and take over the world.  Imagine that, with that idea, they got venture capital, employees, etc..  But, when they tried to flesh out the details, they found that the idea was not so great, and would not be profitable/popular in after the 80% BTC price drop.  By then they could not simply give up. So they now have a finished product, but do not know what it could be good for...)
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:59:26
If society decides that 1 BTC is worth a million dollars, then anyone who has 1 BTC can buy a million-dollar home.  That home did not pop up from nohing just because the bitcoin was created; it was built by someone else, and would have gone to someone else if the bitcoiner did not buy it.
If society decides that 1 BTC is worth a million dollars, then the people who now own the 14 millon BTC in existence (which they bought for well under $100 each, on average), will be entitled to get 14 trillion dollars worth of goods and services -- from society.  
That is the "private money scam": (1) create a new currency, (2) issue a buch of it, (3) keep some of it for yourself,  (4) convince some community to accept the rest as means of exchange, (5) wait until the currency is accepted by enough merchants, and finally (6) take out your stash and buy all you can with it.
And that is the reason why no sane government should tolerate the creation of private currencies...
@_date: 2015-05-18 06:06:34
Oh sorry, you are right, of course.  All one needs to solve land theft and fraud problem in Honduras is a write-only database.  &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:22:43


Except that the initial stages of a new technology are financed by investors who get equity on the comany, and therefore will share its profits once it becomes profitable.  Wheras today's bitcoin investors give the money to the miners but do not get mining equity in return, and will not receive anything for future use of the the bitcoins as currency.  Not even the current miners who make bitcoin succeed will profit from its use, because, by the time that transaction fees replace block rewads, their equipment will be obsolete and other miners will rbably take their place.  The only way the investors can get any return is by finding someone willing to buy their coins for an even higher price.  Obviously this is not going to continue forever; and when people realize that the price is not going to increase any more, they all will sell as quickly as possible, the price will crash, and the network will stop working...


Indeed it is not a non-trivial problem, and the bitcoin protocol did not solve it.  Giving all the coins to the miners who create them might have been a reasonable workaround if all clients were miners, competing in equal terms.  Once mining became industrialized and out of the reach of most users, that "solution" became a terible flaw.
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:14:17
Just someone who was somewhat skeptic when first heard of bitcon, and became a total unbeliever after following it for a year and a half.
@_date: 2015-05-20 13:48:33


That could be more effectively achieved by putting the same chips in a separate mining rig.


Embedding the chips (as opposed to placing them in a separate enclosure) will not reduce their cost; it can only shift the cost and revenue among the players.  


The World Wide Buzzword of the Week does not record *ownership*.  It only ensures that bitcoins can be moved only by someone who knows their private keys.  Anyway, one does not need a miner to use it for that purpose, much less an *embedded* miner.


That does not require bitcoins, blockchain, or mining -- much less *embedded* bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:29:35


That is exactly what happens when you deposit coins at Bitstamp.  The coins get sequestered and remain under control of the "sidechain" (Bitstamp).  But you and other users of the "sidechain" can transact with them there, via the protocols established by the "sidechain", without those actions being recorded in the blockchain.  Eventually the owner of those bitcoins, as established by the "sidechain" rules, can command the "sidechain" to return the coins to the blockchain, to an address that the "sidechain" specifies.
So, again, why isn't Bitstamp already a sidechain?
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:31:39
Still not entirely clear what they mean by "FDIC insured".  Is the USD account of *each* client insured up to 250'000 against misdeeds or mishaps of itBit?  Or is the total of all accounts that is FDIC insured against their bank's failure?
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:51:31


[Tim Swanson (Jan 2015): *Slicing data: what comprises blockchain transactions?*](




Mining now takes 1 million dollars out of the bitcoin economy, every day.  That is 360 million dollars per year.   Someone must put that money into the system. Who are those people, and why are they doing it?  (Hint: it is not the VC investors -- they do *not* let the startups spend their money by buying bitcoins.)
If the price rises 10x, it will be 10 million dollars a day, 3.6 billion dollars per year.  Again, where will that money come from? 
@_date: 2015-05-15 13:31:10
At some point, Overstock (the first large internet retailer to accept bitcoin) said that the thing bitcoiners bough the most was bedsheets and the like.
The largest known purchase paid "with bictoin" (through BitPay) was a house worth ~500 k USD, bought by Josh Zerlan (of Butterfly Labs fame).
@_date: 2014-12-18 12:57:01
No, no, no!  
MtGOX does **not** plan anything since it is dead and will not be ressuscitated.
Kraken will **not** be the trustee, that is totally clear in the papers.  Kobayashi is still the court-appointed trustee (and he cannot pass the bucket even if he wanted to). 
Kraken will only assist the trustee in manners that are not yet defined, but *may* include
* Helping the consultants who are analyzing MtGOX's databases and books, with information and insight about the operation of a bitcoin exchange;
* Helping the consultants in the investigation about what happened to the other ~700'000 BTC that MtGOX should have;
* Hosting the claim forms and collecting them, **if** the trustee and the judge determine that online submission (as opposed to the paper submission that is normally required in bankruptcies) is legally admissible and desirable.
* Serving as the channel for the distribution of the 220'000 BTC to verified claimants **if** the trustee and the judge determine that distributing them as BTC (instead of converting them to JPY) it is legally admissible and desirable.
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:44:30
The 2013-11 bubble was obviously due to the opening of the Chinese market, and the 2013-03 bubble may have been too.  
However, admitting that would lead to the conclusion that the fate of bitcoin is now in the hands of tens of thousands amateur day-traders in China.  Not good for marketing bitcoin and bitcoin funds to Western pensioners.
Hence the theory that a fake robot trader in MtGOX (who was in fact only doing arbitrage with China) could create the bubble out of thin air.  And that the fake rally would linger 9 months after MtGOX collapsed...
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:49:08
But that test transaction may have gone through quickly, being smaller (1 input only), and the big one could be delayed all the same.
Even if the first test transaction got delayed 6 hours, the problem would have remained: client waits 6 hours. And after 6 hours the client would have no idea of why the test transaction go too long.  If he tries with the big one, the delay would be 12 hours...
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:43:17
More like: I am shouting that the plane does not have enough fuel, and being told that (a) it has already flown 5000 miles so it is unlikely to run out of fuel, and (b) we should not worry until it actually runs out of fuel.
@_date: 2015-05-31 21:23:09
OK.  Right now the orphan rate is very small, 2-3 blocks per day (out of ~144)  Of course a miner who solves only 1-2 blocks per day will get upset when he loses ~5800 USD because 1 block got orphaned.  
However, as long as conditions are the same for every miner, the orphan rate has no influence on the average revenue of a miner, which is simply 3600 BTC/day times 230  USD/BTC times the fraction h/H of the total hashrate that he has.  
In other words, the fraction of non-orphan blocks that he will get is h/H, and that will also be his fraction of all the orphans.  
Orphans are a concern only if, for same reason, he is more likely to be hit than other miners.  That may be the worry of the FX guy: his internet connection (or some other item) is not as good as that of its competitors, so if the blocksize is increased then he will be more likely than him to lose an orphan race.
@_date: 2015-05-04 02:09:01
I have seen claims that a miner can have a slight advantage over competitors by mining empty or near-empty blocks,even if there are transactions pending on the queues.  If this is true, will this advantage also increase with increased block size?
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:20:11
But what are the chances of them actually mining a block?  1 every 15 years, if they leave both miners running 24/7, is that correct?  
They could join a pool, but that should pay less than 4 cents per 24 hours of mining, right?  
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:26:36
From what I understood of the filed documents, Greyscale itself will not buy or sell any bitcoins.  Certain privileged parties will be able to get new BIT shares by giving Greyscale the corresponding amount of bitcoins. Conversely, those parties may redeem shares by returning them to Greyscale, and will then get back the corresponding bitcoins. All minus fees, of course.  SecondMarket seems to be one of those privileged parties.  Those privileged parties may buy and sell the bitcoins on the open or private markets, or use their own hoards.
One of those privileged parties may want to get new shares from Greyscale if the GBTC price on OTCQX is substantially higher than the price of 0.1 raw BTC.  However, any new shares issued this way may be still be untradeable and unredeemable for 12 months. (Not sure, but that is what I recall from the document.)  If so, this move would be a big gamble for the privileged party.  Conversely, if the GBTC price is less than the price of 0.1 raw BTC, it is advantageous to buy the shares, redeem the corresponding BTC, and sell these on the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:43:03
Well, I feel that the bitcoin community (not everybody, obviously) is actually redefining success.  For example, after 15 months of falling prices, now I see many claims that the price does not matter, what matters are the "blockchain applications".  It used to be the currency that would make the "war on drugs" moot, but now more people are saying the it should dissociate itself from that.  And so on...
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:23:26
The max block size cannot be adjusted continuously.  All players must know in advance how big a block they may receive, and how big a block they can issue without choking any of the other players.  The number must be static, so that they can allocate static buffers, make sure that computations will not overflow, etc..  It should be set to a comfortable value and changed only every year or more, with many months of advance warning.
@_date: 2015-05-12 06:53:43
Because the price of bitcoin is still determined mainly by Chinese day-traders, and they don't care about NASDAQ.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:37:40


That would not be foresight, it would be the plan.  Although he can spend some along the way, while waiting for the currency to gain acceptance.


No, the only thing that makes the government different is that it is supposed to use the newly issued money for *our* benefit; that is, to give *us* back all the wealth that he takes from us by spending that money.  Whereas a private issuer will take wealth from us an keep it for himself.  
So, while government officials *may* be corrupt and take *some* of our wealth for themselves, private currency issuers will take *all* of that wealth for themselves.
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:02:29
The math is not the problem; the hard part is deciding whether the toaster can claim ~~his~~ its owner as a dependent.  And what will the toothbrush do if the toothpaste is jailed for tax evasion -- can ~~he~~ it set up a legal defense crowdfund for ~~her~~ it?
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:12:25
Many programers can check the source code, but no one can realistically check that it matches the binary running on the voting machine when a voter enters his vote.  Checksums are easily faked in that situation. A malicious voting software can cover up its traces compeltely once it has done his deed; hackers do that all the time.  This is the fundamental and incurable flaw of DRE voting machines. So the voting system should be safe (i.e. should not change, delete or reveal any vote) even if some hardware components, or all software components, are replaced by malicious versions.  Is it?
One problem to consider is that the voting system does not know how many votes will be cast. Thus, if the N encrypted votes can be recorded (and it is trivial for a malicious voting terminal to do that), it may be possible to run the entire process offline N times, adding one encrypted vote at a time and pretending that the election stopped at that point. The changes in the totals then reveal how each voter voted.  Is your system robust against that?
It is pointless to let the voter now that his vote was altered, if he has no way of proving to the election board that it was.   So how is the voter going to do that?  Note that voters of the losing party may try to void the election by posting bogus complaints.  
Fianlly, once again, the totalization of votes from all voting locations is a non-problem, it can be totally checked without any cryto oechniques.  Fraud can happen only between the casting of the vote and the counting at the voting location.  
@_date: 2015-05-16 20:08:34
Forgive me, I am an old guy, and cannot keep up with those young chaps who keep running up and down the field carrying the goalposts after their imaginary ball.  
"Bitcoin will triumph because it is the best currency" was the Divine Truth barely six months ago.  Now it seems that anyone who gives a shit about the currency is a retard... &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:36:57
There are many possible "failure modes".  
For example: it just lose its charm; the price drops gradually or quickly to cents; use for e-payment moves to other payment methods or new cryptocoins; industrial mining becomes totally unprofitable and stops; blockchain becomes vulnerable to attack by hackers with modest resources; ...
Alternatively: mining becomes centralized; the top miners form a cartel and start using their power gradually to block certain addresses, raise fees, impose "minor" protocol changes that tightens their grip.  But everything keeps working mostly as usual, except that the protocol it is no longer trustless: the cartel is de facto a central authority that must be trusted not to block any given transaction, or do other nasty things.  Ideologically-minded clients abandon it, but most clients and services continue to use it, pretending everything is allright, in order to preserve their investment as much as possible.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:47:37
For the third time, a "business plan" is not a prediction, it is a proof that the thing *can* fly.  Can you point out a new technology that was deployed/commercialized *without* such a "business plan"?
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:32:18
Apology accepted; good luck in your career.
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:23:33
But if the old fork has only a few miners, the larger group can easily jam it by orphaning all its useful blocks and posting only empty blocks, or blocks with junk transactions.  Then its value too will drop to 0, no?
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:05:25
Rebuttals have been given many times.  Those who still consider item [*i*] a problem, after reading about bitcoin, simply are not convinced by the corresponding rebuttals.
@_date: 2015-05-02 15:31:46
If you consider the miners as being an external entity that renders a service to bitcoin, the cost is the same as the market price.  (it is as if the US government contracted a printer to print 100$ bills, and paid them 100$ for each bill -- i.e. let the company keep all the bills that it printed.)
If you want to know how much it costs to the miners, that is more uncertain.  There were times when mining was extremely profitable, but since new miners entered the system and the BTC price dropped, that must not be the case anymore.  For many miners, the total costs may be higher than the expected revenue; they would working only to reduce their losses, with no expectations of profit.   Others must be making only a small percentage of profit.  Assuming that is the case, each bitcoin probably costs almost 200$ to "print", including all investment (equipment, power lines, cooling) and recurrent costs (salaries, rent, electricity).
@_date: 2015-05-07 16:13:57


Because that is the whole point: China people buy many coin from West, price rise. China people sell many coin back to West, price fall.  West people not want to know of China, not understand, draw TA, say adoption big, below structure, can not tell why no more bubble.
@_date: 2015-05-11 17:12:05
BitPay released some numbers about their business, a month or two ago.  They are quite disappointing.  They processed ~160 million USD payments in 2014.  It they made 2% revenue on that, it is ~3 million dollars a year, surely not enough to pay the salaries of their staff.  No surprise then that they canceled their 3-year sponsorship contract with the St. Petersburg Bowl.
Only ~25 million of those 160 million were e-payments for internet shopping and.  Since they claim to have ~50'000 merchants, it means that he average merchant made ~500 USD worth of sales through them in 2014.  Since the merchants come in all sizes, it is likely that thousands of them did not see a single payment "in bitcoin" in that year.
@_date: 2015-05-19 03:22:51
I don't get why it has to be bitcoin.  Public-key digital signatures are 20-year-old technology.  Why is a bitcon-based solution better?
There are obvious security advantages for using a key permanently sequestered inside a physical SIM card, instead of just a private key stored as a file in one's smartphone.  
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:54:40
There must be several million people (A) who know about bitcoin to some degree, and do not think it is worth using and/or investing in.
There may be 700'000 people (B) who actually hold at least 0.1 BTC.  Probably fewer.  Most regular users should be in this group.
In each group (A or B), there may be several tens of thousands who understand bitcoin well enough to argue about it.  Perhaps more in A than in B.  
The price sustainable by *legitimate* e-commerce (estimated as less than 10 M $/day) should be under 10 $/BTC.  Darknet e-commerce may be bigger than the legitimate one now (not clear), but it does not have much space to grow.  Besides, if bitcoin ends being used mostly for illegal trade, it will be banned (exchanges closed, legal payment forbidden, any trade implies fine or prison, etc..)
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:28:46
A 51% (actually 54%) attack could be done today if the top 4 mining pools decided to.  It would not cost them anything.  In fact, one of the things that they could do is to orphan the blocks from all other miners, which would in principle double their revenue.  (Whether they would want to do that is debatable.)
Clogging the blockchain with bogus transactions, as the comment above computed, would cost ~10 k$/day.  But the cost would be zero if you had a bunch of stolen coins that you cannot cash out.
@_date: 2017-02-27 16:38:18
There is no mathematically sound reason to suppose that P = NP is likely or unlikely to be true.
There is no mathematically sound reason to suppose that the P = NP conjecture is hard to prove or disprove.
NP-complete does not mean "too expensive to solve in practice".
In fact, the P vs NP problem has absolutely zero relevance to practical computing.
In particular, inverting the bitcoin keys (or breaking any cryptography) is not an NP-complete problem.  
And, again, there is no mathematically sound reason to believe that inverting the bitcoin keys is too expensive to solve in practice.
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:26:17
Thanks. But, on the other hand, CoinJoin makes many intermediate transactions between the inputs and outputs; so the total byte size must be a lot more than if the clients just issued the separate transactions on their own.
@_date: 2015-05-11 07:32:13
That is interesting.  Could it be that 21co will produce a bitcoin mining version of the Nerdalize heater?  Depending on BTC price and difficulty, it might be more profitable than a cloud computing server.  Maybe even make some real money for the owner.  It could be popular in cold climates...
@_date: 2015-05-02 05:23:46
If the requirement is unfair compared to the requirements for non-bitcoin companies, these could perhaps take the issue to the courts.  
However, how could the BitLicense proposal be modified to waive DFS examination for non-essential changes to previously approved services, while requiring it for essential changes?  Did the companies propose some solution for that?  Offhand, the only entity that can determine whether a change to the service is essential is the DFS, and the only way for it to do so is through the approval process.  The companies may hate it, but it seems quite logical from Lawsky's point of view.
EDIT: by the way, when I wrote "pre-approve" in the previous comment I should have written "give automatic approval in advance to any change in the service, without examination"; whereas to you that term means "require examination and approval of the changes before the company can deploy them".  Apologies for the confusion.
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:38:39


I insist, if only 1% of the population votes, there is the risk of passing a law that is disapproved by a vast majority of the population (up to 99.5%).  A 1% subset is a reasonably accurate sample only if the voters are drawn by lottery and are strongly encouraged to vote (as in jury duty).
@_date: 2017-02-20 19:38:29


No, I did mention it:look for the word "despicable" and what follows.


No, the wallet devs cannot fix the egregious screw-up, because the correct fee is mathematically impossible to compute.  That is one of the "many reasons" above.  


"Proof by insult", is that how it goes?


Note the key words "in the event of a flood".  Which meant: "if an **attacker** were to issue **10'000 times** as many transactions in 10 minutes as all the other users together, so as to hit the 1 MB safety limit and create a backlog, one could still ..."
Presently, there is no need for an attacker to do that:  a natural surge of 10-20% in the traffic is enough to create a backlog -- and there is no "$0.01" magic fee value that would guaranteedly put your transactions in the next block.   
So, all that the "fee market" achieved was to make the network spam-attack itself, often several times per week.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:58:04
1) Are you aware of the situation in China, Russia, etc?  China *has* crippled bitcoin there, Russia has a bill in parliament that will criminalize bitcoin...
2) You seem to assume that the primary purpose of bitcoin is to make illegal payments.  Sorry, if that is all that bitcoin will be good for, we will be better off without it than with it.
3) Bitcoin makes ransomware much worse because it can be sent to North Korea as easily as to Milwaukee, and cannot be blocked, and cannot be traced until it is spent on something, and... 
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:41:00
That's the same as gift cards (or Chuck-E-Cheese tokens), only electronic.
The issue is whether you can use the thing as a vehicle to send dollars to someone else in another location.  If you can buy those coffee coins, send  them elecrtonically to someone else, and that someone else can sell them for cash, then I expect that the coffe shop  will need a money transmitting and/or a money service license.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:20:16
Interesting.  I wonder if they are aware that the 20 MB would only come into effect in Q4/2016?
@_date: 2015-05-18 09:12:42
The table suggests that there are less than 750'000 people who own 0.1 BTC or more.  (While there are people who keep all their bitcoins  in web wallets of exchanges, and have no blockchain addresses of their own, there are also many people who own several address.)
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:43:46
Like any monopoly/cartel, they will act so as to maximize their revenue. Obviously they want to protect the price, but they may force a fee hike, or even change the halving schedule.  
One reason to worry is that the useful life of their equipment is only a year or two, and that equipment is most of their capital assets.  That is, unlike monopolies in other markets, a mining monopoly knows that it has only 1-2 years of life anyway. Whether they mess with bitcoin or not, after those 1-2 years they will be back to square one anyway.  So they have no incentive to protect the price beyond that horizon.  
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:24:40
If you buy a hardware wallet from a 3rd party, be sure that he is a reseller authorized by SatoshiLabs and that he uses secure storage facilites and secure shipping.  If, along the way from SatoshiLabs to your hands, your Trezor is switched for a fake malicious copy, you may lose all your coins. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:35:38
Neo &amp; Bee?  The "bitcoin bank" that Danny Brewster was going to open in Cyprus.
@_date: 2015-05-15 14:09:21
The rate of loss should be, at worst, roughly proportional to the amount of bitcoins that are moved per day, that is, the daily BTC output volume.  With that assumption, and assuming that the rate of use of an accessible (not lost) satoshi is roughly constant over time, the amount N(t) of bitcoin that is accessible should be a decaying exponential, N(t) = A x B^t .  
That is, each year some percentage of the accessible bitcoins will be lost, but N(t) will never be zero. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:18:13
Would [**this**]( do?
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:13:23


I know, and that is what I wrote: the fact that the price is 95% speculative is a problem that (a) no one knows how to fix gracefully, and (b) no one who is invested in bitcoins *want* to see fixed -- quite the opposite. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:32:47


Yes!  And how are those people going to get their money back (or their money's worth in goods and services), with profit?
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:37:29
Dont confuse democratic government with the corrupt people in it.
@_date: 2015-05-05 23:16:31
Not necessarily. The average USD size of a bitcoin payment should not depend on the bitcoin price (the buyer will get as much bitcoin as he needs to pay for the item he wants).  So the USD incentive to do certain nasty tricks like double-spending or blocking someone's payment should remain constant.
@_date: 2015-05-05 01:59:06
IIRC, only in "baskets" of 100 shares.  And only certain high-level broker-like entities can do that.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:27:18
IIRC there is already a rule that coinbase outputs cannot be spent before 100 confirmations or so.  Then, in the case of a chain merge, the reward for that block slot could be implicitly halved, so that only half of each coinbase output can be spent.  But I don't know what would do to the incentives.
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:22:05
Sorry, a flaw in the current product that is likely to do harm in the future **is** a problem that must be addressed now. 
I hope you are not developing software for airlines, hospitals, nuclear plants, stock exchanges, bitcoin... 8-/
EDIT: however, you are right that bitcoin is only an experiment.  It should never have been presented as a product.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:35:46
IIUC, Gavin's proposal is to roll out software now that is programmed to allow large blocks only after a specific block number, that should be mined in Q4/2016.
Thus everybody will have time to upgrade and adapt their own programs, and then everybody will switch at once to the new protocol when the time comes.  
If most everybody upgrades before the fork, they will not even notice that it happened.
@_date: 2015-05-31 04:19:20
But if there is no set limit, "too big" will mean different things to each player, depending on its resources and perhaps its state.  
You are a miner but can only handle 8 GB blocks. You see a 12 GB block being posted by another miner.  You cannot handle it, but, if it will be accepted by a majority of the other miners, you cannot ignore it either.  From then on you are out of the game, because that 12 GB block is part of the blochain.  
Or you mine and issue a 12 GB block, that is too big for 40% of the miners and 80% of the clients, but is accepted by the other 60% of the miners, who keep mining more 12 GB blocks on top of yours: those smaller miners and clients are permanently out of the game. 
Or you mine a 12 GB block, only to have it rejected by 70% of the other miners for being too big, so you lose your work...
@_date: 2014-11-24 07:48:39
See also this thread:
@_date: 2015-05-01 14:01:16


Nicely modest of him, but robot trading and trading back and forth between the same traders happens in all exchanges, fees or no fees. Trading is trading, whatever the reason.
Only a tiny percentage of an exchange's trading volume is people bringing new money into the system, or divesting and taking money out of it.  It would be nice to know how much of this "real buying" and "real selling" there is in each country, but I can't imagine how to estimate these variables, not even within an order of magnitude...
@_date: 2015-05-08 03:53:26
Having "undefined" fees and letting "free market" define them is a really bad idea.  Imagine that applied to bus travel. There is no set ticket price or reserved seats; you pay for the ticket what you think *may* be enough; when the next bus stops, the driver looks ate the prices stamped on each ticket, and decides which ones to let into the bus. If you do not make it, you can go back to the vending machine and add more money to the ticket, hoping that it will be enough. If you add more than what the next driver would demand, "sorry for your loss".
It would be totally stupid. It is totally stupid.
The fee formula must be fixed in the protocol, and must be easy for users to compute on their head: say 0.0005 BTC for each output plus 0.5% of the total output amount (return change somehow excluded). It must not be the "minimum" fee, but the exact fee that is guaranteed to be sufficient, and **cannot** be increased to get priority service.
@_date: 2015-05-15 06:32:50
Open source was not an "asset" or "investment".  
@_date: 2015-05-09 14:54:29
However, bitcoin is still nowhere near being used for B2B and global commerce.  
Right now, the total volume of e-payments using bitcoin may be 5 million dollars per day, at most.  Even with optimistic guesses about the time between re-uses of the same coin, the "natural" price computed from monetary theory would be 5 USD/BTC or less.  
The current price is almost entirely due to speculation, not to actual use for e-payments. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 05:44:39


The only reason to use the slow, complicated, and expensive PoW protocol is to secure the blockchain ***without a trusted authority***.  If there is an authority that is trusted by definition, PoW and the Merkle chain are pointless; any database with geographically and logically independent mirrors will be more secure than the bitcoin blockchain, and immensely faster.
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:09:41
Too bad.  But that is what I suspect Coinbase and Circle are planning to do.  BitPay's numbers show that the BTC-to-USD payment processing market is too small for them to make a profit on it. The USD-to-USD market (PayPal's turf) is several orders of magnitude larger.
@_date: 2015-05-07 02:24:58


A company that promises to do that has no idea of what "accounting" and "financial management" means.  Beware.
In any case, before investing in any company, be sure to get **and verify from independent sources** the identity and CV of the owners and chief officers, especially their previous business experiences.  If there are gaps in the CV, or parts of it cannot be independetly verified, just stay away.  If they have no previous business experience, stay away.  
Check with Google for any previous legal problems that the owners may have had.
Also check the status and basic information of the company in the country's company registry.
Also make sure that you can sue the owners, or get the police to arrest them, if they ever do something wrong. 
Also be sure to read the prospectus carefully, and try to imagine, at every item, how the company could screw you without violating the propectus.
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:23:36
Was Steve Jobs a decent programmer?  I have never heard of that.  (Steve Wozniak could be a less unlikely candidate...) I also don't think that he knew enough about cryptography and analysis of algorithms to write that whitepaper.  I even doubt that he ever used LaTeX.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:48:49
Even if the big-block version is deployed and widely accepted today, the max block size will be 1 MB until the nlock number B where the fork is scheduled to happen.  Thereafter, large blocks will be recognized as valid only if their block number is B or greater.  
So, the switch to a 20MB max block size is irrelevant for the OP's question.  If the miner has more than half of the total hashpower, he can "rewind" the blockchain by many blocks, at any time.  If he has less than half of the hashpower, he can do that only if he is lucky, and even then it is very unlikley that he will manage to "rewind" the blockchain by more than a few blocks.
@_date: 2015-05-23 15:27:29


If you had asked me 2 years ago, I would have said that it was a fantastic idea.  Now, after watching what happened to bitcoin, I am not so sure.  The "good" uses for untraceable payments seem so few, and the "bad" uses so many (ransomware, fraud, bribery, embezzlement, you name it) that I wonder whether the former are worth the latter.
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:38:23
Right now, the miners get almost 1 million dollars of revenue per day.  Think: where is that money coming from?
If the price were to rise to 24000 $/BTC, the miners would get about 100 million dollars of revenue per day.  Where would that money come from?
@_date: 2014-12-30 13:58:44
I don't understand.  Wasn't faster block times one of the things that sidechains were supposed to allow?  
If the honest miners of a sidechain have only 10 TH/s, an evil miner with 20 TH/s can easily orphan all their blocks and starve them to death.  That is independent of the difficulty level and block frequency.
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:45:28
I did not look at the attempt closely. Did they use the minimum fee, or were the transactions mostly zero-fee?  If the former, suppose that they had used a fee somewhat above the minimum -- would they have blocked all normal users who paid the minimum fee?
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:30:13
This is only the nice half the story.  The ugly half is that, in order to maintain the 1:1 BRL:USD illusion, the Fernando Henrique Cardoso government decided to privatize hundreds of billions worth of public property for near nothing, and borrow money from the IMF and other sources like crazy, at insane interets rates.  The result was an unpayable public debt  whose interest consumes 60% of all the tax that Brazilians pay, and still only keeps growing.  And yet the 1:1 peg came loose a few days after Cardoso was reelected, when the BRL suddenly devaluated by nearly 50%.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:10:20
Why would a miner leave a pool that has 51% of the hashpower? 
A pool owner who found itself owning more than 51% of the hashpower would split the pool into two ostensibly independent pools, but remain the sole owner of both.  So miners canot even tell whether they are working for a potential 51er or not.
A pool who had 51% hashpower, and wanted to do something moderately nasty but highly lucrative, could offer bonuses for his miners -- to discourage them from leaving, and to attract more miners to strengthen his ranks.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:41:18


That sounds great from a programmer's perspective, but is terrible as a business policy.  A service with a broad clientele must charge according to the service rendered, not according to its internal costs and constraints.  And the price must be known in advance. And there must be some minimum service guarantee, even if only probabilistic. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 18:49:35


The cost of a BTC transaction is P x R / T where P is the bitcoin price (USD/BTC), R is the mining rate (BTC/day), and T is the transaction rate (Tx/day).  Transaction fees should be included in R, but at present they are negligible (15 BTC/day versus 3600 BTC/day of block rewards).
That cost is not paid by the users but by new investors who buy bitcoins to hold.  As a consequence, there is no connection between the  *value* of a transaction and its cost (just as there is no connection between the value of one bitcoin and its market price).  
@_date: 2015-05-25 14:10:30
I doubt that this avenue could have resulted in such a big gap, and anyway it does not explain the strange entries in the leaked database.  (of course the database cannot be trusted, but what would be the purpose of those entries?)
My best guess, from reading the various "Willy reports" and theories, is that
+ The theft was carried out over several months by an insider, a client with special privileges, or a hacker who managed to remain undetected for months;
+ "Willy" was one or more robot traders who operated a series of slave accounts.  These robots would continuously buy small amounts of coins at a premium from normal users, probably using non-existing dollars.  Those were otherwise normal trades, visible in the trade logs and summaries.
+ Eventually, the bitcoins would be transferred from those slave accounts to one master account, in larger lumps.  These transfers were recorded in the database as fake trades, all for the same USD amount, independently of the BTC amount and the current BTC price.  These trades were not visible in the trade log or summaries. They are visible in plots of the price per BTC generated from the database, as  trades executed at random BTC prices ranging from near zero to much higher than market.
+ Bitcoins were then moved manually from MtGOX's hot and/or cold wallets  to unknown addresses.  These withdrawals were not recorded in the database, so the master account still showed a huge but bogus BTC balance.  Indeed, the purpose of the master account may have been to hide the discrepancy between the wallets and the sum of the clients' BTC balances.
I won't bet on this theory, but it seems to fit what I have read.  There may have been more shenanigans, e. g. the master account selling the non-existent BTC to other clients in exchange of their real dollars.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:42:20


I am responding to the proposal to remove any bound on block sizes and "let the market decide".   Yes, nodes and clients must process, and hopefully validate, the mined blocks.  And that is why it is necessary to have a well defined max block size (whether 1 MB or 20MB or 200GB, it is not the pont here): so that the miners do not waste work generating blocks that nodes, users, and other miners will reject as "too big".
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:28:11
But the auditor must have the device in sight, correct?
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:06:09
I didn't watch it, but didn't Wiklevoss say "maybe 1 trillion dollars" on TV, not long ago?
A woman from Argentina predicted 1 million dollars, and the claim was published in a major US news source (WSJ perhaps?).
Meanwhile, here is what the experts were predicting in May 2014 (when the price was ~450 $/Ƀ) for the price at the end of the year (actual value: ~330 $/Ƀ)
@_date: 2015-05-16 19:07:10
Well, maybe that is why he has't spent his coins yet.  If the thing crashes, and he profited from it, he would be profiting from other people's losses...  Apart from legal worries, some people would pass the opportunity to make money that way, for moral reasons.
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:28:05


Well, it is that idea that I cannot see the point of.
@_date: 2015-05-15 14:30:38
Well, obviously a bitcoin that moved on a certain day was not lost up to that day.  That gives a lower bound to the number N(t).  Namely, if 10 million of the bitcoins that existed on date t were moved after that date, then N(t) is at least 10 million.
However, that its a very loose bound.  For example, the ~1 million "Satoshi" bitcoins have never moved; we do not know whether they are lost or not. 
BTW, my formula above ignores the creation of new coins by mining.  If they are considered, the formula is a bit more complicated.  So the reasoning above applies only to the future when the supply of mined coins has become irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-05-23 15:16:07
Brazil is still recovering from TelexFree, a huge MLM scheme that collapsed a year or so ago.  Ostensibly it was selling some stupid VOIP cards, but as usual people had to pay dearly to enter and then would get a percentage of the entry fees of anyone else they recruited.  They recruited tens of millions of people, many selling cars and homes to buy multiple entry licenses; total losses amounted to 1 billion dollars or more.
That may help explain why Brazilians are not excited about bitcoin.  And, of course, although devaluation of the BRL is particularly high this year, it is nowhere near that of BTC.
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:08:11
That is a separate reason (now [21]).  It does not apply to the many people who understand bitcoin, and still see some or all of the other items as problems. 
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:36:27
Of course people have very different opinions about the rights that one **should** have; and its is important to debate that, and lobby and vote accordingly.   But the rights that we **do** have are those the state says we have, and will use its power to protect.  
@_date: 2015-05-27 05:38:45
That is what I noted; but there is no such thing as "the" bitcoin software.  The protocol is out there and any software that implements it is just as "official" as any other.  BCI's broken RNG bug could have been in the core client too.  (Note that the bug was in the part of the code that signed transactions and generated key pairs, which are basic functions of the protocol. It was not in "non-protocol" functions like account or wallet management.)
One cannot dismiss bug-caused risks by claiming that the bug is "not in bitcoin".  If the user's actions were "normal", any problem he runs into is a "bitcoin problem", whatever the cause, and should be considered when computing the risk of using bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:10:45


Maybe the article could state the goals more precisely upfront? Namely, what constitutes a 'backdoor or bug'?  How much access is the auditor supposed to have to the device? 
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:14:54
That "number of transactions" at the top is the total trades of **all** titles and stocks traded by OTCQX.  (Pretty confusing, yes.)  The number of **GBTC** shares traded so far has been approximately zero, give or take 50%.
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:00:40


Bitcoin is **NOT** a success now.  


Consumers stop using it because they have better alternatives (crypto or not).  Investors realize that its price is not going to recover, sell out, price crashes.  Mining contracts to a tiny fraction of today's hashpower.  A bored hacker puts a botnet to mine empty blocks and freezes the network for a week.  Maybe the US and allies ban it (but that would not be necessary).
@_date: 2015-05-19 15:53:18


There are quite adequate tools for doing the sorts of things you describe.  Public-key digital signatures and smartchips are old mature technologies.  Bitcoin and the blockchain do not add any facility that is relevant.  Even with bitcoin as the messaging and authentication mechanism, you still need to establish a shared protocol to enable delivery drones to open your house in a safe way.
@_date: 2015-05-16 04:26:58
There are the murders that Ross paid for.  Since SilkRoad was totally based on bitcoin, presumably they can be counted as bitcoin murders.  (Seems that the killers were all DEA agents, though, and the murders did not actually happen.)
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:33:38
Clearing a possible misunderstanding: I don't believe in the longterm success of bitcoin.  So, to me, these scenarios are just alternative bad things that may happen on the way to its demise...


Well, here is a possible scenario: a North Korean hacker breaks into the USMS computer and steals 100'000 BTC from them.  The major US exchanges and other US bitcoin services, after an emergency meeting in an undisclosed three-letter location, announce that, "for the future of bitcoin" they have decided to, just once, insert an exception in the protcol that will forcibly transfer those coins back to an USMS address, even without the hacker's signature.  The Chinese exchanges and miners at first swear that they will never do such a thing, because it will destroy trust bla bla. But, after attending a tea party at the Communist Party headquarters, they unanimously agree that the exception is "good for bitcoin" and for the preservation of harmonious relations with the Western world.  And so...
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:30:58
But the difficulty will drop only if some miners turn off their machines.  The equilibrium should be reached when the remaining miners are only moderately profitable, and some are borderline.
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:18:54
If the attacker is a miner with (say) 30% of the hashpower, he will get back 30% of the daily expense above, by collecting 30% of those fees.
The cost may be near zero if the attacker holds several thousand stolen BTC that he cannot turn into cash for fear of being caught.
@_date: 2015-05-17 12:17:08


From that opening, one can already tell that they are not in the US. 
@_date: 2015-05-25 08:26:30
Fiatleak is a totally misleading site.  It shows trading volume at (some) exchanges as being bitcoins going to the respective countries.
Actually, every trade in an exchange is both a buy and a sell;  buyers and sellers may be anywhere in the world; and the same coins may be traded and re-traded many times per day, or even per hour (especially in China).
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:28:04
BitPay published some numbers recently.  It seems that 90% (40'000 in 44'000) prefer to receive dollars from BitPay, for all or part of the bitcoins that customers pay.
BitPay claims to process 1 million dollars per day, which means that they have to sell maybe 2500 BTC per day on the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:33:44
If by "using" you mean "trading inside the exchanges", yes, they aparently are trading more coins (which are worth less).  That is what the volume means.
If you mean "buying things with bitcoin", there is no evidence of that such use is increasing; and the PBoC decrees make that rather unlikely.  
If you mean "are holding bitcoins", there is no evidence that they are increasing their holdings either, and the price evolution since Jan/2014 is strong evidence that they are actually unloadind what they still have.
@_date: 2015-05-23 03:02:14


I don't think so either.  I recall reading that the first to mention speculative investment in bitcoins was hal Finney, is that right?
Anyway, I was just pointing out the obvious driving motivation behind most altcoins.  
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:32:58
Can you name some other advantage?
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:46:17
The actual costs of AML/KYC can be shared by all services even if the licenses are separate.  That is not the reason why the DFS requires explicit permission for new services.  I suppose that the rule applies also to non-bitcoin companies, isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:51:31
Indeed, for bitcoin to be useful as a currency, the price does not *need* to go up.  It would go up or down, gradually and naturally, as more or fewer people use it. Thouble is: right now, if there was no speculative hoarding, that "natural" price would be less than 10 $/BTC.  So there is 230 $/BTC of room for the price to drop, if a cold wind happens to blow across the market...
@_date: 2015-05-21 15:29:48
It used to be; not any more.
@_date: 2015-05-08 03:33:12
There must be a hard block size limit for practical software reasons.  Each miner must know what is the largest block that all other users, nodes, and miners can handle, and what is the largest block that other miners may post.  Otherwise a miner may post a solved block so big that some clients crash, or that it gets rejected by some or all nodes.  Malicious miners could even exploit that to do mischief.
Whether the limit should be 1 MB or 20 MB or 200 GB, it is another discussion.   It just cannot be "unbounded".
@_date: 2015-05-17 17:05:44
Why would the amount of gold mined decrease over time?   Gold deposits cannot be identified as easily as iron or copper ones.  One may still find huge deposits any time in the future. 
The capped amount and fixed issuance schedule are unlike gold, just as they are unlike any significant currency ever used.
I am a computer scientist, like Satoshi and most early developers.  Until two years ago, it was my belief too that inflation was evil and the perfect money should have a fixed number of units in circulation.  After watching what is happening to bitcoin and reading analyses of it by economists, now I know that a good currency needs to have an ever expanding supply,  and  lose purchasing power at a small rate, to discourage people from hoarding it.
As someone aptly observed, "bitcoin is the tool that the Devil invented to teach economics to the nerds"...
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:13:52
Yeah, they could never have put people on the Moon, landed on Titan, or even flown something as complicated as the Space Shuttle.  Or written the Stuxnet virus.
@_date: 2015-05-09 04:09:41
I wast thinking of this paragraph from [**their recent release**](


Could it be that they are planning to do the same thing as Tether, only described differently?
@_date: 2015-05-12 05:02:32
Why create another bitcon?  For the same reason why so many altcoins have been created, even though they were obviously not better than bitcoin: "Why should I buy bitcoins, and let Satoshi and other early adopters get filthy rich at my expense, if I can create my own coin, and become filthy rich myself at other people' expense?"
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:13:22
It is safer than keeping the private keys in a PC, or in a web wallet.  However, there are still some risks that users must be aware of:
The thief can replace the trezor by a fake device (at the factory, in the mail, in a brick-and-mortar store) before the user first uses it.  The fake Trezor imitates the appearance and behavior of the real one, but steal your bitcoins without you noticing.
Afther the user has saved many bitcoins in his Trezor, the thief can substitute it for a fake one that looks just like it. User then tries to use the device, which displays a message "error, please reload the firmware and re-enter your passphrase". The fake device only pretends to reload the firmware, and then steals the user's password that define the private keys.
The thief can steal the SatoshiLabs credentials and use them to sign a malicious firmware, then serve it to the user through a malicious driver. Or it may hack the SatoshiLabs server and put the signed malicious firmare update there. Or the SatoshiLabs owners themselves may be crooks who are just waiting for people to put enough bitcoins in their Trezors before stealing them all.
The thief can convince the user to load an unsigned malicious firmware, ignore the warning on the trezor's screen, then re-enter his passphrase. (Users have been convinced to do far more idiotic things in other contexts.)
If the user enters the PIN at an unsecured location, the thief can obtain the PIN matrix from the device's screen with a hidden camera, keylog the PIN, and then physically steal the device.
These are some of the attacks I can think of right away. I am sure that professional hackers can think of dozens of other ways.
@_date: 2014-12-31 05:25:22
If bitcoin fails to become the Beast of the Apocalypse, it may still have two possible fates:
(1) It will find use as currency in some niche market, say dugs in a few thrid-world countries, or buying viedogame points.  In that case its unit price will be P = V*T/N where V is the volume of payments per day in USD, T is the mean time between a coin being bought by a customer and being sold by the merchant to another customer; and N is total number of bitcoins in existence (between 13 and 21 million).  This may yield P betwen 1 and 100 dollars, maybe.
(2) It will survive only as it did in early 2009: a computer experiment, mined only by a network of computer nerds with technical interest in the protocol.  They may trade it among themselves and use it to buy pizzas and such, but with no significant economic interest.  Its price would be largely conventional, P = R*C/N, where C is the number of participants, R the amount of money that each can spare to invest in that experiment, and N is as above.  Then P will be a penny or less.
In either case there would be no hoarding because the increase in P would be small, irregular and unpredictable, and could be negative, 
@_date: 2015-05-18 12:37:31
"Pretty stable" by bitcoin standards, but variation ±5% from day to day still makes it totally unsuitable for accounting.  You need stability of a few % for 3 months, better for a year -- because you must account for currency value changes when computing the cost of your inventory, committing to future payments, etc..
Typical profits for retail stores are around 5%-10%, or even less.  The change in BTC price from one day to next could turn fair profits into significant losses. 
Payment processors like BitPay still need to convert the store's price from USD to BTC on the spot, and pray that the BTC price won't change much in the couple of hours between you sending them the bitcoins and they selling them on an exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-04 09:35:27
The point is that the vast majority of the people paid no attention, and the dollar's purchasing power was hardly affected.   The same would happen to bitcoin.  Making a fuss and declating BTC to be worthless would be against their own interest, so they will barely grumble and pretend that the change does not matter...
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:55:48


Actually that is called "gambling", or "day trading".  To deserve the name "investing", the person must have some objective reason for expecting a certain price in the future (and/or certain dividends for the coming years).
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:24:18


Which means that the chips will get a deposit on their wallets only after they have accumulated enough mining work to be worth a few thousand satoshis.
The chips will have to receive at least 1 message every 10 minutes from 21.co, to get the next mining task, and must report back frequently (once every 10 minutes too?) to send their partial proof-of-work to 21.co. 
If 21.co manages to deploy 10 million chips in the next 3-4 years, and each chip does 100 GH/s (is this a good guess?), that would be 1000 PH/s.  Assuming that the rest of the world does not upgrade, they will grab most of the block rewards. At current prices that is 800'000 $/day;  Let's round that to 1 million.  That means 0.10 $/day for each chip (0.05 $/day after the next halving). Will that pay for the electricity consumed?
Curiously, in that scenario the revenue of 21.co will not increase if they double the number of chips; but the revenue of each chip would be halved.  
@_date: 2015-05-08 02:36:56
As you wish.  The point is: a government who wanted to block bitcoin (which they could do with reletive ease, for all practical purposes) would not meet any significant opposition; except from the bitcoiners themselves, who are a tiny part of the population.
@_date: 2015-05-20 13:57:13
Please find out what "decentralized" means, and what is the essential thing that enables bitcoin to "send value to anyone on the planet almost instantly without a middleman".
EDIT: actually it is not "without a middleman" because bitcon still depends on miners and nodes to do that.  A more correct phrase is "without the need for a mutually trusted third party or central authority".
@_date: 2015-05-07 01:21:44
GBTC data from OTCQX page at end of each day:
    Date             day's price range      day's volume
    ---------------+----------------------+-------------
    2015-05-04        37.98 --   42.00               765
    2015-05-05        55.00 --   94.86               435
    2015-05-06         N/A  --    N/A                125
The volume numbers are BIT shares; each share represents 0.1 BTC held by Grayscale, minus fees.
Bitcointalk user  a BIT shareholder, posted that he sold 60 shares at 65 $/share today (2015-05-06).
According to a post on the SecondMarket Observer thread at Bitcointalk, when OTCQX updates the GBTC quote page, it ignores any trades smaller than 100 shares (10 BTC).  That is why the daily price range for today is shown as "N/A--N/A" ("not available") even though 125 shares were traded today.  
By the way, OTCQX only updates during business hours:


@_date: 2015-05-23 17:29:50


I don't see why, either.   I don't think that OKCoin's excuses make sense do far.
However, if they were an US company, I would think that they would be required to file a Suspicious Activity Report for *any* "suspicious payment", whatever the reason.  Otherwise, companies could easily circumvent the requirement.
@_date: 2015-05-21 21:22:28
Electricity from a rechargeable battery is *much* more expensive than the same power drawn from a wall outlet; and it is *much, much, much* more valuable to the owner of the device.  Putting miners on smartphones, tablets or laptops makes no sense.
@_date: 2015-05-23 13:59:04
Great form, although it would be slightly better without the last section, IMHO. 8-)  BTW, why did you tick


@_date: 2015-05-17 17:18:37
Well, that is why scammers have orgasms when they learn about bitcoin and the bitcoin community.




The major protection that society has against scammers and embezzlers is the possibility of sending the cops after them and putting them in jail.  If the owners of a company refuse to identify themselves, they are evading that protection. (And "identify" is not just give their names, but provide enough *independetly verifiabe* information that their customers can send the cops after them.)




Entrepreneurs must work a few years as employees before they set up their own companies.  There is a *lot* of things that a CEO must know about running a company that he cannot learn at school, even a business school -- or, worse, by reading the internet.  A few people may be so intelligent that they can learn those things on the fly, but they are a minority so tiny that one can disregard them.  
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:55:41
The 21 MB blocks may hurt small "home" miners.  I can't believe that it will hurt any miner who has 1% or more of the hashrate, like those identified in [this chart](
As that chart shows, the home miners (part of the "Unknown" slice) have quite a bit less than 25% of the total hashpower.  If some of them gave up because of the 20 MB blocks, the chart would not look much different.
Mining centralization is a serious problem because an entity with more than half of the hashpower can control bitcoin, and therefore negate its reason to exist (a payment method without central authority).
Mining centralization is inevitable because a large miner that has 10% of the haspower usually can grow faster than one that has only 1%.  This will happen with 1 MB or 20 MB blocks; for the miners that matter, it should hardly make a difference.
@_date: 2015-05-08 03:09:56
If clients issue N transactions per second and the system can handle only H, and H is greater than N, there will be occasional backlogs of transactions piling up at the nodes, but they will eventually clear. As N gets closer to H, the nodes will need increasingly larger queues to hold these backlogs, and therefore the transactions will take longer to clear them; but there is a finite queue size that will be sufficient to keep the nodes working, and only very rarely they will have to reject a transaction.
If N is greater than H, on the other hand, there will soon be a backlog that will never clear; it will only keep growing without bound.  The larger N is, the faster it will grow. Then the queues will soon become perpetually full, and the system will be rejecting transactions at the rate N-H.  Then it would be better to have small queues, because the rejection rate will be the same, but the transactions that are not rejected will be processed sooner.
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:42:27
Look at the price chart of the last 14 months and you will understand why Coinbase had to implement immediate USD conversion.
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:33:54


The difficulty will adjust only after half of the miners have turned off their equipment.
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:13:41


Is that v7 or v8?
Anyway, I read all that, and I still have a very different view of it all...
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:18:51


There does not need to be explicit collusion.  When miners go home at the end ofthe day, they put aside their miner helmet and put on their their investor's hat.  They can play the futures too, and since they have largish piles of bitcoins to sell, they can lend them and dump them whenever it is better for them.
Meanwhile the exchange owners too (or some of their dearest friends) must be playing the market against their clients, using their privileged view of the order book and of the traders' positions.  (Why not? There is no law against it, not even in the US, and if it is hugely profitable...)
@_date: 2015-05-28 18:45:22


Roughly: as the price increases, more people will hoard it, reducing the available supply and thus pushing the price further up.  As the free supply tends to zero, the price will tend to "infinity" (or some absurdly high value, say 1 M $/BTC).  
The price cannot ever stabilize, because if it stops increasing it will no longer be a good investment.  Then hoarders will try to sell all their holdings, no one will want to buy, and the price will crash.  When that happens, the miners will lose the revenue from block rewars, and will have to increase the fees. that will reduce the trasnction volume, that will further reduce the mienrs revenue.
Also: now, in 2015, each day investors put ~ 1 M $ into the system, to buy the coins generated by the miners.  In order to prevent the network from shrinking, they must keep pouring in at least that amount, no matter what the block reward is.  Eventually, those 2015 investors will want to get their investment back with profit.  To simplify the argument, let's say that they all decide to cash out in 2016,  To get a 50% profit, they must sell their coins. that they bought in 2015, for 1.5 M $.  The only place where that money can come is from the people who will be investing in 2016.  Thus, every day the  2016 investors must provide 2.5 M $: being 1 M $ or more for the miners, and 1.5 for the 2015 investors.  One year later, when the 2016 investors try to recover those 2.5 M $ with 50% profit, the 2017 investors will have to provide 4.75 M $ per day: 1 M $ for the miners plus 3.75 M $ for the 2016 investors.  And so on, exponentially.  
Either way you look at them the current bitcoin economy and price are unsustainable. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 23:44:00
Apart from bugs, the probability of a transaction being confirmed N times and then becoming unconfirmed (by the appearance of a second branch that orphans all those N blocks at once) can be calculated; IIRC that calculation is in Satoshi's whitepaper.
There is a [**chart**]( showng the number of blocks orphaned per day.  The number does not seem to get above 5 (in ~144), and the average is about 2.  So, presently, there is about 1 in 75 chance that a block is orphaned.  If those were distributed at random, the chance of having 4 consecutive orphans in one day would be about 144 x (1/75)^4 which is about 1 in 200'000 days.  The chance of 4 consecutive blocks being orphaned *at once* would be much smaller than that. 
But the chances may be higher if there is a malicious attack.  An entity that controls more than half of the total haspower can undo 6 confirmations, and worse.
@_date: 2015-05-12 06:27:30
Almost all major price moves since Nov/2013 were due to events, rumors, and news in China.
@_date: 2015-05-31 12:56:36
A majority cartel can completely jam the old branch of the chain so that the old tokens will be impossible to move.  Services that do not upgrade will get no deposits and will be unable to process withdrawals.  Anyone mining the old chain will see his all his blocks be orphaned.  Everybody would have to upgrade to the cartel version of the software, and then their coins will be available again.  Knowing this, most players will upgrade before the scheduled fork block.
@_date: 2015-05-17 02:48:24
Most of the 20k are probably day-traders buying and selling many times over the day.
Miners and earlier investors put coins into the exchanges (often through payment processors like BitPay, etc.). Other investors buy the coins to hold (possibly through funds, brokers like Coinbase, etc.).  But most of the volume must be day-trading (or arbitrage, which is like day-trading only between exchanges.)
@_date: 2015-05-24 14:02:00


Well, thanks for your time.  I hope someone "in charge" answers my question...
(I still cannot see what "trustlessness" means in this context, or the distinction between "one way" and "two way".  If Bob has control of some bitcoins in the main chain, he can deposit them into Bitstamp, without having to trust anyone else, not even Bitstamp; and some time later Bitstamp can send them to an address in the main chain controlled by Alice, without having to trust anyone else, not even Alice; and no one can block or divert those transfers.  
There seems to be some unstated assumptions about how a sidechain must run its service and relate to its human clients...)
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:11:27
Correction: by the time of the last halving on 2012-11-28, the price had increased 40% (from ~5.00 to ~7.00) over the previous 6 months, by ~120% over the previous year (from ~3.00), and by ~1000% over the previous 15 months (from ~0.70).  Whereas today the price has been down in all three timescales.  
How was the mining scene at the end of 2011? GPU-based, or still on CPUs? (I wasn't aware of bitcoin at that time.)
@_date: 2015-05-01 18:22:32


The remittance service will know who received what.  If the court orders him to return money that he received, and he doesn't comply, that's contempt of court, a jail offense.  Anything the guy bought can be confiscated.  If he attempts to sell, the money will be confiscated...
Why do people still believe that bitcoin is a way to hide money from the law?  Dark market merchants know that it is not true; they get rid of bitcoin as fast as they can...
@_date: 2015-05-30 04:06:31
A stress test a coule of hours ago created a large backlog of unconfirmed transctions that still has not been cleared.  is that what is holding that transaction?
@_date: 2015-05-02 03:42:18
The first sentence above "He was fully aware of the 51% attack,... a 51% cartel would not be able to form."  is what I gathered from the whitepaper and quotes of his emails; and even today there are people claiming that the centralization is not a reason to worrky because it is temporary, and the distribution will spread out again.
As I wrote, it is only one theory...
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:35:44
OK, but even so, why would *my* car or *my* wifi router need its own separate money account (or wallet, whatever)?  Whether I am a plain consumer or a merchant or service provider, whatever my devices consume will be paid by *me*, and whatever money they make will be *mine*...
@_date: 2015-05-18 08:26:07


But the photo of the box says that the tour was in 2013. A new tour, or warmed-over old news?
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:00:35
That is exactly part (a) of the problem...
@_date: 2015-05-18 02:14:02
"The internet is an inch-deep ocean of warmed-over spit." --*Some Smartaleck* (Sometime)
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:49:27
The fees would have to generate about 1 million dollars a day (300 million dollars per year) in order to support the current mining network.  A thousand banks paying 10$ per year will not do it...
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:24:36
Comparing the blockchain traffic with the numbers released recently by BitPay and with other scattered hints, I would guess that more than 90% is "spam" -- more precisely, transactions that are not relevant to bitcoin's stated goal, and would not be missed if they were suppressed by higher fees or some other policy change.
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:01:01
In the current system, users are expected to guess the fee that would make their transaction attractive to miners, and re-try after a while with a higher fee if the transaction did not get through.
That system may seem clever to a programmer or a free-market fanatic, but makes no commercial sense.  Just imagine the same system being used for bus fares.  
Bitcoin needs a simple fee formula, that allows each user to compute the fee *exactly* in advance: such as 0.001 BT + 0.2% of the total transaction output.  It also needs service quasi-guarantees: if the user pays the standard fee, he must be assured that his transaction will be processed within N minutes, with very hight probability.
@_date: 2015-05-19 03:53:01
A rolback is definitely out of the question.  But an exception table would not cause any inconvenience to any users except those affectedby the exceptions.  (In fact, it could have been used to fix the OP_MUL spill, with much less disruption.) Therefore, while it would be unthinkable to the ideologues, I don t think it is totally out of the question.  I bet that 99% of the bitcoiners would not care.  Humans can be made to accept far worse things than a violation of sacred principles...
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:49:29
Silicon Valley still has an open road to develop innovative *technology*.  But, whenever it wanted to provide commercial *services*, even if they were based on technology, it had to comply with the corresponding commercial regulations.  Thus, for example, when people and companies tried to use thhe internet and computers for music and video distribution, they had to bow to the RIAA and MIAA, and respect "their" copyright laws: Napster out, iTunes and Netflix in.
Bitcoin services are not technology, they are financial services, and therefore they will have to submit to financial service regulations.  It was overly naive to expect that they would somehow be exempted from regulations just because they use a different tool to do the same thing as traditional companies.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:52:50
No idea.
I have read on bitcontalk that OTCQX excludes **trades** of less than 100 shares when computing the day's low-high price range. But their order book has displayed several asks for 1 BTC, so that rule does not apply there.
Your broker may be able togive you a reliable answer, I suppose.
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:52:18
Of course there are other people buying at the the exchanges, besides those day traders and arbitragers.  Some buy to increase their holdings, some sell to reduce them, some buy coins to pay for goods and services.  At this time, may miners must be selling close to 100% of all coins that they create, and some must be doing so at the exchanges.  Processors like BitPay collect bitcoins from consumers and sell some of them on the exchanges.    
Unfortunately there does not seem to be any way to tell how much of the trade volume is *not* day trading.  If we knew how much BTC is being deposited or withdrawn from each eachange per day, we would have an upper bound.  But we have no such data, for any exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-09 22:48:13
I confess that my last sentence was pure trolling.  I know damn well that bitcoiners will never accept that... The "hopefully" was sincere, however; because that  *would* be good for bitcoin, in its original conception.
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:58:20
Yes, but if they have 60% of the total hashpower before the fork, they can distribute their power (dynamically if needed) to have 60% of the hashpower on each branch.
@_date: 2015-05-21 15:35:28
Actually, Chinese alchemists who sought the Elixir of Long Life often included gold powder in the formula, "because gold never decays".  (Of course it also goes through the digestive system totally unchanged; so, that was very literally throwing money down the toilet.. 8-)  And very thin gold foil (used by gilders, much thinner than cigarette paper) is sometimes used today to decorate pastries. 
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:02:59
Why do they believe that? Perhaps because it looks totally like one?
As an e-payment system, bitcoin is defintely not a ponzi.  However, that use is not significant in the "bitcoin economy", because coins that are bought for that purpose will be promptly sold by the payment processor.  The bitcoin transfers then cancel out, and the net economic effect is basically the consumer sends dollars to the merchant, in exchange for goods and services.
The "ponzi" aspect lies in bitcoin as an investment or speculative instrument.   To analyze this aspect, we can divide the players of the "bitcoin system" into the new investors (N), who are increasing their holdings of bitcoin; the divestors (D), who are getting rid of their coins; the miners and the makers of mining equipment (M); and the service companies (S) like BitPay, Bitstamp, BIT, etc.  (The holders, who own coins but are neither buying nor selling, can  be included in either N or D, it does not matter.)
The net money flow in the system is: dollars enter the system exclusively from N, and exit the system through D, M, and S.  (For simplicity of analysis, consider exchanges of bitcoins by goods, services, and other national currencies translated into exchanges of bitcoins and dollars.)
The flow N--&gt;M is currently about 800'000 USD/day.  It is proportional to the BTC price and to the block reward.
The flow N--&gt;D is totally unknown, but is certainly positive, and may be more than N--&gt;M.
The flow N--&gt;S consists of the various fees, spreads, and other revenues that the service companies collect; it is probably small compared to the other two.
Besides the net money flow, there is a return net flow of bitcoins from M and D to N (which may temporarily go through S, but that part eventually cancels out).  However, bitcoins do not create dollars and will not turn into magically into dollars.  The investors N can only recover their investment by changing their role to D (which moves their coins too from N to D), and selling their coins to the other investors in N.  
So, in this analysis, the bitcoins are created by M and keep churning between N and D; while those people who are in N must continuously pour new money into the system -- one million dollars a day or more.
No matter what path it follow, that money will eventually and permanently leave the system through D, M, and S.  The system can only be sustained as long as it can recruit enough new investors into N and convice them to put enough new money into the system.
People who understand something about investing can easily perceive this money flow as soon as they learn about bitcoin. That is why they call bitcoin a "ponzi".  Bitcoin may not be a *deliberate* ponzi (as a former IMF official observed), but it has turned into one.
Actually, the result of a perfect ponzi (where the operator does not take any profit) is simply to shuffle money between the investors.  Therfore, while the earlier investors may expect a profit, and the later ones should expect a loss, the expected gain for a random investor is zero.  In the "bitcoin ponzi", however, the miner class M takes a large fraction of the money that the investors N put in, before the divestors D take theirs.  The expected gain for a random investor (starting at N and eventually moving to D) is therefore negative.  
The world does not need another ponzi; much less a dumb and complicated one.  Besides fleecing unwary investors, the use of bitcoin as investment and speculative instrument is the main cause of the price's extreme volatility, which in turn is one of the obstacles to its adoption as currency.   For the public good, and for the health and success of bitcon-as-currency, bitcoin-as-investment should die as soon as possible.
Unfortunately, bitcoin-as-currency depends on the miners to secure the blockchain, and their hashrate is basically proportional to their revenue.  Until transaction fees become significant, that revenue must come from the new investors N.  
How will bitcoin get out of this pothole?  I wish I knew...
@_date: 2014-11-28 05:26:41
Surely the blockchain technology will be extended in the future to unblock blocked airways.  Meanwhile, perhaps you could have removed the stuck transaction with a hard fork.  Sad to know that you are now a orphan.
@_date: 2017-02-27 02:14:09
 I would do it, but other regulars already took care of that.  (And try to understand.  It takes some time for an ex-bitcoiner who just converted to to become fully smart again.) 
As for spending any BTC address, there are many simpler ways than to build some super-hyper-quantum computer:
+ Someone may find (say, within the next year) an algorithm that inverts ECDSA + SHA in less than a minute on an ordinary laptop.  (There is no scientific argument that makes that possibility unlikely, so we should give it 50% chance of happening. 8-)
+ Someone may sneak into some popular wallet software a buggy random number generator, or some other bug in the key generating routine, so that the private keys have only 30 bits of entropy rather than 160.  Then that someone generates all 2^30 possible keys and their addresses, and waits for them to get a sufficiently large amount.
And many other methods.  But I suppose you already know that.
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:03:27
I am saying that 95% or more of the current price is due to pure speculation; not due to use as a currency or to some other fundamental factor.  
@_date: 2015-05-23 14:20:56
You seem to be conflating bitcoin with the Internet of Things.  They are unrelated ideas, except in the dreams of 21.co and some others.  
But yes, bitcoin *and* the IoT are wet dreams of several three-letter agencies.  Bitcoin enables paying operatives deep within "enemy" states, bypassing their banking system and traditional money remitters.  The IoT will enable the SWAT team to crash into your home at the precise moment when you have just buttered you toast, so that when they shout "hands up" the toast will do maximum damage as it falls face down onto the carpet.
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:13:56
I don't understand.  Any coin transfer that a client does through CoinJoin, instead of by a separate transaction, would still add the same inputs and outputs to the set of transactions done by CoinJoin, somewhere.  
So, the number of transactions may be reduced when going through CoinJoin, but the total byte size would not.
Am I missing something?  
@_date: 2015-05-10 22:24:10
The 21 million BTC limit has a simple explanation: it is about 2^51 satoshis, the largest amount of bitcoin that can be safely handled in Excel, javascript, awk, matlab, and many other popular applications and programming languages, without risk of rounding errors.  
The exact limit is a little lower than 2^51, but the difference can be explained by the choice of round numbers in the reward halving algorithm.
20 MB is just 20 times 1 MB.  I don't think that it has any special significance other than being a round number.   10 MB may have been a nicer number, but it probably seemed a bit too low.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:08:49
Please see this post of mine [Why there must be a static hard maximum block size](
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:09:26


That means recharging 6 times a week instead of 5, running out of juice after 8 hours instead of 10... And say again, how many thousand dollars per day would that chip yield in return for that inconvenience?
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:14:18
[April 22, 2015 - FAQs Regarding Filing of Bankruptcy Claims by MTGOX Users](




@_date: 2015-05-12 20:14:19
The real problem is that the price is 100x what it ought to be.  The meta-problem is that (a) no one knows how to solve that problem gracefully, and (b) no one *wants* to solve that problem; on the contrary, almost everybody who is invested in bitcoin wants to make the problem worse.
@_date: 2015-05-23 20:21:59


Well, that is the question I have been trying to get an answer to: what is *not* a sidechain?  And also: is there really a need for extra machinery in the blockchain to support sidechains, whatever they are?
But it is not you who should answer these questions...




Well, they are necessary if a startup wants to be taken seriously.  As I wrote, the "business plan" is not meant to be a reliable prediction, or even likely; it is only a proof that there is *some* way for the company to make profit, and that the guys have given some thought to that detail.




That phrase was not referring to bitcoin specifically, just to startups in general.   But indeed, how the bitcoin network will cross from block rewards to transaction fees is beginning to sound like "uh, we haven't figured out that part yet, but we have faith that it will work out".  Well, it would be reassuring to see at least *one* possible path from here to there. 


I gave you a thought example -- the Satoshi Bus Lines -- where it obviously would not work.  There is a reason why all bus lines have fixed pre-announced fees, and first-come-first-served seating.


For example, if the miners are trying to force a certain minimum fee.  If clients could choose the miner who will solve the next block, they would just switch to cheaper miners.   But since they can't, if enough miners start to refuse transactions with low fees, clients will have to raise their fees in order to avoid delays.


It works because the fees are economically irrelevant, so the clients don't mind paying them, and the miners don't pay attention to them.  But what will happen when the miners will depend on the fees? 
As you must be aware, if the block rewards were eliminated today, the miners would need to collect more than 5 USD per transaction, on the average, to maintain their revenue.  Obviously that would not be possible, so even with the maximum viable fees the network would have to shrink.  Besides, as soon as the fees become significant, probably 80% of the transactions would be suppressed.   
In 2024 the block reward will be only 3.125 BTC.  Will that be sufficient to pay for the current power consumption, or will it be necessary to charge significant fees?  That is why I think that a "business plan" for bitcoin is necessary.
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:39:16
Assuming that the rumors are correct (which I doubt), the question is whether those embedded chips would be doing blockchain transactions directly, or interact with some central server. (They are hiring people with big server experience it seems.) 
The colelction of chips scattered through the world would be managed as a pool, so that everybody gets a little bitcoin everyday (rather than one winner gets 25 BTC and the others get zero).  Paradoxically, the more successful the project is, the less bitcoin each participant will receive. 
If the chips will also be custodians of the bitcoins (like a hardware wallet), and performs those automatic paywall micropayments themselves, they may need to receive the bitcoin quotas from the pool at least daily.  So there will be at least one transaction per day per chip.  Each micropayment will have to be a blockchain transaction too, whether directly to the site or to a central clearinghouse that sends a message to the site. (Note that the payment must be instantaneous, since any delay in granting access will be very annoying to the person accessing the contents.)
Alternatively, the central server may keep the bitcoins (like Coinbase and Circle do), and interaction beterrn chips and websites will be done through the central server using a special-purpose protocol.  In that case, there may need to be only one blockchain transaction per website per day, for the total micropayments in that day.
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:41:44
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2015-05-14 00:26:18
Did he confuse Gavin Andersen and Marc Andreessen?
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:53:57
The blockchain is already set to end war, theft, fraud, corruption, and poverty all over the world.  Getting rid of all hackers is trivial compared to that. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:31:55


Good that you say "yet".  AFAIK the case is still being investigated by the Japanese police.  Let's see how it ends...
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:33:20
Just because the authorities approve of a business, it does not mean that it is a legitimate honest one.  (Funny that *I* have to say that... 8D)
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:50:31
I don't recall for sure, but you will have to report a gain at some point; either when you mine them, or when you sell *or spend* them, or every year if the price changed.  (Spending in exchange for goods and services counts the same as selling, I am almost sure.)
@_date: 2015-05-23 02:33:59
No matter how securely stored and timestamped, a document is worthless without an authority with power to enforce it.
Anyone can write a document stating that he bought your house for a (non-existent) diamond that he found on his backyard, and record the hash on the blockchain.  Luckily for you, your government will ignore those bits, and will not change its opinion about who owns the house.
@_date: 2015-05-01 12:50:44
That was not a Stradivarius (who was Italian not French, and whose violins sell for three zeros more than that, at least).  If you are going to blame PayPal for that, you should blame bitcoin for all the scams from bitcoinica to Evolution, and for the people who died from overdose of SilkRoad drugs, and for Autumn Radtke's suicide, and...   Thank you Satoshi.
... without mentioniong all the times that chargebacks saved honest customers from being defrauded by dishonest merchants...
@_date: 2015-05-18 00:21:54


That was the idea.  Unfortunately, all over the world, citizens seem to have become more lazy and apathic, more indifferent to abuse and wongdoings of their employees in goverment.  In the US that has become quite dramatic: civil forfeiture, massive warrantless spying of citizens,  privatization of jails, DCMA, tax breaks for the rich, unconstrained mergers ... Maybe that is the result of a generation brought up by TV instead of parents...
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:04:23
I don't know, is that a script output of something?
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:43:14
That is possible, but I think it is much less likely than other alternatives.
More likely is that there is an undetected bug in the protocol or in a popular implementation thereof, or that a bug will be introducted by some future change, that allows hackers to steal bitcoins, or reveals the private keys to the world.  If such a bug is exploited sparingly for a couple of weeks, before being detected, the mess may be too messy to be fixed, even by rewinding the blockchain before the first exploit.
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:01:55


To most people, a cartel-controlled bitcoin would still look and feel the same.  It could still be used for international payments, bypassing banks.  It could still be used for micropayments, notarization, timestamping, online gambling, day-trading, etc..  Holders could still dream of it replacing credit cards and the price going to the moon.  Thus it would continue to exist and apparently succeed, at least for a while, but it would not be a "trustless e-payment system".  (Eventually, though, its large cost would probably render it uncompetitive to other centralized systems.)
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:39:23
Gold and ledgers have existed for millennia; my brain is not that old that I cannot grasp those concepts.  Ledgers are books, where one records all sorts of transactions -- including gold received and spent.   If one can view gold as a ledger, on can view it also as food or drug...
@_date: 2015-05-28 20:39:00
Except that 
+ Most commodities have a hard floor price.  Bitcoin's hard floor is given by its use as a currency.  That use will not be great as long as it is subject to those boom and bust cycles.
+ When a commodity bubble crashes, the major damage is to the pockets of those who invested in it.  In the case of bitcoin, a price crash will also lead to the shut-off of most of the miners, which will reduce the block rate proportionally, which will reduce its value as currency.  (If the price drops 90%, maybe 90% of the miners would shut off, the rate woud drop to 1 block every 100 minutesr, and the next difficulty adjustment may happen 3 months later.)
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:41:49
How can people take this seriously?
A forged land title can be inserted in the blockchain as easily as a legitimate one.
If the titles in the blockchain are decreed to be the Truth by legislative fiat, then blockchain will be only legitimizing and protecting land theft.
If the titles in the blockchain can be challenged in court, the law must allow a title to be superseded by insertion of a "corrective" title.  Then the system is pretty much useless...
Unfortunately, governments -- especially of the poorest countries -- are easy prey to technological snake oil like this project.  Idiotic smartchip-equipped ID cards, laptops for schoolchildren, electronic voting machines, ...
@_date: 2015-05-11 02:37:16
Euh, which narrative are you referring to?
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:44:40
No matter how mining technology evolves, transaction fees will have to collect about a million dollars per day in order to preserve the current level of security.  That would require 100x the current amount of e-payments being done via bitcoin.  
Forgive me for saying this, but I have read thousands of arguments like the one above, that promise a fix for only one localized problem but do not consider the whole system.  It feels like arguing with an "inventor" of a perpetual motion engine:
"The electricity generated by the dynamo will be less  than the electricity consumed by that electric motor."
"No problem, just attach two dynamos to the same axis"
"But then the motor would have to apply twice as much torque, and would consume twice as much electric power"
"No problem, put a 1:2 reduction gearbox."
"But then your dynamos will turn at half speed and generate half as much voltage"
"No problem, put a transformer in the circuit to raise the voltage." 
and so on... (I actually had such experience twice, once about a perpetual motion engine, once about an analog circuit chip to solve the Haltng Problem...)
@_date: 2015-05-28 06:33:07
Well, if that is the case, I take it all back.  Sorry.
@_date: 2015-05-04 16:00:10
How can we predict how humans will react, if not by looking for similar situations in the past?  It will never be the same situation, but what can we do otherwise?
The question is not how will the miners decide, but how will the users and services react to their decision.  It is claimed that users will dump their coins because they will see them as worthless, and services will refuse to upgrade to the miners' version.  Both claims make no sense to me.  Self-interest dictates that users and services should submit to the miners, and pretend nothing serious happened (as they did in 2010 and 2013, when the blockchain had to be rewound by dozens of blocks); because that is the choice that minimizes their loss.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:20:30
New inverstors who buy to hold do not quite understand that they are giving their money to the miners, and that money will never come back to them; so that their only hope of making a return is that one day there will be new investors putting *more* money into the system, so that after paying the miners some of that money will be available to buy their coins too.
Such investors are becoming harder and harder to find.  That is why the price is tanking.  It is hoped that ETFs accessible to common workers with IRAs and remittances to poor countries will provide sufficient new blood to reverse that trend.
@_date: 2015-05-30 02:04:29
The hard limit on the blocksize (now 1 MB) cannot be changed like that.  It requires everybody swiching to a new version of the software, which effectively forks the blockchain, the old branch being hopefully abandoned by everybody; and the change will take effect only after some preset block number in the future.  That is what the "block size war" is about.
@_date: 2015-05-03 19:12:27
That must be a spoof, right?  Those guys surely are not that dumb..
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:46:23
From a programming viewpoint, a dynamic limit is the same as no limit at all.
The purpose of a static limit is to tell every player (miner, node, client) what is the largest block that he must prepared to handle, and tell every miner what is the largest block that he can put out without choking other players.   With an explicit max block size, programmers can use simpler, more efficient, and more reliable data structures (e.g. static monolihic buffers, instead of dynamically allocated and segmented ones).  They can also tell users how much memory they need to have in order to run the software, and guarantee that it will not run out of memory in that case.
A static max block size is also a security measure.  Suppose that 10% of the nodes are known to be running on computers that have only 8 GB of memory and no swap memory.  Then a malicious miner with (say) 1% of the total hashpower could try to mine blocks with 9 GB of bogus transactions.  After about 100 trials he will succeed.  Then those 10% of the nodes will crash, while the other 90% will acept the 9GB block as valid.  From then on, those 10% will be permanently unable to process the blockchain, unless their memory is physically expanded.
Note that the above risk does not exist when there is a hard limit (say, 20 MB) to the block size.  If a rogue miner issues a block larger than the limit, that block will be rejected by all other players, as soon as they receive the first 20 MB, and no player should choke on it.
@_date: 2015-05-20 03:07:36


But there is this thing called "internet" that allows a single stationary "mining" device to generate revenue (bitcoins or dollars, it doesn't matter) that can be spent by its owner or any designated set of devices, no matter where they are, even if there is no direct internet connection between them.  There is no advantage in *physically* attaching the revenue-generating device A to a device B that is meant to perform a totally unrelated function.  Attaching a miner chip to a smartphone makes as much sense as attaching a water filter to a toaster, or a lawn mower to a car.


There is a big difference: those who received the free AOL CD could simply throw it away.  Those who get a device with the "free" embedded 21.co chip will not have the option to throw it away.


More simply: If their plan means that 21.co loses money, it is stupid.  If their plan means that 21.co makes profit but the consumers lose money -- even if it is pennies per month -- it is evil and must be denounced.   A guy who shaves 1 dime from a million victims is no less a scammer than one who swindles 100 thousand dollars from a single victim.
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:26:19


Of course, you only want to criticize my post and call me troll. Obviously you have no intention of understanding it or debating the issue.


That is incorrect.  The word "must" is not restricted to definitional implications, not even logical ones.  It is used in many other senses, e.g. or moral or legal injunctions ("employees must wash their hands before leaving the toilet"), or when it is the practical way to achieve some implicit goal.  ("You must take the train to get there", "You must not smoke while filling your gas tank.")  While "should" may be more appropriate in some of those contexts, "must" can be used as well -- at least in second-tier scholary publications, such as reddit threads.
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:04:28
The HTTP protocol was only an incremental improvement over what was already available with FTP, SMTP, UUCP, NNTP, and other internet protocols.  Having lived through it, I would say that the personal computer was a MUCH bigger revolution than HTTP, or even the internet.  The PC and the Internet are more directly comparable to Gutemberg's, IMHO.
@_date: 2015-05-09 02:34:31
That site doesn't show the Chinese exchanges, only their international sections (e.g. OKCoin.**com** = OKCoinIntl rather than OKCoin.**cn**)
These days, OKCoin.cn has been trading about 80'000 BTC/day, Huobi about 50'000.  So, OKCoin.cn alone has about as much volume as all the exchanges listed on that site together.
But China is totally fake, of course. They probably have only 1/10 of the citizens that they claim to have anyway. And all those "Chinese" products that they sell to the world, do you think they actually make them?? They are actually from Bangladesh or Angola, then relabeled as "Chinese" to dupe their customers.   Bitcoiners should not pay attention to China, I repeat, China is not relevant to bitcoin at all.  
@_date: 2015-05-18 22:44:22


If there is a consensus to rewind the blockchain in order to cancel a transaction (as was done in 2010 to fix the OP_MUL bug), then the same consensus could be used to add an exception table to the protocol, that lists transactions that should be ignored/reversed/overriden.   The effect would be the same, but it would be much less disruptive (no pause, no need to re-validate the intervening blocks and re-process the unaffected transactions, etc.)
But what are the chances of getting a consensus for either thing?
@_date: 2015-05-24 00:55:53
Suppose that there is no block capacity limit.  At first, everybody pays 1 mBTC of fee and every transaction gets a ride in the next block.
Then 20% of the miners agree that, coming next Tuesday, they will start to ignore transactions that do not include at least 10 mBTC of fees.  They may start doing that rigorously from day 1, or ramp up gradually so as not to lose too much during the "attack".  Either way, suppose that eventually 30% of the clients are willing to pay the higher fee, while the rest does not mind the extra wait.  Then those miners will get 20% of that 30% of the traffic that pays  10 mBTC = 0.20 x 0.30 x 10 = 0.60 mBTC for each transaction processed by the network. Whereas before they collected 0.20 x 1 = 0.20 mBTC per transaction.  
Of course, whether the "attack" is profitable depends on how many miners join the "union", and how many clients will be willing to pay the higher fee.  Also, it is a "prisoners dilemma" kind of situation: the miners stand to gain more by cooperating, even though a selfish analysis would make it more profitable for each individual miner to defect the union.
This attack does not work in a free market, because all the clients (including those who could pay the higher price) would immediately switch to the non-cartel miners.  It works only because the clients have no choice.
@_date: 2015-05-28 12:52:41
Block sizes are already variable.  The issue is the *maximum* block size.  There must be some maximum for practical reasons: the miners must know how big a block that they can issue without choking any other player (client, node, or miner); and each player must know how big a block it must be prepared to handle before it enters the game.
@_date: 2015-05-13 11:05:23
If it was 6-7%,it could be the merchant passing his savings to the customers.  But 20% means that (a) the discount is being subsidized, and (b) a discount of 6-7% would not have been enough to induce customers to use bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-05 05:20:02
I see people claiming that all the time.   It is probably the motivation of half the people who invest in bitcoin.   
Actually, for the past months that claim has not been as common as it was a year ago.  Should I post here again that video from May 2014, where the top bitcoin experts predict the price of bitcoin by the end of that year?
There is a thread in some forum that is collecting price predictions for April 1, 2016.  Most of the entries are above 1000 USD.
@_date: 2014-12-01 18:44:41
The argument is not based on volume, but on the fact that the price reacts (quite substantially) to news and events that are relevant to the Chinese short-term speculators, and does not react at all to developments outside China.  (However, the volume of the Chinese exchanges *is* 80-90% of the world total; the fact that they charge zero fees explains it, but does not make it any less legitimate.)
EDIT: Also there were articles in early 2014 about the Chinese speculators and their love of bitcoin.  Not in the bitcoin media, though:
[Why the Chinese can't get enough of Bitcoin](
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:17:23


That would defeat the very goal of licensing money businesses in general.  If the business can offer new services without DFS permission, why should it need permission to offer the first one?
@_date: 2015-05-15 12:31:06


Undoubtedly, and also a good investment -- in metaphorical sense.  I meant in the concrete sense of those words, which bitcoin is being sold as (literally).
The open source movement had its fanatical evangelists too, but they never advised people to sell their cars and eat dog food in order to buy as many Linux licenses as they could...
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:19:08
Many traders keep doing that all day long, buying when the price drops a little, selling when it goes up a little, hoping to make substantial profits from many small profits.  They are commonly called "day traders", although there is another term (forgot which) for those who make many traders per day.
A variant of day-traders are arbitragers, who do the same across space rather than time. Namely buy on one exchange where the price is slightly lower, and sell where it is slightly higher.
Nowadays such trading is done mainly by "robots" -- actually programs that run on the trader's computer, whatching the price and issuing buy and sell orders automatically by some arbitrary logic.  The really fast ones (several buys per minute, or even per second) are called "high frequency traders" (HFT).
You can see some robots in action at Huobi and OKCoin: whenever a largish trade opens up the gap between buy and sell orders, the space is imediately filled with dozens of small orders.  I don't quite know what is the purose of that, but it is too fast to be human action.
If there are trading fees, day traders must wait until the price difference is large enough to pay the fee and still leave some profit.  That is part of the reason why the Chinese exchanges, that have no trading fees, have such large volume: humans and robots can exploit much smaller price differences, and do many more traders per day.
Although some day traders can make substantial profits, it is basically a zero-sum game, so one trader's profit can only come from other traders' losses. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:32:15


Well, that's only the day-traders' view of economics...
@_date: 2015-05-22 09:01:22


No, it is not.  Speculators buy only for the expectation that they can sell for a higher price some time later, even of that expected future price is defined by speculation too.  Sensible investors buy when the expected dividends and capital assets justify the price.
Sensible investors do not buy while the price is inflated by speculation.  Today, that is the definitely case of gold, and of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:34:59


Sure; and the Earth is flat, because it it were round then people in China would have to walk upside down, and that would be extremely uncomfortable.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:12:40


This would negate the reason for bitcoin to exist, of course.  But bitcoin may survive for a while, because most bitcoiners want it for other reasons:  gambling in the exchanges, buying drugs, long-term get-rich investment, "blockchain applications", etc.
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:33:14
So where is the contradiction with what I wrote?
@_date: 2015-05-03 14:47:35
PS. Exchanges of one currency for another should not be counted as commercial transactions either (just as "breaking" one 100$ bill into 10s).  Thus all deposits and withdrawals to bitcoin-fiat exchanges should be excluded as well, and all off-chain trades inside the exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-04 13:29:15
Right.  However, raising the fees before that happens could perhaps show whether the block sze limit is indeed an urgent problem.  It may well be that charging 0.1% + 0.00001 BTC will cut the traffic by 90%, in which case...
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:05:24


Why? It may be unprofitable to mine for the classical bitcoin, but if the new clone has the right combination of price and difficulty...
@_date: 2015-05-11 07:42:29
Be realistic: a company that handles its finances in bitcoin does not know the meaning of "accounting" and "financial planning".  Like the Bitcoin Foundation and many other companies started by earnest but unexperienced bitcoiners, it can easily find itself bankrupt after a few months because of BTC price volatility.  
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:02:02
The real problem is that the price of bitcoin is 100x what it ought to be, based on the volume of e-payments that it is being used for. 
Bitpay, believed to be the largest bitcoinpayment processor, handled about 160 million dollars of payments in 2014.  Assuming the total volume of bitcoin e-payments is ~10x as much, it would be about 5 million USD/day. If there was no speculative holding, and 14 million existing BTC were being used only as a currency, with 14 days of average retention (time between two successive payments with the same coin), then the price P would be (5 M $/day)x(14 days)/(14 M BTC) = 5 USD/BTC. 
If that was the price, then block rewards would provide only 18'000 USD/day for all the miners.  On the other hand, if the transaction fees were set to 0.5% of the amount transferred, applied to those 5 M USD/day of e-payments they would provide 25 000 USD/day to the miners.  Then several problems would be solved: mining would no longer be industrialized, hence not centralized; it would no longer waste as much electricity as a small country; miners would have a strong incentive to include as many transactions as possible in their blocks; and blockchain traffic would not be 90% spam and other non-payment junk.  And there would be no need to find new investors willing to donate a million dollars every day to the Bitcoin Project, just to keep the network running,,,
So, all we need to do is to reduce the price to 5 USD/BTC, and make hoarding unattractive. 
This solution may not be very popular, unfortunately, and is unlikely to be implemented by the devs.  So we can only hope that bitcoin will find it by itself... ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:32:55


Trade volume in Chinese exchanges only measures how much trade volume is happening in the Chinese exchanges.  It does not tell anything about how many Chinese day-traders are still trading. It does not tell anything about how many coins the Chinese traders have on the exchanges.  It does not tell anything about how many coins are held by Chinese in general.  Is this so hard to understand? 


So, what you dispute is the assumption that the Chinese demand was responsible for the rise from 120 ro 1200?  Evidence for that includes reports like [**this one**]( and [**comparison of prices between the exchanges**]( showing the during that rally the price in China was comparalively higher than in the West -- meaning that they were leading the rally, and the West was struggling to follow.
Of course you will not read about Chinese control of price in CoinDesk, CoinTelegraph, and the like.  Those "news" sites do not get their bread and butter from traders or investors, but from startups and funds -- who would rather not tell potential bitcoin investors that the value of the asset they are investing in is defined by an army of amateur garlic traders in China.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:24:04
Encrypted data transmission, public-key signatures, HTTPS, Encrypted storage devices, smartcards, password authentication and storage, HDMI, ...
@_date: 2014-11-19 10:26:14
PS. By the way, the Cato guy did not say "double spending attack", did he? His concern was that a majority cartel would turn bitcoin into a centrally controlled system, with the same consequences as the international banking cartel.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:30:38
Because the PC may have malware in it that can leak the key through covert channels (in the signed transaction, or in the USB drive that is used to transfer it to the live PC), or substitute the thief's address for the merchant's, or generate weak keys that look random but are known to the thief, or ...
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:27:22
But bitcoin is not the whole internet; it is a project that interests only some  500'000 nerds, radicals, drug users, and would-be-millionaries, and provides no essential service to anyone of importance.  It must be a small fraction of the users that Napster had when it was shut down.
@_date: 2015-05-05 17:29:51


That is not the halving does; it only reduces the reward to 12.5 BTC per block.  If all the miners keep minining, the block rate will not change and therefore the difficulty will not change. 
At the last halving there was no noticeable change in the block rate, presumably because the price had just shoot up 10x, so most miners were doing more than 100% profit over recurring expenses, so the sudden loss of half of their revenue still left them profitable.   It will not be the case this time, unless the price more than doubles shortly before the halving.
@_date: 2015-05-25 09:18:36


Yes, that is what I meant by "Its price is mostly speculative".  Right now it is just past a bubble, still ~1200 $/oz coming down from ~1800 $/oz.  Who knows what it will do next.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:59:45


... for a sufficiently bizarre definition of "store of value" ...
@_date: 2015-05-25 06:47:46
I know about nuclear transmutation, thank you.  As I wrote, "making gold will be terribly difficut."  I should have written "is", or added "in large quantities".
@_date: 2015-05-09 13:11:38
Good idea.  Just don't call it by its proper name. The community has an ingrained dislike of "inflation tax".
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:06:39


Bitcon (like gold) is *very* different from stocks.  
When you buy shares of a company for long-term investment, you are lending it money to build factories or whatever that will make products or services that people will buy.  The company creates actual wealth (goods and services) and your profit ultimately is your slice of this created wealth.  (That is directly the case when you buy at the IPO; when you buy from another investor, at the share's fair value, you are just taking its place in that same role.)
When you buy bitcoin (or gold), your money will ultimately be pocketd by an earlier investor, so that he gets back his investment with profit or loss; or to a miner.  Either way, your money will leave the bitcoin system and will probably never come back.  While you hold your bitcoins, they will do nothing useful and will not create any wealth, not even the utility of reducting the cost of e-commerce.  The only way you will get your money back is finding someone who, buys your bitcoins with the expectation of reselling them, like you did.
Bitcoin is not a zero-sum game, indeed: it is an extremely negative-sum game, because only part of the money that investors put into it will be recovered by resale.  Curently, almost 1 million dollars per day of new investors' oney goes to the miners.  It is quite possible that the total money that was investe into bitcoins is now is less than its market cap.  (This is true of BIT/GBTC shares, by the way: investors have put into them at least 68 M$, and they are now worth less than 40 M$ total, at the equivalent BTC market price.)
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:05:47
Unfortunately investors have no way of punishing the miners for bad behavior except by committing suicide (i.e. dumping all their coins so that their price will crash).
That does not make sense for them.  Instead, investors will probably scream and cry and curse, and swear that they will dump for sure; but if the bad behavior means only a small loss for them, in the end they will put up with it and remain invested.  That is what happens every time in similar situations.
And, even if the investors dump everything, the coins will be bought by people who don't care about the bad behavior.  If there are enough of these people, the price may not drop much; then the investors will still lose, but the miners may even win.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 03:35:17


The mining industry gets paid 3600 BTC every day for their service to the bitcoin "system", which are worth ~850'000 dollars at the current price.  (It was 1 M $/day not long ago, and 3.6 M $/day in late November 2013.) Some of that money is spent by the miners on equipment, salaries, rent, electricty; the remainder, if any, is profit for the miners (whether they cash it imemdiately, or some time later).  That money comes from the new investors who are buying bitcoins to hold. It will never go back to those investors. For them to get their money back, they will have to sell those coins to other future investors -- who will also have to buy the coins that will be mined daily at that future time.
Is this description incorrect?
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:26:17
Funny, I see the bitcoiners always moving the goalposts.  International p2p currency, currency for illegal markets, fabulous investment, backing for other value tokens, remittances, banking for the unbanked, document signing, secure ledger, internet of things...
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:54:22


My router only needs to tell any router that wants some bandwidth to send the payment to *my* wallet (or bank account, whatever).  The other router, in turn, only needs to have a signing key that can send payments from *its owner's* wallet or bank account (or from some earmarked sub-account with withdrawal limits, for safety).  Neither device needs to have its own wallet/account, much less to mine its own bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:07:00
This is supposed to be the traffic in BitPay's input wallet: 
The hours are UTC (Greenwich, UK) time zone.  You may add the green numbers for 2014-11-28 to get an idea of how much they processed on Bloack Friday.
Note however that the site uses an heuristic method to guess which addresses belong to the same wallet.  It may be that BiTpay has other addresses that are not shown in those "BitPay.com" pages.
@_date: 2014-11-23 06:13:24
There was also a second world once, but it fell into a black hole or something, many years ago.  No one sends money there anymore.
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:06:18
Sorry, but I stand by what I wrote.   It is totally disingenuous to compare bitcoin to equity in solid companies.
The price of stocks like TSLA and AMZN is largely determined by their expected dividends and capital assets, so if all the existing stock were offered for sale it would find buyers not much below their current market value.  For example, if a share of FUBR is expected to yield 10$ in dividends over the next year, investors will gladly pay 100$ for it,  no matter how many are on sale, because it will give 10% return on investment just on its first year.  If a company owns a oil rig valued at 100 M$, and has 1 M shares, people will easily pay 80$ or more per share, no matter how many shares are available for sale.
Whereas the price of bitcoin is entirely determined by the fuzzy expectation that  it will somehow have another 1000% bubble in the future; and those who believe in that miracle are few and without money to spare. So, if the old-timers started selling their hoards, they would not find buyers, and the price would crash. 
There are 13 million BTC at present.  Assume that there is no demand for speculation, that is, all those coins are available on the exchanges for people who choose to pay for stuff or services with bitcoin.  The current volume of such payments is estimated to be worth less than 5 million dollars per day; mostly through BitPay, Coinbase, and the like.  When a coin is used for such payments, it is bought by the customers, then given to BitPay (say), where it stays out of circulation for a while, and eventually it is sold again on the exchanges to another customer.  Suppose each coin stays out of circulation for 7 days, on average, before being sold again.  Then, that activity will need an amount of bitcoins worth 7 x 5 M$ = 35 M$.  In that case, the market price of each BTC will be about 35 M$ / 13 M BTC, or about 3 $/BTC.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:16:10
Suppose that the cartel decides to process only transactions that include a 2% fee.  What would the honest miners do?
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:14:47
Mukashi, mukashi, aru tokoro-ni, there lived a King who was vain and fond of expensive clothing.  One day a tailor came to him from a faraway land, and proposed to make him clothes of a very rare, very beautiful, and very expensive cloth, that would not only make him the envy of all monarchs of the world, but also protect him from the sorcery and evil eyes of his rivals.   'The cloth is so magical,' the stranger said, 'that it can only be seen by those who are intelligent and pure of heart.' and pretended to show him a sample.
The King could not see the fabulous cloth, but did not want to admit that he was a retard or a crook, so he pretended to see it, and paid the stranger 21 million silver florins for a full costume and cape.  
When the clothes were ready, he put them on and went to the court room.  His courtiers could not see any costume, but like the King they pretended to be awed by its beauty and opulence, for the same reasons.  The King then marched out of the castle in full parade; and his subjects reacted just like the courtiers.
But then a small but smart child, so innocent that she did not even understand what 'pure of heart' meant,  pointed to the King and asked loud, 'Mama, why is the King naked'?  
Some people in the crowd were confused about how to react, but then the most loyal of the courtiers laughed at he kid, others called her retarded,  while others screamed 'A troll! A troll!', and downvoted her out of the street.
@_date: 2014-12-25 04:12:34
You don't want to mention bitcoin in Cyprus...
@_date: 2015-05-22 00:14:52
Certainly not idiots.  But maybe desperate entrepreneeurs who in Nov/2013 ordered 10 million mining chips from Intel, now totally unprofitable, and/or who kept all the BTC that they mined as BTC, and thus lost 75% of their capital.
@_date: 2015-05-10 04:30:38
You mean, like, if Coca-Cola wanted to use real panda skulls instead of aluminum cans, and demanded at least 500 million skulls a day?  I guess it would be challenging, indeed.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:00:00
Thank *you*; I found your logic fascinating.
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:19:27
Right, and what did I wrote?  The mining industry is entirely suported by the new investors, ie. those people who buy bitcoins to hold; who seem generally unaware that the money that they are putting into the system is going to the miners and early adopters, and will not come back to them.
And why is gold relevant to this discussion?  Gold is no longer a good currency, a good store or value, or a good investment.  
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:38:05
I uderstand that network delay was  the justification for the 10 minute period, but could it have been an overly conservative guess?  
It may be that waiting for (say) 5 confirmations at 2 minutes per block is safer than waiting for 2 confirmations at 10 minutes per block.  In that case, faster blocks would still be a win.
@_date: 2015-05-23 02:56:37


Well, I haven't seen one and I cannot think one myself.  
For one thing, some layer 2 protocols like sidechains or whatever will probably remove traffic from the blockchain.  That would force fees to be raised, which will drive even more traffic off the blockchain...
Has there been any tentative projection of what coud be the state of the system -- BTC price, blockchain transaction volume (with distribution of transactions by amount), hashrate and energy efficiency, and transaction fee formula -- year by year, for the next 20 years (say)? 
One obstacle I see on that path is that the current "radically free market" system for setting fees cannot possibly work once the fes become sigificant.   Imagine a bus company that lets the drivers decide, at each bus stop, which passenger to let in, and how much to charge them...
@_date: 2015-05-02 22:31:37
The justification for Metcalfe's law is pretty shaky anyway.
As for bitcoin, basically, there are two quantities that, until Nov/2013, were growing more or less exponentially, with peaks at the same places: the price P and the number N of transactions per day.  In that situation, some power of one variable, times some constant factor, will match the other variable.  (In log scale, exponential functions become straight lines, raising to a power changes the slope of the line, and multilying by a constant shifts the line up or down.)    In the case of bitcoin, it happened that c x N^2 matched P.
Since Nov/2013, however, P has been falling while N kept increasing, and the relationship was broken.  That is because N never was real use of bitcoin for payments, but all sot of "spam"  like tumbling, gambling, etc.
@_date: 2015-05-21 02:37:49
Argentinians and Venezuelans who want to escape ther currency's devaluation will use dollars; not bitcoin, that is even worse.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:20:04
Don't expect too much.  
The last halving was on 2012-11-28. The price did not move on that date, and in fact remained practically constant for the next five weeks.
On 2013-01-05 a bubble started, that peaked around Apr/2013.  However, other similar bubbles occurred before that one, and comparison of prices among exchanges indicate that it was led by BTC-China in Shanghai and Bitfinex in Hong Kong.  There is no reason to believe that it was a consequence of the halving.
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:35:41


But that I where I disagree.  Some languages *are* more prone to bugs than others.
I program a lot in C and in gawk.  I use the latter because it is more convenient, due to its native handling of associative arrays and regular expressions.  I know both languages equally well, and rarely need to check the manuals.  Yet I definitely get more bugs in gawk than in C, and those bugs take longer to debug.  Moreover, it is much easier to make the C programs "idiot proof" (by completely validating the inputs) than to do the same for gawk programs; simply because a gawk variable can take any value, whereas a C variable can only take a well-defined set of values.   
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:29:57


Why is the above "anti-bitcoin shilling"?  What I write will have no influence on the events.  It is just my opinion about the reaction of the bitcoin companies.


Creating a special BitLicense surely was not his idea, was it?  
As for being sick, I am sick of early adopters and bitcoin entrepreneus looking at pensioners and third world poor as the next potential contingent of suckers who will donate a couple million dollars every day to the miners in order to lift the price, so that those bitcoiners can sell or spend at a profit.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:47:14
Each miner can choose how many transactions to include in his blocks, and which ones.
@_date: 2015-05-24 09:30:28
Some basic questions:
1. What is the hashing power of the 21.co chip?
2. What is its power consumption?
3. How many of those chips do they have in stock?
4. How much did they pay for them?
Are the answers known already?
@_date: 2015-05-17 17:33:17
Do you know that they are not?  If they pull a SheepMarketplace or Evolution stunt, what would the victims do?
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:23:06


The point is that, if you "adopt bitcoin", you may have to deal with and trust your money to some people who are just as corrupt as the bankers, or worse.  Like Mark Karpeles, Ukyo, Danny Brewster, ...  


Most people will view that as an advantage of BRL... ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-03 11:12:14
Only the fees taken by the casino should be counted as payments, for the service of playing.
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:44:39
OK, thanks.  Is there a name for a hard fork that also includes an incompatible change to transaction requests?
@_date: 2015-05-28 13:22:22


Correct, of course the next adjustment would take longer.  However, why the 7 weeks? With 10 minutes per block, 2016 blocks is about 2 weeks.  With 100 minutes per block, it should be 20 weeks, no?  


That would be bad.  However, everybody should be able to estimate the amount of hashpower in each chain with only a couple of blocks of delay.  If most miners stay on the v0.10 chain after the fork block, those who switched can quickly switch back.
A massive return to the v0.10 chain after a longer period of v0.11 dominance would happen only if the v0.11 was found to have a fatal bug, and a rewind to the fork block was thought to be better than waiting for v0.12.  That would have bad consequences of course (like any bug rewind).  If that happens, it seems very unlikely that the network will switch back to v0.11 again.
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:17:29


If you make it compatible with the ASIC mining rigs that bitcoin uses, you only need to convince enough miners to mine your chain instead of the Satoshi20090103 chain.
To simplify the math, let's say that your blockchain has the same block rate target as the old Bitcoin (6 blocks per hour) and the same block reward (25 coins).  The miners will surely switch if the market price of your coin is more than 240 USD.  Perhaps, if you do a very good marketing campaign, there will be enough ~~fools~~ visionaries that will buy the new coins for 300 USD each.  
Alternatively, you could promise them that you will pay 7500 USD for the reward coins of each block that a miner solves on your blockchain.  It will cost you ~1.1 million dollars per day; if you can get 200 million USD of VC funding, you can keep doing that for six months.
Either way, once you have attracted enough miners to your blockchain, you can rightfully claim that it is better than the Satoshi20090103 one, because it is more secure.  Then hopefully the price will be self-sustaining, and you can stop pumping it up with your own money.
Good luck. ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:02:18
Is monitoring the blockchain and dealing with bitcoin payments really easier than setting up such a site?
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:20:21


But isn't he saying that it is "very strange" because that copy is not something that he would accept?  That v7 must be what Ver sent him on May 13 or earlier, no?
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:23:35
Occasionally, an empty block gets mined, even though the queues are not empty.  It is thought that some miners do that on purpose, because smaller blocks give them a slight edge in the race against other miners.
@_date: 2014-12-23 15:17:04
Why do you think that it was *not* just an experiment?
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:08:55
Can one "burn" bitcoins by issing a zero-output transaction (that consumes the entire input amount as fees), as opposed to sending to a black hole address?
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:26:51
Well, I know many professors... They may write their own code when they are developing new algorithms, but not when using existing algorithms in a critical application for others to use.
Satoshi certainly is not an everyday programmer. He must have an academic/research background, otherwise he would not have written a paper before implementing the protocol.  That is not the way everyday programmers think. 8-D
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:47:09
If the software is correct, the chance is zero for all practical purposes.
If the software is buggy, the chance is substantial.  
Empirically, it is at least 1 in 100 million.  (Assuming that there have been at most 100 million blockchain addresses generated and used.  There was at least one instance of a private key collision when Blockchain.Info uploaded buggy javascript with a broken random number generator.)
@_date: 2015-05-14 02:54:25
I don see why this would be better than a single auction with no minimal price.  Why would someone buy raw BTC for 2x the market price?  Buying 44'000 BTC on the exchanges, spaced out over a month, would hardly raise the price that much.
If the USMS did as you propose, quite likely there would be no bidders on the first round, so it would be wasted work for the USMS.  If there was a bidder willing to bid at 2x market in Round 1, he could also make that bid in a free auction and win anyway. 
The USMS is not particularly interested in maximizing the revenue, nor helping bitcoin investors.  The goal of those auctions,in general, is to convert random seized property, that the government cannot use, into dollars, that the government can use forthe benefit of the people etc.  The primary concern of the staff workers who set up the auctions is to follow all the rules and not make any stupid mistake that could give them negative points on their resume.  Breaking up the auction must be understood that way.  If they had auctioned all 174'000 BTC at once, and the price crashed at the news, or they did not get enough bidders, or they were forced to sell way below market -- that would have been a stupid mistake.
Finally, the USMS has its established bureaucratic routine and rules for doing auctions, including standard templates for announcements, bid forms, etc..  The routine can be modified to accomodate special features of the item, such as the way of delivering bitcoins; but having a two-round auction, with a high minimum price in the first round, would be going a long way off the beaten path.  Again, it is very unlikely that they would do that just to help itcoin investors.
@_date: 2015-05-21 21:42:57
If there was a significant minimum transaction fee (say, 0.0005 BTC plus 0.2%), non-commercial transactions (spam, tumbling, wallet shuffling, etc.) would largely disappear, and the number of transactions would probably drop by 80% or more.  That would postpone the problem, and also begin to prepare users to the post-reward regime where miners are supported by fees.
@_date: 2015-05-25 09:08:06
Apart from the risk of voter coercion and reprisals, I believe that asking for citizen's input on every issue is not feasible.  This frequent voting cannot be mandatory, so in the end only a small fraction of the citizens will vote on each issue. Then a small number of activists could swing an election against the will of the vast majority.
I am strongly in favor of increasing the "bandwidth" of the control channel from citizens to government.  For instance I would have elections for chief judges, district attorneys,  sheriffs (which here in Brazil are all appointed by government or peers), but also for the heads of regulatory agencies like FDA, FCC, NRC, etc.  And of course make referendums a standard feature of every election, as in Switzerland, with power to override laws passed by Congress.
However, I think one must be very prudent and not try  to change everything at once, and must ensure that the election is an accurate measurement of public opinion.  So I would rather have 1 general election per quarter, but mandatory.
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:59:05
I understand that there is a 1 MB "hard max size" (the max block size that any miner *may generate, and the size everybody should be prepared to accept) and a separate "soft max size" parameter, that each miner chooses when he compiles his copy of the software, and defines the max block that he will generate.  The latter is set to 750 kB by default in the published source code, and apparently many miners leave it like that,
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:24:43
In 2013 the Chinese amateur commodity daytraders (a local specialty) discovered bitcoin and went crazy about it.  They must have imported a million BTC or more from the West in that year. (MtGOX's "lost" coins, I believe, were among them.)  It was that demand from China that created the November 2013 bubble, and probably also the April 2013 one.
Guessing a mean price of 500 USD, that influx of bitcoins meant that, by the end of 2013, the Chinese buyers were preparing to hand out half a billion dollars of Chinese currency to the foreign sellers of those"worthless nothings" -- that they had imported without government license and without paying customs taxes.  The PBoC must have been quite unhappy at learning of that unexpected sinkhole opening under their economy and money supply; so its decrees and bank account closures in December 2013 are not surprising. 
After the PBoC intervention, bitcoin in China was reduced to a gambling game, confined to the exchanges; to mining bitcoins; and to making mining chips and rigs.  Unlike trading and investing, these were net exporting activities, that contributed positively to China's trade balance.  Again, it is not surprisig that there has been no government interference in these industries.
The Chinese day-traders seem to have been losing their love of bitcoin gradually but steadily since January 2014.  They must be selling their bitcoins to arbitragers in the Chinese exchanges, who move the coins to the West and sell them there.  Thus, the flow of money mentioned above has now partially reversed, returning by this route some part of that money.
As for mining, it seems that more than half of the hashpower is now in China.  Therefore,  about 500'000 USD per day, or about 180 million USD per year, are now moving from the West to China by that route (in addition to the money of the sale of the 2013 bitcoins).  On the other hand, mining is consuming a lot of electricity; but possibly there is a surplus of that in China at the moment. 
Moreover, the Chinese also export mining equipment to the west; I don't know of any statistics, but the total so far must be in the hundreds of millions, too.
In conclusion: even though the Chinese government is quite unfriendly to bitcoin as a currency or investment, bitcoin is now making China richer, at the expense of the West.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:47:49


Because that is not how engineering should be done.  (The nuclear industry did that with the spent fuel problem.  Now look at Fukushima unit 


I have tried to devise a "business plan" as above and I could not find a viable one.  Once the fees are increased, the volume will surely shrink dramatically, which means that the fees must be increased even more, and so on; until bitcoin becomes totally uncompetitive.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:08:37
I sometimes waste hundreds of dollars buying on impulse things that I don't need, or for being too lazy to search for alternatives.  Still, I would be very upset (to put it mildly) if someone tried to pick a dime out of my pocket.
This charger consumes 10W, charges your phone in 1 hour, and has an internet conenction.
This one consumes 15W, charges your phone in 1 hour, has an internet conection, and donates 5W to some bitcoin company.
But, well, maybe you are right: "there is a sucker born every minute"...
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:31:54


If that warning was sufficient, then the DFS could say the same thing also before a new company starts operating, and do away with licensing altogether.
The same reasons (valid or invalid, not the point now) that justify the requirement of DFS evaluation and authorization before a new company starts operating also justify the requirement of the same evaluation and authorization for any new service offered by a company that is already operating, or any change in the terms and mechanisms of said service.  Surely you can see what would happen if there was no such requirement.
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:58:52
I don't understand why OKCoin should see it as a risk, given that they are a Chinese company. Perhaps for their Singapore branch?  
Anyway, Ripple had to fork a heavy fine for having paid money to Ver, "a convicted felon" etc., without filing an AML report.  OKCoin had already paid him for a while, probably without filing AML reports too.  If OKCoin was an US company, they surely would be fined just as Ripple was.  Doing so after knowing of the Ripple incident would only make the problem worse.
@_date: 2017-02-17 12:41:10


There is already a minimum fee, and a simple majority of the miners can enforce it even for a minority that might want to accept transactions below it.  If $0.10 or $0.50 is a reasonable fee, then let that be the mandatory minimum fee, and remove the block size limit.  That would be a more sensible way to both limit dust transactions and increase the miners' revenue: it would be predictable, it would provide 10-minute confirmation for any transaction that paid the minimum fee, and would not limit growth.


[This plot]( shows that they can't.
100 sat/byte would have been enough to get prompt confirmation during  Wednesday's backlog.  But you needed at lest 140 for last Monday's, 160 in the first half of Thursday's, but only 80 for the last half.


As you said yourself, and you can see iin the plot, backlogs are not due to low-fee transactions, because those will not be generated.  They consist of high-fee transactions, and are due to random surges in demand that push the transaction arrival rate above the capacity of 1 MB every 10 minutes.  
If 1.2 MB of transactions arrive every 10 minutes, at least 20% of them will be delayed, **no matter what fees they all pay**.  Either 20% will wait until the backlog clears, which may be hours or days; or twice as many will wait roughly half as much, etc.  Indeed, *the average delay for all transactions issued during a backlog will be the same, no matter what fees they pay.*


You can see that they are not small, and that there cannot be a fee estimation algorithm.  And this situation has been going on for one year already, so there is no need to predict: this how what the "fee market" actually works.


The "stress tests" that started on July 2015 were such attacks.  But since early 2016 the backlogs were a predicted consequence of the incoming demand getting close to the capacity.
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:50:34
I could not possibly fail to disagree with you less.  Or more, whatever.
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:42:06
This has been posted a little while ago.  The title is misleading it seems.  The objections are by the director of the Digital Currency project, and he does not claim to speak even for the project, much less for MIT.
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:00:07
Do they promise to hold the 0.005 BTC corresponding to the issued notes?  Or do they promise only to deliver those bitcoins at redemption time?  (The former would make their notes more like BIT shares.  The latter may give them fantastic profits if the price drops between emission and redemption, and fantastic losses if it rises.)
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:20:10


Longs can overflow too if you are doing anything more complicated than add/subtract.  Did you check the details of the 2010 OP_MUL overflow bug?


You do not want to depend on that either.


Almost every day, for the last 46 years...
@_date: 2015-05-12 00:35:44
It was asked here yesterday.  The transaction data does not not compress well with standard compression algorithms, and I doubt that there is some clever trick that would enable a better special-purpose compression.  One may perhaps get 50% to 100% more transactions per block this way, but almost certainly not 1000% more (10x).
@_date: 2015-05-21 02:39:25
Bitcoin was not designed for saving, but for spending.  Being turned into a "fabulous investment" was the worst thing that happened to it.
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:35:13


No: cars that people sell to buy BTC, hard labor whose pay they spend in BTC rather than than on a TV.  That is real wealth that people are giving to the miners in exchange of BTC.


If the company's business plan was to make money out of the gullibility of bitcoiners, it would be worth a lot.  (That is why those VC investors pour millions into mining companies, bitcoin exchanges, bitcoin funds, etc...)
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:43:09
Well, it does not make sense to me.  It seems better to leave the mining equipment at home, mining into my wallet, and pay from that wallet with my smartphone.
The internet allows computing and storage functions to be located independently, anywhere it is more convenient.  Physically attaching the miner chips to other devices that do unrealted functions seems to be a step backward.
@_date: 2015-05-25 06:43:02


I suppose that is what the "Austrian school" says.  Mainstream economists say that a good currency must have some devaluation so that it is *not* used as longterm store of value.  I did not think so before I started following bitcoin, but now I think they are right.  Something that tries to be both a currency and a safe investment will fail in both roles.


The equation yields the value of a currency *if there is no speculative holding*.  It is not even economics, just basic alegbra.
Gold is not a significant currency any more, so the equation yields a price close to zero.  In recent centuries, gold was not a good currency because it was *too* scarce, which led to hoarding (although it *was* continuously created, and will continue to be for the indefinte future).
Right now, gold is also a bad investment because, like bitcoin, it does not generate new wealth.  Its price is mostly speculative, and therefore not pegged to anything; it may still rise, but it may also crash at any moment.  
Bitcoin's price has a "floor" value due to its use as a currency (10 $/BTC, by optimistic estimates and the currency value equation).  Gold's floor price does not depend on its use as a currency, but on its decoratie and industrial uses; what that price is exactly, I do not know.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:45:04
AFAIK Gavin Andresen is no longer at the BF; he is now employed by a Digital Currency Initiative, a project of the MIT Media Lab.  Or is he just being paid by that project and still an BF employee? 
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:07:13
Makes sense...  I guess we will have to wait and see...
@_date: 2015-05-11 08:03:48


They could also keep the customer's daughter hostage until the transaction is confirmed.  
Seriously, if bitcoin is to compete with credit/debit cards and ApplePay, it must be better than them.  It will not win if it requires customers and merchants to put up with its disadvantages for the sake of ideology.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:09:06
Large miners who do not want to be "king of mining" will  only leave the way open for those who do.  (That is what happens in all markets...) 
A "king of mining" will surely be careful to split his power into several companies, to avoid public reactions like that against GHash.io. (Which surely did just that.)
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:25:59


@_date: 2017-02-20 08:58:57
You are the liar here.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:18:41
Satoshi put in a limit that was more than 100 time the actual block size at the time, and described very clearly how to raise it.  He said many times that there would be no need to change the protocol  for "scaling", even if traffic grew to Visa size, because computer power would always grow faster than the traffic.  Why would he write that if he had inteded the 1 MB limit to stay forever?  
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:46:55
The suggestion is about the meaning of the bands (variable with time, instead of fixed BTC amounts), not the scale of the plot.  The scale is OK as it is.
@_date: 2015-05-03 18:01:49
I would like to see an actual quote of someone from Goldman Sachs saying that they believe that **bitcoin** has a future.  The two quotes that I saw (on a Coindesk or CoinTelegraph article)  say basically "bitcoin will die but perhaps we can make a nice xylophone out of its bones".  
The news in that press release are that Circle will now keep client holdings in USD, and will start doing fiat-to-fiat payment processing services, in addition to fiat-to-bitcoin and bitcoin-to-fiat.  The fiat-to-fiat market is obviously MUCH bigger than the other two, and that would explain why GS and IDG put 100 M$ into Circle.  (Consider that BitPay's bitcoin-to-fiat service processed only ~160 M$ of payments in 2014, so it may have generated only 2-3 M$ of revenue in that year, at most.) 
@_date: 2015-05-23 14:50:27


Only in the sense that the sidechain "holds" some bitcoins; otherwise it is free to manage value as it sees fit, right?
Consider BIT (GBTC):  the fund holds some bitcoins, it issues shares representing 0.1 BTC each, but these shares are currently valued by traders at ~30% premium over the underlying bitcoins.  Can't a sidechain do something similar?
@_date: 2015-05-25 05:16:21


Not arguing about the ideas, but methinks that the word "fungibility" is not appropriate here.
Fungibility is an intrinsic property of the currency itself; it simply means that all units of the currency have the same value, i.e. that there are no differences of grades, kinds, origins, etc. that affect its value.  That is true of gold and dollars, for example, but not of oil or beaver pelts.
The blacklisting that is being discussed in the OP is not an intrinsic property of the bitcoins, but of how they were obtained by the current possessor.  "Clean" bitcoins become "dirty" if they are obtained illegally -- e.g., stolen, or as payment for illegal things.  If some "dirty" bitcoins are exchanged for other bitcoins by a party that is unaware of their status,  the original coins become clean, and the "dirt" passes to the new ones.  On the other hand, if the exchanger is aware of their "dirty" status, the old coins remain "dirty", and the new ones become "dirty" too.  If "dirty" coins get seized by the police, or are somehow returned to the legitimate owner, then they become "clean" again.
So, the blacklisting of coins cannot be done totally automatically, because it depends on the external circumstances of each transaction that are not recorded in the blockchain.  All that can be done automatically is propagate a "suspected dirty" tag; but that tracking cannot detect coin swaps, in which case the tag will follow the wrong path and miss the important one.  For that reason, coins that are "suspected dirty" should be blocked from use only after identifying their current possessor and finding out how he got them.
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:20:42
OK, but then the bitcoins need not (must not) be "owned" by specific devices.  Instead they should be pooled in the owner's wallet.
But then, why should the mining chips be embedded in other devices, instead of being packaged all together in a mining rig?  Surely the latter is more efficient and easier to manage, in all aspects...
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:04:39
To Decentral.TV:  Could you improve the audio quality?  The canned introduction is too loud and "raspy",  the VoIP connection is bad... If you want more people to visit your site, you invest some thought and work into making their visits more pleasant.
@_date: 2015-05-13 11:48:56
OK, thanks.  How huge is "huge"?   Will the supply run out someday?
Why didn't people think of that before, but using PayPal instead of bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-05-05 10:56:06
Can I have a word with your mom, please?
@_date: 2015-05-28 13:49:56




You must agree that bitcoin's distributed ledger is *extremely* complicated and expensive compared to a centralized solution that validated, processed, and recorded the same transactions.


A majority cartel of miners could starve all other miners and take 100% of the rewards to themselves.  Then, in order to overcome the cartel, other miners would have to buy enough additional hashpower to become a majority.  But the cartel could buy more hashpower too, and keep it idle, ready to be turned on if a challenger pops up.  Then the challenger would be starved too.
It seems very unlikely that someone would invest much money in the risky attempt to break a cartel.




If an "inflation fee" would not prevent hoarding, then that flaw is even worse than I am assuming it to be.  
Most people who have bought large quantities of bitcoin apparently did so for the expectation of large financial returns.  If there was an inflation tax, anyone wishing to use bitcoin for e-payment would not buy a large hoard months in advance, because he would be losing money.


I don't understand. Company A spends 10 million USD building a concentrated mining facility with the most cost-effective chips it can get, in a place where electricity is very cheap.  Company B spends the same amount on chips that have much lower hashrate per chip, but are suitable to embed in household devices, and keeps 75% of what they mine.  Which company will make the most revenue?  I would bet on A...
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:09:26


The main problem of the impoverished ones is lack of money.  Using a different currency will not change that.
Telling the poor to invest their scant money into bitcoin will only make their life worse. Every day, the bitcoin system takes 800'000 USD from new investors and gives that money to the miners. It also takes an unknown amount of money from the same investors and gives it to early adopters who are cashing out.  The motivation for those who hope to bring the poor into the system is to get that money from them, since it is becoming increasingly hard to find new investors in the developed world.
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:04:24
It is "approximately" because of various fees that will be charged if/when the shares are redeemed at Greyscale for actual bitcoins.  So, I don think oe can tell exactly how much.
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:44:01
The country is called "Colombia", not "Columbia", even in English.  
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:00:19


We need also assume that they are not being pressed to make some profit from some unprofitabel chip.  I am still waiting for reliable info/leaks about these questions:
+ What is the power consumption of their chip?
+ What is the hash rate of thir chip?
+ How many of that chip do they have in stock?
+ How much did they spend on it (including design)?
Apologies if these questions have been answered already.
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:10:57
THis discussion is bizarre.  It is like debating whether the sinking of the Titanic really made the trip a failure... 


The last halving came soon after a rally so profit margins were stll very high; industrial mining with ASICS was just beginning; the revenue drop was only 50% not 90% or 99%; *it was totally expected* so miners had factored it into their plans; and the revenue drop was not due to a price crash (the price was expected to rise instead, as it did after some 5 weeks, for other reasons).  


That is not at all guaranteed in speculative bubbles.  The price usually rebounds to the hard floor, not to anywhere near the peak value.
@_date: 2015-05-01 07:04:24
According to [posts in bitcointalk.org]( Greyscale already did what they had to do in order to enable trading.  However, BIT shareholders who want to sell still had to do some paperwork that could take several days.  
There will be no trading unless and until those shareholders decide to sell.  At least some of them should want to...
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:58:56


I don't know the exact proportion, but others have made a similar claim.  Or maybe more like 200 $/oz floor for industrial and decorative, plus 1000 $/oz for speculative hoarding.
So?  Is gold meant to be a paradigm of something?


Correct me if I am wrong, but that will require tiny amounts of bitcoin only.  It will not hold up the floor.


Not all, but if the price has a 90% drop, their revenue will drop too.  If a miner was spending 100'000 $/month of electricity to mine 120'000 $/month worth of bitcoin, right after the crash he will still be spending 100'000 $/month but make only 12'000 $/month of revenue.  How long will he keep burning 88'000 $/month from his previous profits?  There will be no way to predict whether and when the price will recover.  An amateur miner may keep mining for the dream's sake, but an industrial miner cannot afford to do charity with his VC money.


That is true, the drop in hashpower can be somewhat less than 90%, but can also be more than 90%. 


It does not make a difference whether each miner will turn off 90% of its equipment, or 90% of the miners will close shop while 10% keep going.  The hashrate will go down.


If the 90% network collapse happens right *after* a difficulty change, the block interval will rise to 100 minutes, the next change will happen only after 5 months, and it will only reduce the difficulty to 1/4 instead of 1/10.  If the collapse happens just *before* a difficulty change, the adjustment procedure will see mostly normal block intervals and conclude that no change is necessary; so again it will be molasses for another 5 months.  If teh collapse occurs halfway between adjustments, there will be 2.5 months of molasses, then the difficulty will be lowered to 1/4.  The luckiest possibility seems to be if the crash happens about 500-700 blocks before the next change, in which case it will be molasses for 6 weeks then a difficuty drop to 1/4.


Right.  It would be stupid to worry about the plane not having enough fuel before the fuel actually runs out. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:50:30
The 220'000 BTC will not resolve the MtGOX debacle, since they are only 20% of the coins that people thought that they owned in Jan/2014, and those coins are worth only 30% of what they were worth then; so the victims will have lost 94% of the wealth that they thought they had.
Bitcoinica victims should fare even worse.  Who is going to submit a claim for the Bitcoinica coins that were supposed to be kept at MtGOX?  Will the claim be accepted as valid?
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:22:51


The BRL is nowhere near as volatile as Bitcoin, and the "government" of the latter is totally totally corrupt too.  (Recall BitFunder, BitcoinRain, MtGOX, Neo&amp;Bee, ...)
And, by the way, those clamoring about the current "corrupt government" want to replace it by one that is even more corrupt...
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:24:56
Hopefully, when the deadline comes, most payment processors, miners, and exchanges will have upgraded; so, even if there are some miners mining the "v0.10 bitcoin", its confirmations will take forever and its coins will be ignored by most important users.  Then the v0.10 bitcoin will become immediately worthless, while the v0.11 bitcoin will retain most of the pre-fork value.
Note that it will take two weeks for the difficulty in either chain to be adjusted so as to account for the miner split.  If 90% of the miners upgrade before the fortk block, then the mean confirmation time for the v0.10 coin will rise to 100 minutes while that for v0.11 coins will rise to 11 minutes.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:28:57
That is why I am asking for one, Master.
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:19:53
Many things...  For one, economies of scale make centralization of mining inevitable, and that will lead to control of the network by an oligopoly or monopoly, thus removing the only feature that makes bitcoin worth considering.  Then there is the insane cost of mining, the fact that it must be supported by continuous stream of new investment, the illusion of "zero fees", the fragility of the human part of the protocol, the infinite supply of altcoins, the real possibility that it will be banned ...
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:14:15
Block 332182 took one hour to find:
    332186 2014-11-29 21:42:21
    332185 2014-11-29 21:43:15
    332184 2014-11-29 21:37:22 
    332183 2014-11-29 21:34:40
    332182 2014-11-29 **21:17:30**
    332181 2014-11-29 **20:06:02**
Block 332150 also took 52 minutes to find.
On the other hand, a lucky miner solved block 332186 only 50 seconds **before** it even started to mine it. 8D
(OK, the last one is probably a consequence of lack of synchronization between the clocks of different miners...)  
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:53:11
You mean the blockchain that prevented the theft of of 500 million dollars worth of bitcoins from MtGOX?
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:36:56
It was meant to be a digital currency for e-payments that did not require trusted intermediaries or authorities.  All parts of the protocol were designed with that goal in mind.
Unfortunately, it was then turned into a "value storage" system.  Actually, not even that, but mainly a mixture of gambling game and pyramid scheme.  Those goals got in the way of the original goal, and bitcoin ended up being ill-suited to all three.
@_date: 2015-05-12 15:36:22
Bitcoin is an investment that is being sold as a wonderful *computer* invention that will be worth zillions in the future.  That alone shoud be excuse enough for me to study it.
@_date: 2015-05-28 13:00:03
Thanks! Yeah, it is quite silly the way he wrote.  I suppose that he really meant to write "anyone who can provide proof of my sworn statement above".  Namely, that CZ sent v8 "via QQ to our accountant on December 16th, 2014. The digital and hardcopy of the original signed contract by the former employee are held internally by our finance and operation teams."
@_date: 2015-05-09 23:07:30
Seems to be a plausible risk, but those miner(s) would need to command near-majority of the hashpower to be certain of recovering their fees.
However, with such a majority, those miners would not need to spam the network.  They could simply ignore any transactions with fees below their chosen minimum, and orphan any block posted by other miners that contained such transactions.
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:17:35
A good OS would normally cache the database files in memory, transparently and automatically, and serve any reads from the memory cache instead of the disk device; isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-05-16 21:29:08
As I understand it, one country wants to use one criterion to define the frontier, the other country wants a different criterion.  Of course, each country chose the criterion that gives them the beeter deal overall; but both criteria happen to exclude that area.
No one can predict how long that impasse will stand, but eventually the countries will get to an agreement and fix a border that is acceptable by both.  It is almost certian that the agreement will assign that bit of land to one of the sides.  Liberland will disappear, then and there.
@_date: 2015-05-02 04:57:36


Well, apart from the cynical view of Lawsky's real motives, the DFS and the licensing requirements have a legitimate reason to exist: to try to prevent  scams and unsafe services being offered to 12 million of NY residents who, for the most part, cannot be expected to understand the traps and risks of complicated financial services, or to know the insides of the company.
That is why any company that wants to offer financial services must provide a detailed description of the service that it intends to offer, identify all key people and partners, post bonds, demonstrate competence and integrity, etc.  Obviously, it would not make sense to have that approval process, and then let the company make arbitrary changes to the service after it was approved.  It would be like a pharmaceutical company getting FDA approval for a drug, and then changing the formula without the FDA approval.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:16:59
1. As I understand it, there was a window of a few hours during which a buggy version of a javascript routine was posted on their site.  Any transaction that was SIGNED during the problematic window (or even after it, if the browser was not refreshed) contains enough information to reveal the private key of any address that was used as an INPUT to that transaction, even if said key was created before the window.  Also, any private key created during that window is easy to guess.
2. The problem was a missing line in the javascript code of the random number generator, that should have initialized a variable to zero.  Without that line, every random number generated after the first call had only 256 (or only 1, don't remember) possible values, instead of 4 billion.  By guessing that random number, one could recover the private key from the signature in the transaction.
3. Yes, a few hours later.  But the buggy javascript code may have lingered on in the cache of the browser, for some time after that.
@_date: 2015-05-03 14:28:31
Apart from the house fees, a gambling transaction has no corresponding transfer of goods or services.  It is just an irrational unlucky person giving money to another irrational but lucky person, for no rational reason whatsoever.   The contribution of such activity to the welfare of mankind (or of a country) is zero at best.
Tumbling fees also qualify as payment for service, but in the end the money that goes through a tumbler does not change hands (or changes hands at most once).  So almost all tumbling transactions should be discounted, for this reason.
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:51:47


Does not work well with the IRS, I am afraid...
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:41:50
You should be specific "OKcoin.**com**"  (the international site) or "OKCoin.**cn**" (the Minland Chinese one).  The volume figure seems right for the latter, but USD trading was only in the former.  Unless thay have merged the two exchanges...
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:52:18


How could this be even remotely possible?  Large miners can easily pretend to be many smaller miners.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:38:38
The economic use and aspects of bitcoin:  the value of bitcoin, usage to pay things or invest, trading at exchanges, blockchain applications, etc.
@_date: 2017-02-16 23:21:56


Of course they aren't.  
One problem is that there is no such thing as an "appropriate fee".  160 sat/byte may have been enough to get through the past backlogs, but may not  be enough to get through the current one.  And at other times it would be totally wasted.
Another problem is that the guy who agrees to pay 140 sat/byte, because that was the recommended fee for prompt service, will be charged that fee even if his transaction is delayed for two days.  
While there is a backlog, whenever a transaction gets into a block by paying a higer fee, some other transaction will get pushed out of that block.  If the rate of incoming transactions is 1.2 MB every 10 minutes, then at least 20% of those transactions will be delayed, no matter what.   Either 20% will be delayed until the rate drops again to less than 1 MB every 10 minutes, or a larger percentage of them will be delayed for somewhat shorter time.
Indeed, the *average* confirmation delay D for all transactions issued during a backlog will be the same, no matter what fees they pay.  It depends only on how the rate T of incoming transactions and the capacity C of the network evolve until the backlog clears.
The "fee market" does not mean only higher fees, longer delays, and stagnating use.  It also makes fees and delays impossible to predict -- which is a big problem for any service that intends to use bitcoin.  
In particular, the "fee market" is another big problem for the LN, because a channel transaction issued today must include a fee that will be sufficient for prompt confirmation when the channel is closed, many months from now.  What will that fee be?
@_date: 2015-05-16 00:19:03
GBTC daily trading summary:
               !   OTX !   OTX !   FRT !    FRT !    FRT !        FRT !       FRT !     
    Date       !  PRLO !  PRHI !  PRLO !   PRHI !   VSHR !       VUSD !      PRAV ! OBS 
    -----------+-------+-------+-------+--------+--------+------------+-----------+----------
    2015-05-04 | 37.98 | 42.00 |   .   | 200.00 |    765 |        .   |    .      | (*0)(*1)
    2015-05-05 | 55.00 | 94.86 | 50.00 | 175.00 |    435 |   32198.00 |  74.01839 | (*0)
    2015-05-06 |   .   |   .   | 65.00 |  68.00 |    125 |    8268.50 |  66.14800 | (*0)
    2015-05-07 | 40.00 | 66.00 | 40.00 |  86.00 |   2844 |  163651.00 |  57.54255 |     
    2015-05-08 | 49.00 | 59.00 | 49.00 |  59.00 |  14807 |  750019.70 |  50.65305 |     
    
    2015-05-11 | 50.00 | 57.95 | 49.50 |  57.95 |   2756 |  143247.34 |  51.97654 |     
    2015-05-12 | 49.00 | 50.01 | 49.00 |  52.25 |   2286 |  113299.25 |  49.56223 |     
    2015-05-13 | 49.00 | 49.00 | 49.00 |  50.00 |    327 |   16113.10 |  49.27554 |     
    2015-05-14 | 44.00 | 49.00 | 44.00 |  49.95 |  20894 | 1004923.74 |  48.09628 | (*2)
    2015-05-15 | 38.00 | 45.00 | 38.00 |  45.00 |   2320 |   97444.35 |  42.00188 |     
"OTX" data from [**the GBTC quote page at OTCQX**](
"FRT" data from [**the FreeRealTime site**]( except those flagged (\*0) and (\*1) (see below).
PRLO = Lowest price in specified day.
PRHI = Highest price in the specified day.
VSHR = Number of shares traded in day.
VUSD = Trade volume in USD (sum over all trades of num of shares times price per share).
PRAV = Average price in day = VUSD/VSHR.
(*0) The "FRT" price range for this entry was obtained from [**this post**](
(\*1) For 2015-05-04, the values of PRLO, VSHR, VUSD, and PRAV could not
be determined; the value of VSHR was taken from the OTCQX page.
(\*2) The summary pages at OTCQX and FreeRealTime.com say 19894, but
adding the FreeRealTimes list of trades we get 20894 (1000 more). The
VSHR value given is the latter. There were 2 trades near the end of the
day; perhaps one was undoing the other?
@_date: 2015-05-21 03:59:14
Do you don't know *why* he put that newspaper headline in the genesis block?
@_date: 2015-05-15 20:30:46
Based on the volume of e-payments processed by Bitpay, with a 10x factor to account for other processors and direct payments, and the money velocity equation.  If there was no speculative hoarding, only demand for use in e-payments, the price should be 5 $/BTC or less.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:17:37
From a practical software engineering viewpoint, there must be a well-defined maximum block size, so that every player knows what is the largest block that it must be preprared to handle, and what is the largest block that it can issue without causing problems for the other players.  (Imagine a miner who solves a block so big that 10% of the clients choke on it.)
A fixed static max block size allows static allocation of buffers and such, and simplifies substantially the validation of the code to make sure that there are no overflows when handling the block, computing the fee, etc..   
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:38:00
This could be a first step in that direction:
I suppose that the algorithm used by that site is to cluster all addresses that occur together as inputs to the same transaction.  These clusters he calls "wallets", I guess. This is not perfect but is is better than considering each address separately.
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:15:01


Do you think that the RPM of your car's engine determines the voltage of the dynamo's output, or is there a device that keeps the voltage fixed while the current varies?  ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:57:33
The post is not arguing for a *small* block size limit.  It is just pointing out that there must be *some* hard static size limit, whether 1 MB or 20 MB or 2 GB, for good programming reasons.
Economists should not try to do the job of programmers either. ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:13:33


Do you have a link to the bounty announcement?
@_date: 2015-05-12 14:04:09


Well, I have looked at it for 15 months now, and I believe that schedule to be all but certain.  It is not mathematically defined; it depends on future human choices, and no one can prove anything about that.  It depends on how the mining industry is structured, what will happen to the price, what the Chinese government may decide to do with the Chinese miners, ...  Moreover, the supply includes the hoards of early adopters, who may decide to sell...
And then there is the other side of the equation, the demand.  That is just pure guessing; there is no rational argument that will make any number be more likely than any other.
You must be aware that, by buying bitcoins, you are gambling on a lottery with unknown prizes and unknown odds.  Too bad that new investors are not being told that upfront...
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:57:41


Because they created the Nov/201 price bubble, and still determine the price.   The Western exchanges have occasionally and momentarily lifted the price by 50-70 USD on particularly optimistic rumors (like "microsoft will accept bitcoin"), but mostly the Chinese day-traders set the price, and arbitragers then immediately copy it to the Western exchanges.
The question should be: why pay attention to Western exchanges, who need to claim that the Chinese volume is "fake" in order to make themselves seem important?
@_date: 2015-05-28 14:58:53
OK, if the maximum changes only once every few years, of when a hard fork is necessary for other reasons.
@_date: 2015-05-21 11:07:57
Honduras is buying a totally untested revolutionary technology, based on an experiment with uncertain future, from a startup created yesterday, to build a database that is supposed to last for centuries.  I would feel more sympathy for the Honduras deal if Factom had successfuly deployed at least *one* successful client case in the US or any other technologically developed country.  As it is, it seems to me that Honduras has been duped into being a guinea pig for a new brand of snake oil... 
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:25:29
The issue obviously is not about mere software updates, or a new graph or form on the website.  The issue is new *financial* products, i.e. new kinds of services (like a futures market, interest-paying savings accounts, etc.)  And my question is whether the need of permission for new *financial products* exists in the regulations that apply to traditional financial institutions.
@_date: 2015-05-12 06:50:29
GBTC volume dropped back to ~260 BTC on Monday after the ~1500 BTC of Friday.
The average BIT investor paid 400--500 $/BTC; it is understandable that they are in no hurry to sell for much less than that.   But there are very few bids posted; if some investor decided to dump 2'000 shares (200 BTC) it would crash the price to 200 $/BTC.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:20:17


Including a much worse bug in the RNG of their main javascript code, that (a) made it easy to guess any private keys created with that version of the code, and (b) made it possible to deduce any previously created private key from transactions signed with that version of the code.  
If it wasn't for a white hat hacker who happened to be watching the blockchain for instances of (b), the result could have been a disaster of goxic proportions.
But the bugs themselves are not as bad as what they reveal about their software production process.
@_date: 2015-05-25 08:21:35


Actually it may be:


I presume that is the only serious blockchain that there is, namely ~~Dog~~ Bitcoin's.
Sadly there is always someone trying to "fix" voting without bothering to read even one of the hundreds of papers and reports on the subject.  
There is a well-known list of requirements that every voting system must satisfy to ensure fair and free voting.  These requirements immediately exclude voting via internet, voting from home, voting by smartphone, or allowing the voter to carry electronic devices into the voting booth.  
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:29:19
The gold bubble of a few years back cannot have been "natural"; it must have been a deliberate pump and dump, fueled by those gold marketeers.
The mathematics of bitcoin may be great, but it does not specify is it price, current or future.  To invest in bitcoin one must trust the fantastic predictions of its salesmen.
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:52:19


AFAIK no bitcoin exchange has full insurance against MtGOX-like "accidents".  None of the funds (GBTX, BTrOne, COIN) is or will be insured against such "accidents", and the managing company refuses being held responsible for damages in that case.
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:29:46


Wasn't it a request of the bitcoin companies, who would not be able to function otherwise?
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:34:52
A good operating system should buffer disk files in RAM memory, transparently. If your computer has enough RAM and no competing processes, the entire 700 MB database should be mirrored in RAM, and all database reads should be satisfied from the memory buffers.  Only the writes should actually access the  hard drive.  Isn't that the case in typical nodes?
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:51:04
I recall checking Coinbase, and reading carefully the FAQ one sees that it only has the hot wallet insured, which they promise to keep below 5% of all their BTC holdings.  Ditto for some other US exchange, but I don't remember which.  Does Circle have full insurance?
The lack of insurance of the funds is written in their filings.
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:02:13


I have not checked the piecharts lately, but I doubt that those make up more than 25% of the total hashpower.  But, anyway, why do you think that they will never take part in a 51% attack?  Madoff, Mark Karpelès, Ukyo, Danny Brewster, Friedcat -- they were all totally reputable members of the community, before people learned what they really were. 
@_date: 2015-05-15 03:41:19
Do you think that there are no such pro-bitcoin paid "advertorials"? Why? Because it would be unethical?
@_date: 2015-05-18 16:12:42
The point was only that it is not lack of money that is holding the price down.  Many people who use or trade bitcoins have lots of money to spare, but they are not buying now because they think that $236.70 is too much.  (And yes, the people who have bitcoins are not selling because they think that $236.62 it too little.)
One cannot assume that bitcoiners will put *all* their available money into bitcoin.  Even if the price drops further, it may only make them revise their expectations, and lower their bids and their "bitcoin allowance" even more.  
@_date: 2015-05-28 06:31:30


Well, I wonder what those "terms and conditions" are.
The reason I am skeptic is that stealing several hundred million dollars in bitcoins is easier, and safer for the thief, than stealing the same amount of cash.  The premium for insurance against those events must be huge, and could inviabilize the business.
Unless they keep most of clients' BTC as USD, and denominated in USD (meaning that if you deposit 1 BTC today and the price doubles, your account will have only 0.5 BTC in it).  Is that Circle's model? If so, then they will store their "BTC" in a bank.
@_date: 2015-05-01 20:59:15


By the very goal of the project, there cannot be "trusted developers"; not even Satoshi should have that privilege. Besides, from pure probabilities, there is more than 50% chance that Gavin &amp; Co could be on the side of the cartel.  


But a counterattack that relies on the miners would mean that a *minority* of the miners can prevail over a *majority*.  That would mean abandoning the bitcoin protocol and switching to a centralized system controlled by the Only True Miner Party.   (That is the excuse of every dictatorship.)


A cartel that has more than half of the mining power would usually overtake a "rebel" branch after a few blocks.  At that point it would be impossible for a thirsd party to tell which branch was issued by the attacker and which branch was issued by "rebel" miners who are ignoring previously posted blocks because they are believed to come from the cartel.  Both may claim to be the good guys, of course.


A majority cartel could use its power to block just one address for a limited time, say Exxon's payment of the fee required to submit a bid in the auction of a multibillion oilfield.  Or to cancel and double-spend a payment of 100 million dollars for a diamond, that was confirmed 20 blocks ago.
Moreover, such a rule could probably be exploited by a minority player, by flooding the queue at the right time to make honest nodes look like 51 attackers, and therefore getting them excluded.


Network partition attacks are a separate issue. The 51% attacks do not require network split or control of the nodes, only that they behave according to the protocol.  If necessary, the cartel can easil put up a majority of nodes too, so the defense cannot rely trusting the decision to a majority of the nodes.


Who grants "trusted" status to a node?  If one could do that, there would be no need for PoW and all the complication of the blockchain protocol. It would suffice to have the "trusted" nodes keep mirrors of a conventional database.
If 90% of the "trusted" nodes are required to agree in order to fight a 51% attack, then the cartel needs only take control of 15% of those nodes, and that defense will become ineffective.
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:52:13
Except that Google is still the best web index around.  You don't hear them saying "forget those webpages out there, Orkut is the future"... &lt;/sarcasm too&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-13 14:41:27
From a programmer's perspective, a finite money supply is *much* easier to implement than an unbounded one.  Record fields can be fixed length, one can use the programing language's native arithmetic ops instead of calling library routines to do the math, one can allocate all variables statically or on the stack (instead of using dynamic allocation) etc.  That holds not only for the core client and libraries, but also for all auxiliary software, like javascript on web wallets, accounting software, etc.
Satoshi was a competent B-level programmer, because he was aware that many popular languages and applications -- like javascript, Excel, (g)awk, matlab -- use IEEE double precision floating point format for all numbers; and he knew that 2^51 (about 2.25 quadrillion) is the largest integer that can be safely handled in that format without rounding, leaving a couple of extra bits for safety during simple arithmetic.  (Most bitcoin developers who took over the bitcoin implementation seem to be C-level programmers, because they seem to have the same attitude towards floating point that Frodo had towards the Ringwraiths.)
So, that is almost certainly why the total number of atomic units was capped to about 2.25 quadrillion.  Those were to be the "bitcoin cents", playing for bitcoin the same role that the cents play for the dollar.  Then, when choosing the nominal unit (the "bitcoin dollar"), Satoshi picked 1 BTC = 100 million atomic units. That choice put the decimal point about in the middle of the range; namely, the maximum possible amount would be 22.5 million BTC (8 digits before the decimal point), and the minimum amount would be 0.01 millionth of BTC (8 digits after the point).  That choice made arbitrary BTC amounts maximally readable (or, rather, minimally unreadable) when printed, and was the least biased about the future value of BTC.
Next he defined the block reward schedule.  It had to ensure the issuance of all the supply in a finite time.  Assuming optimistically that the value of a bitcoin would grow with time, it made sense to make the reward decrease with time.  Starting with some reward R and halving it every N blocks was the simplest schema that could do both things.  
He picked R = 50 BTC/block, and N = 210'000 blocks.  Why those values? For any choice of R, there is a definite value of N that will result in just under 2^51 BTC being issued, ever: namely, N = 2^50 / R (rouding down).  A larger (or smaller) R would require a smaller (or larger) N, thus shortening (or lengthening) the time frame for issuance of the full supply.  There was no way of predicting how the price of bitcoin would evolve, and therefore no way to guess the best value of R in some economic sense.  However, setting R = 50 BTC/block (a nice round number) meant halving every N = 225'179 blocks, which is about 4 years; which meant that half the coins would be issued in 4 years.  At the time, that must have seemed a reasonable choice.  Satoshi then rounded that N value down to 210'000, which meant that the total number of atomic units would be a bit less than 2.25 quadrillion -- more precisely,   2'099'999'997'690'000 satoshis = 20'999'999.976'900'00  BTC.
So, programmers' laziness and compatibility with Excel and Javascript will probably prevent that limit from being raised much in the future.  (At most, it could be doubled -- 2^52 satoshis would still be marginally safe to use.) 
On the other hand, a hard cap on the number of units does not protect against monetary inflation.  Some years from now, the People's Bank of Bitcoin in Beijing may decree negative interest rates -- namely, a mandatory transaction fee of (say) 2% on the amount of each input UTXO, for each year since the UTXO was created. 
@_date: 2017-02-18 13:52:46
That is indeed something that a company officer should not do.
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:58:57
Sigh, the change is the output that goes back *to the owner of the input*.  So if a transaction takes 50 BTC, sends 0.05 BTC to one address and 49.95 BTC to a third address -- and that gets repeated 1000 times in one day, chained by the large amount -- then those large amounts must be all change outputs, and al those addresses that received them must belong to the same person or company.  If you cannot see that, sorry, I don't know how to explain more clearly.
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:18:37
The law determines whether a contract is valid (i.e., whether one can be sued for breaking it) or not.  The way the contract is stored shoud be immaterial.  If there is dispute about what version of a contract was signed, the court will call an expert who will tell them how likely that claim is.  The legal system is already used to digital signatures.  Notaries and witnesses was the old tech way of resolving such disputes.
@_date: 2015-05-06 03:54:17
Note that the name of the fund is "Bitcoin Investment Trust" (BIT), and the company that manages it is Grayscale. 
"GBTC" is not a new thing; it is only the symbol that was assigned by FINRA for BIT shares -- in the same way that "AAPL" is the symbol for Apple shares, OSTK the symbol for Overstock shares, etc..
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:53:32
Surely you see the difference between two kid selling harmless computers to a few other computer enthusiasts, and a company that offers to handle the money of hundreds of thousands of clients, who have no way of knowing or understanding what the company actually does?
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:40:21


IIUC, BitGold did not buy the company; it only bought the rights to list GoldMoney's accounts on BitGold's Vaurum ledger, or something of the sort.  And it paid in BitGold equity, so it is rather GoldMoney who acquired a piece of BitGold...
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:05:55
The purpose is irrelevant, but it is quite certain that the bulk of the output amount (say, ~50 BTC with a side drop of ~0.05 BTC) did not change hands.  If it did, one would have to assume 1000 people are playing hot potato with those 50 BTC all day long.  Even if that was the case, it would hardly be legitimate commerce.
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:23:18
At Huobi and OKCoin, every time there is a largish trade that opens up the spread, some robot promptly sprays a dozen tiny orders across the gap.  And often it removes the lowest of those orders and sprays them back at a different price range.
I cannot guess the purpose of those orders.  Perhaps it is to prevent tiny trades from changing the price too much.  At Bitstamp, for example, the chart looks like a broad band, because trades alternate at both ends of a relatively wide spread.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:11:42
But [**this chart**]( does not show any improvement.
Although both numbers include a lot of "fake" traffic (coins moving without changing hands).  I believe 90% fake.  So they don't tell us anything.
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:35:29
Huobi and perhaps other exchanges have a live ticker/chart page that can be accessed by anyone, without registration.  Does Lunar have such thing?
Does Lunar provide the trading volume?  The [**old Coinbase non-exchange service**]( still active, provided only price, not volume.
Speaking of which, what was that transient -- the swing from ~290 to ~310 then ~240 then back to ~290 in a couple of minutes? 
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:18:25
Didn't he endorse [**Neo&amp;Bee**]( too?
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:23:57
It is a matter of accounting, but the effect is indeed that.  The miners have no more control than any other person.  If the miners sell only 1000 of the 3600 that they mine in one day,  that has the same effect has if they sold all 3600 and bought back 2600; and that has the same effect as if they sold all 3600 and **someone else** bought 2600.  Either way, **someone** has to buy those 3600 BTC, **someone** has to spend their money doing it,  and it does not matter whether it is the miners themselves (by not selling the coins that they mined and have the right to sell) or some other investors (by buying the coins that the miners sold).
You cannot demand that the miners refrain from selling the coins that they earned, just as you cannot demand that someone else buys them.  They have as much right to sell those coins as any person has to **not** buy them.
The important thing is that there are 3600 new BTC placed into the world every day, and the miners have no control over that number at all: it is determined by the protocol.  To keep the price at 280 $, one million dollars must be placed into the market each day by people willing to absorb those coins -- whether by investors buying coins, or by miners refraining to sell them.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:53:18
I don't know how to do that.  In all those cases the information was openly available on the internet, one just had to google the person's name with keyword like "scam", "lawsuit", etc., and scan through the hits.  Many people know how to search court and arrest databases (which are public, but may not be indexed by Google).
Any interesting fact can be posted to the appropriate bullettin boards, with links and quotes; then Google will find that information much more easily.
The problem is how to teach people in general to check the background of any person they are considering doing business with.  That is basic education, one of the things that schools and parents should teach children about...
@_date: 2015-05-03 16:33:27
Why not just sell the bitcoins and buy the shares with dollars?  That is what an intermediary will do anyway.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:20:53
I have been doubling my holdings of crypto every day since I first heard of bitcoin, a year ago.  However, I have diversified my holdings recently: now half of my holdings are bitcoin, half are ripple, and half are dogecoin.
@_date: 2016-01-18 14:45:02
Hi.  Nice talk and good work!
One nit:  The "unverified" bit that you proposed cannot be verified by others, and therefore is useless. In general, the bockchain should not hold any information that cannot be validated at an arbitrary future time.
(Note that the protocol does *not* assume, and should not assume, that individual miners are well-intentioned.  It must in fact assume that *every* miner will try to mislead and sabotage his peers, if it improves their bottom line.)
I know you are a miner and will disagre, but I think that one should not really worry about the strategies that miners use and the effects of large blocks on them.  Taking a step back, the miners as a whole have the mission of validating all transactions that users generate (with sufficient fees), as quickly as possible, and place them into a PoW-secured blockchain.  The only way the other players can ensure that the miners as a whole will accomplish this mission is by offering the right incentives; and the current incentives do seem to encourage them, as a whole, to do that (assuming the stupid 1 MB block size limit is removed, and pretending that there is no risk of a majority cartel forming).  If that is true, then it makes no difference for the system how the miners go about that mission, and how the incentives get split among them, . 
Speaking of which, I have a more bottom-line question, that you may know the answer by heart:  
Suppose that block size is effectively unlimited, and consider some typical miner.  What would be the minimum fee (in USD/kB) that would motivate that miner to add one more transaction to his candidate block -- taking into account all costs, **including the expected loss that results from the reduced chances of getting that block accepted because of the size increase**?
An order-of-magnitude answer would already be quite helpful...
@_date: 2015-01-25 22:45:48
I don't think so, they have only announced an exchange.
As far as I understand, they were previously classified as a payment processor.  That exempted them from needing money transmitting licenses, but restricted them to send dollars (from the sale of clients' bitcoins) only to merchants, as payment for goods or services.  Now they can send dollars to any clients, like any exchange.  Is that correct?
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:52:40
I don't pretend to know what Satoshi was thinking, but the 21 million limit has a very pedestrian practical explanation: 2.1 x 10^15 it is about the largest number of satoshis that you can safely handle in Excel, javascript, and many programming languages, without any rounding errors.  Making the number unbounded would have required considerably more complicated software, block formats, etc., and would have ruled out the use of Excel (the main tool of financial planning and accounting).  
So, the fact that the number of units is capped is not at all evidence that bitcoin was designed to be used as a store of value.
By the way, with digital money (as opposed to physical cash) it is quite possible to have a capped money supply AND inflation.  Just slap a minimum "maintenance fee" of 0.01 % per day on every UTXO.  That would make bitcoin unusable as store of value, but still good as currency.  (Hopefully, this tax will be added to the protocol in the future...)
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:35:59
Well, I guess I had better consider that a compliment. 8D
@_date: 2015-05-01 23:07:46
Let's see how much money they will really process and how much revenue they will get. (However, considering how long it took for BitPay to reelase some numbers, would you mind if I grab a coffe and then sit down while I wait for theirs?)
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:04:37


The author must be referring to upper-middle-class closed residential condominiums, like Alphaville in São Paulo and many similar developments patterned after it.  The examples in the US must be similar.  Those are neither independent nations not self-sufficient communities.  They are largely residential luxury real estate development projects.  True, they are isolated by walls, with private security and roads; but they are 100% part of the main country, subject to its laws, policies, politics, etc.  I bet that anyone with 100 million dollars or so can set up a similar condominium in Croatia or Serbia, with their governments' blessings.
Those condominiums don't have an economy: the wealth of its residents comes almost entirely from companies and jobs outside the condominium, that serve markets outside it.  
That strip of land between Serbia and Croatia is not claimed by either country only temporarily, only because each is pushing for a different criterion to define the boundary.  But sooner or later they will agree on a *single* boundary line, and then that strip will be part of one of them, or divided among both.  So, both countries must view the move by the activists as an attempt to grab for free a piece of land that someday may be their territory.
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:00:54
Auditing is not regulation.  You hire a professional auditing company that will go through your books, bank accounts, and tax records, check a sample of contracts, receipts and invoices, inspect your stockpiles and facilities, etc., and then underwrite your financial report, staking their reputation on its accuracy.
@_date: 2015-01-19 11:13:51
Less is often more.  I loved twitter, but then they allowed images in tweets, to become more "facebooky".  You can't turn them off in the PC interface.  My timeline became slow, clunky, and buggy, cluttered with huge content-free images. I rarely use twitter now...
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:30:47
Their market cap is 650 M$, so that fraud (not hacking apparently) was 5% of their market cap.
What does this have to do with bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:26:23
I have been told that the CoinJoin tumbling service does that sort of thing in order to break largish volumes into small (sub-BTC) amounts, beefore joining and splitting these.
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:57:20
Hm, not as obvious... 
Anyone who can speak any language can learn Esperanto, especially if he does so as a kid.  The grammar is very simple (much simpler than English's, arguably).  The vocabulary is the hard part, but it helps that the derived words are very regular (e.g., not like English act --&gt; act**or**,  dig --&gt; dig**ger**, sell --&gt; salesman, etc.)
In contrast, in order to protect one's bitcoins against hackers and other tricks, one must be able to recognize and avoid risky situations and actions; which is difficult even for experienced computer programmers. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 16:04:46
They published a [financial report]( for 2013.  You want *another* one?!  Why?
@_date: 2015-05-09 14:04:22
It should be the other way around: shrink the reward smoothly, instead of halving it abruptly every 4 years.
The intended purpose of the block reward was to get the coins into circulation in the least unfair way that the designers could think of.  Thus, the abrupt reward halvings were not expected to be a problem.
However, the hypervaluation of the coin caused the block reward to be the only significant source of revenue for a mining industry that consumes as much electricity as some European countries. The abrupt halvings are therefore traumatic events for that industry.
A more gradual reduction of the reward, that issued the same total number of coins in the same time frame,  would have the same effect but without those small catastrophes every 4 years.   But that would have required another 50 lines in the program, and another couple of paragraphs in the whitepaper...
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:14:00
PS.  The bitcoins may have been taken out much earlier (IIRC, the WizSec team suspects that) and then Willy may have been just an attempt to cook the books to hide the deficit. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:08:32
How many dollars I have, in any currency or medium.
@_date: 2015-01-31 22:50:43
You don't give them your bitcoins, When you choose to pay with bitcoins you are redirected to a BitPay webpage.  You send your coins to BitPay. BitPay sends dollars to the company.   
Someone who tells the public that "Microsoft and Dell accept bitcoins", without explaining this detail, is flat-out lying.
@_date: 2015-01-27 12:03:39


The value of the ETF shares will be pegged to the BTC price.


What do you mean?  They should just open a private fund, like SMBIT?
(SMBIT has not sold any shares for 2 months now, and the last batch they sold, in Nov/2014, may have been just one investor.)
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:44:33
DO NOT USE SUCH THINGS
Risk of having private keys stolen is too high.
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:40:36
Many claims that GAW (and everything associated with them) is a scam.  Many claims that it is just a smear campaign by rivals/enemies.  How can this be resolved?
One of the sides should *actually* press charges against the other (not just threaten to do so).  Please.
@_date: 2015-01-23 05:14:52
The figure "2 million dollars/day" for the profit of divestors is a wild guess.  (Just for scale, Bitpay is said to process 1 million dollars per day, but that includes miners paying their bills.)  Does anyone have a better estimate?
The people who use bitcoin as currency (buy to immediately spend) do not contribute much to the net money flow, because they get back goods and services equivalent to the money they put into the system.  The net input comes only from those who buy bitcoins now to increase their holdings (include newbies that increase from 0 BTC to some BTC).
I also guessed the money that service comanies take out of the system, at 200'000 kBTC/day.  I expect it to be off by an order of magnitude either way.  Here too, does anyone have a better estimate?
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:06:11


But those three companies are doing just that: they are explicitly **not** accepting bitcoins.  So it is totally misleading (to say the least)to claim that they are "accepting bitcoin", when speaking to an audience who does not know about BitPay.  
AFAIK you still cannot do micropayments decently with bitcoin, with or without BitPay.  Isn't that so?  (That is one of the things that side chains may provide, if and when people figure out what they are.)
"No chargebacks" is a disadvantage  for customers, not an advantage.  Since it is the customer who has to decide whether to use bitcoin or paypa/credit cardl...
The "lower costs" claim has been debunked many times. On one hand, there is the cost of acquiring bitcoin; on the other hand, credit cards give bonuses.  And merchants generally do not offer lower prices for clients paying through Bitpay.
@_date: 2015-01-31 10:25:44
Some other researcher noted that an air-gapped computer can leak data also by ultrasound, if the internal speakers are working.  Maybe the disk drive noise could be used for that purpose too.
@_date: 2015-05-30 04:25:22
Yes, out of 42 million total bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:33:20
What about 4 MB blocks every 2 minutes instead of 20 MB blocks every 10?
@_date: 2015-05-17 18:20:04
I don't know enough about PHP and Ruby to comment, but Perl is definitely a bad choice of language for critical applications.   Not because it is more prone to hacking, but because it is much more difficult to understand what the program is actually doing, hence more difficult to certify that it has no bugs or exploitable security holes.
Python is somewhat better,  but it too has complicated semantics that easily create hidden bugs.  In general, languages without strong typing, like Python and Javascript, while more convenient and flexible, seem to be much more "dangerous" than languages like C or Java.
Recently we learned of an incident where a wallet recovery tool provided by BitGo sent 84 BTC as transaction fee, on a transfer of a hundred BTC or so.  The immediate cause was overflow in a 32-bit integer computation.  The cause of that bug was javascript's weak-type semantics.  Numerical values are usually represented as IEEE double-precision floats, which can store 52-bit integers without rounding; but when a number is used in a bitwise operation, like "&amp;", it is converted without warning to a 32-bit integer.
Although C is far from ideal in terms of security, in my experience C programs have a much lower density of bugs and surprises than those that I write in other languages.  
  
In the late 1980s, I used for a couple of years Modula-3, a language that was as close to the machine code as C, but object-oriented and much better than C safety-wise.  Unfortunately it died out in the early 1990s.  
@_date: 2014-12-24 02:07:57


True, the risks (to the thief) of any physical scam are greater than hacking into people's computers, or setting up a malicious clone of a website.  However, note that thieves started building and deploying [ATM skimmers]( and fake credit card readers as soon as the real ones started to be deployed.  So it seems that the increased risk is not a deterrent, even though the [expected payoff for each such scam]( is not that great.
In fact, these classical physical scams seem riskier than doling out fake hardwre wallets, since the bitcoin thief needs not to go to a specific exposed location (a real ATM location, or a merchant's cashier counter); and months may pass between the "planting" of the devices (e.g., in a small electronics store) and the actual theft.
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:49:24
I know almost nothing about its mechanism.
As for its goals: unlike bitcoin, it would really provide a safe and private money transfer medium for all sort of criminals, terrorists, saboteurs, subversives, spies, corrupt politicians and officers, tax evaders, etc..  
I am not sure that we need that.  Anyway, if it really works, it will be blocked by the US government.  Unless it is a CIA/NSA project, and they have a backdoor...
@_date: 2015-05-23 15:32:33
You mean that "ownership" could be decided by the private army with bigger guns?  Mind if I am not impressed by the concept?
@_date: 2015-01-09 10:39:26
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:38:12
Yeah.  And it seems that Josh Garza too has some interesting history before getting into Bitcoin, with an internet access company called Great Auk Wireless (GAW too). 
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:12:20
We saw it! We saw it!
@_date: 2015-01-11 12:58:48
The price is not part of the protocol.  The protocol has no mechanism to keep the price decentralized.  The price level would not not affect its use as a currency, if it were stable.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:48:52
Funny how *libertarians* want to abolish our liberty to negotiate with thousands of more or less privacy-respecting banks run by flexible humans and subjected to laws, and hundreds of national currencies, for **one** global currency that admits no privacy, respects no laws or rights, cannot forgive errors or correct crimes, and is run by a tyrannical immutable algorithm that may soon swallow all aspects of social interactions -- like no totalitarian regime has ever dreamed possible.
@_date: 2015-01-28 00:09:48
Volume in the Chinese exchanges has long been said to be fake because they charge zero fees.  Coinbase will charge zero fees for a month or two.  Will anyone dare say that their volume is fake too? ;) 
@_date: 2015-01-25 12:40:40
I realize that reddit voting works that way.  That is why I read reddit with the "new" buttons, not the "hot" ones; thankfully they are still available.  
So if they were to put voting on bitcointalk, I would not use it, and I would pity those who do (whether by choice, or just because it is the default).
Pay-to-post would much worse, IMHO: it would discourage most of the good posters, leaving only advertising, spam &amp; scam.  Pay-to-vote would suffer from the same problem, only people with vested $ interest would upvote their spam &amp; scam posts, and downvote critics.
Bitcointalk does have a voting system: you can give trust/distrust points to users, rather than posts.  It was meant to let victims finger out scammers and eventually have them banned.  But it has worked in the opposite way: scammers give negative trust to anyone who denounces them. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:30:27
This question [**was asked before**]( in this same subforum.
@_date: 2015-01-01 22:27:09
And there are still people who complain about Jehovah Witnesses.  
@_date: 2015-01-11 00:28:29
As for being downvoted, well, that is the way here.  I wish reddit had a way to sort the comments by 'worst' instead of 'best' 8D
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:23:54
Who cares whether and how wealthy people throw their money away?
The problem is when poor and middle class people put all their worth into pyramid-like scams. (TelexFree, a huge MLM scheme, recently collapsed here in Brazil, stealing at least a billion dollars from many millions of such people.)
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:07:50
The **bitcoin protocol** was not designed to achieve any specific amount of traffic.  In fact, the parameters (and the linear-chain structure of the blockchain) suggest that it was meant to remain an experiment, not to become "the" instrument for any significant market, whether it be legal or illegal e-commerce, destroying governments, pension investment, whatever.
Yes, **if** bitcoin is to become "the" currency for any of those "markets", its price must increase.  But one can say it the other way: **if** the price does not increase, bitcoin will not become "the" currency for any of those "markets".
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:40:25
They did not buy a single bitcoin, in case you haven't noticed.  Microsoft confirmed that it prefers dollars to bitcoin, even though BitPay gave it the option to take bitcoins.  NYSE and Citibank got partneship in a firm that takes money from bitcoiners, whether the price goes up or down.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:29:16


You can do that already. Almost all of them also accept payments in credit cards, paypal, bank deposits, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:10:10
They won't stumble.  And the lawyers will buy caviar by the pound thanks to this sort of stuff.
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:04:48
What is the point of asking for arguments **against** cryptos, if skeptics are not allowed to post? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:04:11




Ok, but if you are paying for some goods and services, you must trust that other party to deliver them.  (Note that I included "merchant" above.)  
@_date: 2017-02-02 07:54:37
Yes, of course.  He could have defined 1 BTC = 10^7 satoshis.
Another possible reason why he chose 10^(8), as I wrote, is that it makes 1 satoshi to be 1 millionth of 1 cent of bicoin -- which may seem more natural and easier to remember for anyone who is used to a currency with "cents" as the smallest unit -- like USD, EUR, GBP, CNY, RUB, BRL, ....  
Curously, that explanation may also vaguely work for the Japanese.  The JPY does not have a "cent" division; but the Japanese number naming system uses multipliers of 10^4 ("ichi man"), 10^8 ("ichi oku"), etc, instead of 10^3, 10^6, etc..  So 1 BTC in Japan is the round number "ichi oku" (一億) of satoshis.
@_date: 2017-02-18 13:51:40


You mean Satoshi, Gavin, and Mike?
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:03:22
For interactions via browser/HTTP(S), delays of seconds are expected.
Suppose the spread is 240 -- 280.  Bill posts a sell order of 1 BTC at 250.  Before his order shows up in the book, Jane posts a buy order at 260. Then:
+ Normally, the trade would happen at 250;  Bill would be satisfied, Jane would be extra happy since she got to buy for 10$ less than she expected,
+ If the exchange owner is dishonest, however, it inserts a buy order at 250 and a sell order at 260, both from his secret account, backdated to lie between Bill's order and Jane's order.  The trade log will show two transactions, Bill sale at 250  and Jane's buy at 260, with no hint of foul play; both would be satisfied, but the exchange owner pockets the 10$ profit that would otherwise have gone to Jane.  
@_date: 2015-01-12 08:22:53
KnC should sell one of their machines only if they the sale price is somewhat more than Pk, the net operating profit (BTC mined minus electricity cost) that they would get from that machine if they mined it themselves until it was no longer profitable.  On the other hand, th consumer should buy only if the sale price is significantly less than his expected net operating profit Pc.  
But KnC has a mining farm in a very privileged location, with natural cooling and cheap hydroelectric power nearby.  So, unless the consumer has even cheaper electricity available, Pc should be less than or comparable to Pk, therefore much less than the price that KnC would charge.  
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:34:20
I don't know how much they got.  I hope it was only changetips. 8D
@_date: 2015-05-15 18:54:02
Radical changes to the bitcoin protocol include some that are really needed, some that may or may not be improvements, and some that no one knows how to do yet and will need oneor more new genial inventions.
Needed: (1) a tree-structured rather than list-structured ledger, so that each client, noed, and miner needs to download only a small part of it; (2) inflation tax, so that people do not view it as investment. (3) non-negligible transaction fees, to prevent spam and create a sane user-pays economy.
May be better, maybe not:  (3) A simple and fixed transaction fee structure. (4) Accounting based on address balances rather than UTXOs.  
Require genial inventions: (5) a way to avoid concentration of power on a few players (6) a way to make validation inexpensive (7) a way to reward relay nodes (8) a fair way to distribute coins (9) a way to reverse theft and scams (10) a way to adjust fees and issuance rate to the price of bitcoin (11) a way to stabilize the price (with only a few %/year devaluation). ...
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:30:34
But none of that requires that the devices "own" bitcoins and/or wallets.  Moreover, the devices don't need to do mining themselves.  If mining has to be done, it does not have to be physically attached to some other device, even if tis device somehow uses bitcoins. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 15:41:08
I don't know whether timing was important in Ross's case.  I believe it was more about him being in charge of (and profiting from) the operation the whole time, etc.
Proof of existence of a document is usually done by depositing the document with a notary, patent office, or some other trusted entity.  Bank records are often used as proof of payment.  
At least since the 1600's scientists used to send to colleagues letters with cryptic anagrams of their discoveries, to establish priority without revealing the discovery.   In case someone else published first, the discoverer would show the unscrambled anagram and call on his friends to testify.  Galileo sent two such anagrams to Kepler one for his discovery of the phases or venus (something like "the Morning Goddess has horns", in latin and scrambled), and one for the rings of Saturn (something like "Chronos is split into three pieces").  But his RNG must have had an index initialization bug or something, because Kepler wrote back to Galileo with the first anagram deciphered.
@_date: 2015-01-12 08:05:21
So you give them now all the Paycoins that you have, and they will give you 100'000 $/month / 12'000'000 XPY = 0.0083 $/XPY/month, until in 200 years you will have received the 20 $/XPY they promised you.
Sounds like a good offer.  Better than Neo &amp; Bee's 'profit-only shares' that entitled the bearer to a small fraction of the profit to be made by the bank in the first 2 years, then nothing. Go for it!
Seriously, customers should check the local laws for a thing called 'bait-and-switch fraud', and act accordingly.
@_date: 2015-01-22 12:54:04
Thanks for the info.
(However, the Fortress investment group did something like that too, and in 2014 they traded their bitcoins for equity in the Pantera subsidiary that manages their PBP bitcoin fund.  Are you perhaps referring to that event?)
@_date: 2015-01-25 05:21:21
Well, in theory it is possible that there is some simple test on the nonces that is cheaper than computing a full block hash, but, when it succeeds, the probability that the nonce will be a solution is much higher than for a random nonce. 
Or that, for each block header minus the nonce, there is a formula that yields a set of nonces with higher probability of solving the puzzle.
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:26:48
I suppose that abitrage is fair game, because it would be hard to connect the two accounts anyway.  For trading on your own exchange, I believe that the practice is called front-running and it is illegal in the US. But I will defer that to people familiar with stock market trading.  
The ethical justification is that speculative trading is a zero-sum game (once you subtract divdidends and assets increases, which are zero for bitcoin).  Therefore any profit that the exchange operator would make would turn trading into a negative-sum game for the clients.  The operator has unfair advantage because it can see crossed orders before the two clients are aware of them, and can insert himself as a middleman retroactively.  (Do I need to explain?)
@_date: 2015-01-09 12:42:37
They should have.  It is a consumer electronics fair, and I read that BFL products consume more power per GH/s than any other brand.
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:27:22
True, but that is a big "if".  People with vested interest will usually exaggerate the 'pros' and downplay the 'cons', even without realizing it.
@_date: 2015-01-25 17:29:18
Sure, but why just him?
@_date: 2014-12-25 04:07:12


Exactly.  And that is what I see in bitcoin, as Satoshi started it.  An experiment to see whether the combination of PoW, mining rewards, and longest-chain-wins rule would keep the network working.
Do you realize that such combination of ideas had never been tried out before?  How could someone rationally expect to implement and launch THE future global currency of the internet, based on a combination of radically new technical ideas and original economic incentives, before doing at least one experiment to see whether they worked?
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:17:06
You should still care about security; it is much safer than keeping your keys in your PC, but it is not 100% safe either.
@_date: 2015-01-09 05:35:31
My estimate is that less than 10% of that is coins changing hands.
@_date: 2015-01-26 12:49:17
They gave a lecture also at the Money 20/20 conference 3 months ago.  Everybody was expecting an announcement, but they barely mentioned their ETF, and the lecture was a total flop.
@_date: 2015-01-03 16:38:23
Today there are perhaps 500'000 people, tops, who use bitcoin for shopping.  I don't think anyone expects 500 million people will be using it in 2016.  
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:33:53
And falling into fancy new mismanagement risks.
@_date: 2015-01-08 18:51:17


"Where it is" -- like, on headlines as "the coin of crime"?
@_date: 2017-02-20 08:53:53
Gavin got the master commit key for Core from Satoshi, and held it until he gave it to Wladimir, who still has it.  
It was Wladimir who effectively blocked Gavin's proposal to raise the block size limit, and thus determined the switch from from Satoshi's "unlimited blocks" design to Greg's "fee market" design.
@_date: 2015-01-01 01:13:02
Most stores "accept bitcoin" through payment processors like BitPay or Coinbase, that convert the bitcoins to dollars and send dollars to the store's bank account.  The websites of those companies explain how to register for that service.
The main cost to the store will probably be training the cashiers to accept payments "in bitcoin", and perhaps [providing a tablet]( at the points of sale.  The main benefit to the store would be a few extra customers who prefer stores that "accept bitcoin".  
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:49:19
I though that was referring to problems that new tech creates for lawmakers.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:02:23
MtGOX claimed to have more than a million users, but when its database was leaked it was fount to have only 70'000 active accounts, even with a very generous definition of "active".  
Blockchain.info charts show amost 4900 new wallets created every day, now at 2.7 million.  But a recent Reuters article claims that most of those wallets are empty.
So, I would not put much faith in Coinbase's "1.9 million users".
Back in mid-September there were less than 650'000 blockchain addresses with 0.1 BTC (50$ at the time) in them.  This may be a more realistic upper bound on the number of bitcoin users.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:57:54
What is the legal term for "beware, the original poster may have been trolling"?
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:59:23
Do they double your money, or double the time?
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:58:06
The problem is trusting the equipment and software.  E.g. if the "receipt" cannot prove how you voted, then (a) how can you know that your vote was not changed before computing the encrypted receipt, and (b) if you detect an error, how do you prove to the authorities that your vote was changed?
Schemes that depend on cryptographic verification of the total by individual voters do not seem to be practical, necessary, or useful.  Fraud is a serious risk only between the casting of the vote and the counting of the ballots.  The most important and effective security measure is to have paper ballots (only, or in addition to digital capture), to count the votes in each section (manually or by scanner) immediately after the voting ends, and to keep the ballot box (or the printed-vote box) under many adversary eyes until that time.
Fraud in the totalization of the partial counts is trivial to spot because those partial counts (unlike the votes) are public.
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:20:07
Oops! Stupid of me.  It should have been from 2013-04-09 to **2015-01-04** (~20 months, day avg prices): +12.5%
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:56:47
Defense and accusation bring their experts to testify.  The jury decides which is more credible.  How would that system be "improved"?
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:25:15
People who use tumbling services are automatically flagged yellow on someone's screen.  Your stolen coins may be mixed with coins from child porn, tax evasion, scams, terrorist salaries, … 
The tumbling service may be operated by the police, or may  be cooperating with them, or may have been hacked and is being monitored by them.
In these cases, the police do not need to trace the coins through the maze; they know which inputs to the tumbler went to which outputs
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:11:56
3D printed guns are no different legally than guns made at home with traditional tools. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 09:12:20


Not really. Once the 1 M shares of the ETF are sold, their 200 kBTC will be owned by the fund (indirectly, by the people buying the fund shares) and the Winkles would have the dollars.  Thereafter, if the BTC price were to crash to zero, they would not lose anything; the fund share owners would take the entire loss.
@_date: 2015-01-09 01:53:04
Leap seconds are one of the most incredibly stupid ideas that Mankind has ever conceived.  If the UK won't let us get rid of leap seconds, could we get rid of the UK, please?
@_date: 2015-01-25 21:50:28
No, I am just curious about how that weird story ended.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:24:05


Actually they must do some paperwork in order to transfer the shares to their brokers, and those investors who sold today may have been just the first ones to complete it.
@_date: 2015-05-15 12:39:18
I doubt it, because  don't see enough interest in that to justify the expense.  
Banks, credit cards, Western Union, and their likes can do the math, and have no reason to worry.  On the other hand, bitcoin enterprises desperately need that kind of marketing to succeed.  Their managers would be irresponsible if they did not spend millions in it.  (Consider BitPay's sponsoring of the St. Petersburg bow, for example.  Or the slots on Bloomberg.)
@_date: 2017-02-21 11:06:40


Not really.  I deplore the hijacking of the bitcoin experiment as a pyramid investment schema, and as a currency of crime.  The block size limit has no impact on either. 
The ''modus operandi'' of the investment pyramid peddlers is to convince their marks that the price "may" be a million dollars in some unspecified but not too distant future; and that "prediction" is based on the 21 M issuance limit.  Their marks generally have no understanding of the block size issue,the "fee market' theory, the "layer 2" project, or even that there is a dispute about those things.
The criminal use of crypto will not be affected by the "fee market' either.  People buying drugs through the internet are already paying a bazillion % over the true cost of the merchandise.  They will not care about paying $10 fee and waiting an extra day to purchase $50 of weed that actually cost $0.05 to grow.  Ditto for most other illegal uses.  Just check the outrageous premiums that those users are willing to pay at bitcoin ATMs and Localbitcoin trades. 
While illegal payments must already be the majority of the bitcoin payments (= bitcoins changing owner), payments are probably still only 10% or less of all blockchain traffic; the rest being coins shuffled between addresses that belong to the same owner, for many reasons.  So, the "fee market" and its rising fees would drive legitimate users away, but not the criminals.  If the illegal payments themselves start to be constrained by the 1 MB limit, they will just switch to other cryptos like Monero, Dash, ZCash, etc.
I object about the fee market because its a gross *techncal* blunder, that (like the "full but non-mining relay nodes") ruin what was an interesting *experiment* in distributed systems technology.  
The design had some fatal flaws,  like the inevitable concentration of mining, the instability of the price, and its excessive transaction cost; some which have no known solution yet, even in theory. Strictly speaking, those flaws mean that the project already failed.  But those flaws do not directly interfere with its working, as seen by the users.  The "fee market", on the other hand, destroys its already limited usability, and renders it pointless -- even as a technical experiment.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:17:22
[**Original post of this thread**]( claims that Paycoin is a clone of Peercoin that violates its licensing terms:


[**GawMiners: You are in violation of the MIT license for your use of Peercoin Developer code in Paycoin.**](
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:56:39
The guy who invented glitter bombs will surely bump [**Judas Iscariot from his place in Hell**](  Hope he gets there soon. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 21:16:42
Just a random guess: they may announce a dollar-in, dollar-out e-payment service (i.e., a competitor to PayPal), ostensibly going through bitcoins (but not really).
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:43:44
Bitcoin is a technical experiment started by a computer scientist, that libertarians discovered and turned into a weapon against governments, but which then others made into a way to buy illegal things in the dark web, and others still claimed it could replace credit cards, while those guys over there tried to sell it as hedge against the apocalypse, and then some guys thought it could be a backing asset for investment funds and other derivatives, while other guys marketed it as a get-rich-without-sweat schema, and somebody else made it into a tool for illegal online gambling, and those other fellows over there eagerly adopted it as the ideal commodity for day-trading, notwithstanding that criminals settled on it for ransomwares and ponzis and hiring murderers, and now some devs, seeing that it is failing at all those things and the price is crumbling, are desperately trying to make it into the handle of some distributed 1000-blade Swiss army knife.  Keep calm, it will work. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:01:54
I suspect that the merchant will think, "poor bitcoiners, they are desperate to unload their coins"...
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:07:52
Yes, and the obvious advice above applies to any business, not just bitcoin.
With bitcoin you must also worry about the security of your keys.  There are some scams that depend on specific properties of bitcoin, e.g. a website that will generate vanity addresses for you, or the "sorry folks, a hacker invaded our system and stole all your bitcoins"
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:58:16
Well, I hope you will indeed be more careful in the future.  In case you haven noticed, frauds and scams are almost the norm in the "bitcoin ecosystem".  
In that post you say


Well, it has not been true so far, and there is no reason to believe that it will be true anytime in the future.
In the new article you claim that bitcoin is "disruptive"; but, so far, it has not had any significant impact in any legal branch of the economy.
You also claim there that bitcoin was "described in glowing terms" by Bill Gates.  In fact he was positive only about the general idea, but he did not see bitcoin as a viable e-payment system. 
As for the Fortress Group, they invested in bitcoin in 2013, but by mid-2014 the had swapped the bitcoins for equity in the company that manages Pantera's  fund.  
And that seems to be a pattern: of all the VC investment in 2014, almost none (possibly none at all) has been invested in bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:18:07
The blockchain already has more bits than the human genome.  You cannot fit it into a viral DNA.&lt;/troll&gt;
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:37:33
So, the robber who takes your money for his own profit, without caring whether you have enough left to live, and who may kill you even if you pay --- he is better than the government who takes 30% of your earnings to pay for services that you benefit from, and *may* send you to prison for a few years if you try to cheat in a major way.  
You cannot get more brain-dead than this.  
@_date: 2015-01-08 15:40:23
Of course they were, he was trying to help his good friend and neighbor Mark.  Mark's customers could run a little risk for his sake, couldn't they?
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:04:06
I believe a coalition of miners who have 51% of the hashing power could force all other players to accept any change to the protocol that does not hurt them too much.  In particular, that coalition could add to the protocol a table of exceptions, that allows certain transactions to be accepted even without a valid signature. 
Basically, an entity that can impunely jam some process can force the users of that process to accept any change to it that is less harmful to them than the jamming itself.   In the case of bitcoin, a miner's coalition with 51% of the hashing power can block all transactions in the current chain, and thus force users to upgrade to a fork using their modified protocol.
However, some people do not seem to like my conclusion very much... 
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:09:27
Wikipedia is not a free advertisement or press release site.  A Wikipedia article should **not** be edited by people who have a financial interest in its topic. 
@_date: 2015-01-06 08:50:53


You can see that here:
[Activity in the presumed BitPay wallet](
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:20:24
The price is **still** being set by the Chinese short-term speculators.  They couldn't care less about what those ex-hippies and ex-yuppies are voting in California.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:33:38
His son ~~Alan~~ Adam is enthusiastic about bitcoin and has a startup that helps bitcoin startups.  
@_date: 2015-01-19 09:54:53
Money-motivated criminals usually assume that they will never get caught.  If they were to put "20 years in jail" into the equation, the expected gain would come out as negative.
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:18:37
That may work for detecting intermittent backdoors that are installed in *all* devices of some specific brand and model.  It does not detect such backdoors installed only in one or a few individual devices.
Moreover, it is difficult to design massive audits that will not let the malicious device detect that it is being audited.  For example, the device can be programmed to behave normally if it gets several master key generation commands in a short time.
@_date: 2015-05-17 21:37:40


Yes, but when the government does that, it is supposed to use the wealth that it is taking form their citizens for their own benefit.  It is just another tax.  (Whether that is an effective way to provide those benefits, or a good kind of tax, are separate questions.  Libertarians, conservatives, socialists wil have very different views on that).  


Then why should one get upset when someone steal one's car or cleans one's bank account?  The thieves will buy lots of cool things and the people selling those things will make profit. Win WIN....?
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:34:20
[This site]( tries to group blockchain addresses into presumed wallets and identify some of them.  It may list some wallets of some exchanges, but depending on how they are organized internally it may be impossible to identify all their wallets.
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:36:41
No one knows what the price of BIt shares (GBTC) will settle once trading begins.  
On the exchanges, it is very common to see huge bids and asks disappear as soon as the trading price gets near them.  Could that happen on OTCQX too?  Namely, is it possible that the 50'000 shares bid will be withdrawn if the higher bids, each for 100 shares (10 BTC), are taken too fast?
Is there anything that prevents simulated trades on OTCQX, namely a party selling to itself at an inflated price, to pump the stock?  I understand that it is a very risky move in general, because someone else could fill the fake bid and make a fat profit at the pumper's expense; but maybe it could work in these peculiar circumstances, exploiting the delays that are hampering other shareholders?
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:14:33


I am not ~~Dorian~~ James but [Jorge](
@_date: 2015-05-04 00:54:57
After the fork, will every transaction request continue to be accepted by both versions? 
Or will the transaction requests too be tagged/modified in such a way that, after the fork, only transaction requests issued by the new software will be accepted by the new software, and only those issued by the old software will be accepted by the old software?
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:57:43
The point is, if he got 23.15 $ in bitcoin donations, and 2'315'000.00 $ from banks, he may have changed his mind about bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:57:07
Brock Pierce is pumping PayCoin?  What happened to his RealCoin?
@_date: 2016-01-05 18:38:25
Does SourceForge keep the full history of the edits?
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:40:44
You don't need much of an expert to realize that you must trust the manufacturer (and every person in the shipping chain from them to your hands); and trust the firmware every time you reload it.  (Yeah, I know, it is open source and all that. Like the Blockchain.info javascript code.) 
With a backdoor in the hardware and/or malicious firmware, your keys may be easy to guess or may be leaked through the signatures, the PIN may be bypassed or leaked, the device and plugin conspire to send your coins to the thief's address, and more.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:39:31
The hard part is finding people who are willing to pay for your work.  It is hard because the buyers must (1) know that it exists, (2) wish to own it more than they wish to own something else, (3) have the money to buy it, (4) have the time to buy it, (5) trust you.  
Where does bitcoin help with that?  Telling the buyer that you also accept bitcoin will even harm item (5), as Mozilla found out.
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:44:07
Is there evidence that clearly points to an RNG attack?  
There are some variants of that attack that could be detected after the fact (e.g. by inspecting the code, by finding repeated R-values, etc.).  However, some variants may be impossible to distinguish from theft or deliberate leaking of the private keys, or from straight embezzling by the key holders.
@_date: 2015-01-04 09:51:55
Bitcoin must be a dirty word in the Greek half of Cyprus now.  Wouldn't that "aura" spill to Greece too?
@_date: 2015-01-03 09:26:35
OK.  Well, in the first case the courts judged that those clauses were illegal, hence null, because they contradicted the consumer protection laws. Although those laws were probably very vague, so the courts basically made a bit of law on the spot to fill the gap.  That happens pretty often.  Those "laws" made by the courts ("precedents" or "jurisprudence") then stay in force until when and if the lawmakers (Congress, State capitols) make real laws for the issue.
In the second case, if the laws forbid certain actions, then those actions are illegal.  That is just the meaning of the word "illegal".  Perhaps you meant to say "immoral" or "harmful"?
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:12:59
Who said that they did not have it before the hack?
@_date: 2015-01-31 10:29:05
There will be scams as long as scammers are allowed to keep even some percentage of their catch.  
@_date: 2015-01-03 03:50:01
At least move them to another subreddit? Could someone create or something?
Some posts contain substantial non-trivial information, e.g. a list of all GAW failures and evidence that GAW is a scam.
EDIT: I see that there is an already.  If it is moderated by a GAW person, it won't do.  Perhaps a @_date: 2015-01-11 07:54:29
You mean "unseizable" as in "Ross Ulbrich's bitcoins were thought to be unseizable"?
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:50:09
The Coinbase guys have not given a satisfactory answer yet.  If things happened as the OP described, it seems to be a bug.  Even if it hits only once every 1000 trades, it is a very serious matter: who knows how much it could "eat" next time.  
I really cannot understand why someone would downvote this.   Works for Coinbase, or loves losing money?
@_date: 2015-01-26 16:41:34
The text on their site says 
"Coinbase is insured against employee theft and hacking in an amount that exceeds the average value of **online** bitcoin it holds at any given time."
I.e. their cold wallet is not insured.
"Customer funds stored in Coinbase USD Wallets are held with an FDIC-insured financial institution." 
I.e. if the bank goes kaputt, Coinbase gets up to 250 k USD from the FDIC.  If Coinbase somehow loses the clients's USD, clients get to sit and cry.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:52:11
I saw all that, but those are not real problems that need to be solved.  They are just *some* of the limitations that prevent bitcoin from achieving the goal that it was expected to achieve until six months ago (which were not Satoshi's goals anyway), and which the authors *hope* may be fixed by those sidechains.  
Before going that way, the authors should have described a concrete goal (e.g. "an extensible system for assignment and p2p transmission of arbitrary tokens without trusted 3rd parties") and then try to argue that the best solution would be to hang variants of the bitcoin protocol to the bitcoin network.  But I did not see any of that, and I strongly suspect that the best solution would be a system designed from scratch, that, at best, could include bitcoin among other coins and services.
@_date: 2015-01-09 04:58:19
Article, as usual, is biased towards the company.  Makes them look like victims, when the [court documents]( show a completely different picture.  (The attachments are linked to in the "Document column in the section "Documents")
The judge only considered that a takeover by the FTC was not the best way to redress the victims (which is what the FTC wanted to do). The company still has to report at regular intervals to the judge about their progress in complying with consumer rights.  The equipment that they are shipping is now useless.
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:30:06
Perhaps those tiny orders are just "feelers" that some trader uses to find out the current price and how it is moving.  That is hard to tell if there is a wide spread with sizable orders at both ends.
@_date: 2015-01-26 11:59:40


Bitcoin is a dirty word in the Greek-speaking half of Cyprus, thanks to Neo &amp; Bee.  I wonder if that image has spilled over to Greece too?
@_date: 2015-01-03 16:35:17
I explained above why bitcoin is much, much better than cash (or any other form of payment) for all sorts of criminal activities.
For legal payments, on the other hand, bitcoin is not significantly better than other forms of payment.  Cash and cards are still more convenient for in-person shopping.  Paypal and bank transfers are more convenient for internet shopping.  Western Union is more convenient for worker remittances to poor countries.  Then there are all the security problems and lack of consumer protection.  It is hard to point to a legal niche where bitcoin is clearly superior to alternatives -- except for ideological reasons.
@_date: 2015-01-28 00:05:52
Very spartan and tidy... 
Not even a coffee mug? How can they work in those conditions? 
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:46:55
Does he have any business/legal history before GAW?
After Danny "Neo&amp;Bee" Brewster fled from Cyprus with other people' s money, its was discovered that he had previously scammed dozens (hundreds?) of people in the UK with a non-existent music festival.  This information could have been discovered easily with Google...
@_date: 2015-01-30 21:36:28
Trezor is supposed to be secure agaings malware running in the host computer.  The private keys never leave the device.  The recovery passphrase and PIN are entered in such a way (using the device's buttons and display) that the host computer cannot capture them.
A Raspberry Pi can be just as safe as a Trezor only if its OS and software is radically trimmed and carefully filtered to avoid malware.   I don't know how much you can go in that direction with Linux.  Perhaps with some other OS, like MNIX?
On the other hand, with a Trezor you must trust the manufacturer (and their employees) when buying and whenever you download a new version of the firmware.  
@_date: 2015-01-01 22:16:01
I cannot dispute about the 2011 bubble, I wasn' t even aware of bitcoin at the time.
The November 2013 bubble was unquestionably created by the Chinese demand.  there are many clues that support that, from the dates the Chinese exchanges opened and their volumes, to the spread between the Chinese and non-Chinese prices during the rally, to the fact that the price has reacted only to Chinese events since that bubble.  And there are [ground reports]( from China that tell who are those Chinese investors and explain the size of that demand. (But you will not find that information in the bitcoin media; the fact that the price is now determined by the mood of those Chinese speculators is totally taboo for them.)
I am less sure about the April 2013 bubble; and I have no opinion on the October/2013 mini-bubble, it may have indeed have been generated outside China.
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:15:16
Is it still possible to liquidate shares of SecondMarket's BIT fund after 6 months of their purchase?
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:06:50
As P. T. Barnum said ...
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:01:09
My guess is that all those coins were sold in China in October-November 2013 to thousands of Chinese short-term speculators, and, since 2014-02, they have been gradually dumping them and taking their money out of the market.
@_date: 2015-05-19 15:43:25
Well, it seems that I am failing to get the point across.  *It makes no sense to expect that my wifi router will earn the cost of its operation. It makes no sense for my water heater to keep for itself whatever it earns by mining.* If they are my devices, anything they earn is *mine*, not theirs, and *I* am supposed to pay for their cost, not *them*, according to *my* wishes, independently of whether they are profitable or not.  So, *it makes no sense to attach a miner (or any other revenue-making gadget) to a device to generate money for it, or make each device into an autonomous financial unit.*
@_date: 2015-05-30 11:56:06
It was a bit more than "2 dudes".  From the comments of the thread, I would guess 100 at most.  But only a few of them used scripts to issue thousands of transactions; many apparently issued only a few transactions manually.
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:17:18
When people say they are storing contracts and such in the blockchain, they mean that they compute a hash of the file and store the hash in the blockchain.  Anyone who gets a copy of the file can then recompute the hash, and be almost absolutely certain that the document is the same that was hashed at that time.
So, one can secure an entire library this way, by inserting only a couple hundred bytes of data in the blockchain.
One can build a public list of hashes of thousands of individual documents, and embed a single hash of that list in the blockchain.  Then anyone with access to one document can verify its authenticicty, without having to see the other documents.
So, a notarizing company need not put more than 1 transaction per block.  That would cost them 144*N satoshis, where N is the smallest transaction amount (outputs + fees) that can be reliably accepted by the system.  If the clients are not in a big hurry, the company could insert only 1 hash per day or so.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:15:45
In my country at least, the legal definition of fraud includes "in order to obtain some personal gain" or words to that effect.  (it does not have to be monetary gain explicitly.  For example if you cheat on a school exam, or try to foil the steroid test in an athletic event, that is definitely fraud.) So those examples would not be fraud.  (Unless you are a salesman at a pants store, maybe. 8-)
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:28:28
If Factom only *uses* the bitcoin network, and does not reward the miners, then it depends on bitcoin's success, but will not contribute to it, much less ensure it.
@_date: 2015-01-05 03:17:29
Not easy to tell.  In the Chinese exchanges, for example, most of the volume seems to be generated by robots that trade on very small differences, perhaps buying and selling the same amounts hundreds of times per day.
Sometimes one sees large trades; all of their coins must be distinct, so the largest trade in the day is a lower bound.  There was a memorable example of a 30'000 sell offer on Bitstamp, on 2014-10-05 or thereabouts, that held the price at 300 $/BTC for hours, being "eaten" little by little, until it was all gone.
@_date: 2015-01-03 15:24:16
The price is still defined mainly by Chinese day-traders, and I believe that they have been gradually losing interest, dumping all their coins, and leaving the market, since Feb/2014.
There were some modest recoveries at the end of May/2014 and in Nov/2014.  I still can't figure out whether they were due to China or not.  
If nothing new happens, the price should continue falling, at a slower and slower pace, tending to some "true bottom".
If something does happen (e.g. the COIN ETF is approved, or the some important country bans bitcoin), who knows what the price would do.
@_date: 2015-01-03 10:57:05
It seems "free" only because the people who are still *buying* bitcoins give more that 1 million dollars per day to the miners.  If the bitcoin network had to be supported by those who *use* bitcoin, each transaction would have to include a 13 dollar fee.
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:57:33


@_date: 2015-01-12 21:17:57
Electronic voting with voter-verified paper trail (VVPT), such as optical scanning or digital boxes that print the vote.  (And an inkwell to mark the finger of those who voted.) 
The important detail is that there must be some piece of paper that the voter has verified and approved, and that the machine cannot change after that.
The paper must  be deposited into an ordinary ballot box that it kept under several eyes through the voting day.  The votes must be counted on the spot with plenty of witnesses.
That way, the digital and manual counts certify each other, discouraging both old-fashioned physical fraud and digital election-wide fraud by software.  Most importantly, everybody understands how the system works, so even the losers will trust the result.  (And the only purpose of an election is to convince the losers that they do not have enough support.)
@_date: 2015-01-25 17:35:26
Well, one obvious way they would spend several million dollar on is advertising and marketing, not just for them but for bitcoin.  Like native ads in newspapers...
@_date: 2015-01-11 02:12:08
Too bad that transmission was interrupted just when they were about to send us the fast address-to-key algorithm that was discovered in 2026 by a kid playing with an old abacus.
@_date: 2015-01-26 12:03:44
Other exchanges have been complaining that Lunar is not "the first regulated bitcoin exchanged in the US."   Is that claim legit?
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:15:17


I agree with the first part, but not the second.  What makes [1]--[5] a concern is that bitcoin is also fast, anonymous, transnational, irreversible, and outside the reach of national law.  It is debatable whether the good uses of such a tool are worth the damage created by the bad uses.  The conclusion will vary with political tastes and moral values
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:17:48
An air gapped PC can still have a malicious wallet software in it, just as a Trezor can have malicious firmware.  Malicious software could, for example, generate keys that look random but are easy to guess, or leak your private keys through the transaction signature.
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:20:31
How will that service pay the miners?
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:23:12
Metaphors are like elephants.
@_date: 2015-01-05 14:46:04


You mean the Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 10:03:29
Nothing exceptional there.  Most merchants that "accept bitcoin", especially the large ones, do the same.  Besides the risk of losing money (price just dropped another 5$ just now), if they really accepted BTC they would have to do more complicated accounting, train their staff to handle it, and spend some time and money to secure it against theft, embezzlement, etc..
Overstock was one of the few companies that actually accepted bitcoin, apparently because the CEO clashed with the Wall Street finance mafia some time ago.  However, their bitcoin holdings have been embarassing red stains on their quarterly financial reports.  If the price continues to drop, they will be forced to dump those coins. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 11:32:59
When the block reward halves, the network will have to either shrink, or require higher transaction fees.  If it happened today, they would have to charge 7 $ per transaction to keep the current network.  But if they they started demanding fees, the blockchain traffic will probably shrink to 1/10 of the present value, so that fee would have to be 70 $/tx.  Obviously they could not do that, so instead the network would have to shrink.
Even a fee of 1 $/tx would make it uneconomical for payments below 30 $.  
One thing that keeps me skeptic is that the bitcoin gurus do not seem to have self-consistent quantitative prediction for the economy, even for 2016: how much e-payment use there will be, what would be the fees, how much hashpower there will be, etc.  
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:32:30


My guess is that they were taken illegally from client accounts, withdrawn from MtGOX, and sold in China, mostly during the Nov/2013 bubble.
@_date: 2015-01-03 15:06:05
Apart from the question of whether the CFTC has jurisdiction, is guaranteeing a repurchase at a fixed minimum price "manipulative pricing"?  
Promising such a repurchase and not honoring it, on the other hand, must be on page 1 of CFTC's handbook...
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:44:55
One could also claim that there is a lot of **dis**investment goin on quietly.  But it is hard to tell, of course.
Even secret investments should have an effect on price.  If a rich investor believes that the price will be 1500 $/BTC by the end of the year, he should want to buy even at 500 $/BTC.  Then brokers would buy retail on exchanges up to 450 $/BTC (say) to sell to that guy wholesale for 500.  But since the price is at 270, we must conclude that such a rich optimistic buyer does not exist.
@_date: 2015-01-23 05:56:12
That geminiex site (which is NOT the Winkle's exchange) promises "less restrictive verification".  Hmm...
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:14:33
Er, hm, ... 
@_date: 2015-01-11 16:38:45
Early adopter coins are not necessarily coins that have not moved in a long time.  The owners may move the coins for a variety of reasons.
[**This chart**](  shows that about 4 million 'bitcoin-days' are destroyed each day, considering coins that have been domant for one year.  It could be people moving 11'000 BTC that were last moved one year ago, or 5500 BTC that were last moved 2 years ago, or 3600 BTC that were moved 3 years ago, etc.; or (almost certainly) a mix of coins of all ages.
Anyway, it is quite possible that a couple thousand old "cheap" coins (bought before Nov/2013) are being sold each day.  That would be significant compared to the miners' output (3600 BTC/day)  If that is the case, the people buying those coins today are giving at least 200'000 US$/day to those "early adopters".
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:46:50
As a general rule, people who hate "fiat", avoid banks, or spend money in *businesses* that do not promise return will not get to make much money in life.   
Tim Draper must have spent about 20 million buying 32'000 BTC at the USMS auctions.  Most of that BTC was probably bought at ~600 $/BTC or higher; which means he lost ~10 million because of bitcoin.  So, while he must make positive noises (e.g. about Russians exchanging rubles for bitcoins) to help push the price up, deep inside he must be quite pissed off with bitcoin, especially for exposing his bad bisiness decision to the public.
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:29:02


I thought that we statist banker spook shills were supposed to leave that task to those key members themselves.  How could we beat them at it?
@_date: 2015-01-27 11:57:48
The Chinese were responsible for the Nov/2013 bubble, and perhaps also for the Apr/2013 bubble.  Without them the price would probably be still below 100 $/BTC, and most of the current "infrastructure" would not exist.  
The Chinese have been pulling out since Dec/2013, and that is the main reason for the downward trend since then.   They are still responsible for much of the current price, perhaps 100 or 150 of the current 250 $/BTC.
Even if they were to pull out completely (which they may do, eventually), and if all Chinese miners were to shut down (which they probably won't), the miners elsewhere would continue to "print" ~3600 BTC every day, which would find their way to the markets, all the same, and woudl require constant flow of new money just to keep the price stable -- to the tune fo 500'000 USD/day or more, depending on the BTC price.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:30:25
Because it is too risky.  A malicious customer could issue a second transaction that takes his coins away from their current address, and the network may process this second order before the payment transaction.  The latter would be rejected as an attempted double-spend, but that news could take 10 min or more to reach the merchant.  By that time the customer may have driven away with the goods.
AFAIK, Bitpay and other payment processors try to avoid the wait for for confirmation by monitoring the payment transaction's spread through the bitcoin network.  As soon as Bitpay sees that it has reached enough nodes, it bets that the transction will go trough and considers it confirmed.  But is is not something that a typical merchant can do on its own.
@_date: 2017-02-20 19:44:31
No need to repeat your bogus arguments on every thread.  See the answer in the other thread.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:24:11
Well, that is what I don't agree.  I bet that most bitcoiners, especially the largest players, would care about their money more than about the ideology, and that will determine their choice between war and submission.
Note that several if not all of the big miners are in the Bitcoin Foundation (KnC is one of the top-tier members, IIRC), that the Chinese see bitcoin only as a gambling token, ...
But that belief comes from my views of human nature, I have no arguments that can convice others to share them...
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:51:53


If the change output is a new address, how does it know that it is change?  **We** can tell that because it is a long chain of similar transactions.  The chart software will not do such analysis.


And you go back to mine. Sheesh.
@_date: 2015-01-26 04:00:25
I suppose that the obstacle is getting their CNY converted to USD.  Then they can do anything with their money.
Buying stock of foreign companies is something that the Chinese government must smile at.  Buying bitcoin funds?  I would not do it myself...
@_date: 2015-05-07 00:54:08
It may be the first fine against a regular crypto exchange.  However, a month or so ago, Burt Wargner ( on bitcointalk) was arrested and fined because of his local bitcoin trading, on charges of operating a money service without license.  There may have been earlier cases of the same.
@_date: 2015-05-02 04:41:39


But block A was mined by the cartel, and block B was mined by an honest miner who was trying to ignore the cartel...


That may be the case if what the cartel wants to do is to rewind the blockchain after several confirmations; and, even then, there is no point in keeping its blocks secret and releasing them all at once.  Note that a client can be offline for a while and only fetch the blockchain after the cartel has posted all its blocks on nodes that it controls.  How can the client tell that the longer blockchain that it sees is the bad one? Timestamps in the blocks can be faked and the relay nodes may be controlled by the cartel and lie about the times of arrival...
But rewinding the chain is only one of the things that a majority cartel can do.  If it wants to starve some miner (or all the other miners), it just ignores any block that the guy puts out and keeps mining his version of the same block.  As soon as the cartel mines the second block, the other miner's will be orphaned, even if it was found earlier


It will be ignored *by you and your miner buddies*, but since you are a minority, your chain will be shorter, will grow more slowly, and will be ignored by the other nodes and clients -- who do not know you, do not have any reason to trust you more than the other miners, and can only bet on the chain that has more work in it.  You and your honest buddies will not be "all the world". 
Moreover, note that when you see a suspicious block, the most you can do is blacklist one IP and one coinbase payout address.  When another block comes up with a different IP and address, you will not know whether it is an accomplice of the first miner, or even the same miner who just changed that data.


The bitcoin protocol is meant to be a solution to the problem of building a system for person-to-person payments via the internet **without a central trusted authority or trusted third parites**.  If you change the protocol to introduce a central authority or trusted third parties, then the protocol becomes worthless; because, with a central authority, one can build a system that does the same thing that bitcoin does, **much** faster, **much** cheaper, and **much** more realiably.


@_date: 2015-05-05 02:12:03
Check [**the GBTC/BIT thread on bitcointalk**](  There are some BIT investors posting there.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:16:19


Sure, but since the beginning I was considering the case that the attacker is already a miner with 30% of the hashpower.  He does not have to buy any extra equipment; he is already collecting 30% of all fees, and will collect 30% of the extra fees that he is paying, with the same equipment.
@_date: 2015-05-12 16:01:33
Why are people assuming that the OP is worried about chargeback?
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:43:45
Whom was he trying to help when he made that video?   The MtGOX customers, or Mark?
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:53:31
No, fortunately that was too obviously a scam.  Its product was access cards for some shitty telephone service, useless for anyone with a PC and internet connection.  Only really naive people would think that it was worth anything.  But, as in any MLM schema, in order to really make money you had to convince other people to become TelexFree Representatives, and then you got some percentage of their hefty entrance fee.
(But in my 20s I was talked into starting a private pension plan with a reputable company, that eventually evaporated after taking a few years worth of monthly contributions…)
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:06:12
What was the loss of purchasing power over the last yoear of (1) the Argentinian peso, (2) the Venezuelan bolivar, (3) the US dollar, (4) bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-01-12 08:36:25
Not one, sorry.  Several of the top bitcoin experts and community leaders are obviously unethical salesmen, if not outright scammers and criminals.  Since the others do not seem to be bothered by their company, and will not speak out against obvious scams, I must suspect that they are no good, either.
@_date: 2014-11-16 20:33:08
"Bit" is already taken for several important concepts, that will outlast bitcoin for centuries.  Do you have to overload the word with yet another meaning? Can't you bitcoiners be more creative than that?
Not to mention the confusions, "a 1 bitcoin coin is a coin worth a million bits, which holds a private key of 256 bits..."
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:53:42
A week after Danny Brewster ran away and all Neo &amp; Bee employees had left with the last salary unpaid, there were still shareholders swearing on the forums that they had flown to Cyprus and saw with their own eyes the firm working as usual.  So people should ignore those silly rumors spread by the Cypriot police, and just keep buying those cheap Neo &amp; Bee shares that were still being offered for sale at Havelock. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:55:34
Those blocks would not be included in the majority blockchain, so the customer could spend the same bitcoins elsewhere, and Target would not be able to spend them anywhere.
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:34:30
Because many people still choose bitcoin for certain payments because they think it is anonymous.  No one would think that of other forms of payment.
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:30:29
A couple of people I talked to said that they stopped caring when they learned that it has no backing assets, pays no dividends, and comes with no guarantees.  They concluded that it is just a scam. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:25:36


But that is not a requirement of sidechains, is it? The motivation for sidechains was to allow other businesses  and networks to "use" bitcoins in different ways, without going through the blockchain.  How the sidechains manage those bitcoins is their problem, and  the bitcoin community has no control over that.  Indeed, IIRC, centrally managed "sidechains" were explicitly considered as a way to implement micropayments, secure instantaneous payments, chargebacks, etc..
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:19:00
It is apparently some kind of daily average of the Coinbase price, updated once a day at 16:00:00 UTC, weekdays only. 
Very useful, for what I cannot say.
@_date: 2015-05-09 19:53:47
As a currency: it has very limited use. Optimistically, 500'000 users in the whole world, that use it for 5 million USD/day of legal e-payments. That use is not growing, and anecdtal reports say that it is diminishing.  Most of that use has been by bitcoin investors who want to show support for it, not by people who find it actually useful.  This level of use does not justify its price nor the 600+ million of VC inestment. (Revenue from that usage would be at most 30 million dollars per year.)   Price volatility is one of the main obstacles to that use. Volatility comes from the fact that the price is speculative, which comes from its pretense of being a store of value and a profitable investment.
As a store of value: it has failed terribly in the last 15 months, bringing big losses and much grief to many people who believed that claim.  Unlike a private or Treasury bond, there is no one who is bound to return at some future time the value that was invested in it.  The future value is supposed to come from its demand as a means of e-payment; but it cannot become that if everybody hoards it.  There is no solid argument that says that it will be worth anything 2 years from now, much less that it will retain its current price.  The current state of the bitcoin economy is quite unlike the past, so the fact that it has survived for 6 years does not say much about its chances of surviving for the next 6.  If anything, the past history of the price shows that it can lose 90% of its value, unpredictably, in the couse fo a few months; and no one can explain why that happened, nor why it recovered.  
As a profitabe investment: The bitcoin system itself generates no wealth directly.  A bitcoin pays no dividends and does not stand for any assets.  The system consumes an absurd amount of energy, that is paid by unwary BTC investors (people who buy BTC to hold).  Its contribution to mankind's wealth is supposed to be the service that it provides as facilitator of commerce.  However, as said above, that service is currently worth less than 30 M$ per year; whereas the BTC investors are putting in at least 300 M$ per year that go to the miners, and some hundreds of M$ per year more that go to earlier investors who are divesting, pyramid-style.  There is no analyisys that authorize the claim that those millions will one day come back to those investors, except if one assumes that there will be more new investors in the future who will be willing to put even more money into the system, with no better assurances of return.
In summary, bitcoin is failing at its original goal, as well as the two others that were tacked onto it; and the speculators, hoarders, and entrepreneurs who are pursuing these two spurious goals are the main obstacle for the original one.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:57:20
Conspiracy for conspiracy: it is a trick to induce everybody to accept the IoT, so that the NSA can keep track of when you brush your teeth and whether you like your scotch stirred or shaken.
@_date: 2015-05-28 18:19:04
I would also condense [1--5] as: being anonymous, delocalized, fast, and irreversible, bitcoin is much more helpful to criminals than to honest citizens.
Also, bitcoin has no mechanism to correct mistakes, theft and fraud.
Also, bitcoin weakens the independence of countries, especially small and poor ones,
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:07:01
The price of a coin is defined, on the first level, by the day-traders at the exchanges.  On a second level, by the long-term holders, who may decide to sell, and new investors who want to increase their holdings.
For the day-traders, it does not matter at all whether the coin is controled by a central authority or not.  most of the day-traders are Chinese amateurs or semi-professionals who until 2013 were playing their game with other commodities; many don know what bitcoin is, all they now is that it has a price that goes up and down.  While their coins are in the exchanges, they can continue trading normally and will not have to choose between the two chains.  So the day-traders will prbably not care at all about the change.
The holders can only do two things, sell their coins before the programmed fork or keep holding them through the fork.  In either case, it is their interest to tell everybody they can that "the protocol change will not have any effect on the price; on the contrary, it will be good for bitcoin because it will ensure the health of the network" or whatever.  If they decide to sell, they should do so gradually to avoid a crash.  The price may drop, but day-traders and new investors who do not mind the change will still buy the coins, so it is unlikely to crash to zero.
The cartel miners will have to weight the risk of the coin losing value (because of loss of the "inviolability" aura) against their current financial situation.  If mining is unprofitable at the current price, they will lose nothing if thei fail to impose their change and maybe become profitable again if they succeed.
The non-cartel miners can choose between working on the old chain and starve to death, or working on the new chain and get their more revenue than they presently have (because of the change, and less competition from those miners who did not convert).  Their choice should be obvious.
@_date: 2015-01-25 04:25:47
Have  you considered just stealing the money from him and gambling it?  He may appreciate that just as much.
@_date: 2015-01-09 11:08:07
Moving, but why does the title say Paycoin?
(BTW, it is "whose" not "whos".)
@_date: 2015-01-26 16:46:15
The title is incomplete; the charges include


We'll see what evidence the prosecution brings up for that.  
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:25:36


I stopped watching right there.  
But "Never invest in a business that you can't understand" is a good rule: you should not invest in bitcoin if if you cannot understand that those companies are *not* accepting bitcoins at all. (In fact, given the option to accept bitcoins or dollars, they have opted to receive dollars, exclusively.)
@_date: 2015-01-09 08:56:56
I would love to use ATI but all computer systems are using UTC (or local time tied to UTC), with leap seconds or bugs.
And one cannot deal with leap seconds without a table that must be constantly updated. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 23:33:14
Bitcoins sit in "blockchain addresses"  that are like account numbers in a bank. To spend or move those bitcoins you need the "private key" of that account, which is basically a long password. 
Bitcoins differ from money in the bank, though, in that the "bitcoin bank" does not know the passwords to the accounts, and cannot move bitcoins without it --- because there is no "bitcoin bank".
The way you "open an account" to store bitcoins is: you run a program in your computer that spews an address (which you can trust no one has used before) and its private key.  You tell the address to other people so that they can send bitcoins to you.  You keep the private key secret, and use it only when you want to send those bitcoins to some other address.  
Your bitcoins can be stolen if someone else discovers the private key to the address where they are sitting.  There are many ways hackers and thieves can do that, too many to list here.  Any trick they can use to steal ordinary passwords from your computer or your pocket can be used for private keys.  There are a few extra tricks that are specific to bitcoin keys.  Once they get your private keys, they can immediately move your bitcoins to addresses of their own.  In fact, malware in your computer can do that by itself, without sending the keys to the thief.
Thieves can trick you into giving them the keys.  For example, you may run into a website that helps you find a "vanity address", that starts with letters of your choice, such as ' 1BigJoe91x..." instead of random letters and digits like "1x8PtzQ91x...".  Such a site can easily keep a copy of the private key. 
Thieves can also try to trick you into sending the bitcoins to their address instead of the address you intended.  Again there are many ways of doing this.
There are many companies that will keep your bitcoins for you, just as a bank can keep your cash, and promise to given them back whenever you ask. These include all exchanges, some payment processors like Coinbase, online bitcoin casinos, bitcoin investment funds, some merchants.  If such a company is dishonest or incompetent, you may never get your bitcoins back.  Try to leave as little bitcoins as possibe in them.
 
One thing to keep in mind is that there is no "bitcoin bank" that can reverse transactions that stole your coins.  Bitcoins that get stolen are almost never recovered, even though everybody can see where they went in the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:26:39
Folks, for your own good: before trusting your money and bitcoins to someone, take a few minutes to check his business history.  If the guy scammed someone once, keep away, no matter how tempting his promises may sound.
Also, pay no attention to what the guy says or writes on boards, websites, videos, etc..  The only thing that matters is the contract (or ToS).  Be sure to get a legally binding one, and read it critically, always thinking "how could the guy scam me and claim that he fulfileld this contract"?
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:20:11
There are many suspects besides Mark, although it is hard to believe that he would not be involved.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:26:40
That is comparing the sales *at SilkRoad* with the total blockchain traffic volume *in the world*.  And most of the latter is "fake" (coins moving without changing hands).  So SilkRoad may actually have been quite significant in the bitcoin economy and may have had significant effect on the price.
It would be interesting to see whether any of the previous bubbles correlates with increasing traffic at SilkRoad and other dark site webs, when criminals discovered that bitcoin allowed intenet payments without going through banks and the like.
@_date: 2015-05-27 12:40:08
Or is that Zero-proof knowledge?
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:25:21


It will not work if the Trezor hardware is malicious.  So, beware of buying from anyone other than SatoshiLabs or their authorized US reseller (who is sold out, I have read somewhere).
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:55:47
Or like the US government dropping the gold/silver backing of the dollar.  That would be suicide because the dollar would become worthless and everybody will stop using it, so the government would have no more revenue.  No, wait...
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:04:45


By that argument, there is also a finite amount of paper, so the printing of dollars bills will also eventually decline.
I repeat, gold deposits are hard to detect, so we do not  really know how much mineable gold there is.   Since the "peak oil" meme came up, shale oil became economical (perhaps) and huge sub-salt oil reserves have been discovered.    We have no idea of how much gold will be mined over the next 50 years.  It depends on the price of gold, for one thing.


Well, but I saw what is happening to bitcoin because it is claimed to be "deflationary".  It is just as the mainstream economists said:  because of the expectation of increasing value, people hoard it, which  makes its price shoot up, which causes even more hoarding, and so on.  Obviously that cannot go on forever, and it can only end with a humongous crash.
 Saving means postponing some of the consumption that one would be entitled to.  Hoarding currency is not the same thing as saving; it is just one particularly stupid form of saving, that is extremely risky for the individual, very bad for the currency, and bad for society because it essentially lends that money to anyone who happens to be holding some currency, whether he is a wealth producer or a consumer.  Investing in wealth-creating endeavors is a better way of saving, for all involved.  Putting money in a savings account also is not bad either, because the bank will loan that money to hopefully productive endeavors.
@_date: 2015-05-12 00:44:00
Now you can deposit 242 USD into Coinbase, click "pay with bitcoin" on some affiliated merchant's site, tell Coinbase that you want to send 1 BTC to the merchant, and Coinbase will send your 242 USD to the merchant's bank account.  
Can you see now why Coinbase got those umptundred umpty million of VC investment?
@_date: 2014-12-29 00:17:15
Today, the vast majority of people get their salaries and large payments as bank IOUs.  Few people want to be paid in cash, and few employers are prepared to pay in cash.  If you use a bank account now, I bet that you will use a bitcoin bank account when bitcoin is king.
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:25:43
I could not do that, but I could give a pitch for Obama: "The Bush family hates him". 8D
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:50:57
Thanks!  But that plot is so weird.  For instance, why was it jumping up and down between ~35'000 and ~125'000 in mid 2013?  Someone was operating a 90'000 cpu farm?  (Was he that prof who got sacked for using a govt supercomputer to mine BTC?)
What happened between 2014-03-15 and 2014-06-21 that caused the loss of ~93% of all nodes?
@_date: 2015-01-31 11:11:21
It won't change much in 100 years, unless there is a tremendous *social* revolution like the world has never seen in 10'000 years.  And no, decentralized cryptocurrencies will hardly make a dent in it.
@_date: 2015-01-09 11:46:40
That should be the obvious choice.  
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:51:53
Risto Pietilä did [**a tabulation of the accounts by balance**](  He considered "active" an account with at least 0.001 BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-25 17:32:55
Why do they use that symbol for Bitcoin?  Or is it a different  coin?
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:15:05
It is clear now that the bitcoin protocol inevitably causes mining to be centralized in a few large companies.  Today, the top 4 companies have at least 56% of the total hash power.  If they joined in a cartel, they would control the network and could force all users to change the protocol as it suits them.  That would negate the fundamental goal of bitcoin. There is no fix in sight for this flaw.
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:29:10
Charlie Lee of Coinbase replies to speculation about their offices:
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:13:52
If you want to know what to expect, sell them and but lottery tickets.
@_date: 2015-01-27 11:35:45
Hm, is the SEC happy with such wild claims -- possible 10'000% to 100'000% increase in the value of their would-be fund?
@_date: 2015-01-09 16:06:24
OK, but that prof presumably used independent mining nodes in each element of his supercomputer, hence he had the same number of relay nodes. So my wild guess remains? 8-)
As for the 93% drop: could it be that, when ASICs took over, all the CPU mining nodes just gave up, instead of continuing to work as relay nodes only?
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:00:49
Tell him to invest in lottery tickets.  At least, then he would be able to compute his odds of winning, and his expected loss.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:23:11
Someone posted the same claim somewhere else recently, but with some source quotes that said only "cryptography" in general (which is what the NSA was created to do!), not cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:48:58
"Invest" is to put some money into something, expecting it to yield some returns in the future that are worth more than what that money was worth.  No one would buy USD, EUR, etc with that expectation (except forex traders operating on a very short time scale).
That is different than "use as a currency", where you only need the currency to retain almost all its value between the time you accept it and the time you spend it (or invest it).  
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:40:26
+ Management loses private keys to addresses where customer coins are kept. (Mark claimed that he had lost 220'000 BTC this way but then found the "old-format" wallet with them.)
+ Exchange does not record deposits and withdrawals correctly in the clients' internal accounts. (Mark's explanation for the loss of the 660'000, since then shown to be false, was that hackers modified withdrawal transactions as they were broadcast by MtGOX, in such a way that the transaction was processed by the bitcoin network, but MtGOX's software got back an error as if the transaction had failed, and therefore did not subtract the amount from the client's account.
@_date: 2015-01-27 12:22:15
But Overstock shares are legit stock in the eyes of the SEC.
AFAIK, without SEC approval, the Winkles cannot sell COIN shares to the general public; they would be restricted to selling privately to accredited investors (= rich people) or to non-US citizens, like SMBIT does.
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:06:09
That does not mean anything.  For example, some customers may have decided to withdraw some of their coins to their personal wallets instead of leaving them in their exchange accounts.
They may also have paid dividends from the fees, paid debts and bills, etc.
@_date: 2015-05-03 14:03:53
When exactly is the payment due?
@_date: 2015-01-26 14:56:27
That index is delayed... 
On BitcoinWisdom: Bitstamp 276, Bitfinex 280
On WinkIndex: Bitstamp 287, Bitfinex 288
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:47:02
Curently mining fees add to ~15 BTC/day, block rewards add to ~3600 BTC/day.  No one is mining for the fees. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:53:37
I don't know, but it seems to be part of this "wallet" (cluster of addresses belonging to the same person or company):
[wallet fd3580eb2f2f953b](
There is lots of traffic to/from the Bitstamp hot wallet, may be their cold wallet.
EDIT: note that the database behind that link is updated only once a day, if so.   Therefore today's transactions are not yet here.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:06:47
Thanks for the links!
@_date: 2015-01-02 03:35:44
"Free speech" only applies to expressing one's *sincere* beliefs and opinions.  It has never been an excuse for trying to get others to believe things that one does not believe, in order to gain some material advantage.  Fraud is a crime in any legislature that I know of.
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:37:13
Here is [my own estimate]( of the price that would be sustained if there was no speculation, only demand for e-payments (3 $/BTC).  And here are [some further remarks]( on that calculation.
@_date: 2015-01-26 11:58:02


They are scheduled to give a lecture at a general ETF conference.  No sign that there will be any news about their filing to the SEC.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:21:34
Well, that has not been demonstrated yet.  I doubt that one can devise a "proof of work" method that levels off the mining field.  Machines designed specifically for mining will probably be faster and more energy-efficient than general PCs and GPUs.  If so, large installations will still be more profitable and will grow faster than smaler ones.
@_date: 2015-01-05 05:12:42
OK; same question, but with a gold bar instead of a car?
The point is that when one wants sell (or buy), one must usually adjust the price in order to find someone who is willing to buy (or sell).
@_date: 2015-01-01 09:23:02
TL;DR: may go down, up, or sideways. ;-)
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:25:17
Perhaps not wanting to touch a pyramid scam that has ruined and will ruin the lives of hundreds of people?
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:21:24
Yes, of course  "sincere sarcasm" is free speech too.  But I would say that, as long as minimally alert readers are aware of the sarcasm, then the person is in fact expressing his sincere opinion, even though the literal reading of his words is the opposite.
@_date: 2015-01-12 10:10:40
Right.  Although the lower BTC price affects both them and the potential buyers, the expectations of how the price will move must also enter the equation. 
The  I think it is safe to say that one should not but a machine from them unless one has cheaper electricity and colling than they have, **and/or** one is more optimistic about the future BTC prices than they are,
Buying hash power should depend entirely of the latter factor.  The energy and cooling costs will be the same as theirs, so one should only buy hash power from them if  one is more optimistic about the future BTC prices than they are,
Does this make sense?
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:23:55
I am not sure we are talking about the same paper.  Perhaps the uploaded a new version?  Actually my biggest problem is not the technical details, but the lack of a clear statement of the real-world problem they are trying to solve.
In contrast, Satoshi's paper states the problem quite clearly, right upfront (build a p2p e-cash system that would not require trust in a 3rd party) and the specific sub-problem he proposes to solve (how to motivate a bunch of uncoordinated volunteers so that they will maintain and protect the distributed ledger).
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:21:06
[*“With experts we are currently setting up a duplicate of entire infrastructure in San Francisco, which is bound to finish in the next 24 hours. At that time we will continue our services.” explained Merlak*](
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:56:42
I have read the sidechains whitepaper, but my mind seems incapable of understanding the concept.  All I get from it is "we are looking for a way to make that problem irrelevant and we are confident that we will find it". 8(
@_date: 2015-01-13 21:52:49
By that argument, we should conclude that, when all 21 million coins are produced, the price of bitcoin will be half of what it is now.  Obviously there is something wrong there.
But the (technical) inflation rate does has nothing to do with the price.  To recap: the question is whether the rate of inflation should be computed over the amount of money that exists now, or over the amount of money that will exist a century from now.
The correct method is the first one, of course; but if you insist in using the second method for bitcoin, you should use it also for the dollar.  By that method, the current inflation rate for bitcoin would be 5%/year (instead of 10%/year), and the inflation rate of the dollar would be ~0%/year (instead of 1%/year).
@_date: 2015-01-27 23:22:08
You mean, since their currency was devaluated 30% last year, they may not dismiss right away one that devaluated 70%?
Technically, bitcoin is a remarkable experiment, with some interesting ideas that one day may be incorporated in digital currencies -- once its many problems are fixed.  Financially, however, it is basically a great medium for that form of gambling called "day trading".  Please do not try to sell it as a hedge against inflation, or even as a sensible investment.
@_date: 2015-01-30 15:18:01
You claimed that Factom would ensure bitcoin's success.  Hwever, there is no significant value flow from the Factom system to the bitcoin network.  
Therefore, Factom cannot ensure that the blockchain will be secure if bitcoin itself fails as a currency or investment.  The network would shrink considerably, unless Factom transactions are made to pay much higer fees -- on the order of 0.5 to 1 million dollars per day or so.
Note that one can seal the integrity of a whole library with a single hash string.  So, no matter how many customers Factom gets, they would not need to insert more than one hash in the blockchain every 10 minutes, perhaps 1 every day. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:07:38
That is interesting.  
Not to mention that we do not know how many of those accounts are active.  (MtGOX boasted of over a million users, but the database leak revealed that only 70'000 accounts or so were minimally active.)
@_date: 2015-01-08 18:59:41
Those coins were here before:
[Wallet 5db48c59f3](
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:16:13
If the seizure and return is accepted by a majority of the miners, they can force the users to upgrade to their fork.  But I just had a heated discussion about that topic in another forum, and I do not have energy for another one here.  Just put on your horned hat, and try to think how the miners could do that (instead of "why such thing is impossible")…
PS. Just note that the vast majority of bitcoin users are not idealist libertarians, but speculators with various operating time frames, from minutes to years. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:45:24
I meant [**this**](
The US government is not impressed by sophistry about bitcoin things being conceptually different from cash things.  If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, ...
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:40:55
@_date: 2017-02-20 22:55:20
He was speaking of a "flood" that would fill a dozen 1 MB blocks, at a time when there were less than 500 transactions per day and the average block size was less than 2 kB.  Clearly he was not talking about normal traffic.
If he had decided that there needed to be a capacity limit smaller than the potential demand fee market, and somehow had determined that 1 MB was precisely the right magical block size for the scenario of 7 years later, he would have written that explicitly.   


See who is talking.
You know very well that Satoshi never imagined the network running in congested mode, much less *intentionally*. He was not stupid.  
You know very well who came up with the "fee market" concept to replace Satoshi's "broken" unlimited-block design.  So stop lying.
@_date: 2015-01-31 05:05:00
500 years ago Spain and Portugal were the strongest world powers. Why look at the last century only?
Seriously, there is no reason to expect that the price of bitcoin will rise again instead of collapsing even further.  To the extent that we understand what is driving the price, the latter seems far more likely.
@_date: 2015-01-05 03:57:40
Not a useful comparison, because one cannot "invest in internet", but could invest in bitcoin.
A better analogy could be: invest in gold vs. invest in companies that manage gold funds.  The former has been a bad investment over the past 4 years, the latter may have made money (from fees) in spite of the falling gold prices.  VC investment in the latter but not in the former would suggest a lack of faith in the future price of gold.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:46:33


Which people, exactly?
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:12:33
Many years ago, when I was trying to develop a new programming language as a masters project, I dreamed that I was a variable.  Apart from that, I was walking on my way to work as usual, and then it started raining, and I woke up in despair beause I could not figure out the semantic rules for a wet variable.  
Nothing to do with bitcoin, but your post does not have much to do with it either. 8D
@_date: 2015-01-09 12:33:44
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:11:58
Presumably the new version of the protocol WILL have to include some marker in the transaction request to specify which chain the user is referring to.  The potential for confusion seems too great if the transaction can be included in any or both chains at the whim of the network. 
Perhaps the distinction could be done by using a different port in the relay nodes, or something like that.  The marker can be discarded once the miners receive the requests and put them in their candidate blocks.
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:51:42
Well, that would be tragic.  I wish a long life for **both** of them.
@_date: 2015-01-11 12:35:02
Or your computer is hacked.  Or your janitor is actually from he FBI. Or...
@_date: 2015-01-26 04:26:26
Interesting.  Is the demand in the US so low?  Or was it going to other exchanges?
@_date: 2015-01-17 12:13:12
Actually, after the time machine will be invented in  2115, no one will work anymore.  Everybody will just go back in time, play the markets with amazing foresight, buy gold and take it to the future.
That in fact is creating a shortage of gold now, which is why price has gone up so much in the last decade.  
That self-created scarcity gives them futuroids even more business opportunities.  It is called retrochronoarbitrage.  Those in the know know that it is going on all the time, that is why markets are so crazy.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:00:55
I suppose that no one bothered to ask for the owners' real names and addresses, right?  Does anyone know whether they shave already?
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:50:23
"Cryptocurrency" is too vague.  
One feature in all so-called cryptocurrencies is that people create an account number and a private key on their own hardware, keep the private key secret, and use cryptographic signatures to  authorize withdrawals from the account.  This feature may become more widespread with time.
Another feature of many cryptos (but not all of them), is the lack of a central authority.  I am rather pessimistic about this feature, for several reasons.  Indeed I believe that we do not know how to build such a system yet: the bitcoin protocol leads to centralization of mining, and no one knows how to prevent that.
@_date: 2015-01-05 03:36:55
To a certain extent, of course.  But your exchange surely makes money whether the price goes up **or down**.  Looking at the 1d chart of any exchange, I see that most of the volume occurred during times when the price was falling (which was most of 2014).  
The point is that I do not see much VC investment in bitcoin itself.  Tim Draper's 18 M $ purchase in the first USMS auction may be the most notable example.  It would seem that VC is not very convinced that the price will "go to the moon" ny time soon.
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:07:06
What does "extremely popular" means?  10%? 20%? The hourly volume chart shows a daily pattern that fits with the sleeping hours of East Asia.  From that pattern, it would seem that some 80% of the volume of OKcoin, and at least 90% of Huobi's, comes from that general region, if not from China.
Also note that OKCoin has two separate exchanges, OKCoin.cn directed to Mainland China and OKCoin.com that is meant for the international market.  Bitcoinwisdom shows only the Chinese exchange, which (last time I checked) had the huge volume (hundreds of kBTC/day).
@_date: 2015-05-17 21:50:57


Come on, you know what I meant.  An integer argument of C can only take integer values in some range.  If my function only works when that variable is and integer between 1 and 2^23-1, I can check the validity of hat parameter with two comparisons.  In javascript or gawk, I would have to worry about it being a fraction, or a non-numeric string.  Each program that I write has dozens or hundreds of situations like these.


But (if the compiler switches are properly set for maximum security) the developer must write explicit casts in the few cases where he wants that.  Whereas the script languages will convert silently.  (A recent bug I ran into in one of my gawk scripts was due to it doing arithmetic in double precision floating point but storing numbers as strings, with less than 8 decimals after point, instead of binary.)
@_date: 2015-01-31 10:33:46
Most of those transactions are "bogus" (coins moving between addresses owned by the same person).  Perhaps 90% or more.   That is a natural consequence of the cost of the network being paid by new investors, rather than by the people using it.
Traffic may also be deliberately faked to give the impression of growth.  A single person with one computer could generate all the traffic seen today.
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:28:24
Hey, I lived in California for 13 years.  I know what I am making fun of.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:38:38
The whole point of drawing a contract is to make sure that some third party can enforce it if one party defaults, defrauds, or disagrees about what was accorded.  Obviously, for this to work, the contract must be valid *in the eyes of that third party*.
If the third party is the government, then the contract must be valid according to the law.  If the third party is the Yakuza, then the contract must have been drawn according to the rules of the Yakuza.  If the two parties think that they will not need arbitrage or enforcement by a third party, they don't need a contract.
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:09:25


Almost all of it was invested in companies that were expected to make money no matter what happens to the price (exchanges, payment processors, wallet services and hardware, mining, ATMs, investment funds, ...)  Little, if any, was invested in bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2015-01-27 11:40:41
Except that the IRS (maybe with a bit of help from the FBI and NSA) will easily track how much bitcoin you earned last year, even if you earned it by exporting stuffed cassowaries from Borneo to Mongolia...
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:39:56
But don't you realize that almost all merchants that "accept bitcoin" also accept dollars already, and in fact receive dollars from processors (like Bitpay and Coinbase) when you "pay with bitcoin"?
So your proposal means that the processor will convert your dollars to bitcoin then convert the bitcoins back to dollars and send the dollars to the merchant.  Why is that better than PayPal?
@_date: 2015-05-08 05:31:38
I don't think it will work. If a miner has p hashpower and the total haspower is P, his chances of being the first to find a solution is p/P, which is fair.  If miners are required to find *two* solutions, his chances at being the first to do that is no longer proportional to p; it depends on the p's of other miners in a nontrivial way.  Basically the miners with more hashpower will have a disproportinal chance of being the first to collect two solutions.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:57:13
Meet the lovely bitcoin community. 8D
@_date: 2015-01-03 11:11:29
Sick and tired of this sort of argument.  Being more useful for crime than for legal commerce is a big problem for bitcoin.  If bitcoiners want their coin to succeed, they should work to fix that.  Saying "but that is true of {banks|cash|computers} too" will not do it.  People know that it is bullshit, it only makes them have a lower opinion of bitcoin and bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:16:05
Technically, gold it is not a ponzi, just as a coyote is not a dog.  But yes, investing in gold is pretty much like investing in bitcoin.  The gold bubble transferred LOTS of money from the pockets of ~~suckers~~ late adopters to the pockets of ~~swindlers~~ early adopters who cashed out at the right moment.   Thanks to guys like Max Kayser and ZeroHedge who fueled th bubble and convinced the late adopters to buy with tales of looming economic collapse etc.
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:59:09
Quite true.  But some major online wallets presumably do not *intend* to steal your private keys.   Whereas I cannot see what other intention this site could have.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:16:27
And what about compasses? I am kinda fond of them.
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:34:06
The miners have no control on the price or supply of bitcoins.  The bitcoin creation date is fixed, 3600 BTC/day. The market sets the price, and the price determines the total revenue of the miners.  Then the miners have to fight for a slice of that money, by putting up as much hash power as they can afford; or pull the plug.  
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:28:35
Unless someone creates a hard fork of the blockchain in his laptop.  Then there will be two copies of your body, one in each blockchain; and then one can be sent to hub B, another to hub C. 
Market will then have to decide how much each clone of you is worth. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:09:17
You must trust them to be honest **and** competent **and** alert 24/7 **and** brave enough to have their kids murdered by the Russian mafia, rather than leave a backdoor or sign a malicious version of the firmare. 
It would be very hard to secure their shipping room so that the staff cannot replace a few trezors by malicious ones.  The bitcoins in a single Trezor could be worth as much as a large diamond in the raw.  Think of how diamond dealers protect their diamonds from being pocketed by their employees.
The bootloader is burned in a ROM or EPROM, I believe.  I suppose that the burning is not done by them, but by an independent supplier.  So you have to trust that supplier and their staff.
Note that it is not necessary to know who will get the malicious Trezors, or which country they will be shipped to. (Ah, the wonders of a global blockchain...).  
@_date: 2015-01-25 07:56:42


Freedom to have a very different notion of "good post" and "good poster" than the majority of the readers.
I am all for democracy when it is necessary to choose one leader or one policy.  But not for deciding who deserves to be listened to and who doesn't.  
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:23:41
That is intriguing... Also the April 2013 bubble seem to have started in China soon after Bobby Lee joined BTC-China.
And my preferred guess about Willy is that it was buying coins from MtGOX customers with non-existent dollars (and paying 10% above market, to attract more BTC deposits) then sending them to in China (which was pulling the rally) where they were sold by an accomplice. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:41:01
Investing in bitcoin is a zero-sum game.  The bitcoin network does not create dollars; therefore, every dollar of profit that one will make from investing in bitcoin will have to come from someone else's loss.  
So, why should Murdoch lose money to ensure your profit?
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:48:51
For those who do not want to put up with an annoying 45 second canned opening: One of the "titans" is Erik Vorhees, the other is the interviewer whose name I could not figure out.
The message is the same, banks and dollars are absolute garbage wheras bitcoin is absolutely wonderful etc etc..
I wonder whether those guys know that most people actually *use* dollars and banks and credit cards, so they won't easily believe when bitcoiners tell them that those things do not work? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:08:13
The long chains may be CoinJoin breaking largish sums (say 50 BTC) into thousands of small amounts (say 0.05 BTC) before mixing them.
I doubt that any competent Keynesian economist would consider "economic activity" a person moving money among his own accounts. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 21:07:27
Oops, thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:31:06
I still don't see why they pose problems for lawmakers.  Why is a smart contract legally different from inserting a dollar bill into a vending machine to get a bag of chips?  
@_date: 2015-01-08 18:01:36
What I mean is that one cannot count Pantera's 10 M$ as if they are available to cover the heist.  Most of that money must have been spent, or must committed to signed contracts etc.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:45:01
They both had pretty clear "business plans".
Linux's said that it would spread because lots of people would like it because it was a good free Unix-like OS, and distributing it will would cost nothing to Thorvalds because the users themselves would download it and distribute it, and no one would take it away because it was released on a free software license, etc..  No one could tell whether that *would* actually happen, but it *could* happen.
Wikipedia's "business plan" was that thousands of people throught the world would find it useful, add contents, fix eath others errors, and administer most of the conflits and rule violations themselves; so the Jimbo (later to become the Foundation)  would not need to pay authors editors and hire editors.  The expenses of running the servers and overseeing the voluntary admins were low enough that they could be covered by donations, thus allowing the site to be ad-free.  And so on.  Again, no one could tell whether that *woudl*  happen, but it *could* happen.  So that plan was proof that the idea *could* succeed, so Jimbo was not an idiot for trying it.
Well, again, I have yet to see such a "business plan" for bitcoin.  The transition from rewards to fees, in particular, seem to be a topic that no one likes to think about.  Perhaps because bitcoin's transaction fee model is unworkable, and that will become evident when the block rewards become insufficient?
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:31:35
There was a comprehensive and detailed article about all such incidents (thse being the two most serious, that required rewinding the blockchain).  But I cannot find it now.  Also the bitcoin wiki page about the overflow incident seems to have moved.
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:22:55


For one thing, because they have trouble understanding and admitting it when it is pointed out to them.
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:51:20
Yes.  It is believed that cryptographic hashes are secure in that sense: it would take more than astronomical amounts of computing to produce a modified version of the file that would have the same hash.
Note that if you received and read one version of the document, but the hash that got inserted in the blockchain is from a different version, you will not be able to prove that your version is what you received.  Just as you are screwed if someone tricks you into putting your digital signature to a version of a contract that is different from what you read and agreed to.  You still have to use other tools and precautions to avoid such risk.
@_date: 2015-05-02 03:37:04
You mean the shareholders?  They cannot post asks on their own. AFAIK, they must transfer the ownership of their shares to a broker (who will give them IOUs) and the broker then can post asks on OTCQX.  Or perhaps the broker has to go through some other "level 2" broker (those that appear on the OTCQX page)
@_date: 2015-01-05 03:48:16
I mean the former.  Short-term trading of a volatile asset that has no fundamentals (facories, products, stockpiles, stores, customers, ...) is basically gambling: you must guess whether the price will go up or down in the next minute, hour, or day, to decide whether to buy or sell now.
I haven't heard of online gambling in China, although Macau seems to be their Las Vegas.  I suspect (not at all certin) that gambline is forbidden in the Mainland, but tolerated in those places because it brings into China more money than it takes out.
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:24:44
There is also Sergey Mavrodi, self-assumed pyramid scheme   operator. (The silver sponsor list recently included the logo of his MMM company, but it may have been taken down after people noticed it).
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:44:04
If you hitch it to your own truck, yes.  If you hitch it to someone eles's truck, without giving him anything in return...
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:20:53
The exchanges are tightly connected by arbitrage traders running robots.  A dump in any one exchange spills over all the others in less than a minute.
@_date: 2015-05-16 04:19:28
Not a murder, but someone (in NY, IIRC) tried to trade some bitcoins via localbitcoin, and was robbed at knifepoint by the other guy instead.  Might have ended badly.
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:17:23
But replacing toaster by router does not make it any more logical.  My body has organs that extract energy from food, and organs that spend that energy.  Nature found that it made more sense to do that than to let each organ produce energy on its own.  That is also the way companies and households optimize their profits...  
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:24:03
"I am not a ~~number~~ ECDSA key pair! I am a FREE MAN!"
@_date: 2015-05-15 06:31:23
Beanie Babies had much in common: artificial scarcity and marketing drove the price to insane levels, unrelated to their intrinsic value as toys.
Further back, check the Dutch tulip bubble and the South Seas Company shares.
The explosion of bictoin startups in 2014 resembles a lot [**the Dot-Com bubble**]( of ~2000.   
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:19:59
Yeah, I was asking for some *real* data.  Sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-13 07:20:26
No one with a functioning neuron invests in government currencies.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:49:10
The neonazi in Ukraine were solicitng bitcoin to support their war.  And someone has just claimed that ISIS-connected terrorists are using bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 04:00:02
Manufacturers of various equipments such as cameras already recommend customers to register their purchases, including the item's serial number.  They do this with a centralized database, of course.  What advantages would there be in doing it with a distributed database? 
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:26:38


That should be a 50 $ deduction from your taxable income, not taxes, correct?
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:06:46
Technically, ⊂, not ∈.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:20:00


The number of times this has happened before is no more than, uh, zero.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:40:17


The fees would have to be raised until they become an effective incentive for miners to include as many transactions as they can in a block.
Leaving the fee open, as it is now, is a bad idea.  Users want to know beforehand how much fee they have to pay, and want to be  sure that their transaction will be processed once they pay the fee.   So the minimum fee formula will have to be changed.  (That does not require a hard fork, correct?  Does it require one, if the fee is to become mandatory?)
The fees would have to be set to a flat amount per output (OR per input), plus a percentage of the total amount transferred.  Say, 0.0005 BTC per output + 0.2% of the total output volume.  (The current formula, that depends on byte size, may seem logical to programers, but is absurd for plain users.) And, please, "age of coins" should not be relevant for anything.
There would have to be a way to identify any return change output, so that it can be excluded from the fee.  (Again, basing the protocol on UTxOs rather than account balances may seem sensible to programmers, but is an absurd complication for plain users.  But that cannot be fixed now.) Perhaps the largest output that uses the same address as one of the inputs will be considered return change and excluded from the fee.  (I know, reusing addresses for return change is bad for privacy.  Tough.)
With such fees, 90% of the current blockchain traffic volume would disappear, so that 1 MB blocks would be quite enough for another few years.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:41:55
I told you to put on your horned hat, ;)
Here is [**a plan that miners can use to force a protocol change**]( Here are [**further comments**]( and [**more comments**](  I made up this plan in less than 15 minutes.  Surely anyone who wants to do it for real can improve it.  There is a long debate also starting at [**this bitcointalk post**](
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:51:48


That seems to be the case now only because miners are currently paid by new investors instead of by the users.  That is an economic distortion that ought to be eliminated as soon as possible.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:06:36
How can they do that?  Neither users no nodes can control which miners process their transactions.  They may not even be able to tell reliably whether a solved block comes from a bad miner or good miner.
@_date: 2017-02-10 20:44:14
The Chinese bitcoin companies (excahnges and miners) are commercial rivals, but will get together to coordinate common actions.  
Huobi, OKCoin and BTC-China already did that several times.  Eg., in May/2014, when they decided to cut marketing and stay away from a Shanghai bitcoin conference; or earlier this year, when they decided to start charging trading fees.
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:35:16
For instance?  I can imagine that such power would be used if there is a disagreement about the intended meaning of some clause, of if changed circumstances make the contract disastrous for one of the parties.  In that case, the interested party could try to get the court to strike down that clause.  But, in general, I would expect that a court will rule that the contract is to be honored.
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:26:30
If I understand correctly, BitPay and other payment processors monitor the input queues of a suitable sample of nodes in the bitcoin network.  If they see that the bitcoin deposit transaction has been added to the queue of a sufficient number of those nodes, and don't see any cnflicting transaction there, they assume that it will get confirmed with high probablity, and clear the payment to the merchant.
EDIT: even in that case there is a small probability that the transaction will not be confirmed.  I suppose that BitPay only trusts that method for amounts below a certain limit.
EDIT2: AFAIK, ordinary bitcoin users do not have the resources to do that sort of checking.  So they have to wait until some miner manages to insert the transaction in a block, and then for that block to get "buried" under a few more blocks.  Otherwise there is a non-negligible risk that the block will be "orphaned", and that another transaction for the same coins will get inserted in the majority branch.
@_date: 2015-05-08 01:54:01


Thanks.  It is stimulating to debate with such a brilliant interlocutor.


Not every single time, no.
When the first auction was announced (2014-06-??) there was a dip from ~650 to ~590.  When the results came out (2014-06-??), implying that the sale price had probably ben near or above market, the price recovered immediately to ~650, then a few days later dropped to ~620.
The second auction was announced 2014-11-17, held 2014-2-04, and Barry confirmed win in 2014-12-09.  There was no significant change in those dates; the price remained in the range 275--285 in that interval, except for a dip of ~20 dollars between 2014-11-20 and 2014-11-24.
The third auction was announced on 2015-02-17 when the price was ~235, and there was no immediate change.  The price remained in the range 235--245 until 2015-02-27, then it started to rise; on 2014-03-02 it stabilized at ~275.  The auction was held on 2014-03-05.  The price rose again on 2014-03-09 to ~290. The result was announced on 2015-03-10 and had no effect on the price.
In summary, the second and third USMS auction had no discernible effect on the price, in spite of expectations that it would.  It would seem that 66.67% of your "facts" are just imaginary...  
60 dollars seems to be about the extent of the effect that news and rumors in the West have on price -- as happened in the Coinbase "moon" teaser, "Microsoft accepts bitcoin", "McDonalds will accept bitcoin", and a couple of other big news; which caused **short-lived** spikes only. 
Back in february 2014, the two Western events that had a significant effect on the price were Mark's announcement of "a bug in bitcoin" on 2014-02-10, and his admission that MtGOX was insolvent an missing a large number of coins, on 2014-02-25.  Both news caused large **but momentary** dips, imemdiately reversed.
In contrast, we have the following events in China with significant **and persistent** effects :
+ 2014-03-26 Caixin leaks a PBoC directive to close the exchanges' CNY channels. (Price drops from ~570 to ~470.)
+ 2014-04-02 Exchanges BTC38 and FXBTC announce that their bank accounts were closed without warning. (Price drops from ~480 to ~440.)
+ 2014-04-10 Huobi announces closing of their ICBC account. (Price drops from ~440 to ~360.)
+ 2014-04-11 PBoC official clarifies that owning and trading bitcoins is not forbidden, compares it to stamps.  Huobi says that their other banks have no received any order to close their accounts. (Price shoots up from ~360 to ~420.)
+ 2014-04-15 According to the Caixin leak, bank accounts of exchanges should be closed on this day, but OKCoin and Huobi say that their banks still had received no such order.  Price shoots up from ~415 to ~460 and continues on the next day to ~515.  
+ 2014-04-25 [**PBoC unexpectedly tells all banks that they do mean it**]( and gives until May 10 for all banks to close input channels to exchanges. (Price drops again from ~500 to ~460, and ~440 in the next two days.)
And so on. There are more.
These coincidences are not limited to the date; often the time of the drops can be matched to the time when the Chinese exchanges posted the news on their sites, within an hour or two.  
There is also the biggest drop of them all on december 2013, after the PBoC issued their first decrees.  I wasn't paying much attention then, but you can find the dates (and the comments in the forums) if you care.
@_date: 2015-01-03 16:40:06
The bill does not say it is "legal tender" (that news site has amended the title).  And yes, the IRS decides how to tax it. 
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:51:38
Oops.  I thought I was in another sub... ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-25 22:48:35
"They" are two people.  They are being deliberately conflated for pretty obvious reasons.
@_date: 2015-05-24 14:35:02
But if the price has to be locked in advance, what is the point of using bitcoin?  Doesn't the viewer have to trust the sender, that he will charge for the actual time viewed?
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:44:31
Unless the 4 top miners -- who now have 54% of the total haspower -- agree to do it.  (I recall someone claiming that all four are Chinese, but cannot confirm it.)
It is widely claimed that such a "majority cartel" could block selected transactions, but cannot change the protocol without the consent of a majority of users, exchanges, nodes, etc..  I believe that the latter claim is wishful thinking, and that such a cartel could in fact force all other players to accept changes to the protocol, even an increase in the mined coins or an "inflation tax".  But this topic would require more space to explain...
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:50:03
That number is pure fantasy.  Bitpay's recently released data shows that they processed less than 160 million dollars *in the whole of 2014*, of which only 25 million or so were e-payments (including travel and IT services).  And Bitpay is believed to be the largest of the bitcoin payment processors.  Moreover, analysis of their receiveing wallet shows that they processed only 3x as many transactions on Black Friday compared to a normal Friday.
Most likely, the volume of bitcoin e-payments on Black Friday 2014, counting all processors and direct BTC payments, was less than 1 million dollars.
The 300 million dollar figure  may indeed be the dolar value of the total amount of all transactions in the blockchain, on two days around Black Friday (240 million).  However, it is known that most of the traffic on the blockchain is not e-commerce.
@_date: 2014-12-31 23:14:32
Ah.  But here is a quote from [one of the sources that have been recommended](


Is this nonsense then?
@_date: 2015-01-13 21:41:59
For step 3, consider "Preparing to buy back at the bottom"
@_date: 2015-01-05 05:03:02
I suppose that you do not mean *me*, correct?
@_date: 2015-01-04 09:48:46
Makes sense...
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:05:11
Well, do you know anyone who invests in dollars in the hope  that their value will go up?  Who desperately need other people to buy dollars for that to happen?  Who will get upset if a Wikipedia article fails to claim that dollars are better than the second coming of the Messiah?
I wish bitcoiners would stop jerking off those stupid "but dollars too" replies whenever someone points out a flaw in bitcoin.  No one is claiming that dollars are a fabulous get-rich-by-sitting-on-your-couch investment, or that they will save the world from corrupt politicians and evil banks.
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:55:15
But Latin was THE linguistic "dollar" of a huge empire for some 500 years.  The comparison of Bitcoin with Esperanto is more pertinent, because the latter was never an official language of any country, and was created with similar expectations.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:28:55
The difficulty and hashrate have no influence on the price.  It is the other way around: the market defines the BTC price, and that defines the amount of money that all the miners receive.
Then the miners fight for a slice of that money.  Miners who can't get enough have to shut down their equipment.  Other miners may buy machines and start mining if they think they can make a profit from that.  That determines the total hashrate.
The difficulty is then adjusted (with some delay) so that the block rate stays close to 1 every 10 minutes.
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:45:07
Simple question 1: Does Coinbase keep a log of the *placement* of orders on the order book?  
Simple question 2: Does Coinbase keep a log of the hhtp(s) accesses to their site?
@_date: 2015-05-22 08:52:59


Because bitcoin is being sold to unwary people with the implied promise of fabulous gains.  Please don't say that "no one promises anything": the reason why new investors buy bitcoins at all is because of all those "maybe $100,000" statements like the small sample above.   That is scamming, because those "bitcoin evangelists" never point out all the problems that make those prices extremely unlikely, like the centralization of mining, the unworkable fee mechanism, the lack of real usage, etc..  In particular, they carefully avoid explaining *why* the price is $230 rather than $0.23.  You see, it would not be good for sales if they told prospective investors that the price is being held up by an army of amateur day-traders in China.  Would those investors buy bitcoins (or BIT shares, or BTO notes) if they knew that they would be placing their life savings in the hands of those day-traders? If they new that the price will only rise again above $1000 if bitcoin finds another market as big as China's?
Bitcoin believers should be worried about the price too, because the speculative overvaluation has put bitcon in a pathological state from which it cannot gracefully come out.  Mining is hypertrophied and subsidized by new investors, instead of being paid by users; and there is no viable roadmap to get from that situation to the post-reward regime that does not go through a price and hashrate collapse.
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:22:05
My best guess is that they are doing something with e-payments (and the press is just wildly guessing about appliances).  My second best is that they will team up with Nerdalize or something similar.  But I have little faith even in my best guess...
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:33:15


AFAIK, they are long sequences of transactions, closely spaced in time, where the Nth transaction takes a largish input from some address A[N] (say, about 50 BTC), sends a small amount to some output address B[N]  (say, 1 BTC), and sends the balance to a third address A[N+1], that is the input of the next transaction in the chain.
The effect is to break a largish amount A[1] into many small amounts B[1], B[2], ... 
I suspect that those chains are created by tumbling services like CoinJoin.  Tumblers must break large input amounts into small amounts, because otherwise the payments can be traced through the tumbling by their size.
EDIT: other possibilities are pools or payment processors paying out their members by some simple-minded script (that does not try to pack many transctions into one), services using the blockchain for non-payment purposes, or even someone trying to help the cause by inflating the blockchain transaction volume (that many people still assume is measuring adoption of bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:58:18
Go to this YouTube page and search for "scam" 8D
EDIT: needless to say, there are many "Josh Garza"s in the US, and being interested in scams does not mean one is a scamer.
@_date: 2015-01-22 11:30:51
The defense could point out that  the FBI suspected that Mark Karpelès to be @_date: 2015-01-08 18:54:28
The sidebar says "News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news."
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:59:39
It still works.  
If Joe mines 50 BTC/day, his costs amount to 30 BTC/day (in US$), and he keeps 30 BTC/day, then he has to take the price of 10 BTC/day out of his bank account. 
Then Joe is equivalent to (1) a Miner Joe who mines 50 BTC/day, sells them all at market, pays bills with the price of 30, and puts the price of 20 in the bank; plus (2) an Investor Joe who buys 30 BTC/day with money taken from his bank account.  
Then Investor Joe is just one of many investors who invest more than their income.
@_date: 2015-01-08 16:10:27
Why? He *is* a friend of Mark and lives across the street from MtGOX offices.  When MtGOX was hacked in 2011 he and Jesse Powell (now Kraken's CEO) [**spent days at MtGOX helping Mark**]( sort things out and patch the code.
@_date: 2015-01-05 03:26:01
All I have seen over the past year indicates that the price is set by thousands of short-term speculators at the Chinese exchanges.  Most of them apparently were used to trading commodities, and had little opportunity to trade stocks or other professional instruments.   They cannot use bitcoin for anything else in China, and do not seem to view it as long-term investment; it seems to be a form of gambling to them.
They may react inversely to other Chinese markets (stocks in China seem to be booming these days, so that may be the cause of the ongoing BTC price drop), but seem to ignore anything that happens outside China and does not affect them.
@_date: 2015-01-25 14:18:01
The block reward is way too high for the current price (and the price is way too high for the curent use).  
The block reward was necessary at the beginning, to encourage people to keep mining 1 block every 10 minutes even at the times that there was no traffic.  Now it pays 1 million dollars a day for the miners, which has resulted in industrial centralized mining.  If the miners were paid only a thousand USD per day, there would be no industrial mining, only distributed mining on ordinary CPUs and GPUs.  But it is impossible to change that now.
Also it is bad to let the users (people who issue transactions) have the illusion of a free service, and have the new investors (people who buy bitcoins to hold) pay the cost of processing those transactions.  It invites spamming the blockchain and requires constant new investment (to the tune of a million dollars per day) to keep the price from dropping.
@_date: 2015-05-16 11:25:57
Not now; however, if bitcoin collapses, the angry bagholders who lost their savings may want to sue the guy who invented and set up the "ponzi scheme", and grabbed some 7% of its "shares" for himself at practically no cost.
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:44:52
Just raise those damn fees to a meaningful level, and have the users actually pay at least a small fraction of the cost of the service that they are using. Such a teaspoonful of reality would probably cut the traffic to 10% of what it is today, and that would be good for everybody involved (except perhaps the snake oil salesmen who pretend that blockchain traffic growth means increased adoptio).
(I thought that libertarians were totally against price subsidies...)
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:33:17
Long story but there are some questions:
+ If Star Xu forged the v8 contract, he should know that the forgery would be obvious, that Roger Ver had the legitimate one, and would notice immediately the substitution. Why did he provide it then?
+ The forgery supposedly adds a termination clause for OKCoin with a 6 month notice.  But that notice was never given, so it would not help OKCoin in the dispute.  What would be the point of the forgery then?
+ The forged copy v8 is not signed by anyone from OKCoin.  If it was intended to "prove" something, it would not do it.  Again, what would be the point?
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:59:29
Well, what can I say?  I look at the CVs and past actions of the players of this drama, and I get to very different conclusions about what happened and who is trying to do what.
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:49:49
Why should your toothbrush trust your fridge to deliver its micropayment to your toothpaste?  Even if your fridge is honest, it may be easily coerced by your fuse box. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:58:16
Because it made bitcoin into a tool for speculation, like an overpumped penny stock.  Because it is the cause of the extreme volatility, that is hampering its use as a currency and giving it a bad image.  Because it created an hypertrophied and unstable mining industry whose revenue come from new investors, who do not realize where their money is going and how it coud come back.  Because it attracted hundreds of middlemen who intend to divert some of all the money that is flowing through the system. Because...
@_date: 2015-05-07 04:11:34
The problem is that some miner could issue a block that was too large for other miners to process.  Those miners would have no choice but to ignore that block and keep mining their candidates, hoping for the best.  If enough miners do that, the big block will be orphaned and then its miner would lose his work.  So, without an agreed-to max block size, how could a miner know what is a "safe" block size, that can be accepted by a majority of the other miners?
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:09:37
Sorry, I mistead your "wasn't" as "was".  If you are talking about day-trading, then my original comment stands: the volume of trading gives no information about  whether they are increasing or decreasing their holdings.
@_date: 2015-05-15 20:31:23
Oops thanks.  Read "ingenious".
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:08:57
Thanks! (But the rest of my post does not depend on that question, fortunately.)
@_date: 2015-05-03 18:48:48
Well, I cannot read "Investing in Bitcoin" there either.  In fact, I have not seen a quote by GS or IDG where they mention "bitcoin" or even"cryptocurrencies" at all.  They say only "**digital payment** space".
I would rather think that the alleged interest of GS and IDG in bitcoin is 100% wishful thinking by the bitcoin community.  Is there evidence to the contrary?


But there is no reason to use bitcoin at all when doing USD-to-USD payments...
Bitcoin may not be useful even for international USD-to-CNY or CNT-to-USD payments.  For common users, using bitcoin for remittance can save the international bank transfer fees.  But since Circle has partners on both countries that are financial heavywheights, they should not have to pay the same fees for bank transfer that mortals pay. (Most of the time, a USD-to-CNY payment by a client means changing entries in the ledgers of the US and Chinese branches of Circle.  Only once in a while they may have to rebalance the USD and CNY accounts at those branches; and bitcoin is not obviously better for that than the banking system.)
@_date: 2015-05-14 00:36:17


Today'strade volume was only 327 BIT shares (~32.7 BTC), mostly at 49.00 $/share.  
The average BIT share was acquired by its holder for about 40--50 USD.   So it is not surprising that shareholders are not very eager to sell for less than that.  I suppose that they are still hoping for higher prices.  
On the other hand, people who do not have any shares, but might be interested in buying BTC through BIT, apparently think that 100% premium is too much.
Considering only the posted bids, if someone decided to sell 2000 shares (200 BTC; 0.15% of the market cap) at once, the price would drop to 20 $/share.
@_date: 2017-02-19 21:40:36
Gavin was in charge from Jan/2010 to sometime in 2014 or more.  So, by your reasoning, he was responsible for 14 of those 16 billion dollars of the "market cap"...
@_date: 2015-01-02 01:12:50
But then Paybase drops the Amazon connection because they suspect that Amazon may be a scam.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:55:38
Well, bitcoin right now has 10%/year fixed inflation (in the technical sense; that is, the bitcoin network is "printing" about 10% more bitcoins each year).  It will go down to zero eventually, but right now it is higher than the inflation of USD, EUR, and many other currencies.
In the popular sense of "loss of purchasing power", bitcoin's inflation in 2014 was over 65%. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 03:10:04
Well, there are also "contracts" between criminals that are enforced outside the legal system and have no validity in a court of law.  In fact, any contract that requires a party to do something illegal is automatically and completely invalid under the law.  I don't get your point, why would blockchain contracts be a problem for lawmakers?
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:24:08
Aha, thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2015-01-14 06:09:04
That is meant to be only an excuse for the dump, not the real intention, ;)
@_date: 2015-01-11 23:55:46
I can think of a couple of scenarios where a non-programmer thief would hurriedly copy someone else's private key by hand, only to find later that it didn't work.  
@_date: 2015-01-01 10:05:39
The [source from which this article is derived]( did not say "employee", said "a person who is familiar with the exchange system".  Could be management, former employee, consultant, or anyone who was given access to the code and procedures...
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:33:46


I am assuming that Trezors (or their clones) will become popular among bitcoin holders, especially those with largish amounts.  Then, if a criminal plants 100 doctored Trezors that generate weak private keys, it seems likely that at least one of them will have 100 k$ or more in it.


There is still some risk that Tim Draper's housemaid phsically swaps his Trezor by a malicious clone that asks him to re-enter the passphrase and then leaks it through the signed transactions.  
But a bigger risk is that a new release of the firmware, properly signed by SatoshiLabs, is malicious or buggy (remember the BCI fiaso?)
@_date: 2015-01-19 21:20:22
Wikipedia articles are not advertisements or PR sheets.  They are **not** supposed to be edited by people who have financial interest in the subject.  
@_date: 2015-01-27 02:20:08
Hm, thanks for the clarifications  (Are you a Coinbase employee?) But now I am again uncertain.  




I did not see any mention of that.  I read that they have insurance for the **BTC in their hot wallet** only.  
If the client USD balances were individually insured by the FDIC, they should say so, shouldn't they?  


That seems quite hard and pointless to do.  By the time the bank receives and processes the information (perhaps hundreds of thousands of trades per day!), the USD balances in Coinbase's ledger will have changed completely.
One more reason to think that my original interpretation is correct: the bank does not know about the client accounts, and Coinbase's account at the bank is insured up to 250 k$, total.


"Instantly" means every quarter, I suppose... 
The risk is an insider (not necessarily the management) embezzling the funds, or mismanaging them by tampering with the internal ledger so as to create fictitious USD balances that do not match the funds in the bank account (which seems to have happened at MtGOX).
Enron and Madoff are there to show that even major firms can host multi-year accounting frauds...


Is Coinbase overseen by the SEC? 
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:10:34
Is that prediction based on TA, or on some expected external event?
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:16:52
But it often stutters. 8D
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:53:39
But God knows the private keys to all possible blockchain addresses.  You will have to trust (ugh!) Him not to steal your coins.  
@_date: 2015-01-04 13:08:14
For the purposes of economic analysis, a miner Joe who keeps X% of his rewards can be imagined to be two people, Miner Joe who sells all his output at market, and Investor Joe, who buys back X% of that at market.  
Investor Joe is no different from other investors, it will think like them and have the same effect on price.   That investment in X% coins costs him money (that he takes from his Miner Joe persona) and that money represents the same loss to him than it would for any other investor.
Thus, we can assume that all 3600 coins are dumped each day on the market, the miners make ~1 million dollars per day from them, and investors have to spend the same amount per day to buy all those coins, in order to sustain the price.
But the analysis of the original poster is useful to understand how profitable mining is.  Miner Joe will mine only if his revenue is greatet than his operations cost, without paying attention to what Investor Joe is doing with his profit.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:16:56
I was asking of the 2011 bubble; are you talking about the 2013 bubble?
Here are some comparative price plots:
[2010-07-17 to 2014-11-29](
[2013-03-01 to 2014-03-31](
Price ratios:
[2010-07-17 to 2014-11-29](
[Explanation and comments](
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:01:06
Silly.  The "problem" of correct vote counting is adequately solved by low-tech solutions.  Complicated methods that only experts understand are inherently bad and should be avoided at all costs.  Especially when they are based on a technology (bitcoin blockchain) that is still experimental, far from proven, and not immune to government abuse. 
The real threats to democracy are government secrecy, centralization of information sources in a few big companies (old media conglomerates, Google, Facebook, etc.), censure through copyright, corporate financing, limited elections, government officials immune to public will, secret channels for bribery payments, ...  
@_date: 2015-05-03 17:31:18
Thanks.  I asked because it could be that the recent rise from ~220 to ~240 across all exchanges could be due to demand from Kipi victims.  (According to that ZA bitcoin exchange page, there are middlemen offering to intermediate that payment, for victims who are not familiar with bitcoin.)
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:52:35
Yes.  If a group of miners controlling more than half of the hashrate agreed, they could force users and bitcoin services to adopt a modified protocol, by jamming the blockhain that uses the old protocol.  The new protocol could do anything, from setting mandatory minimum fees to reversing past transactions and seizing coins.  Or increasing the number of coins.  Whether they would want to do any those things is debatable, and depends on their PR and marketing ability.
@_date: 2015-05-01 12:33:35
It is live and the BIT shareholders already got their certificates or whatever.  Now it is up to the BIT shareholders to put their shares for sale.  Apparently [**this step**]( to be undertaken by each shareholder individually, [**takes an unknown number of days to complete**](
At least those shareholders won't be complaining about the 1 hour that it takes for a blockchain transaction to be 6-confirmed...
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:10:29
Right.  It is well known that the people who use a currency have total control over it.  For example, back in 1937 when the US government decided to abolish the gold/silver backing of the dollar, all Americans burned their dollars and switched to Patagonian rupees, which they have been using until today.
@_date: 2015-01-25 22:49:19
My understanding is that they were a payment processor, so they could send dollars (from the sale of clients' bitcoins) only to merchants in exchange for goods and services.  I.e. you couldnot use them to sell bitcoins and take out the cash.  Now, as money services, they can send dollars to any client (like any exchange).
Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:29:46
So, if a chain has 1000 steps with average change-back of 50 BTC, that is 50'000 BTC/day that is counted as "daily trasaction volume" in the charts, but which is not commercial use; in the same way that a guy moving 50 million US$ from his suitcase to his duffle bag is not a 50 million dollar boost to the local economy. 
Also note that, since each step in the chain uses a different fresh address for the change output, those 50'000 BTC of bogus volume are *not* excluded from the "estimated volume" charts of blockchain.info.
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:20:50
I wonder if the two were aware of yesterday's stress test? 
One thing is to say that backlogs and spam attacks *may* happen, another is to see them actually happening, and being so banal: not J. P.Morgan joining forces with Visa and Western Union, but a handful of redditors with improvised scripts and some spare change, who decided to have some friday night fun...
Gavin's view of what should happen during and after the fork seems quite straightforward, although 20 MB in Q4/2016 seems to be too little and too late in view of the stress test.
Peter's position seems fuzzier.  He has pointed out some bad things that could happen if the fork happens -- fewer relay nodes, a possible split of the coin in two, etc. But what does he think will happen, if the fork doesn't happen and the 1 MB limit continues?  The fees will increase -- to cents or to dollars?  What uses of the blockchain will become uneconomical?  How would traffic evolve?  He shoudl paint a clearer picture of the "1 MB future", methinks.
I believe that Peter exaggerates the importance that the bitcoin community gives to immutability ofthe protocol.
First, it is naive to think that there will never be another hard fork.  Only religions claim that artifacts are perfect and should never be changed.  Unless bitcoin dies out in the next year or two, it will have to be changed many times, even in rather fundamental aspects, in order to fix subtle bugs, resist new attacks, correct economic distortions, etc.. For example, [the current fee and service model is not viable]( and new mechanisms will have to be invented and implemented to make it work.  So, instead of squirming away from hard forks, bitcoiners should worry about how to make them be as smooth as possible.
About the possibility of the coin splitting into two altcoins, BTC.10 and BTC.11:  No matter how the fork is synchonized to the difficulty adjustment, the two coins will split the block rate (nominally 6/hour) proportionally to  their mining populations.  If 90% of the miners choose to mine BTC.11, then blocks of BTC.10 will come out only once every 100 minutes, on average; and it may take up to 5 months for the next difficulty adjustment to occur, instead of 2 weeks.  Users and investors would rather buy BTC.11, the price of BTC.10 would drop, BTC.10 miners would get less money, and more of them would switch to the other coin.  Soon the block spacing of BTC.10 would lengthen to days and months, and it would be effectively dead. The opposite would happen if 90% of the miners opted for BTC.10.  So, any split of the coin would probably end quickly -- with one functional branch having practically all the miners, and one dead branch that cannot be revived, unless all the miners switch to it at the same time.
In that all-or-nothing struggle, BTC.11 could get a head start by lowering the difficulty momentarily, in order to attract miners and improve its chances of starting off with a good rate.  Say, the difficulty could be reduced 90% for the first 5 blocks after the fork, by 80% for the next 5 blocks, etc.. Since BTC.10 is by definition immutable, it cannot do the same.
Estimates of the number of bitcoiners range from 100'000 to 2'000'000. I would guess that less than 10'000 think that immutability of the protocol is essential, and would stay with BTC.10 for that "ideological" reason (rather than cost or lazyness).  Maybe another 10'000 understand the issue but does not view immutability as essential.  All the other 90--98% will not understand the issue, not care to understand.  They will update to BTC.11 if they are told that it is essential to do so, under risk of losing access to their coins (which would be a self-fulfilling profecy, if enough miners believe it). 
Hoarders probably are those who carethe most about immutability, because of the fear that other changes in the future may raise the emission cap of 21 million, or do other things that harm the coin's price. However, I bet that, if it looks like teh fork may prevail, even they would strongly defend a switch to BTC.11, and will try to convince everybody that the fork is nothing to worry about: because making a fuss and/or staying on BTC.10 would harm their investment a lot more, and more immediately, than the violation of the "immutability principle".  
 
@_date: 2015-05-23 11:24:45


That is your view.  As I see it, they are so used to telling each other that "day is night" that they cannot even understand the words when someone tells them that day is day.


My definition too was taken from Wikipedia.  Obviously there are many definitions.  Since you "know" what "fiat" means, you picked the defintition that suited you, declared that the other one is wrong, and then claimed that Wikipedia says that you are right and I am wrong.  Well, if that makes you happy, keep thinking that way; what else can I say?


Thanks.  See, if "fiat" meant "decision of the *government*", then "government fiat" would mean "government decision of the government".  Sort of like "dead corpse" or "nocturnal night".  Surely the writers of that Dictionary would not write that bad English.
And, again, that link has several definitions that clearly do not restrict "fiat" to governments, like
\  3. any command, decision, or act of will that brings something about
\  2. an arbitrary decree or pronouncement, esp. by a person or group of persons having absolute authority to enforce it
but you picked the only one which you thought would prove your point. Only that it doesn't...


I lived and worked 13 years in the US, and while there I wrote and read several cubic meters of English in books, magazines, newspapers, articles and forums, and used money in all its common forms almost every day with hundreds of people.  I have continued to read more English than Portuguese, almost every day, in the 23 years after coming back to Brazil.  
Well, never ***once*** in all that time did I read or hear someone use the word "fiat" to mean the thing that everybody called "money".  The first time I saw it used that way was 18 months ago, when I started reading about bitcoin.  I found that jargon bizarre, and still cannot bring myself to use it.  It seems that it is "cult speak" among "goldbugs" and/or libertarians and/or ancaps to refer disparagingly to common money as "fiat", to underscore the fact that it is created by evil  irresponsible governments -- as opposed to "real money", which would be gold originally, and now also includes bitcoin the "digital gold".
So, please, it is not "how the world understands fiat money", but perhaps how *your* world uses that term.


Indeed, I have this bad habit of not admitting an error as long as I think I am right... ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-19 05:04:52
In that regard, the blockchain is like a public locker room in a library, or a maildrop shop; and an address is a single locker compartment in that locker room, or a single maibox in that shop.  Your key gives you possession of what is inside the box, but not ownership: it does not prove that you are the legitimate proprietor.  
Your property is defined by your government. It is what your government thinks that you have the right to posses; and the rights that you have are those that your government is capable and willing to enforce, with its police, courts and (if necessary) guns. 
To get possession of some bitcoins you only need to get them into an address whose private key is known to you and nobody else.  To get ownership, you must do so in a way that your government approves.
Governments generally do not approve theft; that is, when someone takes bitcoins (or anthing else) from their current owner, without the latter's permission. (Indeed, governments were invented precisely to curb theft.)   Even if a thief gets possession of your bitcoins, they remain your property, and your government is bound (at least in theory) to try to get them back into your possession, and punish the thief.
Governments also do not approve if you take possession of some bitcoins without paying any taxes that may be due on them.  From their point of view, the tax due is property of the government, not yours; and so they will use their power to get that money to the rightful owner, i.e. themselves. 
There are other ways of gaining possession of bitcoins that governments do not approve, but they may vary from government to government.  
While your government and your country's  laws determine whether you are the owner of some bitcoins, when they get stolen you may find it hard to convince the government that (1) you are indeed their legitmate owner, that (2) the coins are no longer in your possession, and that (3) they are in possession of the thief.  For (1), you will need at least some receipts, emails, screenshots, etc..  For the (2) and (3), I have no idea how you could do it.
TLDR: The blockchain only establishes the possession of bitcoins, not their ownership.  The latter is defined by a government and its laws. However, if your coins are stolen, you may have difficulty proving that the theft occurred.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:46:15


Well, even today, if Bill Gates decided to buy several billion dollars worth of beef jerky, he would not be able to do that.  But he could buy a few Senators instead.
If society ever accepts that 1 BTC is worth a million dollars, then a few thousand early adopters would own enough money to buy all the oil companies in the world, or all the airlines, or all the US and Brazilian senators -- and still have most of their fortune left.
I definitely do not want to see that happen.  Wealth concentration and corruption are already bad enough.  I would think that anyone who realizes that will hate the idea as well.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:39:57
ETF shares are not bitcoins, they are IOUs of bitcoins issued by the fund managers.
They are no different than IOUs of dollars issued by a bank when you deposit money there.  
If lending your cash to a bank is bad, why is lending your bitcoins to a fund company any better?
[**The Winkevoss ETF will not be insured**]( So it may not be safer than holding the bitcoins yourself.  (By the way, the SecondMarket BIT fund has suspended withdrawals three months ago.  I wonder what the investors think of it.)
@_date: 2015-01-25 01:41:55
From the language, I would bet that it is a scam.  


This is the sort of plausible-sounding mumbo-jumbo that I would write if I wanted to swindle some gullible nerds.
However, that said, and putting my mathematician's hat on: in theory, it is indeed possible that someone someday will devise a trick to speed up the solution of the bitcoin block puzzle by a 1000 times, or even find a way to compute the right nonce faster than computing one SHA hash.  There is no mathematical proof that the puzzle is hard to solve.  It is believed to be so, but only because no one has figured out a faster algorithm, in years and decades of trying.
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:11:42
Is there a live chart of the price and volume on the new Coinbase exchange?
(Many sites show the price for their old brokerage service, e.g. [**bitcoinwisdom**]( but not the volume.  Is that old price ticker aligned with the market price at their exchange?)
(NYSE said that the investment/partnership should "bring more transparency to bitcoin pricing". Let's see...) 
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:43:49
Yes, but it will also record the cash received as investment (asset) that hopefully will increase in value with time.  The liability on the other hand does not grow, and may evaporate if the card expires.  Aren't these two entries, taken together, a plus for the company's standing?
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:21:12
This article is just paid advertising for HyprKey, right?
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:10:59
You should check the latest posts on this thread on bitcointalk, and ask there if you don' t find the answer:
[BFL fucked us over again](
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:52:58
You seem to assume that people will abandon the dollar for bitcoin in a year or two.  Well, my estimate is 20 years to never (most likely never).  
Even if the dollar is abandoned, governments will not disappear nor become weaker.  They will just switch to use bitcoins, collect taxes in bitcoins over bitcoin transactions, and pay bitcoins to an army of IRS agents who will canvass the blockchain to find tax evaders.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:14:42
I find [**this site**]( often gives a clearer picture of bitcoin flow.  It tries to merge addresses that seem to belong to the same owner.  That address seems to be a "wallet" by itself, but sources and destinations may be easier to understand;.
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:49:07
Think of yourself.  You buy a car for 15'000 $. Later you need the money; you decide to sell the car, of course for 15'000 $.  But no one is interested.  What would you do?
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:18:57
There are no "decentralized services" in the cryptocurrency ecosystem except the blockchains themselves.  Everything else -- merchants, exchanges, payment processors, casinos, investment funds -- is "centralized".  To follow that advice, all you could do with bitcoin is send it to yourself.
Actually, the percentage of scams among bitcoin-related services is MUCH higher than among the general economy.  Scammers absolutely *love* bitcoin.  
For one thing, every scammer knows that, if he just claims to love bitcoin and hate government and banks, bitcoiners will give him their coins even without asking his real name.
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:44:38


But how many bitcoin donations did he *actually* get?  Six 0.0001 BTC tips, and three satoshis?  Uh-oh...
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:09:31
Check what happened to Erik Vorhees because he believed that.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:50:38
True.  But JWs do not spam your email, or bother you while you are at work.  And they won't call you "retard" or "dinosaur" if you say "sorry, I don't believe in that".
@_date: 2016-03-13 14:26:10


Thanks for the link.  OK, you are right.  Its peaks are getting smaller.  
Today the 60-day volatility is 3.68%, the same as in October 4, 2010, and more than twice what it was nine months ago; but why should we focus on those details, right?
Note that the 60-day volatility is greater than the 30-day one.  I wonder what the 180-day volatility would look like?


I am quite familiar with that chart, thank you.  It boggles the mind that you can say that an asset that lost 30% of its value since 2011 and clearly is still 200% overpriced "is close to being deflationary money after all... It has been the only safe store of value during the entire history of civilization." 


I mean we can't even agree on what "investment" and "store of value" means, whether people should be lavishly rewarded for hoarding a currency...  We would have to start discussion from the foundations of economics and social science... 
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:10:14
Block rewards: ~3600x315 = ~1.13 M$/day
Transaction count: 80'000 tx/day 
Est. volume (minus change-bakcs): 40'000'000 $/day
Needed fees:
IF flat per transaction: ~14 $/tx
IF percent of output amount: ~2.8%
Note that a large fraction of the traffic (maybe 90% or more) is coins changing address without changing hands.  If fees are charged, most of that traffic should disappear.  Then the above fees would have to be multiplied by 10.
Note, on the other hand, that it is the USD value of rewards and fees that determine the hash power of the network, not the other way around.   When rewards dwindle, the fees will be set so as to maximize the revenue of the miners (if too high, people will not use bitcoin).  Then the hashrate will adjust according to that revenue.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:03:11
I saw the number 8000 somewhere.
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:36:41
VC investors do not like giving millions to a company and watching them sit in the company's bank account for six months.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:52:21
Well, Esperanto is much easier to learn than English too. Especially if you don't know English to begin with.  8D
You should take that as a compliment.  Esperanto is still alive and well after 120 years...
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:10:30
I am *not* saying that bitcoin would be a good store of value at 2 $/BTC, or at any price.  That is a secondary goal that people tacked onto it, just like they decided that it would be a way to become filthy rich with no effort.  Even a good currency should not be used to store value for more than a month or so, and should not be a profitable investment.  (And, before you invoke them, the "Austrian" economists who say the opposite are full of bullshit: bitcoin is just another proof of that.)
However, it is true that if the price of bitcoin was 2 $/BTC *today* it would be much more stable than it actually is.  That's because the price determined by the use as currency is not floating in mid-air, like the speculative price, but is anchored on the volume of e-payments and the time between reuse, by consumers all over the world; which are much less likely to change by 20% from one day to the other just because of some rumor.  
On the other hand, even if there was no speculation and its price was on the order of 2 $/BTC, the purchasing power of bitcoin would slowly vary with the season of the year, and from year to year, following natural changes in the volume of payments.  A functioning government will try to control the supply of its national currency so as to compensate for those changes, and keep the purchasing power decreasing at a steady rate of a few % per year; but bitcoin does not have any such value-stabilizing entity or mechanism.  That is another problem that, apparently, no one knows how to fix.
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:31:22
Note also that most of the existing BIT shares were bought at more than 220 $/BTC, by people who were already more confident on the long-term recovery of the price than short-term daytrading profits.  Apparently they are not very interested in selling now, at a loss.
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:10:16
It should actually cause a drop, since money that would have bought BTC on the exchanges was used to day to buy the KnC notes (that, if I understand correctly, are promises to deliver 0.005 BTC/note to the buyers, six months from now.)
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:22:00
That is exactly the point.Unlike the value of a normal currency (defined by its usage through the money equation), or the fundamental price of a company stock (defined by the expected profits and assets of the company), speculative price has no "right" value. It holds itself up by its bootstraps, and anw whiff of pessimism or optimism blowing through the market can make it crash or rally.  That is why the price of bitcoin is so volatile and unpredictable.
@_date: 2015-01-31 10:37:35
As of 2014-09, there were about 650'000 blockchain addresses with 0.1 BTC or more in them.  Assuming that an active user must have at least one such address of his own, that is an upper bound for the number of users.
Sure, there are many people who keep all their bitcoins in Coinbase or in exchanges.  On the other hand, there are many people who own dozens of addresses with 0.1 BTC or more in them.  It seems fair to assume that the second fact largey cancels the first.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:03:44
One simple thing you can do: check the previous business history of the owners.  If they scammed someone sometime in the past (or you cannot find their previous history), do not let them have a penny of yours.
This basic precaution would have saved the victims of Mark Karpelès  (MtGOX),  Danny Brewster (Neo &amp; Bee), Sonny Vleisides (BFL), Josh Garza (GAWminers), ...
@_date: 2015-05-17 21:07:01
So now land-grabbers can have the fruits of their theft and fraud permanently recorded in the blockchain.  
Another poor country beeing sold some technological snake oil.  Yawn.
@_date: 2015-05-08 01:58:57


It is still the best report I have seen about who those mysterious Chinese traders are.  Actually I know of only one other report about them, by another reporter on another general business newspaper, that confirms that description.  A couple of brief mentions by the CEOS of the Chinese exchanges also fit that description.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:10:26
But the situation will be somewhat different,  It will be still remembered by several million.  Many people have already lost quite a lot of money with it. But whatever.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:36:22
32'000 that we know of.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:46:55
The SEC will not look hard into the details of how the Winkles are going to safeguard the bitcoins, other than take note that bitcoins are generally easy to steal or lose (as the Winkles themselves point out in [**the prospectus that they filed with the SEC**](  
The SEC will pay more attention to the fact that the fund is not insured, and that the Winkles refuse to be liable for investor losses if the bitcoins are lost or stolen.
Presumably the Winkles will hire competent security experts, who may design a suitable multi-wallet multi-signed schema to store the coins.  But even if the Winkles have a good securuty plan, there is no way to ensure that it will  always be followed.
If the wallets are protected by 3-out-of-5 signatures, but three of the holders go out together for a rafting expedition in the Sahara and get eaten by a polar bear, oops.  Or if three of them have their laptops upgraded by the same systems admin, who is not as dumb as he pretended to be, oops.
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:43:02
Not to mention his previous business to provide (or fail to) internet connectivity in rural towns.  When will people learn to CHECK THE BACKGROUND of the guy who asks for your money?
And his claims about deals with Amazon and Target.  And his reaction when reporters found out the truth about them.  And his buying out bitcoin media.
  
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:06:48
It is worse than that.  The PoW and reward rules of the bitcoin protocol inevitably causes mining to be concentrated in a few large companies, who then get the power to control the system.  No one seems to have a glimmer of hope of someone inventing a way to prevent that.
@_date: 2015-01-12 00:01:51
Sorry, I am confused.  I was a member of both and I post satyrical stuff to the former and serious stuff to the latter.  Did I mix them up?
@_date: 2015-01-13 22:03:11
Tim Draper lost about 11 million dollars in the USMS auctions.
Those who bought SecondMarket's BIT shares must have lost 30-40 million dollars altogether (a few are still positive, most are negative).
Warren Buffett did not lose a penny.
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:09:04
Called CoinFire liars or worse, threatened them with lawsuits if they would not take the article down…  The saga is all out in the net somewhere...
@_date: 2015-01-02 03:16:07
With those assumptions, it comes out as 12.34 US$/BTC.  But my computations may be wrong.
@_date: 2015-01-11 23:51:12
Why not first raise the transaction fees to a level that will discourage unnecessary transactions, tumbling, etc.  That cound reduce the number of transactions by 80% or more, and delay the need for bigger blocks.
@_date: 2015-01-22 12:50:57
Dollar inflation is 1% per year or so.  Any estimate of that value will have an error greater than 20%, and most coins are being hoarded, not traded or used.  So the estimate will be good for for some time. And any method for guessing that number now could be used again in the future.
That number tells us how much the current owners of bitcoin have actually put into it.  Divided by the number of coins in existence, it would tell the average buy cost of a bitcoin.  It may be useful to predict the price, since a holder's behavior may change if the price gets near his average buy cost.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:40:01
Once the bitcoins are deposited in a typical exchange, they are all mixed together in the exchange's wallets, and each client's balance is recorded in an internal database.  Trades are executed by updating that database, without moving the coins themselves.  When coins are withdrawn, the exchange takes any coins from its wallets to make the amount withdrawn.
So, the coins in the exchange's wallet (just as the cash in a bank's vault) are not tied to any customer.  Those 18'000+ coins were stolen from the clients as a whole. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:37:22
The goal is to generate the keys **and sign the transactions** in an environment free from malware, with software that is trusted.  
Obviously, unplugging the internet while generating the keys is nonsense.  Indeed, it could be the advice that a hacker would give his victims.
But even keeping a second computer permanently offline may not be enough.  Malicious bitcoin software in that computer could leak the private through side channels, or generate keys that are are easy to guess, or sign transactions in a way that  discloses the keys. Malware with admin privileges in that computer could do the same, or modify the bitcoin software to do it.
@_date: 2015-01-09 10:45:14
Blocking bitcoin withdrawals is excusable.
Blocking dollar withdrawals is not.  Are they still doing it?
@_date: 2015-01-09 10:48:05
His twitter profile says "mass marketer", "got sued by Facebook for 873 M$"
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:38:26
Thanks!  
Does not seem very active yet...
@_date: 2015-01-01 05:29:18


From this sentence, I would think that they are referring to a MtGOX account. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:27:49


That is the 5th amended filing.  On earlier ones (starting in 2013 still, IIRC) MtGOX was described as the premier exchange.
Someone posted somewhere a "diff" highlighting the changes between the 4th and 5th filings.  The main one was the change of incorporation address from NY to Delaware, that required extensive changes in the legal sections.  But there were aso updates about the bitcoin events , and expansion of the "Risks" section.


You may be correct, thanks.  (Those legal documents explain things so much that one does ot understand anything anymore.  For example, I have seen many readers who got thoroughly confused by the example computation in the filing, where they assume a price of 100 $/BTC.)
@_date: 2015-01-03 21:22:10
At present, the price of bitcoin is supported mainly by speculation: people who buy BTC hoping that it will have a higher price in the future,  whether it is seconds or decades later.   
A large fraction of all existing coins, perhaps 80% or more, seems to be in the hands of long-term investors, who are probably expecting further "bubbles" like the one of Nov/2013, only to higher prices.  Many of these long-term holders are believed to be in the US or Europe.
A smaller (but still significant) fraction of the coins seems to be in the hands of day-traders or short-term speculators, who try to exploit random-looking variations of the price over a range of seconds to weeks.
It is mainly these short-term speculators who define the market price.  Since Nov/2013 or perhaps earlier, most of them seem to be in China: since that time, the price has reacted only to news and rumors that are relevant to them, and hardly reacts to events that are relevant only outside China.  (By and large, bitcoin in China cannot be used for anything besides holding and short-term speculation at the exchanges.)
In general, the price of BTC today depends on what the speculators think that the price will do in the future.  At this moment, people who have money to invest seem to think that the price will not go much higher than 295 $/BTC in the near future, but on the other hand will not fall below 285 $/BTC, at least not for long.  But the mood of traders changes all the time, in ways that no one seem able to predict -- not even the most respected bitcoin specialists.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:35:50
He said that the first 30'000 BTC were meant to provide liquidity to an exchange and/or payment processor (Vaurum) that he has investedin.  The 2000 BTC from the second auction may have been meant to his son ~~Alan~~ Adam's bitcoin incubator.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:38:45
In order to minimize the chaos, the new version of the software would have to version-stamp (or tweak in some other way) all the blocks, requests and wallets, starting after the scheduled block number, so that they will be rejected as invalid by the old version of the software, and vice-versa.   Then it would be as if everyone who had N BTC before the fork will have N BTC.old coins and N BTC.new coins after the fork, which he can move or trade independently, by using the appropriate version of the software (as if they were Bitcoins and Litecoins) but initially accessible with the same private keys.  Please see my other comments in this thread for details.  When transacting with another party, each client must be aware of which version the other party is expecting or sending; mix-ups would be like a client sending Litecoins to someone who was expecting Bitcoins.
Gavin expects that most players will upgrade before the fork, so BTC.old will die instantly at the scheduled date, and everybody will go on using BTC.new without noticing any change (except occasional blocks bigger than 1 MB).   
Even of there were a significant number of "rebels" refusing to upgrade, I would expect that BTC.old would die soon after the fork, because of its much lower block rate.  Knowing this, players with no ideological motivations would upgrade before the fork.
@_date: 2015-05-19 03:43:55
The title starts "Bitcoin, with over 100,000 transactions per day".  If that is to be proof that it is alive, we must check what those transactions actually are,  If 100% of those transactions were fake traffic -- between addresses controlled by the same person -- bitcoin would be a walking corpse.  
In reality, it is not 100% fake, of course; but there is evidence that only 10% or less of the traffic is e-payments, the remained being various kinds of non-commercial transactions.  And there are other clues that say that commercial use has been stagnating or decreasing since early 2014.
So it is not dead, but not very healthy either.
@_date: 2015-05-24 07:27:54
When trying to discern a trend, people generally give more importance to the last 6 months than to the last 12, more to the last 12 than to the last 18, etc..  You may not be impressed, but most people become wary of bitcoin when they see that the general trend since Jan/2014 (or since Nov/2013) has been down.
However, trends are illusory, on any time scale (except maybe in the 1 to 5 minute scale, on high-volume echanges).  A year ago, you would see everywhere a log-scale historical price chart, with a straight line fitted to it and extrapolated "to the Moon".   I haven't seen that chart in months -- since the price has clearly stopped following that straight line.
A year ago there was also a popular theory that price "bubbles", each multiplying the price by a large factor,  happened almost regularly, every 6 to 9 months on average.  Now, 18 months after the last bubble, that theory has been severely discredited.  While there may still be more bubbles, there is no reason now to expect them.
So it is no longer possible to claim that future prices can be predicted from the past prices.  That apparently is no news to those who did more rigorous statistical (rather than visual) analysis of stock prices.  Their conclusion is that the best predictor for tomorrow's price is just today's price, ignoring all that happened before.  That is, future price changes (in log scale, i.e. in percentage terms) are random and unrelated to previous price changes.
If one wants a better prediction for the price of a stock, one must look beyond the price itself, at the "fundamentals" that determine its demand and supply.   For an ordinary company, those fundamentals are the products that it makes, the demand for those products, competitors, costs, etc.. Those real-world factors usually change slowly with time, so they are somewhat easier to predict. How many cars will people buy next quarter? Well, it usually is about as many as last quarter; and if that number has been decreasing 10% every quarter for the last 4 quarters, it is likely that it will decrease 10% again -- because the causes of the drop in demand are likely to continue to exist in the next quarter.  These predictions of product demand can be translated into predictions of profits, hence of dividends; these strongly determine the "fair price" of a stock.  (Basically, if the company is expected to distribute $10 of dividends per share over the next few years, then buying it for 100 $/share is expected to give a 10%/year return over investment, whereas buying for 1000 $/share would give only 1%/year return.)  Other concrete items, like commodities and real estate, can be analyzed in terms of "fundamentals".
This kind of analysis is not possible for instruments whose price is not determined by dividends and other fundamentals, but by speculation -- people buying an instrument only because they expect to be able to sell it for a higher price in the future.  Some speculation happens with ordinary stocks and other concrete items too, but it is usually curbed by fundamental analysis.  For items that do not pay dividends and have small or null utilitarian demand, the price may be almost entirely determined by speculation.  Gold is now in that state, and so is bitcoin.  And speculative prices, unlike those grounded in "fundamentals", are totally unpredictable: they can easily drop by 90% or grow by 1000% in a few days, with no prior warning.
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:55:50


The peaks seem to occur on Saturdays (or maybe Sundays or Friday's, depending on the time zone) Guess: mining pools paying out to individual miners.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:20:27
OK, but the original question was not by me.  And it was about including both n+1 blocks as ancestors of a single n+2 block.  Of course it would require an extension of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-01-04 01:40:34
Many people who have shares of SecondMarket's BIT fund must be trying to liquidate (withdraw).  The money they will get for each 10 shares is the *current* market price, 280 $ (say).  If the fund managers saw it coming, they may have sold the BTC earlier at 320$ (say).  Then, on top of the fees, the management will make 40$ profit from each 10 shares.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 22:07:38
Sorry I am just looking at this now.  How does the block finder know that the set of txs that he included is too different from the set that everybody else has seen, so he needs to send a bigger IBLT?
Could the block finder include too many of txs of his own that he knows that other miners don't know, in order to prevent them from starting to work on the next block?
 
@_date: 2015-01-08 19:02:41
No ETA?
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:13:28
Does anyone know the specs of their chip (GH/s and power consumption?)
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:17:09
The conclusion "guy told lies" --&gt; "guy has no credibility"  is plain good common sense.  "Affirming the Consequent" is not that.
@_date: 2015-05-11 12:20:23


It is better only to those who believe in the libertarian/ancap ideology and put it above convenience.  That is my point.
@_date: 2015-05-17 11:51:41
What a silly question.  Haven't you ever looked at a map?  Or at this [**famous photo**](
If the axis was horizontal intead of vertical, we would have all sorts of problems.  We would flip head over heels every 24 hours; that would be very uncomfortable, you must agree.  And polar bears would just slid off the slippery ice or the Arctic.  And Australia would no longer be Down Under.  
@_date: 2015-05-22 08:22:45
Well, the direction has been "down" for almost 18 months now.   Shouldn't you at least wait until the direction reverses, before calling him stupid and idiot?
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:21:28
Also the proposal calls for the device-generated entropy and the user's input to be displayed every time, not just at audits.  On one hand, that is necessary (the device must not know when it is being audited), but it also exposes all the information that a hacker would need to duplicate the private key.  Even if the information is only displayed on the device, in such a way that it cannot be copied by computer, it could still be stolen by a hidden camera.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:22:28
In terms of the effect on the price (or purchasing power), one shoud consider the 13.7 milltion, not the 21 million.  In fact one should subtract from that number the coins that will be held off the market for the near future.  Then the effective inflation will be much higher, on the order of the price drop (&gt;65%/year).
If the inflation were to be computed over 21 milion BTC, instead of 13;7, then one shoudl do the same for the dollar, by using the total amount of dollars that will ever be printed in the future, until the dollar becomes history.  I have no idea what that number is, but it is some finite number much, much larger than the dollars that exist today. So, computed by that method, the inflation of the dollar will be practially 0%, even if tomorrow the Fed will double the amount of money that exists now.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:08:06
None of those things are being marketed as fabulous investments or hedges against inflation or good options for savings &amp; retirement funds, like bitcoin is.  Anyone who tried to do that would be a scammer.
I haven't heard of people selling their house and car to invest in baseball cards or comic books.  I haven read of marriages that broke apart because one partner became obsessed with art trading.  I have read several cases of people who went through that for bitcoin -- because of fabulous promises by bitcoin holders.
@_date: 2015-01-13 06:00:17
PS. But TelexFree was surreal. In one of Brazil's poorest states, at its peak some 40% of the adult population was a TelexFree representative.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:19:30
MtGOX had over 1 million accounts, but the database leak showed that only 70'000 or so were minimally active.
@_date: 2015-01-03 14:54:53
But Federal laws trump State laws, no?  And the IRS rules on the Federal income tax.  
It may have an effect on the Calfornia State income tax perhaps.
@_date: 2015-01-09 05:01:04
As an Indian economist shrewdly observed, "it is not a *deliberate* ponzi".
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:16:17
Most bitcoiners, you mean? ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:21:58
Indeed, it seems that I did not understand your points, because your "solution", as I understood it, does not work.  Where are my replies failing to negate them?  For starters, how does a note become "trusted"?
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:52:50
Let's suppose that most miners will want to upgrade, but most clients will rather stay with 1 MB max blocks.  Or vice-versa.  How exactly would the clients force their choice on the miners?
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:45:56
Many discoveries and inventions are indeed made while scientists were looking for something else entirely.  
However, bitcoin is not a scientific discovery, it is an engineering artifact.  In engineering, one chooses a well-defined purpose, then puts together the parts and processes that best achieve that purpose.  An engineer does not spend two years designing and optimizing an airliner in all details, and, when it fails to fly, tries to use it as a submarine.
Bitcoin's blockchain, mining process, and all other features of the protocol are what Satoshi thought were the best choices to achieve the intended purpose, namely a p2p payment method without trusted intermediaries etc..  If the purpose is going to be redefined as something else -- timestamping documents, notarization, interbank settlemens, whatever -- then one should state clearly the new purpose, and design the best possible system to achieve that purpose, from scratch.  Not ask around "what are the applications of the bitcoin blockchain". 
@_date: 2015-05-07 16:04:59
How will the user distinguish a good miner from a bad miner who hasn't yet got  to post a block?  Or from a bad miner who posted a good block just to grab the tips from grateful users?
It would be like a BankOfAmerica client giving rewards to Citibank and WellsFargo if BoA raises his fees or does something nasty with his account.  I don't think that there will be many bitcoin users doing that.
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:19:16


This sounds a bit ominous... O.o
@_date: 2015-05-21 11:40:21
A "ledger" is a book where transactions are recorded.  Gold is definitely not a "ledger", and never was.  Perhaps you mean "currency"?
@_date: 2015-05-07 04:15:51


The fees would have to be raised, of course; thus inhibiting most of the frivolous use of the blockchain that is today encouraged by the fiction of "nearly zero transaction costs".
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:40:36




No, sorry, not "just as" by a long shot.
You cannot buy illegal stuff -- drugs, weapons, stolen passports, whatever -- from distant merchants with cash.  You cannot pay with cash for downloading child porn or stolen personal data from a dark net site. You cannot demand payment in cash for shares of a bogus company listed in an unregistered Panamanian market.  You cannot demand cash from victims of your ransomware virus.   You cannot take all the cash from the wallet of someone on the other side of the Earth.  And so on and on and on.
Bitcoin may not have made significant inroads in commerce yet, but it did revolutionize scamming.
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:16:21
A single miner cannot do harm, because the protocol is such that the majority will quickly prevail.  But, by the same token, if a company or cartel gets a majority of the hashpower, they can do many nasty things.  For example, they can block any addresses or transactions that they don't like, including the block rewards of miners who are not part of the cartel.  That gives them power to persuade clients to upgrade to a modified protocol.  
That is why there was a general scare not long ago, when ghash.io reached about half of all the network's hashpower.  
@_date: 2015-05-06 23:37:11


Correection: you stubbornly insisted in using trade volume as a measure of hoarding, even though they are totally unconnected. ;-)


It went up from 120 to 1200 by climbing the Chinese mountain, then it came down by 1000. Gee, which mountain could have came down from? ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-19 19:58:45


That.  Bitcoin is not *infinitely* divisible.  The smallest amount of bitcoin that can be handled independently is 0.00000001 BTC = 1/100'000'000 BTC = one hundredth of a millionth of a bitcoin, commonly calleda "1 satoshi".  The "production" will stop after 210000 blocks have been verified with a block reward (the mechanism that creates bitcoins) of 1 satoshi. The next block reward should be 1/2 satoshi, which gets rounded down to 0.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:59:59


But isn't there a risk that someone will record the information of which input maps to which output? (Tumbling services can record that information, for example, and use it to blackmail or deliver it to the parties that the payment was to be hidden from.)
I suppose that those long value-grinding sequences of transactions seen in the blockchain are necessary because the joined inputs and/or outputs must have about the same size, otherwise it is easy to guess which goes where.
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:12:33
It only considers one possible collapse (demand growing beyond the block capacity).
@_date: 2015-05-16 21:50:25
Yes, but that is only their current "playing position" in the negotiaitons.  One day they will reach an agreement about a single boundary line, and you can be sure that it will not leave vacant spots.
@_date: 2015-05-17 11:29:28
On 2015-01-01 the price was ~315.  Then it dipped to ~152, rebounded almost immediately to ~215, where it stayed for a week or so.  Then it rallied quickly to ~310 on some silly rumor, only to drop just as quickly, and was ~225 by 2015-02-01.  After 12 days at that level, it spiked to ~270, then fell back to ~240.  After another 10 days, around 2015-03-01, it started to rise again and reached briefly ~300 some two weeks later.  Then it started falling again, by a few sudden drops and steps -- ~260, then ~245, then ~255, then ~225, ~235, and back to ~225, then ~240 on 2015-04-30.  The price has been relatively stable only in the past 17 days, when it bounced up and down in the range ~225 to ~245 (±4%).   
Bitcoin is useless as a unit of commercial accounting, not only when it drops but also when it rises.  Imagine that you bought stuff wholesale for 100 BTC and promised to pay the supplier in 30 days, counting on selling it for 110 BTC to your customers.  But then, the next day, the price of bitcoins doubles. So you get only 55 BTC from selling that stuff, but you still owe 100 BTC to the supplier.
A company that keeps their money as bitcoins does not know the meaning of "accounting" or "financial planning".   Don't expect it to survive for long.
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:16:44
The proposal does not seem to guard against intermittent backdoors.  E.g. if a malicious wallet ignores the user input and picks a weak private key once every 100 times, it may never be caught by an audit, but it will still be a significant backdoor.
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:44:13
There are plenty of lost and forgotten bitcoins, and bitcoins that the owners don't care to spend, like your hypothetical dollar bill.  (I myself have a 50 euro cent coin right next to my keyboard, among all the other junk on my desk.)  But I doubt very much that those coins are enough to influence the price.  
What is sustaining the price at 240 $/BTC is people who are holding on to coins because they expect that they will be worth more than that at some future time, whether minutes or decades away.  The problem is that there will be nothing to sustain the price at that expected higher level on that future, except the expectation of even higher prices at some time even further ahead; and so on, indefinitely. 
@_date: 2015-05-16 18:37:23
[Why did not people think of doing that with credit/debit cards?](   
@_date: 2015-01-22 11:24:05
I **told** them to store the forum's database on the blockchain. But they didn't listen.
@_date: 2015-01-31 14:14:24
AFAIK the agency that must aprove the ETF is the SEC not FINRA.  
The Winklevoss twins have plans for their own exchange (Gemini), but [**their most recent amended filing to the SEC**]( (Dec/2014) does not mention either Gemini or the new Coinbase exchange.  Instead it says that the nominal value of the shares will be an index produced by another Winklevoss company from the USD prices at  yet-unspecified exchanges:


@_date: 2015-01-04 17:24:54
Since there are thousand steps per day, all similar to each other, it is almost certain that they are issued by the same entity.  Therefore the bulk of the coins are not changing hands.  If the bulk amount is 50 BTC, a thousand of those steps creates 50'000 BTC of volume; but there were not 50'000 coins changing hands.  For any useful purpose, those 50'000 BTC are fake volume.
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:16:47
Price differences between exchanges are exploited by arbitrage traders.  Their profits are losses for other traders.  A distributed exchange with a single global order book would eliminate arbitrage, and therefore improve the odds for other ~~gamblers~~ traders.
@_date: 2015-01-09 05:31:26
Leap years were defined in the 1500s based on earlier models; can be excused by the stage of science at the times; they are predictable, so one can print a calendar for any year after that, even 10000 years from now, with a 10-line program.  Leap seconds were defined in the age of modern science, and are unpredictable, so you cannot compute the number of seconds between 2016-01-01 00:00:00 and 2017-01-01 00:00:00 until you are almost there.  There are no words in the dictionary for such level of stupidity.
@_date: 2015-01-22 15:46:07
OK, the problem is that I am very pessimistic about the long-term future of bitcoin.  I don't expect it to be remebered 20 years from now, much less 120 years.
@_date: 2015-01-24 03:33:28
That may be the case.  The way the price of bitcoin will be determined is a weak spot in their [**SEC filing**](  If I understood correctly, the Winkles propose to use their own price index, that combines the prices from unregulated exchanges in Slovenia, HongKong, etc....
@_date: 2015-01-11 07:10:19
OK, I just found the words 'change hands' inapprpriate.  
Just for one example, the transactions for the preparation and payout of the last USMS auction generated ~530'000 BTC of traffic on the blockchain, but only 50'000 BTC actually changed hands.
@_date: 2014-12-30 14:42:31
Thanks.  I read that, but it does not seem to answer the questions people have been asking.  
For instance: could one implement "MtGOX 2.0" on a sidechain, with scammed clients and all?
Alternatively:  Joe moves 10 BTC to NuSideChain, sells the corresponding 10 NuSideCoins to Bob but thanks to a bug in the NSC code they get duplicated so both have 10 NSC each.  Then Bob's private key is compromised by another bug in the code, and his 10 NSC are stolen by Carl, who sends them back to the blockchain as 10 BTC.  Is Blockstream fine with that? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 16:46:21
Volume goes up when price is changing fast, up or down.  Most of the volume is traders using fast robot scripts.  These will be the last to leave, since they make money at the expense of the amateur hand traders.
Back in April-May the five leading Chinese exchanges, scared by government tightening of the rules, released a joint statement admitting that high-frequency trading and leverage trading were harming the small investors, and pledged to limit those practices, among other "we are cleaning up our act and being good boys" pledges.  Some months later, Bobby Lee of BTC-China accused the other exchanges of having broken that pledge (didn't get exactly how).
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:25:38
When people say "it is a ponzi" they mean simply that the profit of the early adopters comes from the investment of the late adopters.  Which is absolutely true for bitcoin.
The canned reply "it is not a ponzi because there is no operator"  does not deny that fact or dispels any misunderstanding, it only reinforces the bad image that outsiders have of bitcoiners.   Like the neighbor who arrogantly says, "My dog cannot have bitten off your kidś finger, because it is not a dog but a domesticated coyote".  
Ponzis are not bad because they have an operator, but because they are a means by which some people frudulently take money from other people by promising them fabulous profits.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:48:19
Well, nothing can be paid for with bitcoin that cannot be paid for with another currency.  With Esperanto you can converse with anyone anywhere in the world, as long as he/she knows Esperanto -- just like bitcoin.
But surely the columnist was referring to higher level.  The early Esperantists, like some bitcoiners, hoped that it would take over the world, remove national boundaries, end wars, etc.. For some, it even became a religious cult.  Reality however proved tougher than expected...
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:16:30
Most of those statements are still quite valid, and being proved right by the numbers.  Why are many bitcoin advocates now saying "forget bitcoin, the blockchain is what matters"?
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:12:58
Overflows should be avoided, not caught: if the client catches one, what can it do? 
If the program allocates a buffer dynamically to hold a block, there is a risk that the allocation will fail.  What should it do then?
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:15:48


The last I heard of it, Ecuador was building a national digital payment network. But it would be centralized (run by the Central Bank) and would use the US dollar as currency (presently the official currency of Ecuador).  To clear the way for it, Ecuador banned all cryptocurrencies.
That would probably be the path of any country that decides to switch to a digital currency. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:57:48


Obligatory quasi-quote: "just not nearly as shitty as all the others".  8D
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:59:24


That has always been true, in fact it is a tautology...
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:20:27
I know that, but PayPal does not allow any sort of trading between client accounts. So there is no risk of MtGOX-like situations where the clients think that, all together, they have 10x more money in their accounts than they ever deposited. 
I cannot imagine the FDIC agreeing to blindly insure the client trading accounts of a bitcoin exchange -- individually, up to 250'000 USD -- against screw-ups *by the exchange*.  Especially after MtGOX and all the other hacked exchange incidents.
Neither Circle, nor Coinbase, not itBit have mentioned passthrough insurance, nor said explicitly that *individual* client accounts are insured against *their* screw-ups.  Coinbase FAQ only mentions FDIC insurance of Coinbase's account against screw-ups *of the bank*. 
So I will stay with my assumption that "FDIC insured" is one of those what-you-get-is-not-quite-what-you-thought-they-meant things...
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:23:26
I meant that I agree that a PoW blockchain without a currency does make much sense. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:53:28
Bitcoin fees are **not** a free market.  Free market requires that clients be free to choose the supplier after knowing the terms of sale (price, delay, insurance, etc.)  When a bitcoin client submits a transaction, he has no idea what will be the price (fee) that the miners will demand, cannot choose which miner will serve his request, and will never know why the miner who mined the last block failed to include his transaction in it.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:50:14


That is why money processing fees are set to (flat fee) + (percentage of amount processed), rather than just a flat fee.  Bundlers are generally not good for the system (they usually increase the delay and risk), and why should the miners let others collect revenue that they could collect instead?
@_date: 2015-01-06 08:43:55
Bitstamp knows the address(es) where their coins were stored.  The coins could be (and were) traced from those addresses..  It would not make any difference if the thief had moved them to 1000 addresses instead of that single one.  He can still move them any way he wants to.
Bragging would be very risky, because the messages could be traced back to him.  Demanding monetary ransom would be even worse.  In contrast, the theft could have been done automatically by malware, that may have been downloaded by Bitstamp or a hacker at an earlier time, allowing the culprit to erase his tracks.
The coins are as inaccessible in that address as if they were in Siberia or North Korea.
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:31:27
AFAIK there is no fixed number of amendments.  Submitting an amendment is a sign that the facts stated previously (e.g.: "the main exchange is MtGOX") have changed so much that the evaluation by the SEC woud be compromised if they were not corrected.  That they are at the fifth amendment already is embarassing, not encouraging.
According to [**that amended filing**]( the Trust will sell shares to authorized resellers in "baskets" of 50'000 BTC.  It is up to the resellers to sell their shares by retail on NASDAQ.
@_date: 2017-02-17 15:39:35


But the guys below that top layer were not paying 120 sat/byte because they were OK with a 10-hour wait...
No one knows what is the "somewhat higher".


Bitcoin was not designed to run congested, with an arbitrary block size limit set by some developer.  It was not meant to have day-long backlogs and a force users into a number guessing game. By design, miners were supposed to include all transactions that they received in their next block.  
And bitcoin was meant to be a network of miners, run by miners, for the benefit of miners.  Unfortunately, instead of the hundreds of thousands anonymous and independent miners that Satoshi expected, you now have most of the hashpower in a dozen big pools, all known and most of them in the same country.  In retrospect, the centralization of mining was almost predictable, and it is unavoidable.  
But you cannot fix that flaw by the hack of a tight block size limit.  That hack will have no effect on centralization; only makes the system much less usable than the original design.
@_date: 2017-02-02 06:59:42


Sorry, I didn't understand the question.
With the chosen block reward schedule, that stops just below 2^51 satoshis, 16 decimal digits are necessary and sufficient to write any satoshi amount.  With his choice of 1 bitcoin = 10^8 satoshis, that means 8 digits before and after the decimal place.  The minimum amount of bitcoins that can be handled is 0.00000001 BTC, and the maximum possible amount (all the bitcoins that there will ever be) is 20999999.97690000, exactly.  
If he had opted to use the full integer range of the IEEE double precision format, up to 2^53, the max amount would be 4 times as much; but 16 digits would still be necessary and sufficient to write down any amount of satoshis.  He would then need a different reward schedule, e.g. starting with 200 x 10^8 sat/block instead of 50 x 10^(8).  With the same choice of 1 BTC = 10^8 satoshis, the max BTC amount would then be a bit less than 84 million, and could still be written exactly with 8 digits before and 8 digits after the decimal point.
As I wrote, the definition of 1 BTC = 10^8 satoshis was another arbitrary and independent choice. He could not predict what would be the value of the currency in the future.  Perhaps he chose the nominal unit to be 10^8 satoshis because that would be the middle of its range in log scale.  Namely, typical prices of ordinary things would be about equally hard to write and read if 1 BTC became worth 1000 USD, or 1/1000 USD.  
Or perhaps he just though that putting the decimal dot smack in the middle of the 16 digts would maximize the legibility of bitcoin amounts, big or small.


Could be a psychological consideration like that.  But I do not think that he had any clear expectations about the value of the currency.   I don't think that he thought that bitcoins would be a highly lucrative investment, until Hal Finney pointed out that possibility to him.
For the first year or so, its value was not even well defined,  By the time MtGOX opened, 1 BTC was worth much less than 0.01 USD.  It was day-trading speculation inside MtGOX that first made the price increase at the "moon launch" rate.  
Satoshi's views on the "scaling problem" -- rather, his claims that it dd not exist -- mean that he expected usage to grow rather slowly, significanly less than the growth of computing power per dollar predicted by Moore's Law (~58% per year).  
He may have been conscious that the unit value of a currency is proportional to volume V of payments made with it,  and inversely proportional to the amount N in circulation.  The latter would be growing at 100%/year by the end of 2009, and 50%/year by the end of 2010.  So, even with a 50%/year growth in V, the price should have been dropping through most of that time.  
Thus, I don't think that he would have thought that a 500 BTC reward might be considered excessive by others.  If he worried about that, he should have been more worried about himself amassing a hoard with more than 10% of all bitcoin supply that there will ever be (which, by 2010, was already a known fact, independent of the 10^8 choice).  **That** should have been a much bigger worry for bitcoin investors.
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:46:01
Even hardware wallets.  Do not buy them from resellers, and pray that the employee who packs the device for shipping is honest... 
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:09:04
Almost everybody on the planet has grown up with the notion that gold is valuable.  That collective notion is not going to change quickly, hence gold can be expected to retain some substantial value for years to come, even if its price falls.  Bitcoin, on the other hand, is valued by less than 1 million people only, and they may totally lose their interest in it from one day to the next. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:27:50
You finish saying that 25% of the coins change hands each month.  Surely you meant 'change address'?  
I believe that less than 10% of the output volume in the blockchain is bitcoins really changing hands (even after excluding obvious change-back outputs).  Most of the transactions seem to be coins moving between addresses owned by the same person or company.
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:35:11
"Why do they want to prevent me from selling my bitcoins over the next six months? Do they know something that we don't know?"
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:55:25
Right. Or also the trading software could have a bug that causes it to update the accounts incorrectly.  When a trade of X bitcoins for Y dollars occurs, the software should subtract X BTC and add Y USD to the seller's balances an add X BTC and subtract Y USD from the buyer's.  If one of these four operations fails, the sum of all balances will no longer match the amounts held by the exchange.  
@_date: 2015-01-05 01:06:25
From 2013-04-09 to 2014-01-04 (~20 months, day avg prices):  +12.5%
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:00:29
No, it needs not assume anything about him, just as one need not assume anything about other investors.
Said another way: Miner Joe is a pure simple-minded miner, Investor Joe has all of Joe's greed, (ir)rationality, inertia, etc.  The point is that it is not necessary to model miners as having complex trading strategies.  We can assume that miners only mine and sell, and lump all their holding and dumping actions together with the actions of the pure investors in a single "investor population" model.
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:31:52
Really?  It got that low?
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:17:35
Arbitrage traders will promptly step in whenever a new exchange opens, to profit from any difference in price (and, as a consequence, erase it).
In the arbitrage game, the owner of an exchange has a clear advantage over indpendent arbitragers, because he can see new orders in his books a few seconds before them. For the same reason, he also has an advantage over other clients of his exchange, and could use that to take some unexpected profits that would otherwise go to them.  
In Bitcoinland there is no law against the owner of the exchange having an incognito account in it, for those purposes.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:22:00
That was an empirical rule for bitcoin that, like all rules of thumb, was 100% valid until it was no longer valid.
@_date: 2015-01-01 21:49:54
The dot-com bubble was similar but much bigger.  There was this free and open protcol {WWW|Bitcoin} running on an existing open infrastructure {internet|Bitcoin miners}.  As soon as the commercia potential of the protocol was vaguely perceived, young enthusiastic entrepreneus rushed to create {thousands|hundreds} of ventures, taking {tens of billions|hundreds of millions} in venture capital, to exploit bright but vague ideas without consistent business plans. Some of that capital went to expand the infrastructure, but most of it went to ventures that were supposed to exploit it.
The difference is that the WWW and the internet allowed people to do things that were not possible before, and do other things much more cheaply and easily than before.  Whereas bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:44:44
Interesting... Is there an authoritative record of that?  (The proceedings of many court cases are online in goverment sites, it seems.)
EDIT: I saw now the posts on the eBay story.  Leopard spots indeed.
@_date: 2015-05-02 03:33:38
Well, if that is the case, then the bitcoin companies have a good argument to demand a change in that point. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 19:21:34
"Detractors"? Of what?  
It is a fact that the last halving (on 2012-11-26) did not have any visible effect on the price, that remained flat for another 5 weeks.  (A new bubble started on 2013-01-06, but there is no evidence that it was connected to the halving, and some evidence that it was due to demand in China.)
One explanation for that lack of reaction is that the miners were still operating at a large profit, so they were saving a large part of their coins.  After the halving, they continued selling the same amount to pay expenses, and either saved less, or started to spend their hoarded coins.
If the price does not rise before the next halving, the situation will be quite different.  Mining is much more an industrial activity that cannot just operate at a loss "for the good of bitcoin".  It is widely believed that, after 15 months of price decline, the miners who are still operating are barely making a profit, so they must be selling almost all of their coins.  The next halving may therefore force many of them to turn their equipment off, and those that remain will be selling only half as many coins per day as they used to.  So the price may start climbing after the halving, until a new equilibrium is reached.  It does not seem likely that the price will double, though.
However, over those last 15 months, the price has dropped ~9% per month, on the average, even though the supply of mined coins was constant all that time.  The mined coins cannot be blamed for all that loss.  So, it is impossible to tell what will happen to the price after the next halving.
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:14:37
... unless the miners *really* want to change the protocol.  Then they can force the others to accept the change.  But, in this case, the stakes are too small for them to bother. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:40:18


By "forking" I suppose that you mean an incompatible protocol change that requires version-stamping transactions and blocks so that it *potentially* splits the coin into two independent altcoins.
It seems naive to me to expect that there will be no more such forks.  The protocol is not a divine creation; it has several known flaws that just have not had time to kill it, and surely more will be discovered in the future.  Forks will be necessary to fix those flaws, and to improve the protocol so as to remain competitive with future altcoins.  
Instead of fighting forks, bitcoiners should worry about how to make them happen in the least traumatic way possible.  Basically, convince everybody to upgrade early, provide libraries to help the adaptation of independently developed software, get major services and mines on board, and hope that the old chain will die immediately after the fork. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:37:50
You may also want to check the [**list of risks and warnings**]( that the Winklevoss twins included in their request to SEC to get approval for their COIN ETF.
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:08:19
I don't think that it is so much a question of money, but of legal obligations.  They may have had a choice before accepting his money, but now I believe Garza could sue them if they do not let him speak as promised earlier.  Unless the conference announcement said explicitly that scheduled talks may be canceled by decision of the management, with no justification, with refund of fees.
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:02:25
Well, I don't think that it *should* be that way.  The Satoshi protocol was supposed to work without assuming ideological commitment of users to keeping it unchanged.  On the contrary, the protocol assumed that every player would choose his actions according to his self-interest, and *that* would keep the protocol working.  In fact, being a practical man, "Satoshi" must have expected changes in the protocol (like there have been already, without any widespread revolt).  
But even if the users *should* sacrifice their money to prevent any change to the protocol, I believe that very few of them know or agree that they should do that. 
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:46:51
The site is good enough for its contents, except that it has not been really maintained.
For example, the uploading of avatars was disabled years ago on some bogus security concern, and never re-enabled.  Also, Google search is broken because posts change locations when other posts are deleted. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 00:26:28
Well, one cannot meaningfully put a probability on hackers doing something.  If that is a way (or the only way) to steal a lot of money, they are going to try it, and will look hard for ways to make it succeed...
@_date: 2015-01-09 15:35:05
The speaker is in the exact same position and pose.
@_date: 2015-01-18 15:17:24
You know, in all the 63 years of my life before I started looking into bitcoin, I would never have imagined that someone could *want* to put their money into a declared ponzi.
@_date: 2015-01-13 22:12:04
Well, he shouldn't have asked the question, if he did not want answers.
People who invested in bitcoin have lost lots of money -- on paper, if not in reality.  That can be viewed in many ways, but it can't be denied.
@_date: 2015-01-25 05:00:48
That would leave only posts by people who hope to profit from the post: company owners, employees, and paid shills, sellers, scammers, …
Reddit's  voting forces every reader to see or not see the posts that the majority likes.  Bitcointalk.org has an "ignore" button that lets each reader decide whose posts he wants to read or not.  Methinks it is more of a "freedom" thing...
@_date: 2015-01-03 14:57:40
Connectivity should be good enough for an ATM (even for a bitcoin node) in most cities.  The problem may be low level of bitcoin use.  It would not pay for the machine, even with 10% fees.
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:26:03
My tea leaves claim that they are just two bored sixth-graders in Bulgaria.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:23:08
IMHO, the Chinese speculators are still dumping and leaving.
@_date: 2015-05-11 23:20:07
The block size may have to be increased eventually, but right now there is not enough real use of bitcoin as currency to fill the current block size.  Possibly 90% or more of the traffic is pointless; it exists only because the cost of processing, validating, and securing the transactions is paid by new investors who buy the mined bitcons, instead of the users who issue the transactions.  
I don see any interest from major players in correcting this aberrant mining economy, and cannot imagine such interest developing in the future.  So, in my view, the issue is whether to keep the 1MB limit, and let real users feel inconvenienced by all the garbage; or expand to 20 MB so that the garbage can keep growing without restrictions.  Meh.
@_date: 2015-05-17 12:21:40


Whoa.  I don't know which one would be more bizarre: them using Brock's name, or Brock being actually their boss.
@_date: 2015-05-25 03:41:55


Except that a good currency is one which no one wants to hold for more than necessary to spend it.  Speculation is the opposite: it's holding on to the thing longer than necesary, in the hope of exchanging it for *more* than it was acquired.  A currency that grows in value is a bad currency (and bitcoin is providing a good example of that law).
There is an equation for the value of a currency in terms of how much commerce is going on, the total amont of the currency in circulation, and the mean time between reuses of the same coin.  Bitcoin's price now is at least 20x what that equation says.  
@_date: 2015-05-22 05:55:19
The current price of bitcoin is defined by speculation, not usage.  (If there was no speculation, optimistic estimates of usage and holding time predict a price below 10 $/BTC).
The sidechains will sequester some bitcoins for some time, but that is no different than a person hoarding bitcoins for the same length of time (and many bitcoins haven't moved in years).  It is also not different than people depositing bitcoins into an exchange, or a fund holding bitcoins as the backing asset of its shares. 
Indeed, I am still trying to find a definition of sidechains that will clearly say that an exchange like Bitstamp is not a sidechain.
In other words, for the purposes of determining the price, one can think of a sidechain as being like a bitcoin exchange.  Having more exchanges, and more coins held in exchanges, does not *per se* raise or lower the price.  
@_date: 2015-05-29 03:10:30
They certainly *could* do it much faster than a bitcoin transfer.  It would be silly to do a bank transfer for each remittance.  But I can imagine many reasons why they would not *want* to be as fast as they technically could be.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:15:40
Indeed I am very skeptical about bitcoin's longterm survival.
@_date: 2015-05-07 05:59:58
Interesting.  (Most of the post is about "selfish mining" but the use of large blocks as a tool for mischief is discussed at the end.)
@_date: 2015-05-15 12:13:32


These numbers are absurdly inflated.  They tell how much credibility the author deserves.
Really great innovations did not have to be supported by such lies.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:05:34
So, if sidechains are merge-mined (almost) by definition, a sidechain will have to use the same linear Merkle chain and PoW scheme as bitcoin, and the bitcoin miners must explicitly decide to mine it.  Doesn't that restrict considerably the space for innovation?  For example, could one implement a cryptographically secure and transparent BTC/USD exchange (with sub-second turnaround times) as a sidechain?
@_date: 2015-01-01 22:54:35
Poor reporting (or intentionally misleading?).  They did not "file"; that was not "a final filing".
It was the 4th or 5th *amendment* to the filing they did a long time ago.  They had to amend because they now changed the state of incorporation (Delaware instead of NY) and that in turn requierd many changes to the legal verbiage.  They also used the occasion to update the description of the bitcoin "ecosystem".
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:08:29
I am not aware of any data.  However, the amount of e-payment processed by BiTpay is about 1 million US$/day.  Assuming 10x for all e-payments, that would be 10 M$/day.  The average time for re-use (between coins bought by customer, sent, sold by merchant/processor, and bought again by another customer) must be less than 30 days.  So the total value tied up in e-payments must be at most 300 M$.  Divided by the 13.6 M BTC in existence, we get ~23 $/BTC or less as the "fundamental" price (if there was no speculative investment).
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:19:23
Well, that got you some Satoshi points, but for the goal of going to college [**that may not have been a good idea**](
@_date: 2015-05-01 21:04:17
Well, one of my thories for Satoshi's disappearance is that he realized in 2010 that the bitcoin protocol does not achieve the stated goal, because centralization of mining is inevitable and the protocol has no way of fending a 51% takeover.  At least one other more genial idea will be needed to make it work. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 04:27:23
For funds that are based on stocks or other clssical assets, I can understand why there is a minimum holding period: the fund operator receives cash and uses it to buy the assets, and he would probably lose money if he were forced to sell again the stocks after a short time, in order to redeem fund shares that were recenty issued.
However, that excuse does not hold for bitcoin funds.  Since the fund is supposed to hold the coins and do nothing with them, it could redeem immediately.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:30:48
Right.  I am curious about that myself.  
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:57:25
Chris Dixon is from Andreessen and Horowitz, a major VC provider for bitcoin startups.  Marc Andreessen is a major "bitcoin evangelist".
Whom do you consider  "bitcoin expert acknowledged by the community"?  Roger Ver?  Antonopoulos?  Gary Armstrong?  (Ugh!...)
Here is the "trillion" interview with the Winkles:
CNN Money 2015-01-28: [Winklevoss twins: Bitcoin will explode beyond $1 trillion ]( 
They are talking of the market cap, so for 20 million coins it would be "only" 50,000 $/Ƀ
@_date: 2015-01-26 01:48:37
My understanding: NYSE gave money to Coinbase and became owner of a slice of it. NYSE processes over 150 billion dollars of trades per day, has more than 3 billion dollars per year of revenue.  NYSE said that the investment would help make bitcoin pricing more transparent, whatever that means.  Coinbase may be a natural place for the COIN ETF to buy bitcoins, but I expect that the first 200'000 BTC to be bough by COIN will be bought from the Winkle's personal holdings.
@_date: 2015-05-17 12:11:59


No chance of that happening, even in a Mad Max or Zombie Apocalypse future...


Bitcoin was modeled after cash, with UTXOs emulating dollar bills and coins (up to a point -- bitcoins get "melted" and "recast" into new coins during a multiple-input transaction).  The capped amount of bitcoin and its mining schedule make it totally unlike gold.  Gold will continue to be mined forever, not anyone can mine it, and the quantity mined per day varies according to the market price.
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:14:08
There is an Italian saying, "clear contracts make dear friends".  And an American one, "he who chooses to be his own lawyer has an idiot for lawyer and a fool for client".  
One thing Star Xu did wrong was to skimp on legal counsel.  A company of OKCoin's size should hire a full time competent lawyer, and not sign any contract without his vetting.  
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:44:11
Good point.  The next protocol change should include a new general rule that is mostly innocuous but happens to make those million coins unspendable.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:38:07


... for a suitable definition of "fact", that is.
With the current network, a blockchain transaction costs ~10 dollars to process and takes 20 minutes on average, or more, to be confirmed with reasonable confidence.   What you gain for this cost and delay is the absence of a central authority.  I can't quite see many opportunities for extra profits there...
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:27:58
No, legitimate stocks are not ponzis or pyramid schemes, in any sense.
When you buy stocks at IPOs you are lending money for the company to build factories etc. that will actually create new wealth (products and services).  Then you get back the proportional slice of the profits from that productive activity, and you are still owner of a slice of the factories and other assets; that is you reward for using your money to build the company, instead of spending it in caviar.  Those two things -- dividends and capital assets -- are what makes the stock valuable, and basically define their prices.  When you buy stocks from someone else, he gets back his money and you put in yours in his place, so he stops earning from the stock and you start doing that.
The above applies to long-term investents.  One can do some short-term speculation with stocks too, and even do *only* speculation with penny stocks.  As one can speculate with metals.  Speculation is a form of gambling; which is OK is the players know that it is gambling, but not OK if some of them were led to think that it was invstment.
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:58:01


Before that happens, the network would start requiring transaction fees.  Assuming that there will be no serious competition from altcoins, I would expect some flat fee below 1 US$ per transaction (sufficient to discourage spam) plus a 2-3% fee on the total output amount (since above that it would drive traffic away).   
The fee structure will influence the volume of traffic in USD/day, and the two together will determine the miners' revenue in USD/day.  In turn, that and ASIC performance (capital cost in USD/(H/s), energy consumption in J/H, mean useful lifetime) will determine the hash rate of the network.


Larger size (hash rate) of the network reduces the risk of an external 51% attack, e.g. to pull a large double-spending coup, destroy bitcoin, or force it to submit to governments.  But it does not reduce the risk of an internal attack, e.g. a majority cartel  of miners forcing a change in the protocol to postpone the next reward halving.  In particular, after the hash rate goes down, there will be lots of hash power off the plug that cannot mine honestly, but could be hired or co-opted for such an attack.


It seems inevitable that there will be "bitcoin banks" (like the exchanges and funds already are, and Coinbase and Circle may be growing into) which hold the BTC of clients in cold wallets, while the clients transact with IOUs to to those BTC.  These IOW transactions will take traffic volume off the blockchain, and therefore will depress the miners' revenue.
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:05:36
Perhaps the boy is meant to represent high-tech industry?
Allegorical illustrations have slid down a long way since Dürer, Bosch, [**Brueghel**](
@_date: 2015-05-02 18:48:44
I see that my name has been mentioned.  Well, not in vain. 8D
@_date: 2015-05-27 12:35:05
And even those 35'000 still include reshuffling between wallets held by the same person, online gambling, tumbling, depositing to/from exchanges, mining pool payouts, etc.  The actual amount and number of e-commerce transactions is unknown, but probably less than 10% of the total blockchain traffic.
Quoting from memory: one USMS auction of 50'000 coins, for example, required a couple dozen transactions with total volume close to 500'000 BTC.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:42:47
I see all of these defects, but my main concern is [8] which is a consequence of [6] and [9] (second half) which are also the causes of [7].  Also:
[11] Centralization of mining is inevitable and will negate the very goal of bitcoin.
[12] Block rewards are an economic aberration and are reponsible for [10].
[13] The transaction fee model is also economically inviable (not a free market, for one thing) and that will be evident when it wilk be time for it to replace the block rewards.
[14] The only two mathematcally possible futures for the price are zero and infinity, and obviously infinity is not practically possible.
@_date: 2015-05-18 22:23:42
More precisely, *new* shares issued by GreyScale (and bought through SecondMarket or perhaps some other indermediaries) cannot be traded for 12 months.  BIT shares that were issued more than 12 months ago (almost all of them were) can be traded immediately.
The average buy price for those mature BIT shares was about 50 USD/share (i.e. ~500 USD/BTC; and that average includes the founding members' shares, bought for ~13 USD/share).  So it is not surprising that the first sell offers were much above the nomial value (0.1 BTC/share minus some fees, i.e. ~23.50 USD/share).  
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:20:19
I asked this on perhaps you could please answer there: if a thread gets deleted for being off-topic, what happens to my comments that were in it?
@_date: 2015-01-01 04:51:03
Each one of the previous bubbles can be explained by bitcoin entering and saturating some new market, isolated from the previous ones by application, geography, whatever.
In particular, the Nov/2013 bubble was clearly caused by the opening of the mainland Chinese market by Huobi, OKCoin and BTC-China, consisting mostly of amateur commodity speculators.  The Apr/2013 bubble may have been caused by a different segment of the Chinese market, perhaps more computer-geeky types in Shanghai (home of BTC-China) and Hong Kong,  both somewhat isolated economically from the mainland.  The Apr/2011 bubble may have been the discovery of bitcoin by drug dealers, and/or the opening of the Thai market.  And so on.  
All bubbles had a similar profile at first: an exponential rise while the adoption spread through the market by "contagion", amplified by short-term speculators;  a crash, when the real user base became saturated, the speculators dumped their holdings, and some real users dumped too in panic; some oscillations driven by short-term speculators; and a plateau, somewhat below the peak, once the real usage stabilized and the speculators left.  
In most cases the plateau lasted steady for months, but in some cases it gradually deflated, with the price decaying exponentially towards the pre-bubble level.   Each bubble did not start from zero, but was added to the sum of the lasting plateaus of the previous bubbles. (That is why the initial rise and the plateau decay do not look like straight lines in log-scale plots.) 
Bubbles come in all sizes, but a bubble will stand out in the chart only if if its large compared to the sum of all lasting plateaus of previous bubbles.   That fact created the illusion of long-term exponential growth, where each bubble is N times bigger than the previous one.   In fact there is no such law, it only looks that way.
Deflation of the plateau was clearly visible after two bubbles, Apr/2011 and Nov/2013.  The former one would have returned the price to the pre-bubble level of ~2$, but was superseded by the next bubble (Jan/2012).  Deflation of the Nov/2013 bubble may still be underway, and without any further development would be taking the price back to ~130$. The deflation is clearly seen in the price of LTC, which more or less tracked the ups and down of the BTC price until Mar/2014 or so. 
However, BTC (but not LTC) had another mini-bubble at the end of May, and perhaps another even smaller one starting Nov/2014.  If the plateaus of these two smaller bubbles do not deflate, perhaps the price will reach bottom a little below the current level, 250$--300$.
According to this model, surpassing the last peak will require the opening of yet another market, with a demand comparable to that of the mainland Chinese one.  Perhaps the approval of the COIN ETF will open the market of middle-class individual investors in the US (IRA accounts, savings, etc.).  Perhaps Latin America or Africa will open too.  Anyway, if there is another large market opening in 2015, I would not dare guess what will be the peak price; it would depend on the size of that market, of course.  If there is no significant new market opening, then by 2016-01-01 the price may be 275$--300$.
This last alternative assumes that long-term holders will continue holding.  If they decide to sell too, then the price would be sustained only by the use of BTC for purchase of goods and services;  which means less than 10$/BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-27 00:21:02


Ah!  Well, it is not as flimsy as I though, but still the clients are not insured against mismanagement, embezzlement, or theft of USD funds within Coinbase.


Well, the bank will not know which clients own how much of that money, will it?  (It would require the bank to process the USD side of trades in nearly real time, 24/7.) So Coinbase can (actually) misuse that money, even though it shouldn't (legally and ethically).  


In the MtGOX bankruptcy, according to Japanese law, it seems that staff salaries came first, then secured debts, and only then the clients.  Are the priorities different in the US?  
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:18:28
That has been the routine at Houbi and OKCoin since they opened.  Zero trading fees allow the use of bots to make thousands of such small moves at no cost.
@_date: 2015-01-02 01:10:03


If "they are still working out the final details" then Paybase should not be open.


So how can they give 10% discounts?  It seems that another company did so by paying merchants with stolen credit cards.   Are they doing it too?
Services like this should not be "assumed innocent until proved guilty".  It is their burden to prove that they are legitimate.  In case of doubt, assume it is a scam, and stay away.
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:14:34
They will buy paycoins for $20 … up to 100 k USD/month, is that what it says?
@_date: 2015-01-13 07:18:13
Or, what happens if a hacker gets the private key to the deed to your house?
The problem is that knowing the private key to a blockchain address (like holding the physical key of a house) gives only *possession* of its contents, not *property*.  
A thing is your property if, and only if, the government thinks that you should have possession of it, and will use its police and law mechanisms to put you back in its possession, if someone else takes possession of it.  
In democratic regimes, there are laws  that define when a thing becomes your property, and when it ceases to be. Those laws generally do not take into account whether you have possession of it or not.
In the US, and presumably in many other countries, there are general property laws that apply to all types of "ownable" things, and therefore apply also to bitcoins.  Thus, if a thief steals the bitcoins that you bought in a legal sale, the thief has possession of them, but they are still your property.  In principle, you are entitled to get some help from the government' to try to get them back.  In practice, you will need to prove to the government that you bought them and that the thief now has control of them.
Using the blockchain to record deeds seems a bad idea for that reason:  the blockchain can record something like virtual possession, but cannot record legal ownership nor physical possession.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:15:59
That is true, thanks; and I also typed "US$" instead of "ZW$". ;-)
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:53:00
Well, to be fair, they did not change any laws; they just said that, in their view, that is what the laws always meant.
@_date: 2015-01-27 13:01:30
Sorry, by SMBIT I meant SecondMarket's Bitcoin Investment Trust.
Whatever Overstock may sell, if it works as if it were their stock or some investment fund, the SEC would probably get triggered.
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:06:08


But that is the case already when they (or any other agency) require approval before the company starts operating.


Given my views of bitcoin, I think that the SEC should have said "no" right away...


How could they do that?  There are infinitely many ways in which a company could be dishonest, or irresponsible with the clients' money...
@_date: 2015-05-25 03:03:58
Compared to 22, at 32 you have a slightly better idea of what you want and can do with the rest of your life, and what may be the consequences of certain actions...
@_date: 2016-03-13 05:55:20


O yeah?  In 5 days from Jan 09 to 14, 2015, it dropped from ~300 to ~150. On Jan 15, 2016, it dropped from ~430 to ~360.  And so on...


Sorry, it does not seem we can profitably continue this discussion.  We have too different views on everything...
@_date: 2014-03-02 02:13:39
Why should those coins have been sold on the open market, rather than off-market to a private investor?  (That would remove the constraint "not enough liquidity on the markets")
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:10:31
Do you know that for sure, or are you just assuming it?  
The sentence above was all that they said on their website (when I checked it), and it does not say that.  If FDIC was insuring individual USD accounts at Coinbase, rather than Coinbase's bank account, why didn't they say so?
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:18:37


We had a sample of that a few months ago, when a broken RNG in the javascript provided by Blockchain.info (BCI) caused a thousand private keys to be computable from the signatures, and others to be easily guessed (including at least one case of two clients generating the same private key). 
That was not a bug in the protocol itself or in the core implementation, but it did exactly what I described above.  Fortunately, most of those exposed keys were found first by a "white hat" hacker who had been monitoring the blockchain for weak signatures, the bug was fixed within a few hours, and the affected bitcoins were all colected by the hacker and returned to BCI.  If the bug had been detected first by malicious hackers, and gone unnoticed for days, it would probably have created a really messy situation. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 14:42:22
I simply mean that people in the West is giving dollars to the Chinese companies, like when they buy any Chinese product.  They get bitcoins in return; but bitcoins do not create wealth, and their market value now is probably half of what those Westerners paid for them, on the average.
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:46:55


Each honest party in a contract **wants** to have the support of that third party, in case the other party fails to deliver.  And a dishonest party must pretend that he wants it too, otherwise the other party (if he has any brains) will smell a rat and pull out.
In most countries, the government is, by law, a default third party for any contract between residents that does not demand illegal acts, even if the contract is private and not "registered" with the government.
That is, if you contracted someone privately to paint your house blue, and he painted it yellow, the laws say that you can take the dispute to the courts, even if that was not written in the contract.
But of course you had better have evidence that the contract was breached, including a copy of the contract that the court can trust.  Otherwise it will be just your word against that of the other guy, and the court may just dismiss the case.  That is why there are witnesses, notaries, digital signatures, etc..
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:56:49
Instead it offered no-one-is-responsible management by a handful of shady mining companies, no customer service at all, 12 US$ transaction fee (subsidized by inflation of 10%/year), 1 hour average to fully confirm a transaction, 60%/year loss of purchasing power, and lousy security.  No wonder it was enthusiastically adopted by 110% of the world's population.
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:30:08
However, with the current fees, they have practically no monetary incentive to do so.  On the contrary, if empty blocks have a small advantage in the confirmation race, they have an incentive to stay.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:48:10
Yes, there is no need to wait for confirmation if the two parties (ahem) trust each other, or they (ahem) trust (ahem) a third party.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:58:17
It is where "btc.com" takes you to.
@_date: 2015-01-27 05:55:18
He could put up a 1'000'000 BTC sell order on Bitstamp.  
@_date: 2015-01-12 00:06:05
I see.  People asked in that trhead why someone would refuse a free bitcoin.  I sugegsted a possible reason, that is in line with how many non-bitcoiners think of bitcoin.  There are others reasons the guy could have.  Which rule did I violate by writing that?
@_date: 2015-01-12 07:45:46
I would guess that most of the people who pay for goods and services "with bitcoin" (either directly or through a processor like Bitpay) are speculators who bought coins well below the current market price.  For them, that would be a convenient way of cashing their profit.  
People who do not have any bitcoin have little incentive to use it for e-payment, except perhaps for international and illegal purchases.  For domestic legal purchases, the hassle, risk, and cost (fees) of buying the bitcoins makes them less attractive than PayPal or other traditional methods.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:10:22
To avoid chaos, the new version of the protocol must use blocks, transaction requests, and wallets with some version stamp or format change that will make them invalid under the old protocol.  Then each version of the software will reject the other branch of the chain for being invalid, *even if it is longer*.  Thus even a minority chain will survive, ignoring the other one.
However, the original chain will necessarily have a much lower block rate after the fork, while the new chain may have its difficulty tweaked to ensure a decent rate, or even to make it more attractive to miners.  That will put the old chain at an economic disadvantage.  If the new chain is not dead at birth, I expect that it will quickly capture all players, even those who initially opted for the old one. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:23:24


As I explained above, a "business plan" is not a prediction, and does not have to be even likely.  It is just a proof, with numbers, that there is at least *one* possible evolution path for the bitcoin economy, to 20-30 years from now, that does not have bitcoin dying along the way.   
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:55:26
Because a centralized blockchain would be like a nuclear-powered schoolbus?
@_date: 2016-01-09 14:15:17
SPV clients are fairly safe if they directly contact a sufficient percentage of miners (or relay nodes that can be trusted to be run by miners).  They are totally **un**safe if they trust "full but non-mining" nodes to forward transactions and fetch blockchain blocks.
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:40:25


Now many sockpuppets are smearing OKCoin for revenge...
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:36:38
From the money velocity equation: P = V x T / N, where P is price (USD/BTC), V is volume of payments using the currency (USD/day), T is the aveage time between reuses of the same currency units (days),and N is the amount of currency in circulation (BTC).  If bitcoin was used only as a currency, N woudl be 14 million.  Plugging optimistic estimates into V and T gives less than 5 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:19:02
Yeah, but I was just pointing out that the distinction **is** important in other contexts...
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:05:00


Gold price fell 30% over the past few years.  Seems that the money that was buying it has dried up somewhat.
Please do not compare bitcoins to stocks.  Shares are titles of owneship of a slice of some company that is expected to produce concrete wealth; that is why people pay real money for them.  Bitcoins are only tokens that do not produce any concrete wealth, they may only be useful to facilitate the exchanges of real wealth.  Ask yourself, why do people pay 240 $ for 1 BTC today?
@_date: 2016-01-05 17:12:35
I think it was on sourceforge before that. I stumbled into the old repository some days ago.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:26:23


This is not true, AFAIK.  At this point there is no "option" to receive in bitcoin; Kobayashi is merely taking a poll to see how much interest there is.  If (big if) he is allowed to distribute bitcoins, and chooses to so, after September 2015 he will ask again each claimant whether he wants to get bitcoins.  Only then those who with for BTC refunds will have to open an account at Kraken.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:03:29
Besides the clients, there are hundreds of programs and scripts out there that process and analyze the blockchain in many ways.  Fixing them to accommodate a change in block size would be relatively trivial.  Any change more complicated than that will be a distributed headache.
@_date: 2015-05-24 13:03:02
That is what I meant by "that sort of thing": using your account to buy or sell for other people.   Be sure to check the TOS.
@_date: 2015-05-18 06:19:47


Isn't that what XRP is?  Sorry, I don't care about them either...


Bitcoin already has transaction fees, it is a matter of making them work.
There is a reason why bus companies centralize their fee structure, instead of letting each driver decide how much to charge for each ride, and which of the clients waiting at the stop can ride the bus.
Taxicabs are decentralized, but thank god they too have a fixed standard fee formula that any client can understand.  And they provide a minimal service guarantee, in the sense that, once you pay the standard fee, you can expect the driver to take you.
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:05:02


You could end up with bitcoin not being used, except by a few hobbyinst.  A free market does not guarantee that at least one of the current suppliers will always remain in business.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:13:28
20 MB, but sooner than Q4/2016.  With 1 MB blocks it is too easy to DDoS the chain.
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:25:13


The price of a service must be adjusted so that the *total* revenue covers the *total* cost plus suitable profit.  But the price charged to each customer must be proportional to the service rendered, as perceived by the customer; and not the cost of serving that particular customer.  
"Waiter, my friend here and I both had the same dish, how come my bill is 5$ more than his?"
"The cook told me to tell you.  While he was preparing the dishes, somebody sneezed, and that meatball there rolled off the table on to the floor, then out of the door, then through the garden and under a bush.  A kid found it and brought it back, and I had to give him a 5$ tip.  That is why."
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:39:22
I have posted my views and reasons several times.  An there is no need to check Wikipedia to understand the reason why you need to convince people to buy BTC in Brazil.
@_date: 2015-05-13 14:52:07
Well, we'll see.  Meanwhile you may browse [*this list*]( and perhaps understand why I am not yet impressed..
@_date: 2016-01-10 02:10:39
I *am* listening! Weirder and weirder...
@_date: 2016-01-05 17:11:27
Emin assumes that the majority will just mine on its own chain and leve the minority miners alone, so that the users can just ignore the majority chain.  He does not consider that a mining majority can *also* block the minority chain.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:07:36
They are two separate exchanges: OKCoin.cn for Chinese in the Mainland, OKCoin.com for international clients, based in Hong Kong (which has a semi-independent ecoomy).  It is very confusing, but I suppose they wanted to capitalize on the fame of the name "OKCoin".  
Back in May there was a general fear that the mainland exchanges would have to close due to government pressure; that may have influenced in the choice of the name.
Huobi too created an inernational version, but called it "BitVC.com".
@_date: 2015-05-15 12:41:48
Whereas "NYT and WSJ want the dollar destroyed" makes perfect sense, right?
@_date: 2015-05-18 22:51:23
There is another advantage: you don't need to trust (much) the manufacturer of the hardware wallet, and everybody in the shipping chain  from them to you who could have swapped the device for a malicious version.  So you only have to trust the software; which is in principle not worse than having to trust the firmware that you download from the manufacturer of the hardware wallet. 
Unless the USB stick manufacturers insert suitable bitcoin-stealing hardwired malware on *every* USB stick (could they do that?). 
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:52:11
That is how I read it.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:17:35
That is why scammers like Daniel Brewster absolutely love bitcoin.  Bitcoiners do not understand what is a business plan and why it is important, note even after it is explained three times to them.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:03:28


Note that all the miners who mine bitcoin could switch instantly to any clone.  Whether that is worth doing, depends on difficulty, price, legal environment, and future valorization.  The latter can be obtained with proper marketing...
@_date: 2015-05-11 11:54:50
BitPay already does that. But if you go through a centralized corporation, then what's the point of using bitcoin at all? Circle and Coinbase seem to be going that way...
@_date: 2015-05-23 03:33:41
I have lied through several periods of hyperinflation here in Brazil, like 40% month.  I lost count of how many times the currency had to be shifted by three decimals.  It is stressful and wasteful, but, surprisingly, people can surive.  For example, on payday everybody immediately invested their entire salary on special high-liquidy funds created by the banks (called 'overnight', in English), that would compensate for inflation and could be redeemed at any time.
Venezuela's current woes were brewed long time ago.  Unlike other Latin American countries, and like some Middle East states, it became totally dependent on oil export revenue.  AFAIK, it has very little domestic industry, even agriculture, and used to import everything. 
So, now that oil prices have dropped more than 50%, that basically took away 50% of their GNP, and hence of the government's revenue. Maduro has tried to hold prices down by decree and by fiddling with the official exchange rates, but that has never worked anywhere.  I guess they had to let go.
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:04:45
The service that the client receives is the confirmation of his transaction request.  
One problem is that the system does not give him any guarantee of if and when that will happen; even if his is the only transaction in the queue, and has a generous fee, it may not be included in next 20 blocks.  That is one problem.   
Another problem is the perceived injustice and arbitrariness of the system with regard to the fee.  Why should he pay more today than he paid yesterday, to get the same service?  Why should he have to pay 50 cents, while his competitor gets the same service for 5?
Finally there is the unpredictability.  In the bitcoin fee model, the client has no way of knowing how much fee he should include.  Even after submitting the transaction request, he cannot tell whether the fee will be sufficient to get through.  If the transaction is not picked up by the next block, he is not told why, and does not know what to do: just wait, or increase the fee?  When he finally decides for the latter, he again has to guess how much more to pay (and must submit a second transaction, since there is no way to cancel or modify the outstanding one.)  And then he will go back to the same indefinite waiting state.  And when the transaction is finally included in a block, he may notice that other transactions got in paying smaller fees; so he feels robbed or stupid for paying too much.
This fee model would be totally inviable in any business with a broad clientele.   It only seems to work with bitcoin because (so far) the fees are practically zero, the network was not saturated, and there are enough miners who actually try to confirm transactions.
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:11:22
AFAIK, BitPay is free for merchants only until some low monthly amount. If the sales exceed that limit, the merchant has to pay a monthly fee.   Bitpay charges a processing fee from customers, which is included when they translate the merchant's dollar price to BTC.
@_date: 2016-03-12 21:32:08
Oops, sorry, I did not mean to post in this subreddit.  I would delete the comment, but others have already replied to it...
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:48:44
But why do the mining chips have to be embedded in the devices?  My water heater, that can mine a few bits per day, does not need streaming music; while my smartphone, that downloads it, does not have enough battery power to mine anything... 
@_date: 2015-05-07 01:52:19
Charlie Lee (Litecoin creator, now at coinbase) was asked that on a Litecon thread.  He explained (as others have pointed out above) that VC capital cannot be used for that.
If a VC investor wanted to invest or speculate on bitcoin, he would do so himself; he would not hand his money over to some young nerds for them to play with his money.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:58:31
Satoshi is believed to own 1 million BTC.  A couple of other people are believed to own 100'000 BTC or more. (The winkles have 200'000 it is said; the MtGOX thief stole at least 600'000.)  


Oh sure...
@_date: 2015-05-25 09:14:20
AFAIK, it is the above:  unspent outputs can be programmed to release their coins under certain conditions.
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:49:40
And it downloads a new source every time you visit the site.  That is how 500+ BCI customers (so far) had their private keys discovered by hackers.  Fortunately a "white hat" hacker got most of the coins, but I saw a claim that one customer at least lost ~100 BTC to some other hacker.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:16:41
It may take some time for your broker to inform OTCQX, and another 15 minutes for the order to show up on their summary page.
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:53:04
OK.  But if the sidechains are not merge-mined, then they can do absolutely anything, right? Even not have any recognizable blockchain?
The paper has a list of requirements for sidechains, but  they do not seem to place any real constraints on them.  Most of the constraints (conservation of bitcoins, pegs are safe against third party attacks, etc.)  are important only if the pegs are to be implemented as new operations in the bitcoin protocol.  However, it seems that pegs can also be implemented by using ordinary transactions to send bitcoins to addresses whose private keys are created and managed by the sidechain.  In that case, the requirements are vacuous because ordinary transactions already satisfy them.  
Is this understanding incorrect?  What would the special pegging mechanisms provide that ordinary transactions can't provide?
@_date: 2015-05-23 02:41:56


Surely the cost of the miner (chip and electricity) will be a lot more than what is needed to connect the device to the Internet.  Even if the device somehow needed bitcoins to interact with the IoT (why on earth...?), it still does not make sense to mine them *on the device itself*.
If that is indeed the plan, the only thing that the mining chip will add is profit for 21.co and loss for the customer...
@_date: 2015-05-09 11:16:57
That is what I thought.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:26:38
No, I am not.  But this subreddit is not the place to discuss Brazilian politics.
@_date: 2016-03-12 21:30:09


Deflation causes hoarding, that causes volatility. Isn't bitcoin the perfect example of that?


If you merely "park" your money in an unproductive but inflation-free asset (like gold may have been before 2000), then what you say is true --  but you don't make a profit from it. 
If you save currency worth N and spend it years later when it is worth 100 x N (which is the dream of almost every bitcoiner), then you are taking wealth from others in exchange of nothing.
@_date: 2016-01-01 14:04:36
PS. There are dozens of "Daniel Brewster"s on the internet, especially from that general area.  One of them was a welder in his early twenties, who went to Cyprus (!) for the wedding of a friend, and died there in mysterious circumstances, possibly murdered.  
One can make all sorts of crazy theories out of that stuff.  Like Welder Danny having been murdered for his papers, and Neo Danny actually being Romualdas, who bought Welder Danny's papers to remain in the UK.  Or Neo Danny assuming the identity of Romualdas for a while to escape the consequences of some earlier mischief.  Or Romualdas being the mastermind of the festival scam, and Danny fleeing the UK for fear of retaliation after leaking his name.  Or aliens from Sirius C ... 
@_date: 2015-01-31 23:12:48
When a bitcoiner tells non-bitcoiners that "Microsoft and Dell accept bitcoins", he knows that they will understand something that he knows to be false; and he wants those people to believe in that falsehood.  That is lying.
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:46:00
Trezor requires you to trust the manufacturer.  That may be safer than trusting your off-line PC, but you are still depending on a trusted 3rd party authority, like when you use an exchange or buy shares of a bitcoin fund.
@_date: 2015-05-19 04:22:33
It sounds great until one tries to think of the details.  Why exactly does my toaster need to own some bitcoin? What will happen if it runs out of bitcoin?  Will I have to borrow some from my fridge and send them to it?
Will I eventually get an email from my tootpaste complaining about the outrageous fees that the toothbrush wants to charge it?
@_date: 2014-11-19 10:31:23
Suppose that block reward was abolished today, and the network had to be supported by fees only.  Guess how much the average transaction fee would have to be to provide the same revenue to miners.
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:35:29
Sometime in 2020 already, the rewards will be 1/4 what they are today.  The volume of e-payments does not seem to be growing.  Increasing fees will make it shrink.  If even with optimistic projection there is a 10x factor missing...
I still would like to see a full "business plan".  Why hasn't anyone provided one yet?
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:02:23
However, miners can set up their own nodes, many of them.  Who is going to decide which are "good" nodes and which are "bad"?
@_date: 2015-05-17 19:44:54
But it is society as a whole that must decide whether to use bitcoin and value it.  Would the citizens of the world adopt it, knowing that by doing so they will give umpteen trillions of *their* wealth to the MtGOX thief, and to a few hundred bummers who did nothing for mankind (not even help build the bitcoin system)?
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:00:18
You can split it into 1000000000000000000 pieces, but not into 1000000000000000000000000 pieces.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:14:54


I am afraid that cunning greed trumps enlightened self-interest
@_date: 2015-05-28 08:19:16




All features of bitcoin were already in Wei Dai's 1998 paper. Except one: he still had to assume a centralized ledger.   Satoshi's contribution -- bitcoin's complicated and expensive PoW scheme -- exists only for one purpose: remove the need for a central authority. 
The concentration of mining brings the central authority back: one will have to trust the top miners.  Then al the PoW and blockchain complexity is pointless, one could just use a central server with mirrors and a standard database...




The change that would end the mining aberration and reduce volatility would be an inflation fee (negative interest rate) on each input, C^(I-K) where I is the current block number, K is he UTXO's block number, and C is a constant chosen so that the fee is a few percent per year.  It would make bitcoin unattractive to investors and cause the price to drop to single digits.  Obviously it will never be implemented.


You mentioned "lower difficulty" as one thing that could solve the problems.  If it drops only a little, it will make little difference.




We have seen ever more efficient chips come out every few months for a couple of years, and that has not reduced concentration, on the contrary.  Larger miners can get the more efficeint chips faster, deploy them faster, and install them with better efficiency. 
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:26:37
For the same reason that I have been speaking and writing for reliable voting systems for the past 15 years or so.  I am a professor of computer science at a public university, paid by the taxpayers of my State; I consider that warning my compatriots about complicated computer scams is one of the obligations of my job.
@_date: 2015-05-29 05:55:22


I would like to understand better what happened in Singapore.  The only moderately established facts are that the CTO and Ver signed v7, and later the CTO sent v8 to the CEO.   
Star Xu claimed that the CTO was a friend of Ver and an ex-employee of Blockchain.info.  If true, this seems to be relevant to understanding what happened there.


I have seen an interview with Bobby Lee where he claims that the other Chinese exchanges have "fake" volume.  However, the "evidence" that he described seem to be explained by robot trading, arbitrage, etc.  
@_date: 2015-05-14 13:02:45
The fact that the price is 240 now means that everybody who still has some money to spare thinks that 250 is too much to pay for one bitcoin, and everybody who has bitcoins thinks that 230 is not enough for them to sell.
If *none* of the potential buyers -- from whales to the small investors who have scraped a couple hundred dollars from their paycheck -- are willing to buy at 250, either they *all* are conspiring to hold until the price drops, or they genuinely think that 1 BTC is not worth 250 dollars...
@_date: 2015-05-21 21:50:34
Then why not put it in the charger?
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:21:33
Sorry, what is your point?
@_date: 2015-05-09 14:23:40
Coinbase says that they have insurance (by private company) for the BTC holdings; but it is only for their hot wallet, and they also pledged to keep no more than 5% of clients' BTC in the hot wallet at any time.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:52:44
Well, I would rather have my ignorance than the wisdom of all those experts. ;-)
Why are bitcoiners so upset by that Prof's hasty prediction, while still revering the "experts" who were so flatly wrong?  At least he got the direction right...
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:59:59
An asset whose price is mostly speculative is not a good store of value.  Some people who stored some value into bitcoin got lots more than than they put in. Others lost everything (to the former ones).
If you store 240'000 USD into bitcoin now, and you need that value back a year from now, will it still be there?
If there is not even a reasonable probability of that, how can one call bitcoin a 'store of value'?
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:40:21
... and trust that the next firmware upgrades will not have a broken RNG too ...
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:00:55
Day-traders will trade the same coins back and forth many times a day,especially on exchanges that have zero trading fees.  Therfore, there is no relation between the trade volume on one exchange and the amount of coins held by the usersof that exchange.
The volume on Chinese exchanges is clearly dominated by robots (programs that trade automatically); so the (relatively modest) increase in trade volume may be just an increase in the number of robot traders.  The number of users and the total of their holdings may well have dropped, without the drop being visible in the volume data.   
Moreover, when a user dumps all his coins and pulls out, his coins are bought by someone else, so that event *adds* to the trade volume.  High volume and dropping price usually means a wave of increased pessimism among traders.
@_date: 2015-05-29 12:04:22


Those are not alternative purposes of the internet infrastructure; they are all applications of its original purpose -- efficent transfer of **arbitrary data** between computers etc etc.   
In contrast, the "blockchain 2.0 applications" are not applications of "a p2p internet payment method"; they are attempts to use the blockchain for purposes that are not payments at all.  I am sure you can see the difference.
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:20:41


No, I am the one who believes that bitcoin will not get there.  Those who claim that it will should be able to show that there is at least one way.
For example: if the price increased 10x in the next few years, the electricity consumed by miners would increase 10x, and it would be necessary to find investors willing to spend 10 M $/day to buy their mined coins.  Obviously the price will have to stop growing at some point in the future. (When?) But if the investors realize that the price will stop rising, then they will start divesting, which will cause the price to fall,  which will induce more selling -- crash.
So the price cannot grow that fast.  It must maybe double every four years, which means 20%/year ROI for investors; not bad, but it will be outperformed by some stocks.  With this schedule, the mining reward will be roughly constant in USD terms "forever" so there will be never a need to depend on fees.  But still, the bitcoin system will burn need to get an exponentially increasing amount of money from new investors each day, in order to pay 1 M$ day to the miners and return the investment of previous investors.  Unsustainable, again...


Practically none of that VC investment went into buying bitcoins.  It all went into businesses that promise to make money by selling mining equipment, or charging fees from other people who will be buying and using bitcoins.  
Could it be that those VC investors don't see a future in bitcoin, either?
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:10:17
Great read.  I have seen that cycle happen a few times...
@_date: 2015-05-05 23:09:42
Keep in mind that the average price of purchase of an existing BIT share was much higer than the current BTC price.   As a whole, BIT shareholders have invested ~68 M$, but their shares are now nominally worth ~30 M$.
Only some of the BIT shareholders would make a profit if they sold at the current BTC price, and these include the founding shareholders who should have at least 170'000 shares.  The average shareholder would have to sell at ~48 $/share in order to break even.  See [**this bitcointalk post**]( or [**this one**]( for details.
Keep in mind also that shareholders bought knowing that they would have to hold for at least a year (was it 6 months at the start?).  So they must tend to be long-term investors who are less prone to sell in the current bear market.
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:54:57


I am very skeptical about the longterm success of bitcoin.  If that makes me a troll, I can't help it...


The chain will not arrive 30 minutes later.  Instead, you will see two blocks A and B, with the same height N and same parent, arrive in that order with a 5 minute difference.  Then, six minutes later, you see one block C with height N+1 that has A as its parent.   Which block will you take as parent for your own mining, B or C?  Why?


But the honest miners will be a *minority* of the miners.  How can that minority convince the users that they are the "good guys", and not some gang of rogue miners that is trying to do some mischief (like, grabbing the block rewards)? How can they convince the users to accept the shorter, slower-growing chain as the "good" one?


That is totally not the spirit of the protocol. You trust the blockchain that you get because the hashes and signatures check out, *and it is the longest chain that you got*.  If you ever get a longer branch, you *must* discard the shorter one an consider the longer one valid, because any other decision would mean that a minority of the miners can prevail over a majority.


But you and your trusted peers would still be a minority.  The cartel members also all "trust" each other, and they have more hashpower than you do.  How can you prevail over them?


Again, that is totally against the very goal of the protocol.  It *cannot* have a forum where miners discuss things and reach a consensus.  For one thing, the cartel miners will be voting there too.  Then what?
@_date: 2015-05-11 22:53:07
The Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation does not have a "Chief Scientist" anymore.  Gavin is now employed by a Digital Currency project of the MIT Media Lab.
@_date: 2016-03-03 03:23:45
When the coordinates are not known, it ends up bein zero latitude and zero longitude.  That is a point in the Atlantic Ocean, specifically in the Gulf of Guinea, about 630 km due south of the port city of Tema in Ghana.
@_date: 2016-01-01 13:49:00


Actually he was a small crook in the UK.  Google easily turned up news of [a pop music festival in Lincolnshire that he organized](  He sold tickets, collected stall rent from food vendors -- and that was the extent of his organinzing.  When the victims complained, he said that the festival had been organized by a company, not by him personally, and that he had sold the company to a certain "Ramluda Antonictvius", so the victims should take the complaints to that company.
("Ramluda" and "Antonictvius" are not names in any language, but "Romualdas Antonovicius" is a proper Lithuanian name, and indeed[ Google found a guy with that name]( (only one):  a young Lithuanian immigrant who was in the same general Northeast England area as Danny, worked at a food packing factory for a while near Wisbech, then posted a resume on a job search site while he was living in Coventry.  Then disappeared from the internet.)
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:33:35
It is not a handful of people "manipulating" the price.  It is tens of thousands of Chinese speculators, mostly amateur, who set the price mostly by ordinary day-trading.  
Of course the vast majority of the Chinese don't know or care about bitcoin.  In China too, bitcoiners are a tiny minority, and commercial usage is nil.  But, even so, those Chinese traders dominate the market and set the price, while the "Western" exchanges are just dragged along by arbitrage.  **That** is the very unwelcome fact that the bitcoin entrepreneurs and bitcoin media want people to ignore.


"Wealthy bitcoin elite" must be people like Roger Ver? Either those guys are lying, or they are not that wealthy; because they are obviously not buying those coins that are now being offered for sale at 340$ at Bitstamp.
Fortress is one of theose huge investment groups.  They bought some bitcoins in 2013.  That investment was the only red stain on their Q1/2014 financial report.  So they quickly swapped them for equity in the Pantera fund *management* company -- one of those ventures that will make money out of bitcoin(ers) even if the price keeps falling.
Good luck with this fabulous ETF.  However, all the bitcoin funds dropped ~60% in value this year, together with bitcoin itself.  I don't know how Pantera's PBP is doing, but SecondMarket's BIT is not exactly being stormed by investors.  Why would a mutual or hedge fund, managed by professional cautious investors, buy shares of a bitcoin fund, if it has been such a losing proposition this year, if all the "bitcoin experts" were so wrong about the price -- and if the rich individuals who can invest in SM BIT **now** are not doing so? 
@_date: 2017-03-02 05:26:08
It seems just as busy as it was when I joined. It never had more than a couple dozen active users at a time.
Although it is not as exciting as it once was, I agree.  Bitcoiners keep repeating the same stupid boring mistakes all the time.  One could have thought that they would get smarter after MtGOX, but no -- they fell again and again in the same trap.  Remember Criptsy?  Does the name "Bitfinex" ring a bell?    Gone are the times when "exchange closes and eats all the customer deposits" would deserve a thread there.  Now we don't even keep count anymore.
And then there are butters (that's how we call bitcoiners there) like and who lately seem to have developed a need to troll our sub.  Maybe they made some really stupid trades or something, and need to keep their minds away from that.  We are glad to offer them a quantum of solace, but frankly they are quite boring too.
@_date: 2015-05-08 02:53:17
Is this correct?  If all miners start saving solutions with difficulty D/10, there will be 10 such solutions found within 10 minutes, but distributed among *all* miners.  It will take forever for *one* miner to collect 10 of them. Am I missing something?
~~If there are N miners, each should be saving solutions that have difficulty D/10/N instead?~~
It may be necessary to take measures to prevent miners from pooling their solutions.
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:46:57


Translation: "today I gave my bitcoin to Bitpay who sold it to some other guy who gave his dollars to Bitpay who gave them to the store".  So you got your bitcoin investment's worth back (as a PC) because some other new investor put his dollars into the system, in exchange for your bitcoin.


Thanks.  And if you think a bit more, maybe you will figure out what a pyramid schema is.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:42:12
There are many reasons to consider the current developers incompetent, but there is one reason to consider them despicable as persons: the character assassination campaign that they did against Gavin and Mike -- and are now even starting to do against Satoshi himself.
Gavin did not deploy any brilliant hacks, true; but he kept the Core software working fine from Jan/2011 to mid 2014, during which time traffic increased from ~150 tx/day to ~60'000 tx/day.   (During that time the price also rose from $0.05 to the all-time-high of $1240; but, granted, it was not his merit.)  
But then your God, Gregory Fulton Maxwell, armed with Blockstream's 30 million dollars, pushed Gavin out of the window, and took control of Core development -- bent on "saving" bitcoin by replacing Satoshi's "broken" design by his "brilliant" original fee market desgn.  The result has been there for everybody to see, for over one year: huge backlogs with unpredictable delays of hours or days, higher and unpredictable fees, stagnating traffic, easy spam attacks  -- and not a hint of the stable "fee market" that he had promised, ignoring the warnings of real network experts.  (During his tenure the price also dropped to $230, the deepest slump of bitcoin's history, and remained there for 10 months, and has still to recover the ATH value of 40 months ago; but, granted, that too cannot be attributed entirely to his "genius".)
@_date: 2015-05-12 02:21:41
The protocol was designed to meet one goal: a digital currency for P2P payments via the internet that did not require a central authority or other trusted third party.  Together with its specification, several arguments were provided that made that goal plausible.
Bitcoin was not designed to be a store of value, much less a profitable investment.  It may be one, if it ever becomes used for a significant fraction of e-commerce.  However, there are no good arguments that would make *these* goals likely.  On the contrary, there are many problems and unknowns that stand in their way.  For example, some other coin may well take its place.  Services on top of bitcoin may take most of the e-payments "using bitcoin" off the blockchain.  Its use may be outlawed by major countries.  And more.
If any of these fatal developments happen, bitcoin may never capture sufficient e-payment volume to justify its price.  Since this usage is the only "fundamental" that could justify the value of bitcoins, the price would stop increasing, or would decrease, making bitcoin into a bad investment.  (Other uses of the blockchain, like Factom's archival service, cannot sustain the price of bitcoin, since they need not generate significant transaction volume.) As they realize that the price is not going to increase any more, people who are invested in bitcoin would dump their holdings as fast as they can, crashing its price even further.
Then the miners would see their revenue drop to a small fraction of what they were counting on, and most would have to turn their equipment off. There will then be a significant risk that this off-line equipment be used to take control of the blockchain.  So the value of the bitcoin protocol as an "incorruptible ledger" would be lost too.
Storing wealth in such an uncertain vehicle is not a sound investment strategy. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:50:54
There is no proof of course (can you prove anything in Bitcoinland?) but there is suggestive evidence.  
For one thing, the Nov/2013 bubble lifted the price from ~120 to ~1200, and since Jan/2014 the price dropped from ~830 to ~230.  What could have cause this ~600 USD drop?  
The Nov/2013 rise was caused by Chinese demand, and it must have involved a million BTC or more being bought by the Chinese.   It is possible that the following drop was due to Western investors dumping a million of old BTC, but it is much more likely that it was the same Chinese who have been doing that -- dumping the coins that they bought in 2013.  
They have good reasons to do so, because the PBoC decrees removed all utility of bitcoin as currency in China, so all they can do with it is hoard it or daytrade inside the exchanges.  The latter is a zero-sum (actually, somewhat negative-sum) gambling game, where the few robot-wielding professional traders have the advantage.  Someone who gambles for several months and only loses is likely to cash out his remaining cassino chips -- that is, sell his remaining BTC on the exchange -- and take his money out of the game.. (Arbitragers then will spread his coins across all exchanges, Western ones including.)
But hey, you don't have to believe my explanation. If you prefer to believe the explanations of some bitcoin guru (or to avoid looking for explanations altogether, as they do), go ahead; it is your investment, not mine.
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:48:25
User prophetically posted these calculations only 2 days ago:
Large miners could even save a bit of that cost:
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:26:25
However the market cap of bitcoin is not as meaningful as Apple's  If all owners of Apple stock were forced to sell their holdings within a month, the total amount of dollars that they would fetch would be fairly close to the market cap.  If the same happened to bitcoin, the price would crash, and the total dollar amount of the sale would be only a small fraction of its market cap.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:53:13
Sigh. The problem is not how to control them (although that will be a major waste of time), but the ***financial*** *autonomy and self-sufficiency*.  Why in hell would I want my router or car to have that???
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:57:42
You asked for "business plans" of two things that did not involve significant money.  Of course their "business plans" did not involve money.  


As you know, my papers are in other areas altogether and not relevant to my opinions about bitcoin.  I have never tried to use them or my person to give weight to my opinions.  I expect my criticisms to be evaluated by themselves.


The bitcoin protocol was a great advance towards a solution to the problem that Satoshi set to solve.  His implementation was a solid, carefully polished engineering work; and its use over these 6 years has been a remarkable experiment.  But the protocol is still not a complete solution: it has several flaws, that the experiment is bringing out, and that will prevent it from fulfilling its stated goal.  One of them, the lack of a devaluation mechanism, resulted in it being turned into a huge and terribly wasteful ponzi, that has already brought ruin to thousands of people and will continue to do so until its inevitable price collapse.  One cannot blame Satoshi for that flaw, since he was obviously a computer type and not an economist, and every layman (me included) would have thought that inflation was bad.  That flaw could be fixed in theory (with an "inflation fee") but everybody who is invested in bitcoin will not want fro it to be fixed.  Other flaws will require one or more brilliant inventions, impossible to predict.  Finally, there are purely social and economic issues: such as, is the stated goal *really* good for mankind?
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:42:25
According to [**this post**]( and [**this post**]( both by an actual BIT shareholder, the investors still need to do some paperwork before they can put the shares for sale.   (IIUC, they must transfer ownership of their shares to a broker, in exchange for IOUs, and then the broker will post offers on OTCQX or sell them to some higher-level broker.)
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:15:04
I suspect that I have followed the price movements over the past year AND the events in China much more closely that you have.  The correlation is totally obvious (as is the irrelevance of Western events).  And anyone who has paid attention to both will agree.  So, yes, I believe I am a much more solid authority on the causes of price changes oer the last 15 months than all the TA specialists out there with their Fibonacci retracements, cups and handles, pennants, heads and shoulders, etc..
@_date: 2015-05-09 11:30:57
But they say that they get the FDIC insurance through a 3d party bank...  
What they say is pretty much the same that Coinbase says.  However, reading the Coinbase FAQ I understood that the total of all accounts was FDIC insured against their bank's failure.  Hence my question.
To qualify for FDIC insurance on individual client accounts I would expect them to manage those accounts as carefully as a bank does, whatever that means.  Are they going to do that?  I would think that an exchange must allow thousands of transfers between client accounts per day, through a totally automatic trading engine, without any human oversight.  Would the FDIC agree to insure the individual client accounts under those conditions?
Suppose that itBit suffers the same problem as MtGOX: through faulty software, mismanagement, hacking, or worker fraud, each client ends up thinking that he has 250'000 USD in his account, even though the expected itBit reserves (sum of all deposits minus all withdrawals made by those clients) was only 20% of that amount.  Then suppose that itBit collapses like MtGOX.  Would the FDIC make good on those fake client balances?
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:32:26
That headline was inserted in a special space that gets filled the miner who mines the block.  (The purpose of that headline was to prove to everybody that the genesis block had been created on the day that it was broadcast.  Without that headline, people could suspect that Satoshi had been mining the chain in secret for years, and some day might dump it on the community, cancel all transactions that they had  processed during that time, steal all their mined coins, and spend them himself.)
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:13:56
Well, btc.com directs to the paycoin homepage.
@_date: 2014-12-24 01:30:37
The internet was only one of many experiments in network design that were undertaken in the 1970s.  I first used it in 1979, when it had already been in use for several years, only by a few universities and tech companies.  That was some 13 years before it was released to the public; and after that, more years of development were neded before it was minimally safe to use for critical things like home banking and e-payments.  Indeed, the latter is viable at all only because there are daily withdrawal limits, the banks and payment processors watch for suspicious activities, and fraudulent transfers can be reversed.  
So, that is one big difference between the internet and bitcoin: the internet did not (and does not) have to deliver every packet safely and timely to be tremendously useful; whereas every bitcoin operation is critical, and every error or fraud has permanent and potentially expensive consequences.
Another big difference is that the internet is merely a passive data conduit, so data can be easily exchanged between it and any other network protocol (such as Ethernet, WiFi, telephone, TV cable, ...).   Whereas bitcoin is a closed system: one cannot move coins (or the value they represent) to another completely different crypto protocol -- or even another independent blockchain with exactly the same protcol.  Thus, while the internet can and does integrate naturally with other networks, bitcoin cannot integrate with other cryptocoins.  Indeed, in order to "go to the moon", must crowd them out of the market.
Yet another important difference is that the internet did not need any special mechanisms to be decentralized -- except the DNS and (much later) the certificate system, that had to be substantially centralized order to work at all.  Whereas bitcoin, in order to be totally decentralized, needs the extremely expensive PoW mining protocol, which may have a fatal flaw (it leads to concentration of the mining power into a few hands). 
Bitcoin may be able to incorporate *some* good features of a competing protocol, but not all.  Consider: what prevents Linux from incorporating all good features of Windows and MacOS?  Even a small change to the bitcoin protocol, like increasing the block size, is being resisted by many developers, and will be a non-trivial hassle to all clients.  Bitcoin will not be able to incorporate more radical features, that change the semantics of the protocol, or are incompatible with features that are believed to be essential to it. 
Moreover, it takes a long time for developers and users of some software X to recognize that a certain feature of competing software Y is worth adopting. Usually, that happens only after Y takes a big slice out of X's market; but, by then, it is usually too late to adapt.  Suppose that BetterCoin uses a block tree instead of a block chain, for example, or works with address balances instead of UTXOs: how could bitcoin transition to those features in mid-flight?  Think of all the bitcoin services and applications that are now totally dependent on the current block chain structure...
As for bitcoin's original goal: where has Satoshi written that the blockchain that he started in 2009-01-03 was **not** just an experiment, but was THE blockchain that would one day contain all the money in the world?  Opening the internet to the general public, after ~15 yeears of experience in a limited, computer-savy public, was an explicit decision, much debated and publicly announced.  Was there a similar decision and announcement to open bitcoin to the general public, inviting non-computer people to put their money into it?
Instead of the internet, I believe that a more fitting analogy to bitcoin is the first plane fown by the Wright brothers.   People had long been working on the problem of building a heavier-than-air flying machine, and the brothers believed that they had a viable solution.  Their goal, when building that first plane, was merely to prove that their solution was indeed capable of flying -- and nothing more.   They surely did not set out to build a vehicle that could carry passengers across the oceans and drop bombs on artillery squadrons.  All the other early aviation pioneers who tried to do the same in the following years, with variously different designs, did not intend to do that, either.   I don't know whether they bothered to say "this is just an experiment", but obviously they did not have to. 
I see bitcoin as a computer experiment because it looks, smells, walks and quacks like one.  Its basic parameters (such as block size, block frequency, reward halving schedule, etc.) and some structural features (such as the bounded supply, use of a block chain instead of a tree or some other efficient data structure, etc.) are fine for an experiment, because they were the simplest choices that worked; but they are not adequate for THE global e-payment &amp; investment system.   Again, some of those choices may be patched, others can't.
I wasn't even aware of bitcoin in 2009, but from what I have read I believe that it was, for most of that year, a thing of computer nerds, who were interested in it precisely for its value as a technical experiment.  Only later, in 2010 or so, other non-computer people (such as libertarians and drug dealers) thought that bitcoin, as it was, would serve their needs; and retroactively defined those needs as being bitcoin's goals.  And only after that, when that demand pushed the price up, its goal was redefined again -- as a secure investment, and as a get-rich-quick-with-no-work schema.  Is my reading of the history incorrect?
It seems that each one imagines Satoshi to be like himself: the libertarians believe he is a champion of their cause, drug users see him as a cross between Saint Ulbricht and Einstein, to scammers he is the cleverest Ponzi, to businessmen he is a finacial genius... Needless to say, I believe he is a computer scientist.  I suppose that he is thrilled that his experiment has worked this long, and he must be glad that it is being abused (since the goal is precisely to check that the protocol withstands severe abuse).  On the other hand, he should be a bit concerned about the harm that the abuse has already caused, and may cause if the price does crash.  And he must be worried about the concentration of mining power: this development was apparently unexpected, and may mean that the protocol does not quite work yet.
 
To me, the attempt to promote bitcoin as investment and payment medium to the general public are misguided at best.  It is as if libertarians in 1908 had started buying copies of the Wright Flyer One because they hoped it would let them escape the tyranny and taxes of governments, and the exorbitant prices of railroad tickets (and claimed that the Flyer had been designed for those purposes).  Or if smugglers had adopted it to carry contraband across the Mexican border.  Or if some speculator bought thousands of Flyer Ones, then tried to sell them to the general public for ten times the original price, claiming that the plane would become extremely valuable because people would soon use them instead of horses and trains.  Or if another entrepreneur launched an IPO for an intercontinental airline with a fleet of 100 Flyer Ones, while another opened a personalized paint &amp; upholstery shop for Flyer Ones.
Bitcoin is not a "beta version", not even "alpha version".  Those terms refer to stages in the definitive implementation of a product, the one that is meant to be delivered to clients; and bitcoin is not that.  It is not even a "prototype", which is a crude implementation that is meant to give an idea of what the real implementation will look and feel like.  It is only an experiment, that aims to test a particular solution to a particular sub-problem.  The distance from it to a real product is like the distance from the Flyer One to the first usable planes: to cross that distance, we still need many incremental improvements, and a couple of genial inventions. 
I do not say that "bitcoin should not be used because it is just an experiment".  I hate it when I see bitcoin being marketed as an investment, but because its price is totally unpredictable, in the short or long term. It is a lottery with unknown odds and prizes. "Selling" it to pensioners and non-computer types as a hedge against inflation, or claiming that its value will continue to increase as it has done in the past -- that is scamming, pure and simple. 
There is a video on YouTube, from May 2014, where a few dozen bitcoin professionals and gurus are asked to predict the BTC price by the end of this year.  The best shot was by a woman who guessed 600$ (The price then was ~450$).  All the others "experts" guessed much higher -- 2000, 5000, 10000 dollars or more.  What is more upsetting is not that they got it wrong, but that (a) their guesses were so disparate, (b) they could not justify their numbers by any logical argument, and (c) they still cannot explain why the price dropped to 330$ instead.  If they were making such unfounded predicitions in public for an ordinary stock, they would probably be prosecuted by the SEC...
(Actually, I know why the price has been mostly falling since January, and I know that they know too; but they cannot say it, because it would ruin their businesses.)
If people want to use bitcoin as a replacement for credit cards (or for day-trading at the exchanges, which I see as a weird kind of gambling), it is their problem, I have not right or interest to criticize.  Apart from illegal payments and tax evasion, I suppose that bitcoin may even have advantages in certain cases, such as pre-paying hotels and plane tickets overseas.  For other uses, the advantages do not seem to be worth the disadvantages, such as the lack of consumer protection.  Anyway, it is not surprising that bitcoin is not being widely adopted as the premier e-payment method: it was not designed for that. 
@_date: 2016-03-13 06:02:22


Bitcoin price was still 0.04  USD in  2011.  To today's 400 is a facto of 10'000, that is 1'000'000 % 


In other words, gambling.  
The guys who bought piles of bitcoins at cheap price did not help the project, on the contrary.
Gambling would be OK if every player knew that it  was a  gambling game.  Unfortunately, most of the people who are buying bitcoins now, and who provide the returns of those lucky gambles have been duped with promises of fantastic gains.  Then it is not gambling, but a pyramid scam.
@_date: 2015-05-21 21:19:08
There are only 2.1 quadrillion satoshis in "the" bitcoin.  However, there is an infinite number of possible cryptocoins; inevitably, some will be better than bitcoin.  
There is even a practically infinte number of coins that are identical clones of bitcoin, except that they use a distinct instance of the blockchain; where the 21 million coins in each clone have different private keys and different owners.  All the miners who now mine bitcoin could instantly switch to mine one of those clones.
@_date: 2015-05-15 15:14:26


Of course, that is the point.  Free software never was a way for adopters to get rich at other adopters' expense; but that, unfortunately, is what bitcoin has become.
@_date: 2015-05-16 17:59:06
At present there is still hope that the price will recover.  If bicoin fails by just fading gradually, the losers will just drop off one by one and will not consider it a fraud. (The "boling frog" syndrome...)
There will be an outcry only if the price crashes suddently (say, because all the elders rushed to sell their holdings, including Satoshi), and there is a whiff of smell that "they" knew for some time that it would fail.  
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:19:24
I don't think it would have any legal value.
The point of registering a trademark is to prevent, *by force of law*, other businesses from using it for a product or service of the same kind, *even if they were using it before*.   Without registration, a company would never know whether some other tiny company out in the bunnies is using the same name for a product of the same kind, and may one day steal customers because of it.
Obviously, inserting your trademark in the blockchain will not achieve that goal.
@_date: 2016-03-12 21:57:09


Just look at bitcoin.  Hoarding reduces liquidity at the markets, and causes the price depend on the mood of hoarders.  Any bad rumor causes them to dump and crash the price...


A 10000% ROI for that?
A just reward for deferred consumption is the typical ROI for unglamourous investment, say 5-15% per year.   You get that investing in someentity that can create that much net new wealth,or lending money to someone or some entity that invests it for you.  If you want less risk, you must content yourself with smaller profits.
@_date: 2016-03-13 05:43:20
Speculators have built an impressive dialetic edifice to convince themselves that they are "extremely beneficial to society". Sorry, it doesn't make sense to me.
@_date: 2016-03-13 15:57:06


You mean, that I could have put my money into in 1600 and recover it today?  I will think about it when I need that, thank you.  (Hm, maybe a dodo bird in a jar of alcohol? A Mayan book? ...)
If you consider the last 5-10 years, almost any investment is a better store of value than gold.
Oh, and if you know of an exchange where I can buy bitcoins in 2010, please let me know...


And I have explained to you that such deferring consumption would deserve at best the 5-10% per year of average investment; and that hoarding a *currency* is a tremendous **dis**service to society, that should be discouraged.  
I am stil trying to understand what is your point.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:56:32
Well, I have a very different notion of how "everyone" would react.  But I have worn out my fingers discussing that question elsewhere.  Please excuse me if I will leave it at that...
@_date: 2016-03-12 22:24:18


Bitcoin's market cap has grown by a factor of 10000 (that is, 1'000'000%) since 2010, and its volatility shows no sign of decreasing.  
The market cap has nothing to do with volatility.  What matters is what fraction of the currency is circulating as currency, and what fraction is in the hand of investors who have no fundamental factor to guess its future prices.
If there was no hoarding, the price of the currency would be proportional to the USD value of all payments made with it, anywhere in the world.  It would have low volatility because, the latter number, being tied to the world's economy, would change little from day to day.


Erm, have you heard of a thing called "bitcoin"?  You should check it out: it demonstrates all those points, including the facts that bad rumors can cause the price to crash, that a deflationary currency is a terrible store of value, and that early adopters seriously expect ROI of 10000% and more, just for holding the currency... &lt;/s&gt;
@_date: 2016-03-13 19:05:29


OK, so you *are* talking about storing wealth across centuries.  Sorry, I don't see why I sould care about that.  And there are things that would have become immensely more valuable across centuries...


Unless it was lost, stolen, confiscated,  etc..  Over 1 century, the probability approaches 1.  Especially if it is a large amount, sufficient to make all 5000 of those ancestor's descendants rich...


Property is defined by society, with laws, courts, and police; not by me. There is no concept of property without some authority that has the power to enforce it and resolve disputes.
But even if you believe that there is such thing as an "anarchic market": if someone acquires N dollars worth of currency, and spends it some time later when its purchasing power is 100 times that much, he is taking 99 x N dollars from those who use that curency.  Their loss is diffuse and they cannot point exactly when it happened, but it is real: as a whole, they all became poorer by 99 x N dollars.  So, if society is aware (or suspects) that someone did that, they shoudl not use the currency.  That is why a good currency must lose its value with time.
(And please do not appeal too "Austrian economics".  There is a reason why it is not called just "economics"...)


In that scenario, you obviously invested in the car rental store. You should be entitled to the proper share of its profits. That is how stocks work, you know; and why they have a value, and their price may grow more than gold's. 
I am still confused, what is your point? Are you trying to argue that bitcoin is a good investment, and not a pyramid schema?
@_date: 2016-01-06 00:03:44
The bitcoin protocol does not and cannot depend on the players being well-meaning or ethical.  Its claim was that the system would work as intended because the incentives made it more profitable for each player to cooperate than to attack the network.  Its only hypothesis was that mining would be distributed evenly among thousands of independent entities, so that one could ignore the possibility of a majority group colluding to put aside their self-interest in exchange for a bigger gain for the group.
Therefore, assigning a moral value to the actions of a player or cartel would serve no purpose.  We can, if you wish, define "attack" as being any behavior that deviates from the equilibrium behavior that Satoshi expected to emerge, whatever the intent of consequences of the players involved. 
So, yes, a group of miners with majority power can collude to act contrary to their immediate self-interest; and that would be an "attack" by that definition.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:46:21


So you agree that his prediction of the price going down $10 was reasonable, but he is stupid and ignorant only because he underestimated the time that it would take for bitcoiners to realize the truth, right? ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-12 14:15:38


Of course.  Many people made a fortune buying gold and gold funds a decade ago and selling it when the price rose.  Their profit came entirely from the pockets of those who bought gold later; and these will only recover their money if they can find more investors who will pay more for their gold than they did.  The profit of the winners certainly did not come from any concrete wealth that the gold bars created. 
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:19:37


But, how many Apple shares did he own?  Taking only 1$ salary was a way to show committment and faith: the only way for him to make money would be by increasing Apple profits.  Not like those othr CEOs who earn fabulous salaries and severance payments while sinking the company. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 16:34:17
What nobody knows is that Satoshi has got the private key for that particular address.
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:30:16
Would you approve if your neighbor pulls a cable from your house grid to light his porch, because he wants to save some money? Would you accept his excuse that "it is only 20 watts, and you are wasting a lot more with your dishwasher anyway"? 
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:21:49
Where does it say remittance? 
AFAIK Digital CC is an Australian company that does bitcoin brokerage, bitcoin mining, and develops bitcoin software.  
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:25:56


That is most definitely not the case.  There is less than 1 million people in the whole world who have more than 25 USD worth of bitcoin.  And very, very few who keep a significant part of their savings in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:07:17
From a practical, software engineering viewpoint, there must be a hard static maximum block size, so that each player knows what is the biggest block that he must be prepared to handle, and each miner knows what is the biggest block that he can issue without crashing or bogging down any other client, node, or miner.  
The limit must be static, otherwise the code must be substantially more complicated, and validating the code against overflow errors is muchmore difficut.
The internet as a hard maximum packet size of 65535 bytes.  Why should Bitcoin require an unbounded block size?
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:24:36
But the miners can set up their own nodes that will do the opposite, no?
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:02:56
Well, OK, but GS employees are not GS.  We know even less about their opinions of bitcoin than we know about the company's.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:53:52
They will certainly care about the price, but their goal will be to maximize their revenue, and that may not mean increasing the price.
For example, they could force a change in the protocol that postpones the next halving by 2 years, but shortens the schedule after that so that the total issue gets reduced from 21 million to (say) 19 million.  With suitable marketing and endorsements, they may convince people that the change makes bitcoin even more secure (by increasing their revenue and therefore preventing a difficulty drop) and more valuable (even more scarce).  Most bitcoiners won't care, and even holders who hate the idea may speak out in it support -- in order to preserve their investment.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:32:05


That is the only technically workable alternative


If the community acts rationally, one of the two branches will immediately die right after the fork, and users, clients, and nodes will hardly notice the fork.  Then those concerns will be moot.
The coin will actually split at the scheduled block only if the community remains divided, with a sizable number of "true faithful" users and services refusing to upgrade before the fork.  However, the old version of the coin will see a dramatic drop in the block rate after the fork, which will make it less valuable.  I expect that it will soon die out.  Moreover, I doubt that there would be more than a few thousand "true faithful" clients; and the services will surely want to be where most clients are.
@_date: 2015-05-17 22:54:37
The price is currently sustained by speculation, rather than use; that is, by people buying bitcoins because they think that the price will be higher at some point in the future.  Right now, people who have money to invest do not expect it to be worth more than 240 $/BTC in the next few months, or more than (say) 300 next year.
In order for the price to rise to 1000 $/BTC by December, enough people with enough money would have to become convinced that the price will be substantially more than 1000 $/BTC at some later time.  
Of course, no one can predict whether that would happen.  Right now, the best hope sems to be that the bitcoin funds (BIT, COIN, XBT Tracker One) will bring money from IRAs and/or from big investment funds into the bitcoin market.
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:19:05


When is the "later date"?
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:20:51
I still would ike to see one quote by some Goldman Sachs person that expresses any positive evaluation of bitcoin.  Or that just mentions it.
I also cannot quite see what is the role of bitcoin in Circle's new service that takes USD from users, keeps it as USD, lets users withdraw it as USD, and pays merchants in USD.
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:12:08
Yeah.  Goldman Sachs are not buying any BTC.  That already says it all.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:56:03
Most casual users (200'000 perhaps) will upgrade their software before the scheduled fork without knowing about the polemic or bothering to understand it.
A few people familiar with the controversy (20'000 perhaps) will support the change, or assent to it because they don't want problems.
A very few people (2'000 perhaps) will sternly refuse to upgrade their software, and stick with the old coin.  Most of them will give up and upgrade after the fork, because their old coins will be unspendable and worthless.
@_date: 2015-05-28 00:14:28
Where does it mention Roger ver in the article?
The volume n Chinese exchanges has dropped starting around May 15.   The low volatility may be a cause or a consequence.
OKCoin actually has dropped less and it is still the largest, at ~45 kBTC/day quite steady since that date.  So much for the "Roger Ver" effect.
Huobi dropped from ~40 to ~14 kBTC/day around that date, then recovered gradually to ~30, now it is down slightly to ~24 
BTC-China had the biggest drop on May 14--16, from ~75 kBTC/day to ~15 (80% drop) and has remained steady at ~15 since that date.  BTC-China is located in Shanghai; if the Shanghai stock market if the culprit, that could explain why it suffered more than the Beijing exchanges.
For comparison, Bitfinex and Bitstamp trade roughly ~10 kBTC/day each.  Bitfinex showed a slight drop around May 15, but no such drop is visible on Bitstamp.
One think I don't understand is how the totally fake trade of OKCoin and other Chinese exchanges could migrate to the Shanghai stock exchange. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 12:30:47
Not really; there may be still no one willing to pay 100'001 $ for a statue.   Or even 10'000 $, since your statues are no longer a novelty, and those who bought them 2 years ago for 30'000 are now trying to get rid of them...
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:44:11


Now that is funny.  The end of consensus, the bitter split of the community, the Block Size War, the ejection of the two most experient professional software developers, the prospect of a coin split, the backlogs with absurd fees and 10-day confirmation times, were all the work of one man -- and it wasn't me!
If anything, I am a bringer of concord and unity -- since hating me is one of the very few things that and agree upon.
@_date: 2017-03-10 07:38:01
Amanda B. Johnson used to be a bitcoiner, but now she is a Dash supporter.
@_date: 2015-05-30 06:13:39
Is there an estimate of how many people tok part in this test?
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:57:31
Thanks. Seems good for DigitalCC, obviously.  Whether it will impact the price of bitcoin remains to be seen.  (The "bitcoin remittance space" seems to be rather crowded these days, and [**people familiar with the remittance market are somewhat skeptical it seems**](
@_date: 2017-03-02 14:02:03
Hi there.  Again, how about pointing out the "facts that I misrepresented" in my letter to the SEC?  
I don't mind being called retarded, ignorant, butthurt, parasite, asocial, etc.  But if you call me a liar, you had better prove it, or it will be shown that you are the liar.
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:07:11
No, one hard fork can deploy multiple changes.
@_date: 2017-03-10 21:39:56
Thanks, but if you read the SEC resolution, you will see that their reasons for denial have little to do with my comments.  They basically do not want an ETF based on a commodity that is not traded on regulated exchanges -- an obvious fact that even the Winkles had to admit in their filing.
@_date: 2016-03-12 19:57:18


Only fools (and criminals) "save" by hoarding currency.  A deflationary currency encourages hoarding and day-trading with it, which causes volatility, lowers liquidity, and renders it unfit for its purpose of intermediate value token for commerce.  Early investors who get rich from hoarding a deflationary currency get rewarded for doing less than nothing for society; and their earned wealth comes from the losses of those who buy it just before it collapses.
If one does not have enough money to invest directly into some *productive* investment -- something that will create new concrete wealth, like a company with a popular product or service, tools, housing -- then one had better lend the money to some trustable entity who has that capacity.  Then one will get profit from the investment -- as dividends, rent, interest -- that does *not* come from someone else's loss, but from that *new* material wealth.
@_date: 2017-03-10 07:40:58
The guy must have not been paying attention.  Apple has their payment system, using national currencies of course.  
Blockstream got a total of ~70 million VC investment, in two major lumps. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:30:23
Well, in log scale, his prediciton (actual price / 50) was more accurate than that of some bitcoin "experts" who predicted 100'000 USD/BTC (actual price x 200).
And the price seems to be going towards his prediction, only slower than he expected...
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:58:50
The 99'000 $ will come from the pockets of the guy who buys your statue, of course.  So, ask again: where do the 1 million dollars a day come from? (You are getting warmer...)
If you were to make 1 new statue every day, soon there will be no one willing to pay 100'000 $ for one, and you will have to start selling them for less and less.  Do you think that cannot ever happen to bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-03-02 06:44:37
The bullshit on and looks genuine.  It would be hard to falsify.
I should tell you however that we have moles in both Blockstream and BU, crippling both projects and creating the block size war. But I cannot tell you that because it is our secret classified attack plan.
@_date: 2016-03-16 09:12:38


You still can't see the difference between a productive investment (you use your money to build something that creates *new* *real* wealth) and a pyramid scheme (that does not create any wealth, just takes wealth from some and gives it to others). 
I think this discussion will not get anywhere ever.  Bye...
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:26:07
The chip and internet connection will add to the cost of the device, and to its consumption.  One must also add the cost (including the user's time) of collecting his part of the revenue.  Even if tiny, these costs must be less than the revenue, otherwise the project would not make sense.
But let's see what the company's goal actually is.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:42:57
That would be more free publicity for 21.co.  Everybody approving this proposal is obviously a shill working for them.  8-)
@_date: 2016-01-31 17:01:44
I did not know that.  Thanks for the information!
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:24:54
Pretending to not understand the other side's point: not cute at all.
@_date: 2015-05-24 07:57:22
At the moment, the top 4 pools (F2, BW, AntPool, BTC-China) together have 54% of the hashrate.  Are they all Chinese?
What happened to DiscusFish?  Renamed as BW?
@_date: 2015-05-22 18:05:31


No. Rather: the concept of "ownership" (as distinct from possession) is defined only if there is an authority that decides who owns what, and has the power to give possession to the owner.  
Indeed that is the reason why governments, laws, police, and courts were invented in the first place.  Almost anyone who owns more than a used chewing gum actually *wants* a strong government.  Those that own the most usually wnat it the most.
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:43:44


... or vice-versa ...
@_date: 2015-05-17 22:43:23
Why would this be better than a centralized solution, run by the licensor on a cloud server, or by some trade association like the MPAA and RIAA?
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:37:34
[Do you know what those transaction are?](
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:50:24
Actual e-payments for goods and services seem to account for only 5-10% of the blockchain traffic.  And they have not not been growing, since last May.
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:11:10
The RPi can be useful, but what could the children learn from the mining chips?  That electricity can be turned into heat?
@_date: 2015-05-11 17:05:13
Lawsky personally signed the itBit charter as a "trust", whatever that means, and tweeted about it. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:29:08
If the guy just collected *some* firewood and then ofered it to his fellows as an option -- "buy from me for a leg of boar, or go out and fetch/chop some yourself" --nothing to object.
If the guy collected all the firewood around and then used its artificial scarcity in a cold winter to scalp people:  depending on one's political ideology, that could be a crime or a thing to be admired.
Anyway, firewood is concrete wealth; collecting and trading it is doing actual service, creating and selling actual wealth. 
A currency is not concrete wealth, it is a token that is used to facilitate the exchange of wealth.  Someone who uses the "private money scam" above is playing tricks with the token to get concrete wealth, not having contributed anything of comparable value. In particular, he is tricking the merchants by increasing the supply of the currency without their knowledge.  The merchants may be able to spread their loss further, to their suppliers and workers, so the losses will be diffused; but every bit of wealth that the issuer gains will be taken from society.  No sophistry can make not be a scam.
@_date: 2015-05-12 06:32:22
Because the bitcoin "news" media are supported by bitcoin funds and enterprises, not by traders or individual investors.  Imagine a bitcoin fund trying to convince Joe Plumber to put his IRA into an asset whose price depends almost entirely on the mood of [**an army of amateur Chinese day traders, who love bitcoin because its price is more volatile than that of garlic or fermented tea**](  It would not be easy.  Better let Joe think that the spike and fall were MtGOX's fault, which of course will not happen again...
@_date: 2017-03-02 14:29:29
OK. See [my reply](
@_date: 2016-01-10 01:54:24
Is that legit? What is the background of that interview?
@_date: 2016-01-31 11:54:23
Kraken is not "suing" MtGOX, AFAIK.  MtGOX is undergoing bankruptcy liquidation in Japan, and Kraken was hired by the liquidator (Mr. Kobayashi) to set up a website on which the victims could enter their claims.
@_date: 2017-03-18 16:59:07
By an essential feature of the design, each miner is free to choose which transactions from the queue he puts into the block that he is mining.  
The developers cannot force him to use any particular criterion.  He is not obliged to run their software, and can always patch it as he sees fit.
If the block size limit is smaller than the queue size, it is in the miner's interest to pick the transactions that (roughly) pay the higher fee per byte.
There is a way to change the rules so that  it will be in the miner's interest to confirm transactions in order of arrival.  But I am not allowed to explain it in this sub.
@_date: 2017-01-15 22:52:19


To use it for payments.  
If it does not have any advantage over other currencies *for that purpose*, then no one should buy it, and it should die.  Or should not be created in the first place.


Where are you getting those ideas from?  


Congratulations!  You have just proved that the world is still in the stone age.  Since the dollar and other currencies always lose value, there cannot be any savings.  If there is no savings, there is no production... &lt;/sarc&gt;
I suggest that you first learn the difference between "saving" and "stuffing dollar bills into the mattress". 
Once you have mastered that, you may tackle the difference between "investing" and "gambling".


It seems that a common characteristic of libertarians and ancaps is *egocentrism*: the inability to think socially, i.e. to place oneself in the place of others.  
A consequence of that is inability to understand that demands and plans that apply to oneself will apply to others too.  They think "If I could buy a machine gun through the internet, I could better defend myself from bandits"; but they cannot grasp that, in that case, the bandits would all have machine guns too.
So when I say "one can buy a space station" they can think only of themselves buying it, not of the US government buying it...


That is not the point.  Why would the government say "this is our law, and therefore we will enforce it; but since it is it unjust, we will allow people to use this gizmo whose **ONLY** purpose  lets them evade it".   Governments are stupid, but not that that brain dead...
@_date: 2017-01-28 18:51:18
Jeff Garzik's Dunvegan Space Systems is no more, right?
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:33:26
Perhaps the volume is in GOLOS not BTC.  Note the order of the currencies in that pair.  (1 BTC is ~25 k GOLOS, IIUC).
@_date: 2017-01-23 23:14:38
I cannot tell you that, for obvious security reasons.  But I can tell you that I have been roughly doubling my holdings every day since I first learned about bitcoin, in November 2013.
@_date: 2017-01-19 05:07:14


But they cannot give up on credit cards, since 99.9% of their customers use them.  They would have to accept BitPay *in addition* to credit cards.  That is another contract to worry about, an extra tax form, another payment method that staff must learn how to handle...
There are no real statistics, and neither BitPay nor Coinbase haver released figures for 2016; but there is quite a bit of anecdotal evidence that the number of merchants *actually* accepting bitcoins has been decreasing, because the number of customers using that feature has been minuscule.  BitPay even seems to have cut down their marketing efforts to recruit more merchants, focusing instead in developing their CoPay app.
@_date: 2017-01-19 00:45:45
IIRC that was not the reason.  Greg linked to court documents that reveal the identity of another redditor, who was involved in a mining equipment scam that Greg fell into, years ago.
@_date: 2017-01-28 05:46:38
I believe that bitcoinwisdom was the original code (author is  at bitcointalk, but he has not posted in more than a year).
Cryptowat probably just copied and slightly adapted that code.
I haven't looked at the code itself, but Cryptrader may be independent creation, since it differs in too many details.
Note that this general style of chart is traditional for [forex trading]( so a superficial resemblance does not mean same code.
@_date: 2017-01-17 16:09:54
But.. butt... it *cannot* fail! It uses *bitcoin*, and *payment channels*, and *micropayments*!  How could a service with *three* hot buzzwords have anything but stellar success?
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:55:55


I don't invest in stocks either, and I haven't lookd at stock market indices in a long while.  From what you say, indeed it seems that stocks (like gold, perhaps more so) are at present highly overpriced by speculative trading.


In my understanding, the fundamental value of a company is not just what could be recovered if the company closed and its material and IP assets were auctioned piecemeal.  That is usually a small part of it, especially for typical IT companies.  
The main components are the expected returns as dividends in the near future, and/or the expected value of the company if it was sold as a whole, without closing.  So one would have to consider the yearly profits of Google and Microsoft per share, and multiply that by (say) 20 years. Then one would assume that the shares could still retain a good part of their market value after those 20 years.  The sum of the two should be the share price today, with interest rates accounted for somehow.  
If I read correctly, Google's profit in 2016 was a bit less than 5 billion USD, so at 570 billion the shares are worth 114 years of profits.  So people are betting that, 20 years from now, those shares will still be worth ~80% of their current price, or something along those lines..   Maybe...


Bitcoiners must be very sensitive abot this point... Unless I slipped somewhere, I never claimed that bitcoin IS a ponzi.  I only wrote that it is a negative-sum game -- LIKE ponzis, lotteries, pyramid schemes, penny stock trading, etc..  


Well, in my understanding the market value of a thing is simply what people are paying for it.  
So I would say that Madoff's fund shares *did* have market value -- 60 billion USD, IIRC -- until the market learned  that the fund had no assets and no source of revenue, at which point the market value dropped to zero.  What the shares never had was *intrinsic* value.


Correct, but incomplete.  Unlike bitcoin, good securities generate new wealth and distribute it to their holders while they are holding.  Because of that, stock can be a positive-sum game; in which case **all** shareholders will make a profit.  And every honest company is created only if there is sufficient expectation that this will be the case.
Whereas bitcoins (as distinct from the bitcoin network) do not generate any wealth, and do not yield any revenue.  Considering the money that goes from investors to miners, investing in bitcoins is a negative-sum game (negative to the tune of ~1 million USD per day, currently).  
Therefore, it is mathematically impossible for every bitcoin investor to exit the game with a profit.  In the end, the sum of the losses of all investors who will finish with a loss must be at least a billion dollars more than the sum of the profits of all investors who will finish with a profit. 
Suppose that someone buys 1 BTC at $1000, and holds it for 11 years.  Meanwhile bitcoin supplants Visa for 10 years, then dies and its price goes to zero. The investor would lose all his $1000.
Now do the same thought experiment with shares of a honest company, whose products are extremely popular and lucrative for the next 10 years, but then loses the market and its value drops to zero.  The investor collected the dividends during those 10 years; which, if the company was sound and the initial share price was rationally justified, should add up to quite a bit more than his $1000.


My impression is that the SEC does not necessarily block highly risky or even purely speculative instruments; it only makes sure that the risks and substance are properly spelled out in the prospectus.  (The fact that they have been sitting on the COIN ETF proposal for 3.5 years says, to me, that they consider it even below those penny stock funds.)
But I do think that the SEC should be more strict and block any instrument that is not productive (which I would consider to include bonds, since their issuer is suposed to invest in productive assets).  So, shares of gold mining companies are OK, but approving the gold funds was a mistake, in retrospect -- because they became 70-90% speculative game, and did not contribute to mankind's wealth, only to wealth inequality and misery.
@_date: 2017-01-16 00:20:44


If it has no advantages over those, OF COURSE it should not be used. Or exist.


You mean that Apple and Google are financed with the dollar bills that the ranchers buried in their yards in the 1800's?
Do you have an idea how crazy those economic theories sound?  Where did you get them from?


Look, I don't want to be rude, nor pretend that I am an expert on economics and finance; but you have a strictly negative knowledge of both.  There is a lot you must learn before you get to the point of knowing nothing.


Once more: between 1900 and 2017, the US dollar was one of the best currencies around, and worked very well for the purpose it was created.   So much that even you accept it and use it with no problems, even while cursing it.
Compare growth of the country's  wealth (real wealth, not measured in US dollars) between 1900 and 2017.  If an inflationary currency was disaster, as you say, today the US should be an immense Burkina Faso.  But fortunately the economy and currencies do not work at all as you think they do.
@_date: 2017-01-19 19:31:08
That is it.
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:59:10


@_date: 2017-01-20 04:20:20
I did not "accuse" you of anything.  The part of my comment that (you say) is incorrect is the reason why you were banned; which was not an act of yours, but of the moderators and admins.
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:16:14
Not doomed, but failed.  How long it will take for the fans to accept that Elvis is dead -- I don't know. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 03:07:36


There were a couple more words after those in the goal.  And those words were precisely what made the problem so hard.  Without the requirement that they express, the problem had been solved decades earlier -- without consuming megawatts of power and fighting about a stupid constant in the code.
The bitcoin system that exists now fails to satisfy that extra requiremet.  (That may explain why you, being presumably is invested in bitcoin, have erased those words from your memory.)  But then it makes no sense -- without that requirement, there are infinitely faster, cheaper, simpler, safer and overall better solutions.
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:38:10
Unless he knows that you have just sold a house for BTC...   And he of course will know about multiple wallets.
Robbers will not ask for your Trezor PIN or private key.  They will tell you to send xxx BTC to some address, or else.  If you don't have xxx BTC, you are in a bad spot...
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:25:46


That is the basic evil of the COIN project: its goal is to convince millions of investors, who can't know better, that "bitcoin is just like stocks and bonds, because they all have risks".
For why that is a big lie, see my [first letter]( and my [second]( letter to the SEC.
@_date: 2017-01-15 22:27:51


Life must be very hard for you, with your refusal to accept dollars because they lose value every minute you hold them.   How do you get paid?  Cheese, wine, whiskey?  Those may get more valuable with time, but only to a point.  What do you buy with them -- beef and bread?  They too lose value if you don't eat them all in a week...


But the face value is in dollars, which are unacceptable because they lose value every minute...  My, you are in a tight spot, man...
@_date: 2017-01-16 04:43:44


That is true... but there is no mathematical proof that the ONLY way to get the private key is by brute force.  
The security of every public-key cryptography protocol is ultimately "proved by exhaustion": it is assumed to be safe because no one has yet published a way to obtain the private key that is fast enough to be of concern.  But such a way may be found in the future.  Or may have already been found, but has not been published...
@_date: 2017-01-23 19:56:04
People should not keep large amounts of cash at home, for that reason.  Keeping money in a bank (or in stocks, real estate, or other trackable property) makes it much harder to steal than cash or bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-01-23 02:44:13
Must be the same message as [this picture](
Note, at left, the bitcoiner investing his last fiat coin; at center, the wife with the empty purse, and above it the kids exploring the empty cupboard; at lower right, Andreas reading from his book; and, at upper right, the whole family on their way to the pauper's asylum.
@_date: 2017-01-17 17:09:55
Yes, sorry for not being clear.  BCI did not steal the keys, but anyone could have; and some hackers apparently noticed the bug in time to do so.
@_date: 2017-01-13 05:29:20


Sort of... but those UTXOs must use the same addresses and the same signature algorithms of the bitcoin blockchain, right? And the same scripts that are in bitcoin UTXOs, multisigned the same way?  Timelocks?  And of course all the wallets must be rewritten to handle those legacy UTXOs as well as Ethereum applications?  And the mining must be compatible with bitcoin ASICS? What about the gas logic, how does it interact with fees?  What if Ethereum quantities have fewer decimal digits?  And so on....
Furthermore, even if the transplant succeeds, the old bitcoin will not disappear.  The transplanted ledger NewBitcoin will be basically an altcoin that happens to start with the same state as bitcoin.  Like ETC and ETH, but with very different protocols and code.  Not only you will have to convince new users to use NewBitcoin instead of Ethereum, but must also convince old bitcoin holders to overcome thier inertia and abandon OldBitcoin.  


Only the holders of bitcoins will be inetrested in that.  Users who are not holders would not care, they will use the one that is best and handiest.  Which may be the one that has only 5 GB of blockchain, not 5 TB... 
It would be interesting to see such a transplant happening between two radically different altcoins, say Dogecoin and Monero..


Wrong analogy: going from Windows 7 to WIndows 10 would be like a new major release of Core.  
A transplantation to Ethereum protocol would be more like switching from Windows to Linux.  All executable programs are lost, all source programs require extensive changes ("\" vs. "/" is the smallest one), shell scripts must be rewritten from scratch.  Linux has symbolic links, and a very different file protection system, which require subtle changes to the logic of many programs that fiddle with the file system.  The basic programs (dir listing, file copying, searching, etc.) are all different, etc.  Even text files are affected ("\015\012" becomes just "\012", which affects all file lengths and checksums.  Databases must be rebuilt from text data, etc.
I worked at a system's software research lab in the US for ~7 years. During the first ~5 the people there -- about 60 first-class computer scientists, all with PhDs -- wrote over a million lines of code for a workstation that they dsigned and built themselves, including a new programming language, compilers, OS, editors, GUI/Desktop, network file systems, browsers, etc.  They started with an empty building, and the workstation was built and the OS and GUI were running in six months.  It was the most impressive feat of hardware and software development that I ever saw.  
But eventually that workstation hardware became obsolte, and the lab decided to port all their software to a new platform.  The gurus estimated 6 months for that, with everybody  pressured to stop their research and work on that task.   However, 2 years later we were still half-done, and the new hardware was itself obsolete.  We had to abandon the effort; and that collosal fiasco destroyed the morale to the point that the lab disbanded.
What happened was that the kernel guys had to make a few minor changes to the functionality when moving to the new machine.  That required a few more changes in the rest of the OS, and also changes in the compiler, and bigger changes in the network system, GUI/Desktop... and the changes cascaded and multiplied to the point that the upper layers had to be not only recoded, but reinvented...


Yes and no.  If you instead make a copy of the ledger with the same state but different protocol (evenif just a cosmetic version tag change), that too would be worthless.
@_date: 2017-01-25 03:22:51
... and take your $20 M  with you as a box of banknotes...
@_date: 2017-01-12 20:46:36
Drug regulation agencies were created because of events like [this one](
Just like the SEC was created to prevent the stock scams that led to the 1929 crash.
And fire safety regulations were created because of things like [this](
And anti-gun town laws were enacted in the wild west because "wild" quickly wears out its charm.
And so on.
@_date: 2017-01-31 07:20:56
**Troll**, v.i.: State facts that bitcoiners want or need to ignore.  --*The Bitcoiners Dictionary*
@_date: 2017-01-14 02:43:32
I am a fan of Fibonacci. Do not dare mess with me.  Oh, wait...
@_date: 2017-01-16 04:09:52
@_date: 2017-01-13 00:21:27


One cannot always consider everything that its **possible**, because everything is possible.  One must ignore possibilities that one considers 
extremely unlikely.
Bitcoin was the first cryptocurrency protocol ever designed, and its very first implementation became the "production version" without any prototypes, alpha, or beta tests.  Considering the history of the blocksize limit and malleability problems, it is obvious that, from the viewpoint of evolution,  the bitcoin system (protocol, network, and environment) has the agility of a whale on Mount Everest.  
So it is extremely unlikely that bitcoin will always be better than any alternative.  That is not how technology works.  One can bet that new payment systems will arise that are better than bitcoin, at the few things that bitcoin is better now.  
The "first mover's advantage" is nonsense: the first mover very rarely survives. See  Zilog, Mosaic, Altavista, Motorola, PalmPilot, ...  
The "network effect" is no guarantee either.  It may slow down the decline and require a bigger quality jump from competitors; but once the competitor achieves critical mass, the "network effect" will work for it, causing it to grow exponentially.  
While almost none of the 600+ altcoins has made much gain against bitcoin, the fact that they have survived shows that those two supposed "laws" actually don't work.
Ethereum was for a while in a path to overtake bitcoin in a few years; because it could do everything that bitcoin did, but also some things that would be practically impossible to fit into the bitcoin protocol.  If it wasn't for the DAO disaster, it would be stealing a good chunk of bitcoin's value today. 


Satoshi himself claimed that the outcome would be binary: either bitcoin would be massively used, or would get hardly any use.  
Moreover, for the purpose of causing misery and grief among investors, it is not even needed that the price goes to zero: losing 90% of one's savings is practically as bad as losing 100%.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:48:11


Ah, so that is the reason why bitcoiners are no longer interested in "saving" them.   What about the poor in Venezuela, still on the radar?  They are not as poor as the African poor, I would say.  Or are you aiming straight for the poor of India?
@_date: 2017-01-13 23:06:41
Re k-mart: by coincidence, only a couple of days ago I read an article in some news or magazine site (maybe *The Atlantic*?) about the CEO who, after destroying K-Mart, went on to destroy Sears...
@_date: 2017-01-16 00:24:07
Do you really think that they keep that money as dollar bills stuffed in some giant mattress? 
@_date: 2017-01-31 17:20:44


Sort of.  
I claim that T &gt; ~0.9 x C cannot be sustained for more than a few days, because the delays and high fees will drive clients to reduce their use, or give up on bitcoin, until T falls below that limit.  
In fact, I claim that this situation has prevailed for the last year at least: that is, the 1 MB limit has been determining the growth of T.  If the block size limit were to be lifted to (say) 8 MB, I guess that the incoming traffic T would quickly rise to 2 MB/block or more, due to demand that is being inhibited by the backlogs; and then continue growing at the usual pace that prevailed until mid-2015.
At the present level of T = ~0.9 x C, a stable "fee market" cannot arise either, because competition for block space exists only during backlogs, which is maybe 20% of the time.  Also, while a backlog is in course, it is impossible to predict how long it will last, and which fee level will get a transaction through it.  Moreover, during a backlog, some fraction of T will be delayed by an unpredictable long time -- no matter what the distribution of fees is.  Thus, the fee x delay function, that the "fee market" was supposed to discover, is undefined even in theory.
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:55:11
"No" you did not link to those court documents, or "no" that was not the reason for the admin ban?
@_date: 2017-01-16 00:07:48


You said that no one should USE a currency that loses value.  [


I see that you do not even understand the difference between "currency" and "investment"


And you have no idea of what "investment" means...


No one can know anything about the future for sure, but there are things that are so likely that they can be assumes to happen, and things that are so unlikely that they can be assumed to be impossible.
Bitcoin is very unlikely to become a useful currency.  It has many flaws that no one knows how to fix.  It was just the fist prototype of a distributed cryptocurrency.  Just like the Wright Brothers airplane, the design can be improved incrementally only up to a  point; after that, some other brilliant inventor must step forward with a radically new design, that makes the old one obsolete.
So, even if cryptocurrencies are here to stay, bitcoin will surely be replaced by some other crypto.  When that happens, there will be no Central Bank exchanging bitcoins for the new currency at a fixed value-preserving rate.  Smart bitcoiners may sell their hoards well before that, but that will only pass the loss on to others.


It was not created with that purpose, but that and gambling in the exchanges is pretty much all that it is used today.  


Can you see the difference between
1. Most payments using bitcoin are illegal.
2. Most illegal payments use bitcoin.
3. Most payments using money are illegal.
4. Most illegal payments use money.
Hint: 1 seems to be true, 2 and 3 are false, 4 is true,
@_date: 2017-01-23 02:26:16
The one that shows that the fabled "1600% per year" trend stopped 3 years ago, then the price went from $1200 to below $300, and spent 10 months there?
@_date: 2017-01-19 05:42:40
BitPay's service consists of taking over the billing session from the merchant, receiving your bitcoins, notifying the merchant that you paid (even before your transaction is confirmed in the blockchain), selling the coins on the exchanges, and sending the dollars to the merchant (by wire from their bank account to the merchant's).   Those actions are buffered so that they may send the dollars immediately (more precisely, on the next Wednesday), before they sell your bitcoins.  
Their 1% charge pays for the costs of doing that service.  I don't see how an open source app could do those things, without a company behind it to handle the dollar flow.
@_date: 2017-01-12 13:13:46
It is LIKE a pyramid because the early investors' profit comes entirely from money of later investors.  
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:32:27
No, I do mean what I wrote.  The anecdotal evidence suggests to me that there have been more cases of merchants effectively giving up on bitcoin  (e.g. by not training their cashiers, or letting the contract lapse) than new merchants adopting bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:39:55
The robber will always draw first...
@_date: 2017-01-02 10:59:41
Kraken was hired by the bankruptcy trustee to set up a webpage for victims to file the claims, way back.  AFAIK the trustee still has not decided whether he will distribute the remaining BTC as BTC, or will auction them and pay everybody in JPY only.  (Has he decided yet?)  If he opts for the former, the BTC refunds will be done through Kraken. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 15:40:59
@_date: 2017-01-15 23:11:30


I really cannot make sense of these sentences.  
YOU said that it absurd to accept a currency that loses value while you hold it.  So you must not use the dollar, because the dollar loses value while you hold it.  If you spend $100 today, you will get a certain amount of stuff;  if you spend it three months from now, you will get a bit less stuff.
Maye you still have not understood that the purpose of a currency is NOT to make people rich without working?  


Doubling over 100 years is increasing in purchasing power 0.7% per year, on average.  Since the economy was growing, pretty much any productive investment would have given much more return than hoarding.  So of course it did not cause the currency to collapse.  It was no different than it losing 3% per year: either way, hoarding currency would be a stupid idea.
@_date: 2017-01-16 09:51:19
Well, sorry to ruin such an awesome vision, ... but no.
@_date: 2017-01-07 03:03:26
Like Proof of Work:
Dwork, Cynthia; Naor, Moni (1993). "[Pricing via Processing, Or, Combatting Junk Mail]( Advances in Cryptology". CRYPTO’92: Lecture Notes in Computer Science No. 740. Springer: 139–147.
(They only failed to call it "proof of work".  Just as it was others who called Newtonian mechanics by that name, not Newton himself. ;-)
@_date: 2017-01-24 13:30:33
That discovery earned an UCSD student the organic quantum chemistry Nobel last year, didn't you know?
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:53:14


Well observed.  Bitcoin is not a pure financial pyramid, it is something worse.
However, in most real pyramid schemes, a fat slice of the money provided by new investors goes to the operators, rather than to early investors.  In the case of bitcoin, these would be the miners.
@_date: 2017-01-22 23:33:32
I don't quite follow.  
At the next difficulty increase. the industry as a whole will suddenly start earning ~14% less revenue in BTC terms.  In fact, since some miners will be forced to shut down, the correction will probably overshoot, and the block rate will probably drop even below the 144 block/day target; which means a bigger drop in the total mining revenue.  
Even with the drop outs, the remaining miners will see their profit margins shrink: they will have to do more hashes to earn the same amount of bitcoins.  They will have to sell a larger percentage of their mined bitcoins to pay the utility bills.  It is not clear at all that all the miners together will be selling fewer bitcoins in absolute terms...
@_date: 2017-01-22 22:37:00
Actually the causality goes in the other direction: when the price rises, more miners start (resume, expand) mining, the hashrate goes up, and then the difficulty goes up.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:49:12


Only because C has been increasing -- thanks in part to accelerated growth of the total hashrate (that keeps the [average block rate]( well above the target 144 blocks/day), in part to a reeduction in the average transaction size, and mainly to an improved block propagation protocol that was deployed in early 2016, that greatly reduced the frequency of empty blocks.  
However, since early 2016, T has been stuck at 90% of C or so.  
The frequency of backlogs does not seem to be increasing; and we should not expect it to increase, because of the feedback mechanism above.  If backlogs longer than the last big one occurred 50% of the time, bitcoin would become unusable even for ransomware or drug traffic.


This situation is well known in queuing theory, because the math is the same for all kinds of networks and processes.  It was explained by Mike Hearn in his "crash landing" blogpost.  
As T approaches C, the random variations in T (and/or C) create backlogs that are more frequent and last longer.  Specifically, the duration of the backlogs will have an exponential distribution whose average increases to infinity as T tends to C on average.   
When T = C on average, exactly, the distribution of the backlog durations changes character -- IIRC, to a power law whose average diverges.  
And when T is slightly above C,  soon a backlog starts that will never stop growing -- more precisely, the probability of the backlog ever clearing tends **very** quickly to zero.  
In the case of bitcoin, however, the backlog it will stop growing when the mempool reaches a certain size, because older transactions will start to get dropped, and/or the miners will restart the program and discard the entire backlog.  In either case, there will be transactions that never confirm. Only brain-dead clients would continue to issue those...
@_date: 2017-01-19 06:22:20


Those are a very small fraction of the merchants who "accept bitcoin".  In fact, I am not aware of any *established* legal shop or internet commerce site that directly accepts bitcoin, without the help of a payment processor.  The businesses that do so seem to be all recent startups or "hungry college student" enterprises, with little sales and uncertain profitability.
Bitcoin is inviable for that purpose, because confirmation takes 10 min *on average* when there is no backlog at the miners, and hours or days when there is a backlog.    In that meantime a malicious customer could issue a double-spend -- another transaction that sends the same bitcoins to another address -- and get it to be confirmed before the first one.  The payment transaction may even be dropped by miners if it takes more than 3 days to confirm.
BitPay has a non-trivial system set up, that verifies that your transaction was properly sent to miners and that there is no double-spend on the way to them.  That is how it can tell the merchant "ok, paid" right away, even before your transaction is confirmed, and even if there is a backlog.   The merchants do not have such a system, so if they accepted bitcoins directly, they would have to wait for your transaction to be confirmed on the blockchain.  That rules out walk-in shops, and means longer shipping delays for internet shops.
@_date: 2017-01-14 00:38:55
Thanks for the good comments.
By the way,  I just learned that "penny stock" has a broader meaning than I thought.  By that I meant stocks of failed or bogus companies, which have no significant assets and no source of revenue; whose shares are still traded, but which have no realistic prospects of ever working.  
Those stocks are the staple of pump-and-dump schemes and other types of "retail" investment fraud. Because of their normally low price,  they can be pumped with a small investment, and then dumped on unsuspecting investors who are lured by the price rise.  Speculating with such stocks of course is a zero-sum game (or slightly negative-sum, considering broker fees and wasted time).
But I see now that the term "penny stock" may also include legitimate companies that just have a  share value below $5 or whatever (presumably because they shrank a lot since they started, even if they did not die yet).  Oh well.
@_date: 2017-01-19 03:45:09
I remember that the true reason was disputed at great length.  Anyone can decide which version made more sense.
@_date: 2017-01-09 02:55:01
So it seems that they did 'blockchain, but not bitcoin' since the beginning, right?  Would be consistent with his background.
@_date: 2017-01-19 02:06:02
It would be a smart move if it earned them more profit at the end of the month.  How would they get that by charging lower prices to clients that pay with btc?
@_date: 2017-01-23 03:01:50
Well, that is what I wrote: the price determines the hashpower, and then the difficulty reacts to it.  Not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-01-31 09:25:43


[This plot]( tells me that clients are not using any fee estimator, or the estimators are broken.  
Zoom into the big backlog by dragging over it with the mouse.  Note how each  colored band that is not being "eaten" by the miners is growing at a relatively constant rate.  (That is the case also when there is no backlog, but then the miners "eat" all bands after 2-3 blocks at most. )
I deduce that clients are generating transactions with a fixed distribution of fees, backlog or no backlog.  It is as if each client picked a fee rate somewhat at random, and used it in all transactions.  Maybe because "it always worked for me".  
That cannot be a stable "fee market".  Anyway, the plot also shows that there is not much relation between what a transaction pays and how long it waits.  Right now, transactions that pay more than 100 sat/B (who knows how much more) have been able to ride through even the biggest backlog without sgnificant delay.  But it seems that any fee below that gives about the same delay, namely until the backlog clears.  And, when there is no backlog, any fee above the minimum is wasted.
By the way, note that there were a couple of backlogs even bigger than the Jan/22 one.   There was one in 2015 that lasted a whole week or more, IIRC.  But that was a declared "stress test", aka spam attack.  Also on Jan/05 there was a large one too that lasted ~2 days.  (Click "All"  and zoom on it.)
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:17:53
That was what I hoped to achieve by writing to the SEC: remind them to be diligent and avoid repeating the same mistake with the COIN ETF.
@_date: 2017-01-25 14:56:26
Apparently its API stopped working for Bitcoinwisdom.  The price chart has been stuck as 6470 since Jan/22.  But the chart on Huobi's website is working normally.
@_date: 2017-01-17 16:06:07
Which in fact they did, by accident, a year or two ago.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:15:16


Have you considered that those people were hospitalized and being given the drugs for some reason?  What would have happened if they were not given those drugs?  How many were in fact saved by those drugs?


In spite of brakes, there are tens of thousands of fatal car accidents every year.  Brakes are obviously a scam imposed by corrupt bankers or whatever! Let's get rid of brakes!


Well, you live in in a better country, but somehow that does not seem to have the effect one might expect.
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:41:37
I don't see sources or proof on your end either.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:31:01


Says the guy who hopes to get rich without doing anything useful, by swindling pensioners and poor farmers in Africa.
@_date: 2017-01-12 22:28:28
As much as I wish that were true, I don't think so.  From the questions that the SEC asked between the 1st and 2nd calls for comments, I would guess that they are more concerned with technical issues that I did not have much to say about -- such as liquidity, quality of information available to investors, how the shares would be valued, etc..
As for the last pont, in the last amendment to the filing the Winklevoss brothers defined that the closing price of the 4:00 pm auction at their Gemini exchange would be used to define the official price of the shares.  But the volume of that auction started small and has been decreasing.  On several days it has been below 100 BTC, even zero.  So, it seems to me that one could easily manipulate the official price by placing fairly small bids or asks on that auction.  
But, overall, I am pessimistic, which mean optimistic for you.  The main factor in their decision will probably be political.  
They must know that if they denied the license (as I believe they should, to uphold their mission), they would be stoned by legions of irate bitcoiners, day-traders, and even pensioners who have been duped and want to put their savings into it.  They may eevn get angry phone calls from congressmen and other big shots.  And no one will ever know how much public misery and grief they  prevented with that decision.
On the other hand, suppose that they approve.  When bitcoin gets superseded by something else, and its price goes to zero, and thousands of pensioners realize that the "investment" where they put all their savings was just a pyramid scheme, and come shouting before the SEC's door -- the SEC can point to the place in the prospectus where it says "the price may be adversely affected", and say only "we did our duty, which was to ensure that you were properly warned about the risks".
Which alternative is more tempting?
@_date: 2017-01-29 21:24:00
Do those machines take or dispense cash? 
@_date: 2017-01-31 05:40:37
The normal state of the network should have the average incoming traffic T somewhat below the effective capacity C.  It would seem that C is ~315'000 tx/day (seen for example on Jan/25, midway through the big backlog), and T is ~280'000 tx/day averaged over 1 month or so -- that is, 90% of C.
But T is not constant: it has a clear sinusoidal variation of ±35% during each day, plus a drop during weekends, plus random surges.  
The capacity C also has similar patterns, including a more pronounced sinusoidal variation (±40%) within each day but smaller weekly modulation, with some random dips but and no significant random surges.  Also, the random nature of PoW creates random variations in C, when looked at the 1-hour scale.
The periodic intraday variation of C is preserved even during large backlogs, so it is not due to variations of T.  However, if I am reading the charts correctly,  the intraday variations in T and C have peaks at similar hours, which are middle of day in the US and middle of the night in China (their clocks being about 12 hours apart). 
I think that it is just a lucky coincidence.  Most of the usage for payments (legal and illegal) seems to occur in the US, which is consistent with the T peaks.  Most of the mining occurs in China because of low electricity costs -- and electricity prices are presumably lower late at night; which would explain the C peaks.
Anyway, the important fact is that the average T is about 90% of C, but has random surges above that level. It is well known that, in this situation, any significant surge in T (or drop in C) will create a long-lasting backlog -- as your simulation shows.  A significant fraction of the transactions issued during a backlog will have to wait until it is cleared, no matter what fees they pay, The rest of the time, the network behaves as if it had unlimited blocks: every transaction is confirmed within a couple of blocks, even if it pays only the minimum fee.
This situation is bad from both points of view, big-blockian and small-blockian.  
The big-blockians object to the long delays -- hours or days -- during the backlogs, and the high fees that users are forced to pay -- which are largely wasted, one way or the other. 
The small-blockians are disappointed, because they counted on there being a permanent backlog, to create a stable fee market and ensure high but predictable fees.  However, a permanent backlog is not possible.  It would mean that a fixed fraction of the transactions is never confirmed, and is dropped after some expiration time; but then the users who issued those transactions would reduce their use of bitcoin, or leave it altogether; until the normal state (with T just below C) is achieved.  So, competition for block space exists only during backlogs; and the conditions there are too unpredictable and variable to result in a stable fee market.
@_date: 2016-11-28 11:17:04


You did not explain how that actually works.  
The problem is that the blockchain does not establish *property* of bitcoins or anything.  It only restricts certain operations to people who know the appropriate private key.  But there is no way to know whether those people have the *right* to do so.  Not even how many people know the key.  
The pleasure that collectors derive from owning rarities comes from the feeling of exclusivity: from the knowledge that *no one else* owns (can hold, play, use) that thing, even though they very much wish to do.  
No one would pay millions for a Picasso, if others could have **exactly the same** Picasso for the cost of copying some MB of data.  Thus the concept of "digital rarity" is rather shaky, to say the least.


Apart from the fact that the blockchain does not have the capacity to record all that data, nothing prevents counterfeiters from recording the music as it is played, and distributing it to millions of users, without touching the blockchain.
Sure, artists can lobby to make it illegal to record a blockchain-secured song; but pirating is already illegal anyway, so what does the blockchain add to it?


No; see above.  


Smart contracts are a clever solution that is still looking for a problem that it can solve.  So far, it has only enabled one of the largest heist/losses in bitcoin's history, the DAO caper.  (Maybe third place, after MtGOX and Bitfinex.  Unless it was surpassed the BitFunder and other early ponzis.)
The fundamental problem of smart contracts is that they can only depend on data that is already in the blockchain.  Any data about the real world must be inserted there by some process that is not secured by the blockchain. That makes smart contracts no less prone to fraud and error than standard contracts.
@_date: 2017-01-22 22:34:49
Yes. 
And the [block rate]( (now at a record 170 blocks/day) should also drop by that much, to near the target of 144 blocks/day.  That may cause some large backlogs for a while, until demand adjusts to the lower capacity.
@_date: 2016-11-28 09:28:27


Yes, and that is why only fools and criminals "invest" in currencies.  Where did bitcoiners get the idea that hoarding a currency was a form of investment?


No you lost the 100 **dollars** (or whatever) the moment you bought the bitcoin.  Unless you sell, you don't have 750 **dollars**, you just have 1 BTC.  That is why the alleged gain of 650 **dollars** is only a *paper* gain, while the loss of 100 **dollars** is a *real* loss.


If you did the same thing in March 2015 you would have concluded that the price had been down for the prvious 2 years.  If you check the price variation today (Nov/28) from exactly 3 years ago you will see a drop from ~1100 to ~720.   


There is no price trend.  It is clear that, since the Nov/2013 peak, the price is no longer "growing with temporary setbacks".  The last 3 years have been quite unlike the previous 5.


It has stagnated for the past 9 months as traffic bumped into the 1 MB ceiling.  There was a surge recently due to increased hashpower that reduced the block interval, but the difficulty then had a big adjustment that resulted in the last 4-day backlog.
The number of transactions per day simply cannot grow any more.  Even if SegWit gets activated, that will be only a 50-70% increase -- nothing compared to the 100% per year that was seen until 2015.


There is no way to know that.  With traffic limited to less than 3 tx/s, it is unlikely that the user base will grow.


There is no way to know that for sure either, but there is plenty of anecdotal reports that stores are in fact giving up on bitcoin because the use is so tiny that it isnot worth training the employees on it.


Compared do 2013 maybe, but it is still too high to allow serious use as currency.  Not even 6 months ago, it dropped from 660 to 480 in one day, then parttly recovered to 570 in the next day.  
Standard volatility measures were not designed for something as crazy as bitcoin.


No evidence of that.  On the contrary, there are companies quietly moving away from bitcoin, like Uphold and tFactom.


There is data on that, and it shows a substantial decrease compared to 2014 -- even if one counts companies that use "blockchain technology", which is not bitcoin but a competitor to it.
@_date: 2017-01-19 05:34:11
BU will not activate at "51%", but only after higher percentage of miners (75%?) have voted for it.   And then there will be a grace period, to let the other 25% and all clients upgrade their software, before the size limit is actually raised.  Doing a hard fork with only 51% of the miners would run the risk of splitting the coin.
A soft fork, on the other hand, could be implemented in theory as soon only 51% of the miners decide to do so; and users would have no say in the matter -- they may not even be aware of it.  Recent soft forks have used blockchain voting and a 95% threshold, but only because the Core devs proposed to do so, and the miners went along with that.
@_date: 2016-11-29 01:46:09
I explained that already.  Without that quote, other potential collaborators might suspect that Satoshi was planning a dirty trick.  He could have secretly mined thousands of blocks on top of that genesis block.  Then, after other people had been using bitcoin for a few months, and perhaps sold him goods in exchange of bitcoins, Satoshi could post that secret blockchain.  Being longer, it would supersede the current chain, and all transactions confirmed in it would be canceled.  
By including that headline in the genesis block, Satoshi was proving to potential collaborators that he could have secretly mined only a hundred blocks, at most, on top of it.  (Assuming of course that he did not have access to a supercomputer -- but bitcoin was not big enough to justify that expense.) 
@_date: 2017-01-04 02:12:49
You are new here, I see.
I was pulling your leg. Actually, as people here already know, I have been doubling my bitcoin holdings every day since I first learned about bitcoin, in November 2013.
@_date: 2017-01-23 06:33:11
I did not know that Wells Fargo and IBM were rivals...
@_date: 2016-11-25 17:51:25
The point is many more people must have bought bitcoins in Nov/2013 than at any other time.  (If first heard of bitcoin at about that time, when someone I was following on twitter wrote "this is not investment advice, but I am putting all my savings into bitcoin".  He later admitted that it was a five-figure amount in euros, and only got Mark to release part of it because he was sort of a celebrity and made a big fuss in the internet about it.)
@_date: 2017-01-12 11:16:03
Buying cryptocurrencies is not investment.  It is a gambling game, like a lottery or a pyramid scheme.   Would you gamble your savings and the kids' college money at Las Vegas?
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:10:53


For the same reason that saying "Vinnie, get rid of that bastard for me" is not protected by free speech.


Good question.
@_date: 2017-01-19 04:22:01
Credit cards charge the merchant between 1.5% and 3.0%.  BitPay charges 1%. So, to be worth the extra hassle of accepting bitcoin, the merchant should not offer a discount greater than 0% to 1.5%, respectively.  How many new customers would those discounts attract?
@_date: 2016-12-26 14:17:59
Making it more divisible would be only a convenience improvement for users; it would not mean profit for anyone.  Raising the cap, on the other hand, would mean more bitcoins for the miners. So there is a group who may have a strong motivation (millions of dollars per day) to raise the cap.
@_date: 2016-11-19 12:48:51


On the contrary!  The block size limit today should be something like 100 MB.  With 1 MB, 1,7 MB, or 2 MB, it will be equally broken: there will be recurring backlogs, users will have to pay more AND wait longer, and spammers will have easy and cheap fun DDoSing the network for days.
@_date: 2017-01-12 22:03:00


Not exactly.  The GBTC shares do not give the holder ownership of a fraction of some company, but ownership of some bitcoins held by the managing company.  So, for instance, those shares do not give voting rights and do not pay dividends from the company's profits.
The COIN ETF would be quite similar, but traded on an open stock exchange (BATS) instead of the OTCQX marketplace.
@_date: 2016-12-26 16:48:22


Of course it is.
All fiat currencies were created with the solemn promise that they would never be devaluated.  But eventually they had to be, "just a little, just once"...
In all cases, devaluation was at first said to be unthinkable: it would destroy faith in the currency, wreck the economy, etc.  But, when things got rough, the unthinkable invariably happened.
Why would bitcoin be different?  The 21 million cap is not secured by a backing asset or by a legal committment to convertibility.  It can be changed by changing a couple of lines in the software.  Keeping it or changing it will be an entirely human decision...
@_date: 2016-11-28 08:40:50


It is irrelevant.  Anyone could have mined a second block any time after the genesis block was published, with only the delay needed to install the software and get it running.  The headline on the genesis block mas meant to reassure those other miners that the genesis block was created on the same day it was published.
@_date: 2016-11-29 11:51:14


Not at all.
Printing more money is just one more form of taxation.  If the government cannot use it, it will use other taxes.  (That is what the banker-installed government is doing in my country right now.)
But the banks and government WILL be able to create virtual bitcoins without mining them, just as they create dollars without actually printing dollar bills.


Again, that headline was inserted in the genesis block for technical reasons, and its contents is quite irrelevant to the project.  
But after the myth of "political message" has been thoughtlessly repeated for eight years, it is now nearly impossible for people to go back and see how silly that "message" is.
But if you want to believe, keep believing, what can I do...
@_date: 2016-11-30 06:49:58


The banks do not have to show that now, and it is no secret that they lend money without having the corresponding cash reserves.  Why would they be required to have cash reserves in the bitcoin future? If they can be forced to do that in the future, and that is good, why can't they be forced to do that now?


Look around you... It is the other way around: for large amounts, cash is unwieldy and slow.  Both sides will prefer to use bank wire and bank money to cash.   (Unless it is some criminal purpose, but the bank will report that withdrawal.) 
And, anyway, for a bank with 1 billion dollars in deposit, providing a million dollars in cash (or in bitcoin) for a stupid customer who insists on it will be no sweat, even if it is lending N times its actual cash (or bitcoin) holdings.  
And the bank MUST lend more than its cash reserves, because most of that 1 billion of deposits should be invested in productive things, not kept as cash in a vault.
As someone observed in a Forbes blogost, bitcoin is money as it was in Roman times.  The LN, as envisioned by its fans, would be the correspondent banking of the 13th century or so.  Someday bitcoiners will learn why post-1500 banking was invented, and caught on...
@_date: 2016-11-14 11:22:42
The trades that happened at MtGox (or that happen in any exchange) are not recorded in the blockchain, but in a private database.  (Only deposits and withdrawals are recorded)  
MtGox's accounting of those trades was a mess, since its creation in mid 2010 to its demise in early 2014.  The Japanese police and the court-appointed trustee who is handling the bankruptcy have tried to find out what happened, but AFAIK they still don't know.  It is possible that most of those "missing" coins never existed, and traders just were led to believe that they earned them by trading against fake traders. 
The police did find that Mark Karpelès spent some of his client's money for his own benefit.  He was held in prison for one year (for investigation?), and formally charged with ebmezzlement of a few million dollars, but  AFAIK he hasn't been tried yet.
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:14:35
Is there any evidence that they did?  Like, a filing 
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:39:09


Suppose for a moment that Ethereum is the bitcoin-killer.  How would that "UTXO transplant" work out, exactly?  
Would it kill Ethereum, and restore all the former value to bitcoin?


No, I am thinking of the *currency* dying because it is too deeply rooted into an obsolete *protocol*. 
@_date: 2017-01-15 20:46:56


The volatility is due to most of it being held by "hodlers" and day-traders instead of "shoppers" (consumers, merchants, and services who use it as a currency).   
The price P (in USD/BTC) is V x T / N where V is the volume of payments by shoppers (USD/day), T is the average time between uses of the same coin (days), and N is the number of units (BTC) available for payments,  
The parameters V and T are attributes of the commercial activity that uses bitcoins, and therefore change relatively slowly with time.  But N is whatever is *not* withheld from circulation --  i.e. not in the hands of hoarders or in the  accounts of day-traders at the exchanges.  
I would guess that 95% of the bitcoins are withheld from circulation.  If the mood of the holders becomes a little more pessimistic, and they unload only 5% of their holdings, then N would almost double, and the price would drop ~50%.
This is a simplistic analysis that ignores many details.  But the conclusion seems correct: volatility is large because most of the coin is being hoarded rather than circulated.  So, it will decrease only if hoarding decreases.  Why would it?


Moves may take longer to develop, but they are still too large for currency use.  Recently it went up from 790 to 1136 (+43%) in 15 days, for no clear reason except "wow, here we go". And then dropped to 800 (-37%) in 8 days, because of vague rumors about PBoC intervention (and suspension of margin trading). 


That is precisely the goal: discourage people from hoarding the currency.


Well, for 99.9% of people out there, the question is silly.
You must admit that, in spite of having lost the gold anchor in 1971, the dollar has been a fairly good currency for all purposes that a currency is meant for.  (Whereas gold has become largely just another speculative gambling game.)  Indeed, it is still one of the best currencies of the world.  
The dollar is accepted and used by the 300 million people in the US, and in many places overseas.  It can be used to buy a strip of chewing gum or a space station, or anything in between.  Shops can post prices in dollars, without having  to update them every day.  Individuals and businesses can do financial planning in dollars. (If your planning is so tight that USD inflation is important, you must have a multimillion dollar company, whose accountants know how to account for it.)
You can receive your salary in dollars, and spend it at your leisure over the next month or two: what you give the government  in the form of inflation is insignificant compared to other taxes.  If you only spend part of your salary, you should invest the excess into some productive asset that will at least compensate for inflation.


The scenario I proposed is that the centralized and censored system supersedes bitcoin, meaning that there is no significant demand for bitcoin.
So what you meant is that such scenario is impossible because there will always be a demand for an uncensored decentralized payment system. 


"Illegal" means against the law.  Granted, government agents often act outside the law; and I happen to agree that marijuana should be treated the same as tobacco.  However, as long as it is illegal in the US, the US government must fight it -- including censoring payments related to it.  
It makes no sense for a government to allow a system whose **only** purpose is to evade its laws.  
@_date: 2016-12-19 02:04:55
Not [this]( or [this]( or [this](
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:19:28


Bitcoin will not improve the lot of those people.  If anything, it will make their lot worse. 
As it has already has: how many bought at 1200 and had to sell for half or less?  Not the Winkles, for sure...
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:07:45
[If there in the ethereal skies\
memories are still allowed to move](
@_date: 2016-11-20 22:49:41


Could you then please post a thread here "Blockstream and Core do not promise that LN will bring significant increase in bitcoin usage"?


Amazing how reality gets distorted in this sub...  Next you are going to claim that Greg invented bitcoin (or was it Adam?) but Satoshi stole his idea and broke it?


Can you name some of those "experts", that are not employees or contractors of Blockstream?
Also, can you point out to any improvements in bitcoin that the "new Core team" has brought about since they took over?  Note however that code is not an improvement, but only a means that might lead to improvement.  And new things that users *can* do are not improvements either, unless users actually *do* them because they find them useful.
I can tell you four improvements that they brought about: users have to pay higher (and unpredictable) fees; they have to wait (unpredictably) longer for confirmation; spam attacks  are now easier, cheaper, and more effective; and usage has stopped growing.  Any other that I forgot?
@_date: 2016-11-29 08:51:47


Consider that
1. As a political statement, it is a rather silly one.  The bank bailouts were not caused by the pound being a bad currency or by banks being inefficient as payment networks, but because they lent money to those who could not pay it back.  Bitcoin will not prevent that from happening again.  
2. If he wanted to send a political message, he would have used some more pertinent and memorable quote from a libertarian author or whatever.
2.  /The Times/ is arguably the best newspaper for the purpose of proving freshness, since it is known and available worldwide.  
3. If he wanted to use the headline for both purposes, then he would have had to wait until a suitable headline came up.  Considering all the work that he put into the design and implementation, it would be silly to delay the announcement for that banal reason.
Satoshi certainly believed that the creation of new money by central banks was a bad thing, because it devalued the currency, and that was "obviously" bad.  So, when he had to create a new currency for his trustless payment system, he designed it with a capped issuance limit.  
I cannot fault him for that belief, because I too believed the same until 2013.  "Everybody" knows that inflation is bad, and the economists who said otherwise were lying to us, right?  (Actually I was a bit ahead of him, because in my plans of World Reform I would make the total money in circulation proportional to the size of the population -- say 100'000 units per person.) 
It was only after I saw what the mere prospect of "deflation" did to bitcoin that I understood what those economists were saying.  A good currency must have some inflation, to discourage people from hoarding it; because hoarding causes volatility and prevents the use of the currency for its intended purpose.
@_date: 2016-11-13 11:11:28
Even though many Taiwanese may be interested in Budweiser, posting a Budweiser ad to will be considered spam by the mods of that subreddit.  Same for same for bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-26 18:48:28


I cannot find that message in the SEC directory.  Did you send it to the right address?  Or did you just post it as a new thread on @_date: 2016-11-25 22:38:10
I am not relying only on exchange volume (although, if you stop to think what could have caused that volume, the conclusion follows).  That tweet described quite well the feeling of the time.
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:13:05
OK, I stand corrected.  Bitfinex can still write to the SEC to clarify that point.
@_date: 2016-12-03 16:59:39
Vendendo bitcoins como um bom investimento.
@_date: 2016-12-04 22:57:21


But when you dowload the binary, you must trust that the key that you use to verify its digital signature is that of the good version.  If the hacker who is serving you a malicious version of Core can also serve you a bad public key, that check will not help.  
And he does not need to break into both sites to do that: he can replace both pieces of information by getting you to use a compromised browser.
@_date: 2016-12-27 01:08:23
Forbes articles like that one are not wrtten by their staff, but by independent unpaid contributors.  Note the disclaimer "Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own." 
@_date: 2016-12-03 09:31:30
You must (ahem!) trust them.
@_date: 2016-11-05 00:21:02
@_date: 2016-12-30 16:41:40
Since Satoshi described it.  After the channel is created, the two parties exchange apparently valid bitcoin transactions, but without sending them to the miners.  Only at the end, when one party decides to close the channel, he sends the last of those transactions to the miners -- who may still fail to confirm it, for the reasons above.
@_date: 2017-01-15 22:34:05


Wise people do not hoard dollars -- neither cash, nor dollars in bank accounts. If they have dollars that they cannot spend on necessary things, they spent  them in investments that provide some return. 
But anyway, dollars have a government that tries to keep their value stable (apart from a small inflation).  You can see the importance of that by looking at countries whose governments are incompetent or do not have the resources to do that task.
@_date: 2016-12-05 09:29:21


That is not at all obscure.  If you update your browser from the wrong repository, the browser will be compromised, but not (usually) the rest of the machine.  That would be a way to do a blanket attack on all bitcoin users who use the same internet service (as opposed to a directed attack on a specific user).


A large bitcoin conference may have a couple hundred people.  That is tiny even compared to the current user base.  


Someone who wants to attack you could well use that "social engineering" method to give you bad keys and URLs.


A compromised browser would simply do a global search/replace of the good key by the bad key, and of the good URL by the bad URL, in every page that it displays.   
That is also how a compromised browser could trick you into sending your 10 BTC to the hacker instead of BitPay or Bitstamp.


Thell that to Bitfinex.  Or Shapeshift.  Or any other dozens of hacked bitcoin sites that were secured by dedicated security experts...
@_date: 2016-11-10 22:29:56


I was including that in (a).  But indeed I forgot "(c) the owner has no business experience, and started this company only because he wanted to help the cause of bitcoin".  Which does  not make it a scam, but is still reason enough to stay away from it.


Whatever their tricks and histories, the fact is that many customers like to use them, and avoid merchants that do not accept them.


The rule says "accepts payment **only** in bitcoin --&gt; scam".  If the company **also** accepts credit cards, PayPal, and/or bank wires, that rule does not apply.   It is what a legit merchant who wants to maximize his profits will do.  A company that wants **only** bitcoin has chosen to use a form of payment that has no charge-backs and no KYC trail, even though that means selling to only a tiny fraction of its potential market.
@_date: 2017-01-11 05:34:09
By that criterion, every human over 3 is a candiate for SN.
Moreover, outside mathematics there is no such thing as proof.  Every piece of evidence depends on assumptions and interpretations.  There are no certainties, only probabilities.  Individuals (and courts of law) must take decisions on probabilities alone. So, if you demand absolute proof, none of those candidates can ever be taken off the list.
Worse, since each person gets different evidence, and interprets it according his bias and experience, probabilities are inherently subjective.  There is no such thing as  **the** probability of some claim; only **my** probability, and **your** probability.  And they can also vary with time, up or down, as one gets new evidence, or one's mind changes.
That said, I can tell you that **my** probability that Craig is Satoshi, **now**, is so low that I don't even bother to consider the possibility.  
The evidence that led me to that opinion includes his history as an entrepreneur and his ... non-orthodox dealings with the Australian technology incentive program and tax officials (which provide a convincing alternative explanation for his claim to be SN), the abysmal quality of his technical writings, his muddy technical statements about bitcoins (especially his first mentions of it on some forum), the contrast between his writing style and personality and those of SN (as inferred from his writings) -- and of course the failure to prove control of Satoshi's bitcoins.
@_date: 2016-11-27 04:17:05


They believed the hype of the Antonopouloses and Andreessens, and bought bitcoins at &gt; 800$ expecting the price to go higher; but it crashed instead.  They lost their money, which became the profit of those who sold them those bitcoins.  
If that is not a proper use of "sucker", then what is it?
@_date: 2016-11-14 15:20:18
It is possible that Jed McCaleb  did not think of either speculation or drug traffic when he repurposed MtGOX to bitcoin in july 2010.  When Mark acquired it, however (in March 2011), speculative trading and drug traffic were already the main sources of revenue; and Mark definitely knew that.  (You are aware of Mark's previous "business experience", I suppose.)


Currencies are not meant to be objects of investment or speculative trading.  They don't generate profit and generally need to have some inflation to discourage hoarding.  Bitcoin's lack of inflation was arguably the cause of its worst problems, including volatility and centralization of mining.
Satoshi did not create bitcoin to be a speculative investment.  If there is something that the world does not need, it is one more of those. 
MtGOX was instrumental in causing bitcoin to miss its goal; and Satoshi must have seen that in Dec/2010.
@_date: 2016-12-19 19:14:07


I deplore its use for scams and crimes.  (Is that an unreasonable position?) And the fact that bitcoin is more adequate for those things than for legal payments is indeed a flaw in the concept.
As for its use as speculative trading instrument, that abuse caused its extreme volatility (making it unsuitable as a currency) and miner centralization (because it made industrial-scale mining a very lucrative business).  And it is bad for mankind, since it does not generate any wealth -- it just moves it from some unlucky guys to some lucky ones.  If there is someting that the world does not need is another speculative gambling game.
@_date: 2016-12-26 15:11:58


I have just come out of a long and inconclusive reddit discussion about that, and not in the mood for another one...  Suffices to say that, if holders did not mind the switch to the "fee market", why would they mind increasing the block reward "just for a little longer"?  
The holders cannot do anything except dump their coins, and that would hurt them more than the miners.  If the cap is raised from 21 to 22 million, "just this once", their interest will be to hold.
@_date: 2016-11-26 03:42:28


It can be argued that GLD at least serves as a hedge of last resort: if stocks and bonds somehow become worthless,  gold will probably still retain 30% of its value.  
However,  looking at the excursions of the gold price over the last 20 years, I would say that the world would have been much better if the GLD fund had never been created.  GLD and its trading have not created any new wealth; only moved trillions from some pockets to other pockets,making some people rich, others miserable.  Many people must have lost a lot of money when gold crashed from 1800 $/oz to 1200 $/oz/, for example.


That is another important point that the COIN prospectus does not adequately expose: there is no useful information about the state of the bitcoin economy.  (The blockchain shows all transactions, but that does not help because no one knows who are the parties and what each transaction is for.)  Therefore, investors will not be able to make any return/risk assessment.
@_date: 2016-12-26 10:12:53


Well, that plan does not sound as mindbogglingly stupid as the Neo&amp;Bee "shares", that entitled the bearer to a share of the profit only (not of the company), for the first 12 months only.   That much we can say.
@_date: 2016-12-19 02:11:46
Because there is nothing computer-scientific in it.  It is just a plain scam like zillions before it.  (Remember the MyCoin scam in HK?)  The victims definitely should be informed about its true nature, but I have nothing to contribute to that cause. 
Bitcoin was an interesting computer science idea and experiment, before it was hijacked for bad purposes.  It still has interesting issues worth looking into. 
@_date: 2016-11-14 19:21:12
MtGOX was instrumental, but if it did not exist, other exchanges would soon have sprung up.  The basic flaw was putting a fixed cap on the amount of bitcoins that will ever exist.
@_date: 2016-12-05 10:27:31


Good point. If you care about security, you should never install any software in your machine. ;-)
OK, ok: if you care about security, you should never use thrid-party privileged-mode installer scripts to install software on your machine.   You should download plain tarfiles and install the binaries yourself, by hand.
But, even then, the point above remains: if you install a compromised browser, it can steal your bitcoins -- even if it does not run in privileged mode and does not have access to your wallet.
Thus, you should download the source of the browser (and of most any other program), check it carefully line by line, and compile it yourself.  (But  beware of malicious compilers, like that Solidity one which compiled if(False) as if(True).)


I described it above. The compromised browser could just watch for the webpage of that web service, and modify it so that the user gets the wrong address where he is supposed to send his bitcoins to.


Do you realize that you are asking *every bitcoin user* to do this, every time he updates his copy of the Core client?


If that were true, there would be no hacks and no computer viruses...
If you run Windows, the machine is already compromised.  If you run Linux and use the standard software updating tools, the machine is already compromised.  If the user at the keyboard  is not a very knowledgeable and alert computer security expert, the machine is already compromised...


The point is that a hacker or malicious insider can install bugged software -- including bitcoind -- in staff machines, even in companies that have security experts on board.
PS. No, I don't teach computer security.  I think it is like Medieval medicine...
@_date: 2016-12-11 14:07:49
It makes sense.  Like store names, traffic signs may change.  If they were not erased, users might trust the photo and waste their time, get fined, etc..
@_date: 2016-11-09 00:47:58


That is bad loogic.  A criterion that implies that a business is scam is very useful, even if the reciprocal is not true.


Yes.  That is another useful rule: "Company's listed address is not its actual address --&gt; scam".  But it was not relevant in this case.


A company that accepts payment only in bitcoin has decided to serve only 0.01% of its potential market.  The only possible justifications for such a decision are (a) they can't qualify for a credit card/PayPal merchant account, or (b) they don't want the legal liability and traceabiliity that comes with such an account.  Either case is enough reason to stay clear of such company.
Guess why Visa and Paypal charge high fees from merchants, and still merchants put up with them:  because the merchants would lose many customers, and make much less profit, if they did did not accept those payment methods.


That is another important rule, yes.
@_date: 2016-12-05 00:23:22
Then you must check the source and (among many, many other things) make sure that the random number generator does deliver 160 random bits, and they are properly used when creating the private key.
@_date: 2016-12-23 00:40:13


I read (not very carefully, granted) the BitFury paper on Flare, which is supposed to be the best LN routing proposal yet.  They simply ignore channel balances,and cannot find a backup path if the first one fails.  Also their paths are likely to be twice as long as the typical shortest path, which will be already too long  (~15 hops instead of ~8, for 1 million users and ~6 channels per user).  
If I understand correctly, Rusty's simulator will know the state of all channels at all times, so that routing is relatively trivial.


How do the file servers in BitTorrent recover their cost?




Indeed. That case is only *technically* efficient, in the sense that the overhead for each micropayment is comparable or lower than the overhead of a central MP service. But economically it is still very problematic, to say the least.


Bidirectional channels and multihop payments would *in theory* give each user the ability to send all his locked bitcoins at any time to any other user.  But in practice there will still be bitcoins that are stuck in the corners of the system, that they owners cannot easily spend.
For instance, suppose that Alice has four channels, each with a 10 BTC output balance, and she wants to send 25 BTC to Bob.  But all Bob's channels  together have only 3 BTC of remaining capacity in his direction.  The only way for Alice to do that payment is to close three of her channels, thus freeing 30 of her BTC; create a new channel to Bob with at least 22 BTC funding; and possibly reopen some of those closed channels with the remainder of the the 30 BTC. 
Even if Bob's channels can handle 25 BTC, with current technology the payment would have to be split into three or more multihop payments, each executed independently.  But that is not good; merchants do not like receiving payments split into random sums.  And of course the fees will be much higher.  So, effectively, Alice's coins will be harder to spend for being locked in multiple payment channels.


I mean the signed but unbroadcast transaction that is sent when making each payment through a payment channel.  "Check" seems to be a good name, since people can exchange signed paper checks which are held for some time before being cashed out.


Only one fee will be paid when closing the channel, but every transaction must include that fee.  That is, if the on-chain fee is 0.20 USD, and the micropayments are 0.0001 USD each, then the first "check" must pay 0.0001 to Bob and 0.20 of fee, the second one 0.0002 to Bob and 0.20 fee, etc.


But it does not scale to 10 million users doing a $20 payment per day on average.  At least, not soon enough to satisfy the investors.  That was the very reason why people went looking for an overlay network that would do those payments off-chain.
@_date: 2016-12-27 02:07:45
My point is that the *title of this thread* is misleading, since it reads like Star Xu acquired NEEQ.   The company he acquired is Huazhenglian.  NEEQ is just the place where he bought the shares.  
The press release was written by NEEQ, not by Star or Huazhenglian.  So it talks more about NEEQ, which is an unimportant detail, instead of the company that was bought.
@_date: 2016-11-26 19:21:26


That is fantasy.  Loaners will still want interest, and the interest rates will be set according to the borrower's risk of default. Even if money lending is a perfectly free market, people with bad credit history will have to pay higher interest.  So, whatever technology is used to implement the loan, the interest rates will still be pretty much the same as today.
A smart contract cannot determine the destination of money that the signing party still does not have.  So one cannot create a smart contract that is guaranteed to repay a loan using one's next month salary.  
At best, one can can create a contract that will use whatever will get deposited into the address where one receives one's current salary.  But nothing can guarantee that there will BE a next salary paid into that account.
@_date: 2016-11-26 08:27:03


Any vehicle where investors make money ONLY at the expense of other investors is a form of gambling (if the investors know what is going on) or a ponzi-like scam (if they don't).    
I don't gamble, but I believe that people have the right to do whatever they want with their money, including gambling it away.  I have no sympathy (to put it mildly) for scammers.  Either way, the existence of such vehicles does not make the world better.  
Bitcoin was not meant to be an investment scam, but investing in it is pretty close to one.  A bitcoin ETF would be closer still, because its purpose is only to sell bitcoin to people who cannot understand the risks.  Those people will be led to invest partly by the hype of "may be worth millions one day" salesmen, and partly by the very fact that it is a SEC-approved ETF that trades in the same markets as Apple stocks.  That is, the ETF will make bitcoin look like a respectable investment.


Of course not.  Good companies create new concrete wealth (products or services) and either distribute it as dividends, or accumulate it as facility expansion and cash reserves, That new wealth is where the profit of their long-term investors comes from.  
Day traders can exploit price variation (often created by them) to turn stock (or anything) into a gambling game; but that is not sound investment.
The normal outcome of creating a new public company is for ALL its investors to make a profit.  Of course, the company may fail, or its profits may be less than expected by investors who bought the stock when it was overvalued; but those are accidents that managers and investors should avoid.   
On the other hand, "everybody profits" is impossible in the case of vehicles that do not have a wealth-creating mechanism backing them: for such instrumenrts, every dollar of profit that one investor may make must come from some other investor's loss.


If bitcoin is doomed, as I believe and argue, then the ETF should not be created, because any share sold will be a fraud.  But let's suppose that it will not crash, at least for a while.  How can an investor tell whether $750 is too high or too low?  How can he predict whether it will rise or fall in the next few years?
For stocks, an investor has some information that will bear on those questions.  There are quarterly audits that tell him exactly how much the company earned in sales and spent in costs.  He knows the products that the company makes, and the consumer demand.  He knows who the main competitors are, etc.. 
But for bitcoin, there is absolutely no relevant information available.  Bitcoin is supposed to be valuable because it is hoped that it will be widely used as a currency for (legal) commerce one day.  But there is no data about the volume of commercial payments made in bitcoin, not even within two orders of magnitude.  There is no way to tell whether that volume is growing or shrinking.  There is no data on usage of bitcoin by country, by commerce sector, by age or social group.  There is not even data on the amount of currency in circulation (as opposed to locked up in hoards), on the number of traders and liquidity at the exchanges, etc.
Fact is, the price of bitcoin is still largely determined by the mood of traders at the largest exchanges -- which is impossible to predict.
You can see that in the price charts.  When a whale moves the price of a stock by a significant amount in either direction,  the other traders typically pull the price back to the previous price, because they have reasons to believe that the new one is "too high" or 'too low".   With bitcoin, that does not happen: after a whale move, all traders continue playing around the new price -- because they have absolutely no idea of what is the "right" one.
And that is an important point that the COIN prospectus does not stress enough.  Bitcoin is not only a gambling game, but a weird lottery where the players do not know anything about the odds, the prizes, and the drawing tdate.
@_date: 2016-11-26 19:11:27
They later stated that they have communicated the FBI and are cooperating with them.  I stand corrected.  Bitfinex can still send a rebuttal to the SEC with that information.
@_date: 2018-06-26 14:43:46
You must negotiate the path with the intermediate nodes (and pay their fees) for each payment.  Not good for micro-transactions.
@_date: 2016-11-29 01:38:08
It is better for Bitfinex to do that, since they can provide the SEC with the reference to the FBI incident report and the name of the contact agent.  I would like to see that rebuttal.
@_date: 2016-11-25 17:41:27
I [explained]( several times why that "message" is there, and why its contents does not mean anything. 
@_date: 2016-11-01 17:27:21
Look, this is not the place to discuss this subject, and frankly I have no interest in discussing politics at the present time.  Lets agree that we could not possibly disagree more, and leave it at that.  Ok?
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:01:06


They will form a part of the next block, they will be included in the blockchain, and they will have to be transmitted whenever transactions and blocks are transmitted, except in one case: when relay nodes send blocks to simple clients that do not intend to check the signatures. 


A 2 MB fork could have been a temporary compromise 2 years ago.  Now it is not different than 1 MB or 1.7 MB.  Shortly after the increase, the network will again be congested part of the time.  And, like now will not get worse than that only because demand will stop growing: any new users will be compensated by users driven off by the unpredictable delays.
@_date: 2016-11-19 08:34:11


Sorry.  I generally avoid posting to this religious subreddit.  But I have turned off the moderators' CSS themes on both (because of the dirty censorship tricks) and (because it is ugly).  So the two subreddits now look the same to me, except for a small title at the top some details in the sidebar; and sometimes I get confused.
But since I am here: beware of the Kool-Aid.
@_date: 2016-11-28 12:44:22


For the record, [that is indeed what I have been writing](  
SegWit fixes the malleability, but in a way that is more complicated (and hence riskier) than necessary.  It was decided to go that way because the simpler solution would violate Greg's fatwa against hard forks.  And hard forks are evil because (1) if a hard fork were to be allowed for any reason, there would be no excuse not to raise the block size limit at the same time; and (2) a hard fork requires convincing the mass of screaching users, which is nowhere as fun as writing code.




I did not create the split; and, even though it hurts my ego, I must admit that I contributed very little to it.  Others did and are doing a very good job at both those things. 
@_date: 2016-11-30 00:48:58


In case you have not noticed, the split and the harm were **entirely** the work of insiders who claim to be the greatest Bitcoin **lovers** and protectors.
@_date: 2016-11-30 00:09:58
Indeed I am. I consider part of my job to advise the public and government on matters computational that affect them.
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:52:44


That is how payroll loans work now: the amount due is automatically deducted from your bank account when your salary gets paid.  Or I am missing something?
@_date: 2016-11-26 18:40:37


If you had continued reading, you would have seen that pont discussed (and an explanation of why that is very bad for bitcoin.)
@_date: 2016-12-19 01:23:34
How much did you buy at the peak of the Nov/2013 bubble?
@_date: 2016-12-19 00:46:01
Same to you.
@_date: 2016-11-19 19:17:26


That is how censorship works.  The government allows free expression, except criminal speech, of course.  However, criticizing the government is an attack on the nation, and therefore a crime, and therefore such criticisms must not be allowed.
If you are not bothered by what Theymos is doing in I don't know how to begin explaining why I am.


Indeed, I am the only critic of bitcoin who still posts to forums like But there are MANY more people with similar negative opinions of bitcoin; they just have better ways to waaste their time than debating with the believers.
@_date: 2016-12-03 12:11:13
Quer enganar os outros e xinga quem tenta impedir.  Típico da banda podre do Brasil.
@_date: 2016-12-16 13:54:12
Could you please throw some numbers to support that claim? Namely, number of users, average number of channels per user, and average channel lifetime?
@_date: 2016-12-16 19:08:17


Do you disagree with that?


For the same reason that scientists study ebola, coproliths, and [cognitive impairment]( you know.


Thank you for helping its diffusion.
@_date: 2016-12-02 08:16:22


Game items do have *some* intrinsic value, since some gamers (I presume) buy them to actually use in the game.  That is how those items got a money value in the first place.
Of course, that floor value is flimsy, and would be destroyed if the company indulged in "hyperinflation".  But the company (I imagine) wants to preserve the confidence of gamers and to sustain the price of its items, because it makes good money by selling them.  Just like a minimally competent government will limit the printing of the national currency, in order to prevent excessive devaluation.


The company provides the service that gives game items their value.   Bitcoin holders do not provide any service.  (On the contrary, they hamper adoption of bitcoin as a currency by creating volatility.)
The miners do provide a service, but they have little control on its price.  
One subtle but all-important difference between game items and bitcoins is that the former are used only while being held by a user, while the latter are used only while being passed from user to user.   


Oh, sorry -- I did not notice that the real "Professor Bitcorn" had written a comment too.  I have been conflated with him in the past, and assumed it was the case here.  My apologies.
@_date: 2016-12-30 10:37:09


The original design of bitcoin did allow payment channels.  However, since a payment channel relies on holding and trusting unconfirmed transactions, it is inherently risky.
Channel payments do not have the probabilistic guarantee that the protocol provides for 6-confirmed or even 1-confirmed transactions.  Before the channel is closed, payments received through it can be rendered invalid by a soft fork, or because they have insufficient fees, or by being accidentally lost.  
These risks may be acceptably small for short-lived channels (say, closed after a few hours of being open) but increase with the age of the unconfirmed transaction.  
The "fee market" redesign of the protocol increased that risk substantially, since it made the fees unpredictable,even on a short time scale (less than 1 hour).  But even without the 1 MB block cap, the miners may decide to raise the minimum fee (say, to compensate for a drop in the price, or a reward halving).
Users could rescue such insufficient-fee channel-closing transactions with CPFP, but that fix would place an unexpected burden, delay, and expense on the receiver.
@_date: 2017-08-13 18:32:59
@_date: 2016-11-20 14:59:13




No, Theymos is not just removing "trolls".  He is removing posts that **he** does not want his readers to read, and calling their authors "trolls" because they insist on having their opinions instead of accepting Theymos's. 
Posts like "there is now an opportunity to vote on increasing the **bitcoin** block size limt; if you are a miner, you can vote by downloading BitcoinXT and mining with it."




Gavin pff,  ... only went downhill from there. And he's fully to blame for his Craig debacle.
You Honor, I have no further questions.


Well, then I suppose that you must be applauding the "stress tests" and the week-long backlogs that show the "virtues" of the 1 MB cap and the "fee market" 
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:15:18


All value is ultimately subjective, but that does not mean that it is equally "solid".  
Part of gold's "fundamental" value comes from women -- most of them in India, it seems -- who like to own and wear gold jewelry, and give it as present or dowry.  That demand is entirely based on arbitrary desires, not on any hard need like food or shelter.  Yet that demand is pretty solid, because it is the result of the traditions and cultural values of a billion people -- which are unlikely to change much from one year to the next.
The value of bitcoin, on the other hand, is entirely based on the vague hopes of traders that the market price will be higher at some time in the future.  That hope is very easily inflamed or quashed, as we have seen in the past.


OK, but those people do not provide a service that consumers need to buy bitcoin to use, like the game companies do.  Most people involved with bitcoin, including the miners, have no direct control on the price -- not even the floor price that would come from use as a currency.   Even the speculative traders cannot lift the price just because they want it to rise, because they would need to spend money to do that.
Note that using bitcoin as a currency does not take it out of the market, as happens to game items, but actually puts it back into the market.  Also, the only way for hoarders to recover their investment, even without profit, is to put their coins back into the market.  Thus, even after mining goes to zero, the supply of bitcoins in the market does not go to zero: it will depend on the mood of hoarders, and on the velocity of circulation as currency.
@_date: 2016-12-03 22:33:05


The ETF project is just that: trying to trick a whole class of people to invest in bitcoin by packaging so that it looks like a legitimate investment.  
People who buy bitcoins **may** intend to use them as currency.  People who would buy ETF shares would not be able to do that.  The goal of the ETF is exclusively to sell bitcoins as investment to people who cannot understand the risks, like pensioners and people with no computer expertise.


Indeed I believe that Satoshi's invention was a breakthrough, but it does not quite work. But I would rather not elaborate here.
@_date: 2016-11-30 00:09:58


Printing money lets the government take stuff from the people, by buying it with the printed money.  Obviously the government cannot take more from the people than what people have, whatever means it uses for that.


Joe asks a loan of bitcoins from the bank.  The banks creates an account for Joe, recorded in the bank's databases, and credits 100 bitcoins into it.  
Joe then wants to pay 20 bitcoins to Molly; he sends a wire transfer to her account, and the bank deducts 20 bitcoins from Joe's account and credits them into Alice's.
Molly wants to withdraw 10 of those bitcoins to put in her trezor. The bank deducts 10 bitcoins from her account, and sends 10 bitcoins to her blockchain address.
Only the last 10 bitcoins are "real" virtual coins, recorded in the blockchain.  The other 80 bitcoins in Joes account and 10 bitcoins in Molly's account are "virtual" virtual coins, that exist only in the bank's database.  Just like dollars in bank accounts today are just entries in ledgers, not real dollar bills in the bank's safe.
But why should Joe and Molly care about that?  They can spend the virtual virtual coins just like they spend the real virtual ones.  Bank wires are faster, and, while the bank is in business, are safer than those in the blockchain: the bank will guard against hackers, reverse fraudulent transfers, and absorb any losses by theft or accident.  And, if the worst happens, the bank bitcoins are FDIC insured, while the blockchain bitcoins are not.
@_date: 2016-11-25 21:57:36


I am not relying only on trading volume. Just conside people's euphoria and hyperbole during that month (which did not occur before or after it). 
However, a lot of the trading during Nov/2013 must have been new investors buying bitcoin.  That was not long after OKCoin and Huobi opened in Beijing, and the Chinese amateur commodity speculators discovered bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-20 09:59:32


Wait, those are UPPER limits?  No payment greater than $35?
That is 4294967.296 satoshis.  You can't send fractions of satoshis in a transaction, can you?
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:53:26
Every dollar that someone gained by selling during those peaks came from some other investor who bought at the same time.  Even if those new suckers were able to hold on until the next peak, there are still the suckers who bought at  &gt; 800$.  If they haven't sold yet at a loss, they are only waiting for the next generation of suckers to take the bag from them...
@_date: 2016-12-26 20:07:37
Seems that you are even unable to read the simple sentences that I wrote.  Not even the first line.
@_date: 2016-11-26 00:16:25


They probably counted that they would be rescued by the governments if/when things would go sour.  But that does not mean necessarily by the central banks printing more money.  As in Greece and Italy and other places, the government can bail them out by increasing taxes and cutting public services.  After all, printing more money is just another form of tax.
@_date: 2018-06-30 06:31:49
Last rejection was because there was no regulation or oversight of the markets where BTC was trading, which allowed price manipulations and all sorts of other dirty tricks.  Those dirty tricks would affect also the price of the ETF, rendering vain the regulations and oversight that the SEC imposes on stock exchanges where the ETF would be traded.
The GLD ETF shoudl have been rejected too, since its price is based on the price of gold in the precious metals market; which, like bitcoin, is outside the scope of the SEC.  However, IIUC the SEC considered that the operators of the GLD ETF had established contracts and overseeing mechanisms with the operators of the gold metal market to prevent dirty tricks in the latter.
I don't think that anything substantial changed since then.  
@_date: 2016-12-26 10:00:01
The title is misleading.  The company he acquired is called Huazhenglian. 
NEEQ is the OTC stock exchange where the shares of Huazhenglian happen to be traded.  The article reads as if it was based on a NEEQ press release.
Huazhenglian seems to be a small IT development company  in Shenzen, China.
@_date: 2016-12-04 04:14:24
Bitcoins pay no dividends, and there is no entity bound to redeem them for the invested value plus interest.  The only way to recover money invested in them is by selling them to someone else -- who then must find another investor, and so on.  
So, any money that an investor takes out from that pot is money that another  investor put in; there is no other money going into that pot.  Miners, meanwhile, take money out of the pot (by selling their mined coins to investors) without putting anything in.  
Mathematically, the expected return is negative.
@_date: 2016-11-21 04:33:29


I did not think you were. If you were, you would not talk so enthusiastically about their virtues and achievements. ;-)


It would be a test of what the readers of this sub expect from BS/Core roadmap, especially of the LN.


I already have debated a lot with them, and know what they promised the LN.  
In fact, the 2-layer design would make no sense, if layer 2 wasn't supposed to serve 10^7 to 10^9 users "soon".  That is what "scaling" is all about.


Luke is a BS contractor.  Timon is a BS employee.  Wladimir (wumpus) is employed by the MIT Media Lab's Digital Currency Project, with salary paid by unidentified donors.  BTCDrak does not even program.  
So that leaves Todd and Nicolas of your list.  Ok, let's consider them "experts" to end the argument.


Those or equivalent improvements have nothing to do with the block size issue, and would have happened anyway.   
If the block size limit had been lifted to 8 MB (or 100 MB) in 2014, nothing bad would have happened -- bitcoin would have continued to work as it had worked for the previous 5 years.  
On the other hand, some very bad things DID happen since Jul/2015 because the limit was kept at 1 MB.  Starting with the "stress tests". 


And what does your full node do for the good of bitcoin, exactly?


The patient has gangrene now, but he had an ingrown toenail before, so he was always sick.
Do you really expect people to believe that bitcoin now is better than it was 2 years ago?


Here is how bitcoin worked for the 6 years before those "improvements": you prepared and signed a transaction with minimum fee offline, and connected only long enough to send it to the network (immediately or after a month, it did not matter).  Then you could disconnected from the internet, and be almost certain that it would be confirmed after an expected delay of 10-20 minutes, with exponential distribution.  
After the "improvements": you connect to the internet to consult a fee estimation service, you prepare and sign the transaction with that fee, then -- as quickly as possible, since the estimate is dated -- you send it out to the network.  Then [a] you periodically consult a blockchain browsing service to see whether it got through, and a fee estimation service to see whether the fee needs "topping up". If it does, you issue an RBF (with the extra fee, plus an additional for the RBF itself) and go back to [a].  Variation: if someone says that he paid you with bitcoin, and sends you the txid by email, you do the same, starting from [a]; except that you use CPFP instead of RBF (and pay the extra fee from your pocket).  
And, if you end up paying a lot more than the usual fee and still waiting for a week, just kneel, raise your eyes to Heavens, and shout "Greg Be Praised, For He Knows What is Best For Me!"


You don't understand how a spam attack would work.  Hint: a spam attack that delayed 50% of the legit traffic for 1 week would cost ~16 times more with an 8 MB size limit than with an 1 MB size limit; and the backlog would clear much faster after the attack stopped.


Only transactions that pay more than the attacker is paying go through.  If the attacker pays "normal fees" plus one satoshi, all "normal fee" transactions are delayed until the attack ends and the backlog is cleared.


The price is defined by day-traders, not by users.  When bitcoin shoot from 140 to 1200 in Oct-Nov/2013, and then crashed to 400, it was obviously not tracking usage.
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:12:07
I thought it was for a 1950s horror comics series...
@_date: 2016-11-08 13:09:56
Some basic rules to recognize internet scams:
+ The owners/officers are anonymous --&gt; scam
+ The company does not have a physical address --&gt; scam
+ The company is not legally registtered in some jurisdiction --&gt; scam
+ The company  accepts payments **only** in bitcoin --&gt; scam
There are more, but these will suffice.  These rules may mislabel a legitimate company, but it better to err on the side of caution.  If the company is legitimate, fixing those flaws is their problem.
@_date: 2016-11-26 19:09:29
Indeed no one can demonstrate anything.  
But we have two possible explanations: (1) Satoshi put that cryptic newspaper headline in the Genesis block to state the ideological motivation of the bitcoin project, and (2) he needed to include in the genesis block a headline of the same day that the block was posted, for obvious technical reasons; and that line happened to be the day's headline in one of the 2-3 major newspapers that he would have used for that purpose.
All we can do is decide which explanation is more likely.
@_date: 2016-12-01 10:07:27
So Blockstream is socialist? ;-)
@_date: 2018-06-26 14:31:42
How do ou compute the probability?  You don't know the current channel states, do you?  
Consider the claim "(1) At any given moment, most channels that you might want to use do not have enough remaining capacity in the direction you would need".  Can you disprove this claim?
Consider also the claim "(2) At any given time, half of the nodes that you might want to use are offline or unwilling to route your payment."  Ditto.
@_date: 2016-12-16 13:44:05


On the contrary, the factors driving hub cebtralization will be much stronger than those driving miner centralization.  
For one thing, users will have to lock some of their bitcoins into each channel that they open.  If Alice opens 4 channels, each funded with 5 BTC, she must lock 20 BTC of her own, but cannot make any payment larger than 5 BTC; and she cannot transfer funding coins from one channel to another, without closing and re-opening both.
The routing problem still has no working solution for any distributed topology.
The only topology that could be technically and economically viable is one big hub, and all users having just one channel to that hub.  Even then, there is the question of who will provide the coins to fund the channels in the hub-to-client direction.
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:42:11


That won't do: the watcher is supposed to protect you from those same guys.
@_date: 2018-06-26 15:13:50


I don't see how you can do secure swap with an *unconfirmed* transaction (the LN payment)


The (hypthetical) rebalancing services were introduced because people finally realized that LN payments will be all but balanced.  Why should one assume that the rebalancing payments will themselves be balanced?
It may well turn out that merchants will use rebalancing 10 times more heavily than employers.  Then the rebalancing nodes will quickly run out of capacity in their incoming channels, and also of actual coins in their on-chain wallets.  
Rebalancers will have to send "actual" (onchain) coins in exchange for "virtual" (LN) coins, whiche they cannot cash in for a long time.  That is a risk, and they will want to charge a significant fee for it. 


The LND is missing some essential parts (like a scalable path finder and the Watchers) that no one knows how to implement.  Therefore, it is not "beta", nor "alpha", not even a "prototype" or "proof of concept".  It is technically a "toy implementation"; and one that lacks any monitoring taps that could let the developers check whether it is working.   It gives no confidence that the LN, as initially promised, can develop and will work.  Quite the opposite...
@_date: 2016-11-28 08:58:18


Please explain how that would work, exactly.  Do you mean that I can only play copy  of that digital file if I have the private key to it? And somehow I cannot record it as it is being played? And that I cannot sell the private listening key to 1000 people for $10 each, before using it as collateral for a loan? 


Just to get things straight: not "near zero".  Interest does not just pay for risk, but for the time that you get to use that money, while the lender cannot.  Even loans that are 99.99% certain to be repaid have a sizable interest.  Compound, usually.


The world does not use pawn shops.  Only a tiny fraction of mankind uses them, and these unfortunate people often run out of valuable things to use as collateral.  As they would in the Wonderful World of Blockchain.
@_date: 2016-12-20 03:25:23


Can you see the difference between
1. Most illegal payments use dollars.
2. Most dollar payments are illegal.
3. Most illegal payments use bitcoin.
4. Most bitcoin payments are illegal


There are no definite statistics, but some figures do exist; you will find some listed [here](
@_date: 2016-11-20 19:14:26


Tha is exactly what censorship is about: making sure that readers will not read things that the boss does not approve of.


Calling BitcoinXT and BitcoinClassic "scams" is a flat out lie.  On top of censorship.
A "scam" would be, for example, getting people to invest in Blockstream by claiming that Sidechains/Lightning are just around the corner and will compete with PayPal and Visa.  Or getting miners to support Core by assuring them that the "fee market" will push transaction fees high enough to make up for the halving losses.   But those are just hypothetical examples, right?


XT did not claim to be a better coin than bitcoin.  It claimed that raising the block size limit was the way to keep bitcoin working, and that letting the network run into saturation was a stupid mistake.  
It is Greg who convinced himself, in 2013 or so, that Satoshi's design for bitcoin (with unlimited blocks)  was bad, and that he had a better design -- with tight block size limit set by the developers, and users competing in a blind auction for block space.  
If Greg was honest, he should have created GregCoin with that design, and convince people that it was better than Satoshi's bitcoin,  But he could not wait 7 years; and he knew that users would never choose his coin over Satoshi's bitcoin.  So, thanks to a few generous investors, he proceeded to take control of bitcoin development, and turn it into GregCoin...


I can read charts and user complaints myself, thank you.
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:51:44
[You should update that link](
@_date: 2016-11-29 01:36:16


That is not investing in currency, but investing in (essentially) bank-issued bonds (in the form of a savings account).  Bonds can be a good investment, precisely because they provide a profit.  (The profit usually comes from the bank investing your money in enterprises that ultimately create new wealth.)
@_date: 2016-12-22 11:49:55


Not me.  Fractional satoshi accounting, as Rusty proposes to implement, is not necessary unless 1 satoshi is a significant amount.  If 1 satoshi is worth 0.1 US cent or less, no one would mind if all payments and fees are rounded to whole satoshis. (Just as no one minds when dollar amounts are rounded to whole cents in ordinary commerce and finance.)


Yes, it is provably fair, as I wrote, but in a probabilistic sense.  With a million users, there will be some rather unlucky ones.


Fractional limits and fractional fees with fair probabilistic rounding is more complicated than just rounding limits and fees to the nearest integer multiple of 1 satoshi.


Micropayments was not a goal of bitcoin, and, as I explained, has been a solution in search of a problem.  Making it a goal of the LN will only make it even more of a pipedream.


LN transactions will be more expensive than centralized solutions like changetip or 21inc.  
Around 1990 or so, in the lab I worked there was a group of very competent people who started a micropayment project called Millicent, using crypto signatures and state-of-the-art distributed tricks.  The name was a play on the personal name and 1/1000 of a US cent.  IIRC, they even used the name "wallet" for the files with the credits.  (By "competent" I mean Satoshi-level and higher, not Core-level.  Just to give an idea, one of the guys got to the front page of the NY Times for factoring F10 with the first distributed computing network, that used idle time of volunteer workstations and PCs around the world.) 
But the project never found a convincing application, and was abandoned after a while.


You say that you looked at the code.  How many messages will have to be exchanged to find a path and execute an LN payment with 3-4 hops?  (If the network has a million nodes and 6 randomly chosen channels per node on average, the typical path between two nodes will have 7-8 hops.) 
Why would that be more efficient than a solution with a central site and a ledger stored as a traditional database?
Bitcoin micropayments will be reasonably efficient only with a direct **unidirectional** payment channel between sender and receiver.  But that is not the LN.  Even that would be usually impractical due to the high cost and delay of the channel setup and closure, plus the need to lock in advance more coins than are likely to be paid, plus the extra risks (like the micropayment "checks" having insufficient bitcoin transaction fees)...
Speaking of which: even in that simplest situation, every "check" sent through the channel must include a reasonable bitcoin transaction fee, which is now around 0.20 USD or more.  So that micropayment method would start to make sense only after the total micropayments sent add to more than 1 USD or so. 


If there was a market, it would have been found in the last 30 years...


If they could build an LN that is viable for payments above $20, it would be already quite an achievement.  Lowering the threshold should be left for future improvements.
@_date: 2016-11-20 00:52:04


When governments censor criticisms and other topics that they don't like, the critics can move to other countries too.  But that still is censorship.
used to be the forum for general discussions on bitcoin, where all views were debated.   But then Theymos decided that "bitcoin" was only Greg's view of it, and any other view of bitcoin was "not bitcoin", and any attempt to displace Core from control was an "attack on bitcoin".  Just like the government that proclaims that they are the only true protectors of the nation, so any message that proposes their removal from power is an attack on the nation.  
Valiant try, but no: that is definitely censorship.


Censorship usually just blocks the "unpatriotic" messages from being read of heard by the people, like Theymos does.   Persistent critics are specifically silenced or exiled, like Theymos does.  Severe punishments are applied only when  the critics try to do more than just speak, like forming an opposition party.  Like the character assassinations of Mike and Gavin, and the DDoS attacks on nodes that tried to run XT or Classic.  
(And I myself have been attacked by small-blockians, with more than just bans and downvotes.)


I have unsubscribed from and usually avoid posting here.  But I was suspended for 90 days from a year or two ago, when small-blockian extraordinaire BTCDrak managed to become moderator there, and convinced Roger to let him implement "troll cleanup" in his sub.  (The ban was undone after BTCDrak was kicked out.)  
And anything that I post here, whatever the topic, is imediately downvoted to oblivion.
@_date: 2016-12-18 20:22:40
Paging me?  Well, that is what happens in all ponzis.  People sell their mother and buy in, just because the price is going up.  No one wants to know *why* it is going up.
@_date: 2016-12-01 09:45:12
Miners can start mining block N+1 once they have got the hash of block N; but they cannot put any transactions into it until they have received and analyzed the full contents of block N.  Sometimes they are lucky, and solve block N+1 right away, while it is still empty.
AFAIK, the transmission of the block contents has been optimized recently, so empty blocks should be less common now than they were a year or two ago.
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:39:09
I stand corrected: they claim to have reported the theft to the FBI.  Bitfinex can still sen a rebuttal to the SEC clarifying that point.
@_date: 2016-11-20 09:45:40
Sounds right...
@_date: 2017-01-14 20:02:12


Why?  The volatility of bitcon is a major flaw, that renders it unsuitable for legal payments, accounting, etc.  A coin that fixed the volatility problem (e.g. by having a demurrage tax that discourages hoarding) would have a tremendous advantage over bitcoin.  And if it also does not require downloading 5 TB of blockchain...
That brings up an important point: bitcoin is valuable to hoarders because they expect the shoppers (people who use it as currency for payments) to grow to hundreds of millions in some unspecified future, and use it to move billions of payments per day.  But the best currency for shoppers may be -- indeed, almost certainly will be -- one that gets rid of the holders.


That is again a holders way of thinking.  The shoppers don't care if the coin will be superseded next year.  Each shopper will lose a bit as the old tokens lose value while he is holding them, but if he spends or sell them within a week (say) he will see the loss as part of the fee for the service of sending the payment.  But the holders of the old coin will, get back less than they invested.


The digital payment system that supersedes bitcoin may be centralized and censored.  Why not?
The success of bitcoin as investment cannot depend only on its illegal uses.  Those will be cut off eventually.  If governments cannot stop ransomware by going after the hackers, they will criminalize bitcoin (and any crypto that they cannot trace and seize).
@_date: 2016-12-20 12:28:23
Cute... but such "probabilistic" payments are viable only if the value of a satoshi is small enough that the max loss due to rounding (usually half a satoshi) is acceptable, but the value itself is still large enough to matter (and be worth the trouble of using that method).  
@_date: 2016-12-22 23:47:50


Yes, I saw that after I wrote my comment.  Did you see me [asking why then is he having fractional satoshi parameters at all in the code](
@_date: 2016-11-26 02:44:23


Those two would already be enough.  But I have given more reasons in that letter.


Because it cannot become a widely used currency, hece it will not have a stable price.  Countries will not exchange dollars and euros for virtual tokens whose value is defined by the mood of amateur day traders in China.


Printing money is an unwise but convenient type of tax.  If governments could not print money, they would use other taxes to fund wars.
But bitcoin cannot prevent the states from printing "bitcoin vouchers" and getting them accepted by the people as if they were "real" bitcoins.  
Fact is that 99% of the population does not care how the money is made, as long as it works as money is supposed to do.  And dollars have been working very well for over 200 years.


That pre-medieval bank will lose to the post-medieval bank that lends twice the bicoins that it actually has and charges 3% for loans.   And whose client deposits are insured by the FDIC in the event of a bank run.
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:10:24


A free market provides the cheapest possible price for a commodity or service (unless there are government subsidies).  


I explained why it would not be.  The risk of a default in a payroll loan is the same, with smart contracts or with tradiitional contracts: it is the risk that there will be no next salary.  


Well, because I don't see it.  All the good things that it is supposed to provide are extremely optimistic and biased dreams, that ignore all the obstacles -- and often also the very nature of the problem that they intend to solve.  That is the case with internet payments, remittances, voting, banking, investing, saving, ...
@_date: 2016-11-26 09:47:10


Gold has a floor value defined by industrial and decorative demand.  Bitcoin does not have such demand.  The only floor value it might have, not set by the fancy of speculators, would be defined by its use as currency.  It cannot serve as a store of value, if there is nothing to give it a value.


Like bitcoin trading in China, that volume is mostly the same currency amounts being traded back and forth hundreds of times per second.  It is not an economically significant number.


See [this article]( (one of the few articles ever written about the bitcoin economy where the author actually had some concrete information about the subject). 
There is little question that the price of bitcoin is still determined mostly by the day-traders (more properly called "gamblers") in the Chinese exchanges.  [Comparison of prices among exchanges]( shows clearly that BTC-China pulled the Mar/2013 rally, and the major Chinese exchanges (not MtGOX) pulled the Nov/2013 one.


What can be more virtual than bitcoins? At least dollars and euros are backed by powerful states that are interested in sustaining their value.
By the way, what do you mean by "world's reserve currency"?  Are you taking that to mean just "store of value used by people around the world"?  I don't think it means that...


There is no need for a brutal totalitarian state.  That is happening RIGHT NOW all over the world.  
The US government does not  violently force people to use virtual gold (dollars) and virtual dollars (bank credit), instead of cash or gold, for their payments,  Consumers, merchants choose to use them, because it is a lot more convenient. 


OK, maybe it is 99.9% or 99.98% of the propulation.  I don't know what is your environment, but how often have you seen people in the US refuse dollars and demand to be paid in gold or bitcoins?  As for me, never.


Indeed, only fools and criminals -- and bitcoiners, it seems -- think it is a good idea to "invest" in currencies.   
That is not the purpose of currencies; and they generally have some inflation, specifically to discourage people from hoarding them. 


You want something that will have the same value 20 years from now that it has now, even if the world economy collapses?  I am afraid that such thing does not exist, and does not even make sense.  The best you can do is buy real estate, or metals like aluminum and copper that require a large amount of energy to make.  Or other material things like that.  
I really cannot understand how someone could think of bitcoin as a store of value, given its price history and all its technical and economic flaws.


Banks are supposed to be strictly regulated and closely monitored by financial authorities.  Of course these are often bribed, lazy, or incompetent


Your pre-medieval bank is no more fail-proof than my post-medieval one.  Banks do not fail by lending more money than they received, but usually by lending money to people or companies who cannot pay it back.
@_date: 2016-12-04 05:02:14


Of course they aren't!  But the Winkles want people to think that they are.


Gold has a floor value determined by its demand for end-uses like jewelry and industry.  Until 20 years ago, it was a zero-profit but low-risk investment that could be used as a possible safety hedge in case there was some general failure of stocks and bonds (debatable, but...)   
However, since 2002 or so, the price of gold has been inflated by speculative investment, where people buy it on the expectation of profit by selling it to others for a higher price.  
That turned gold into largely a ponzi scheme.  Those who sold in 2011, when the price reached 1800 USD/oz, made lots of money -- at the expense of those suckers who bought at the time.  These will only get their money back if and when the price goes back to those levels.  And then they will only pass on their loss to some other suckers...
Buying one ounce of gold today at 1200 USD is investing maybe 300 USD into a non-productive asset, and putting the other 900 USD into a ponzi.  Not a sensible thing.  But, like bitcoin, those who are holding the gold bag must desperately find new "investors"; and that is how the gold peddlers like ZeroHedge, Max Kayser, and company earn their daily bread.  And Antonopoulos and company.
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:16:28
Lies are "it was created to get rid of banks", "to evade law enforcement", "to replace national currencies", "to make investors rich", etc.
@_date: 2018-06-26 18:00:40
The problem is not finding the path, but negotiating the payment with the intermediate nodes (via onion, note) for each micropayment.  
And the there is the need to notify the Watcher after each micropayment received.  One may argue that, since the risk is small, one can just skip that step when doing micropayments, and trust the other party.  But, by the same argument, one could use dollars and a traditonal centralized service (like PayPal) instead.
@_date: 2016-11-25 17:29:43


They quite surely have not reported the theft to US authorities.  They said that "the theft **is being** reported to—and we are co-operating with—law enforcement", which may be Hong Kong.  That is standard weasel wording for "we have not reported yet but we could perhaps do".   I will keep my reading, until there is evidence that they actually did report the incident to the police, and the police is indeed investigating what happened.
@_date: 2016-12-20 11:46:13
But the payments are regular bitcoin transactions, only not broadcast.  How does one pay half a satoshi through a payment channel?  How does an intermediate node charge and collect 0.1 satoshi of fee?
@_date: 2018-06-27 00:02:11


Lightning payments are exchanged instantly, but do not confirm on the blockchain until the channel is closed.  There is no record of them anywhere except in the private wallets of the two parties.




I mean: what if the channels to the rebalancing server itself get all saturated in one direction?  This obviously will happen all the time to ordinary nodes, and that  is why people invented rebalancing servers.  For the same reason, we can expect that those servers will often get saturated too.


The rebalancing node would have to receive 1 BTC through the LN, and send back 1 BTC on-chain (or vice-versa)  It cannot use the same coins, because one is on the blockchain, the other is in the LN; and the latter cannot be used on-chain until the channel is closed.


But that is very slow (one hour or more if there is no congestion).  The LN was  meant to be "lightning fast"; it cannot wait for rebalancings or opening of new channels, even if that happens only on 1% of the transactions.


If it watches over the node's own channels, that is just what the node was supposed to do anyway.  A watcher service is a third party Carol that watches over fraudulent closures of  the channel from Alice to Bob.  It is needed to make bidirectional channels moderately secure.  How will that work, exactly?


[No, it is not.]( 
@_date: 2016-12-22 12:14:45
I don't get it. Why do you think that Satoshi was "the most vocal detractor" and had "an unnatural hatred of Bitcoin"?  It dies not make sense.
@_date: 2016-12-11 22:12:46
oh.  well, i was serious...
@_date: 2016-12-19 00:48:22
Well, *why* is the price going up?
@_date: 2016-12-22 04:59:32


If 1 satoshi &gt;= 1 USD, a user will not be happy about paying 1 satoshi after using a couple of times a service that is supposed to cost 0.01 satoshi each time.  Reciprocally, a service provider will not be happy to see a user pay nothing after using 2-3 satoshis worth of his service.  No use explaining to them that they will provably end up paying or receiving close to the fair total amount once they have used the LN for fractional satosi payments a couple hundred times.
If the LN has a million users, there will be surely some users who will be robbed out of many satoshis by probabilistic rounding.  Those will naturally feel more stongly, and get more publicity, than those who got several satoshis of windfall, and all those who got out fairly even.
Anyway, it seems a pointless complication to implement fractional satoshi payments in a toy demo for a couple thousand mock users and $40 max payments, that will not even have a realistic routing.  They shoul postpone  adding that feature to a later time, when the price reaches 1'000'000 USD/BTC.
It is worth reminding that micropayments have been a solution in search of a problem for decades.  They are much easier and economical to implement with centralized payment systems than with bitcoin; and yet I am not aware of  any significant and successful micro-paid services.  
There are explanations for this failure, which include the time cost of deciding whether to buy a service in the frist place, and the fact that the value of most services cannot be broken down in separate "microservices".  A service that charges in installments of 0.001 USD may make as much sense as a coffee shop that serves its espresso in 0.1 milliliter cups...
@_date: 2016-11-19 10:57:46
Yes, unfortunately, soon you will be left without a single sample of the 6,999,700,000 people who don't care about bitcoin -- not even enough to try to understand *why* it has failed.
@_date: 2016-12-31 00:27:43
The charts speak for themselves...
@_date: 2016-12-26 09:40:51
[Their site]( says that they provide higher-level software that is agnostic about the underlying ledger technology.  Check the "platform" page.  However their FAQ says that the bitcoin blockchain (and permissionless ledgers in general) is not adequate for the applications that they serve, and that tpermissioned ledgers are better.  They seem to be quite partial to Hyperledger.
@_date: 2017-01-22 19:29:22
Banks have extensive auditing and authorization mechanisms to protect themselves against theft and fraud by their staff.   But they are not so effective at preventing the bank itself from doing billion-dollar fraud...
@_date: 2018-06-26 14:37:19


That would require him sending $100 to someone else through the LN.  Why would he do that?
If that someone else is a "bank" or another node of his own, the problem is just pushed over to that node (with more coins locked up).
@_date: 2016-11-20 08:22:14
Power is energy divided by time, and is measured in watts.  One watt (1 W) is one joule per second (1 J/s).
Energy is properly measured in joules,  One joule (1 J) is the energy consumed (or produced) in one second by something that consumes (or produces) one watt or power.   
However  for electric energy it is customary to measure energy in watts times hours, called watt-hours.  One watt-hour (1 Wh) is the energy consumed in 1 hour by something that consumes 1 watt of power.  That is, 1 Wh is the same as 3600 joules.  
Note that it is 1 watt TIMES 1 hour  (hence watt-hour, Wh) not 1 watt DIVIDED by 1 hour (which would be watt per hour,  W/h),  The latter woud be 1/3600 of one joule per second squared (1 J/s^2); which could be the right unit for certain purposes, but not any common ones.
@_date: 2016-12-01 22:28:15
1. It is not Deutsche Börse but a new company (Switex) where the Börse has a minority stake.
2. The virtual game iterm will not be traded in the "German NYSE", but in a new exchange created by Switex -- like bitcoin has been traded since mid-2010.  I have not objected to bitcoin exchanges in general. (But of course I laugh at people who trust their money to them.)
3. The new exchange will not be a **stock** exchange.  Virtual game items (and bitcoins) are not "stocks".  The SEC cares about stocks, and the COIN ETF proposal is an attempt to trick unsuspecting investors into thinking that bitcoin "is just like stocks" (as many here unfortunately claim).
4. Virtual game items are backed by the game companies, that accept them in exchange of specific services (their use in the games).  That is what gives them an intrinsic value, that provides a floor and a reference for its market price.   Bitcoin does not have any backing company, and therefore no floor or reference for its market price.
5. "Professor Bitcorn" is Prof. Mark T. Willams, who, having properly estimated the BTC value as about 10 USD/BTC from its use as currency, predicted in 2014 that its market price would soon drop to that level.  I am not Prof. Williams, and I would never dare to predict when the bitcoin believers will realize the bitter truth.
@_date: 2016-11-27 06:18:47


Of course not. What you need is more suckers buying bitcoins, so that you can sell yours at a profit.  But the nerds are getting smart and are not buying bicoin as they once did.  That is why you need the bitcoin ETF: it would trick pensioners and other people who cannot understand the risks into thinking that COIN is a respectable investment, "approved by the SEC".  
You just want to take their money.  Then they will be free to discover the price at the bottom of the next  crash, and enjoy their loss knowing that it has made it possible for you to act in your best interests. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 03:25:59
I am still trying to understand exacly what are those "affiliate programs".  Smell of spam advertising, or other ways of making people's lives worse?
@_date: 2016-11-30 01:50:34
Others than myself.
@_date: 2016-11-25 21:52:36


Well, sorry, but bitcoin cannot become a widely used currency, much less a world reserve currency.  
And, even if it were to become it, I don't see why it would make the world a more just place or whatever.  
It would certainly not get rid of banks, or prevent them from creating doubly-virtual bitcoins (just as the gold standard did not prevent banks from creating virtual dollars).
@_date: 2016-12-01 21:54:40


Just because my opinions are different from yours, it does not mean that they are errors.  (That is the assumption behind censorship, and unfortunately seems to be an axiom in this sub.) 


I was talking about bitcoin specifically, and pointed out that the example of gold does not apply because gold has has a definite floor value because of its industrial and decorative demand, etc. -- whereas the ONLY thing that could give bitcoin a definite value is its use as a currency.   Without such use, no one could tell how much a bicoin should be worth.


It is not the huge daily FOREX trading volumes that set the value of the yuan or euro against the dollar.  FOREX speculators exploit exchange rate variations, they do not create them.  Whereas the price of bitcoin is indeed set largely by speculators, as the price charts clearly show.  
And indeed there is good evidence that the 2013 rallies were created by amateur commodity traders in Cnina. Since the Chinese exchanges continue to have more than 95% of the speculative trading volume in the world, it is a good bet that Chinese traders continue to be the main support for the proce today.


Oh, OK.  So by "reserve currency" you mean just what is usually called "good store of value", and understood to be an investment that retains its value for many years.  Is that right?
My objection still applies: bitcoin cannot be a good store of value, because it has nothing to give it a definite value.  Its price is entirely dependent on the mood of speculative traders.


That is what "virtual" means: the opposite of "real".


No, the US government does not force people to use dollars instead of gold (or bank wires instead of cash).  Please read beyond the header of that Wikipedia article.  (If your libertarian catechism was printed in 1935, you should get a newer edition.)
If you offer to pay for your coffee with gold at Starbucks, the cashier will not call the police.  She will just say "sorry we don't accept gold" (and maybe call the lunatic asylum).
And the government never forced people to use virtual bank dollars (wires, credit cards, etc) instead of real dollars (hard cash).  Guess why people use them anyway.
@_date: 2016-12-31 14:22:13


A 6-confirmed transaction is practically safe from reversal and any other incident, including complete hardware loss.  The only risk is the receiver losing knowledge of his private key.]
An unconfirmed transaction has many other risks, that can prevent it from being confirmed.   The point of my original post is that the risk increases, the longer the transaction is kept without being broadcast.  The risk small for payment channels that are meant to be open for a few hours or days,  but it becomes more significant for channels that are meant to be open for months or years, as the LN concept calls for.  And it is made worse by the "fee market", and by soft forks.


By definition, *every* soft fork is a change in the rules that invalidates certain blocks and transactions that were valid by the previous rules.  
Maybe it will not invalidate that unconfirmed transaction  that you have been saving for six months; but maybe it will.


Until mid-2015, you could guess a fee and be quite sure that it would be enough to result in your transaction being confirmed in the next 1-3 blocks.  
After that, when the demand hit its head on the 1 MB ceiling, that is no longer possible.  Now, you have to guess a fee that is high enough to get you into the top 1 MB of the queue.  If a backlog happens to be growing, and your guess was not high enough compared to other people's guesses, your transaction will remain stuck in the queue until the backlog clears.  
If the backlog takes more than 3 days to clear, your transaction is likely to be dropped on the floor.  It is your problem to detect if that happens and re-submit it, either with a higher fee, or waiting until the backlog subsides.  Which, in Greg's plan, should never happen -- he explicitly assumed a permanent backlog.


Every soft fork is not backwards-compatible, by definition.  SegWit goes to a great length to avoid invalidating "reasonable" transactions that people may have in their closet drawers, or which may be issued around the time the change is activated.  But it is possible to write transactions that are perfectly valid now but will become invalid after SegWit is activated.


Confirmed transactions are stored in the blockchain, so payments that you received through them are safe even if your wallet is completely lost.  As long as you have the private key of your receiving addresses, you can rebuild your wallet from the blockchain, and spend those coins.
Transactions sent through a payment channel are stored only in the computers of the two parties.  If your computer is wiped out, and the other party is not cooperating, you will lose all the payments that you received from him through the channel -- even if you still have the private key to their output address.


Technically they work, but they are nowhere as safe as on-chain transactions.  Practically, they have so many inconvenients that I doubt that they will see significant use.  And that even without going into the bidirectional channels and the Watcher services... 
@_date: 2016-12-19 16:01:06
Trying to understand the "butt hurt"
@_date: 2016-12-03 17:23:54
Nash was not an idiot, but he was a mathematician.   Why shouldn't we ignore him?
@_date: 2016-12-22 12:27:50
OK. So why the fracional parameters?
@_date: 2016-12-31 00:48:34


RBF requires cooperation of both parties.  Closing the channel with the final balance must be possible by one party alone.
You must be thinking of CPFP, that would let the receiver "pull" the stuck transaction out by spending its output with another high-fee transaction.  But, as I wrote, that forces the receiver to pay the extra fee, which sender may have been supposed to pay.
Anyway, RBF and CPFP are not rules, but just mempool management policies that the miners may implement or not. 
Both RBF and CPFP will be ineffective if the unconfirmed transaction became invalid due to a soft fork. 
@_date: 2016-11-14 13:59:34
Because bitcoin became a ponzi and the currency of drug traffickers and pedophiles a couple of months after MtGOX opened, in mid-2010.  
MtGOX let bitcoiners use the currency for speculative trading, instead of payments, making it into a ponzi.   MtGOX also made bitcoin a viable option for drug dealers, because most of their clients could not otherwise get enough coins for their needs by mining or p2p trading.  And the drug traffic use helped boost the price, driving more people into the ponzi.
Satoshi, who was a smart fellow, must have seen where that would end.  He left the scene suddenly and permanently in late December 2010 -- two months after the price started to rise in MtGOX (from 0.01 to 0.04 USD).  At that time, drug dealers had already started discussing bitcoin in their forums, and Ross was already at work creating Silk Road.
@_date: 2016-11-25 21:48:08
Again: it very likely that many more people bought bitcoin during that month, in the euphoria of a price that seemed to go to the moon, than in all the previous 4 years.  After the price crashed, it is not likely that many more did.
And you cannot say that you made a profit buying bitcoins, until you sell or spend them.  
Even if you sell and make a profit, you are only passing the bag to someone else.   In order to exit without loss, the current bitcoin holders need to find other people willing to "invest" between half a billion and 15 billion dollars in bitcoin.  And of course those new investors would have to find more investors to get out even, in turn.  And so on forever...
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:47:09


First, you get those conclusions  only because the price has risen in recent months.  If you had done the same analysis 18 months ago, the conclusion would have been quite different. 
Look at the price chart: how can you honestly say that the price is certain to continue to increase?
Second, you assume a particular investment schedule, with regular buying and no selling.  But many people cannot afford to hold until the price is good for selling.  The most damaging losses fell on people who invested all their could during rallies, when the Antonopouloses were promising a golden moon, and then had to sell after the crash for living expenses.  
Do you deny that such people existed?  How many were they?  (Recall that every dollar of profit that one may make from trading bitcoin must come from the loss of some other bitcoin investor or user.)
Third, those are *paper* profits.  They will not be real profits until one sells.  But implicit in that analysis is that one should never sell -- instead, hold tight until the last block gets mined and the price goes down to zero...
@_date: 2016-11-26 01:23:30


... is that gold has industrial and decorative that provide a floor price, it cannot be manufactured at will, and there is nothing that can replace it.  Whereas bitcoins are just useless lumps of nothing with nothing to provide a floor price, they can be manufactured at will by a small change in the code, and there is an infinity of altcoins that are just like it or better, and could replace it in a short time.
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:09:58


There was nothing special on that day.
Read again that headline, and consider what relation it could have to bitcoin.  
The banks were not "on the brink" of being bailed out because there was something wrong with them being trusted third parties in payments.  It was not because dollars and euros were inflationary currencies.  It was not because payments were being reversed.  It was not because people had no way to pay for dark market purchases...
The banks were being bailed out because they had made huge amounts of bad loans: they had lent a lot of money to people who could not possibly pay it back, with collaterals that were not worth a fraction of the loaned amounts.  
Bitcoin will not do anything to prevent that from happening again.  Satoshi never wrote anything suggesting that bitcoin was somehow going to make banks (Visa, PayPAl, etc.) unnecessary.  And he never mentioned bitcoin replacing the national currencies...
@_date: 2016-12-22 04:29:46


Other than those two letters to the SEC, I wrote once to Wikipedia lamenting their decision to accept bitcoin donations.  I suppose that Wikipedia can be considered a "world government".


There is no need to ban bitcoin, Greg has already made sure that its usage does not grow any further.  My worry are more conventional scams based on bitcoin, like the MMM ponzi and bitcoin investment funds.  The latter are trying to get the money of millions of people who are not so dumb as to invest in raw bitcoin, by wrapping those crocks of nothing in the same golden glitter paper as real stocks.


I do regret wasting lots of time trying to understand the protocol and other technical kludges around it (sidechains, SegWit, LN, ...).  And also watching talks by Andreas and other pundits.
But the drama has been more than worth it.  As Mark Twain once wrote, the main difference between reality and fiction is that fiction must be believable.  No writer of fiction could make up things like MtGox, Silk Road, Bitfinex, Butterfly Labs, Neo&amp;Bee, Shapeshift, Cryptsy, PayCoin, TheDAO, the block size war, and dozens more...
@_date: 2016-12-20 12:06:14
In the proposal, intermediate nodes in a multihop payment will charge only a percentage of the payment's value V.  That does not make economic sense.  There will be some minimum cost to render that service for each payment.  So, the middlemen will either impose a minimum payment, or a minimum fee, or charge by a formula A + b x V, like most financial services do. 
Ditto for the Watcher service.  
By the way, a Watcher must be sent a new trap transaction for every payment made through the channel, isn't that so?
@_date: 2016-12-31 12:28:11


Alice can close the channel unilaterally because she already has a transaction signed by both her and Bob.  If that transaction gets stuck because of insufficient fees, an RBF would have to be signed by both parties, like the original transaction.  So Alice cannot issue the RBF unilaterally.
@_date: 2016-11-19 10:55:26
I don't have much love for Roger (and vice-versa).  I post serious stuff in because I cannot accept Theymos's censorship (and because my posts here get downvoted to oblivion even when I post perfectly true and helpful blocksize-neutral facts).  And because the small-blockian vision for bitcoin is *technically* stupid.
@_date: 2016-12-01 03:22:57


So bailouts of banks and Wall Street finaciers is "socialism"?  Wow.  I  read somewhere that libertarians were at the far right end of the political spectrum, but did not think it was THAT far. ;-)
@_date: 2016-11-26 03:01:54
Sorry.  Having made that mistake, I don't want to risk making the opposite mistake by trusting that line in their blog.  A rebuttal by Bitfinex will be much more convincing, since they can provide the SEC with the FBI filing number and contact agent.
@_date: 2016-12-04 09:32:39


That view is a leftover from 30 years ago, and was fringe even then.  Reality has changed.
Gold stopped being money well before it was abandoned as a monetary standard.  No one has been using it as a currency for many decades.    
Today gold is just a commodity metal like any other.  The only difference is that, for the last 15 years, a huge ponzi was built on top of that metal (like telexFree was an MLM on top of some lousy phone cards) and now there is a big marketing effort to convince Joe Plumber to put his savings into that ponzi (like there was for TelexFree).
@_date: 2016-12-03 09:21:40


He could instead plant a backdoor in the firmware and trick the officers into signing it.  (This is probably more easily done by a malicious insider, as in the Shapeshift heist, than by an external hacker.)


A compromised firmware could also generate private keys that look random but that the hacker can easily guess.  Say, if the keys are chosen from an universe of 1 billion keys, instead of 2^160 , the hacker can precompute all those key/address pairs, and sweep any of those addresses at the right moment.  Yet the risk of a key collision (which would alert the maintainers) would be negligible.
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:27:04
OK, I stand corrected.  Bitfinex can still send a rebuttal to the SEC clarifying that point.
@_date: 2018-06-26 15:36:38


Well, you started by assuming the channel state is 50-50.  So the burden should be on you...


If the path has two or more hops, uneven splitting will decrease the expected path capacity, compared to even splits.   If the remaining capacity of one hop is 75 instead of 50, but the other is 25 instead of 50, the path's capacity is 25, not 50 or 75.  


I do expect most channels to be saturated or nearly saturated  in one direction, most of the time.   
If there were no channel capacities, the net flow of payments from Alice to Bob (of from Starbucks to Walmart) will not be zero, even if averaged over several months.  Thus channels are likely to drift towards one end of their range.
Even if and when rebalancing services come into existence, many nodes will postpone their use until they need to do one more payment and find that their channels are exhausted.  
A node who is willing to serve as an intermediary may think he does not need rebalancing yet because he has some outgoing capacity left on some channels, and some incoming capacity left in other channels.  However, when Alice tries to send to Bob through that node, she may need to use those channels in the opposite direction, where they have no capacity left. 
@_date: 2016-12-04 03:37:45
Bitcoin is not investment, it is a negative-sum money shuffling scheme: a gambling game (if buyers are aware of that) or a ponzi (if buyers aren't). 
TelexFree and Madoff's fund too were highly lucrative for a few lucky guys, disastrous for many more; and the profits of the former came entirely from the losses of the latter. 
And 2016 is not over yet. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 01:33:38


You did not bother to understand what I wrote. Sigh.


You should apply for a job as security consultant at Bitfinex.


And unfortunately I do have some students like you.
@_date: 2016-12-26 14:19:21
What do you mean by "blue chip"?
@_date: 2016-12-31 22:43:59


Yes, you can make transactions that use the NOP that is going to be redefined by SegWit.  Until SegWit is activated, that opcode does nothing, and it can be used safely.  After SegWit is activated, it will mean "check the signature in the extension part of the record, and reject the transaction if there is no extension or the signature doesn't match".  
The SegWit forkers expect that no one will use those NOP codes, since they do nothing.  But it is not illegal to use them.  (If it was illegal, SegWit would require a hard fork.)


Except that Core removed the alert feature out of fear that "former developers" (read: Gavin) could use them to announce a succesful 75% vote for a hard fork.   So now there is no way to give "ample warning" to users.
Moreover, the only reason why SegWit is so complicated is to make it possible to deploy it in "stealth mode", without telling all users to upgrade.


I have seen what they did in the "Fork of July", thank you.


Yes, because the minimum fee hardly changed over the years; and that fee would have been sufficient to ensure confirmation as soon as possible -- namely 1--3 blocks, depending on transaction propagation delays and miner nimbleness.  
That's because, from January 2009 to June 2015, the block size was effectively unlimited.


That is just a wish.  The fact is that the fee to get into the next 1-3 blocks is unpredictable because it depends on how many other transactions WILL be issued in the next 10 minutes, and what fees will they pay.  Both logic and facts should tell you that.


You mean: Starbucks should not mind paying $1 fee to the miners to collect my $3 payment, because if I had bought more than one coffee through them, using bitcoin, **I** would have had to pay many $1 fees?  Can you see how absurd the LN idea is?


The LN cannot rely on the other side of the channel being cooperative.  If one could assume that, there would be no need for bitcoin.


You are mistaken. They are not doing that, because no one knows how to build the LN yet.  
And there is something wrong with having to trust a third-party who gets notfied of all your transactions, watching for something amiss.  Can you tell what is it?


Yes, I know that.  It has nothing to do with my point.


Uniirectional channels do not require any special support and could be used now.  Why aren't people using them?
Bidirectional channels require the watching and punishing hack.  It is pretty clear why no one is using them, and probably never will.


"More" only if compared to LN without watching services.  Compared to centralized payment networks, on the other hand...


Again: no one knows how to build it yet.  
Just because you know how to make bricks, it does not mean that you can build a house with them.  Just because you can make payment channels that (technically) work, it does not mean that you can build a payment network with them.


In order for the LN to achieve the 1000:1 ratio of offchain:onchain transactions, each payment channel must be used for 2000 payments *on the average*.  Which means that channels must remain open for months or years. 
That is the *average*, but channel usage will vary a lot.  You open a payment channel to Bob, you get one payment through it, but neither you nor Bob will close the channel immediately, since you do not know whether you will make more payments.  Three months later you may decide that it is not worth keeping it open -- but then you find that on-chain fees have gone up a lot.  Maybe there will not even be enough funds left in the channel to pay the fee...


We already had backlogs that lasted much longer than that.


That is totally wrong.  Until 2015 no one ever tried to spam the network with transactions, because he would have needed  a lot of transactions to create a backlog, and the backlog would be cleared right away.  Today a spammer can start a backlog by issuing maybe 20% of the normal traffic.  Even if he pays 1.00 USD/kB of fee, that would cost him only 200 USD/block, or 30 k USD/day.  If he keeps up for 3 days, the backlog then would take another 3 days to clear.  During that time, maybe 10% of the legit transactions will get stuck in the queue for days,  Can you imagine what would happen to VISA if 10% of their payments failed to confirm for 3 days?
To decrease the risk of such spam attacks, the max block size limit must be MUCH larger than the average block size -- as it was when the 1 MB limit was added, and for most of bitcoin's history. Today the max block size should be on the ballpark of 100 MB.  
That is how any company like Visa or Coca-Cola works: they fix the price that would give maximum profit, and then size their installations to handle the peak demand that they expect at that price, and a bit more for safety.   They DON'T pick an arbitrary production cap, and let their clients run a crazy on-line blind auction to set a price that *may* be profitable.


And happy new year to you.  Beware of believing things just because they fit your desires...
@_date: 2016-12-02 21:01:03


It seems icoherent because you start with different worldview, and believe it to be the truth.  For example, you seem to believe that scarcity alone can give value to something -- and a *stable* or increasing value, moreover.


I had my fill of Andreas talks.  Unfortunately he is forced to be a bitcoin peddler to make a living, like those radio/TV figures whose job is to peddle gold.  As such, he must always emphasize (or invent) the good side of bitcoin, downplay (or ignore) the bad side, and conclude with an implicit "buy bitcoin" message. 
@_date: 2015-08-07 01:30:22
Try to work out the details. It is more complicated because there will be three set of numbers with different BTC:JPY splits: the spoils to be distributed, the verified claims, and the payment preferences. E.g., suppose that
He recovered 100 M JPY and 100'000 BTC.
The total verified claims are 500 M JPY and 600'000 BTC.
Victim A claims 10'000 JPY and 50 BTC, and wants to get the BTC as BTC.
Victim B claims 20'000 JPY and 25 BTC, and wants it all in JPY.
Depending on all the numbers, he may have to auction some BTC anyway, to satisfy those who want JPY (which they have the right to get).
Then there is the nominal BTC price that he decided to use when converting the claims, the price that he will get at the auction, and the market price when he finally pays out.  
It will take some thinking to figure out what to do.  Then it will take a lot of words to explain that to the judge and to the victims, and convince everybody that they are getting their fair share of the spoils, even though the BTC price rose 50% (or dropped 25%) between the time that he submitted the payoffs to the judge and actually paid them out.  And then he may be sued by some victim who felt that those who got paid in BTC ended up with a proportionally bigger share of the spoils.  (Which may be ruled against him, since the law and precedent said to pay in JPY, but it was his decision to pay in BTC.) 
@_date: 2016-11-19 18:55:11


Not quite.  From the [bitcoin wiki](






@_date: 2015-08-05 14:33:23


But 
+ There is no design yet for an overlay network (ONW), and no reason to believe that there will ever be.  "Developers" who plan to change radically how the system works, counting on a "solution" that has not been invented yet, are totally irresponsible and should not be in charge of such a widely used software project.
+ An overlay network, just as Coinbase or Circle, would not have the few advantages that bitcoin has over bank transfers. So, why should people want to use it? What would be the point of creating such a system?
+ An ONW based on Payment Channels will actually *increase* traffic on the blockchain until more than 70% of all bitcoiners adopt it. 
+ In order to achieve a significant reduction of the on-chain traffic, such an overlay network would have to substantially decouple the flow of "overlaycoins" (bitcoin IOUs passed around in the ONW) from the flow of bitcoins, making it very difficult to settle the mess if hubs of the ONW were to collapse.
+ If the cost of the mining network has to be paid by the users, moving the users to the ONW will not reduce the amount that each user will have to pay.  On the contrary, the users will have to cover the hub costs in addition to the blockchain miners costs.  Only an increase in the number of users will allow the cost per user to come down.


Increasing the block size **LIMIT** is a no-brainer decision that is being opposed by Blockstream for reasons other than the good of bitcoin.  


Yes, of course! Hard forks will be necessary, and this is one that is *very* necessary.  It would be a non-event, if the Blockstream guys had not decided to make it into a boogeyman, an excuse to block the size limit increase.
@_date: 2015-08-10 12:31:40
It is not decided yet whether there will be payouts in BTC.  Anyway, people will always be able to opt to receive in JPY.
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:31:13


Yeah, "hope" and "expect" may not be the right words.
Ⓐ If you bought for 10 $/Ƀ, you may dream/believe that it will reach 1'000'000 $/ Ƀ some day, and that is why you are holding.  
Ⓑ If you miss the chance to sell, the price drops, and you end up selling for 15 $/Ƀ, you will be disappointed, but you woudl still make a small profit. 
Ⓒ If instead you end up selling at 3 $/Ƀ, you lost money and you will be mad at yourself, or at bitcoin. 
The BND considers the price at the boundary between Ⓑ and Ⓒ.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:31:29
There are many examples of things that *could* be sidechains, but I have never been able to figure out what *could not* be a sidechain.  The whitepaper that I have read (Oct/2014) does not have a definition tight enough to exclude Huobi as it is now, for example. 
The fundamentla problem is that each sidechain is supposed to be designed, implemented, maintained, and operated by an indepenent group.  That is the very thing that makes sidechains interesting.  Therefore, even if one were to lay down conditions that the sidechain *should* abide to, there is no way to guarantee that it *will*.  The only thing that can be guaranteed is that the transfer of bitcoins to the sidechain and back does not generate any new bitcoins: because that is ensured by the bitcoin protocol, not by the sidechain.  
It has been claimed that the "pegs" do not require any new script opocodes, in fact any new code in the bitcoin software or change to the protocol, because they could be implemented with ordinary transactions.  Namely, to export bitcoins to the sidechain, the exporter sends them to an address whose private key is known and managed by the sidechain.  To return the bitcoins to the main chain, the sidechain moves them to an address whose private key is known by whoever is to receive the export.  In both cases, the transfer is an oridinary bitcoin transaction.  Securely managing the key(s) to those bitcoins while they are "assigned" to the sidechain is a concern of the sidechain, not of bitcoin.
I have never seen an explanation of why this zero-code implementation of sidechains would not be enough.
@_date: 2015-08-13 14:39:04
If a holder abandons bitcoin by selling them at a good price, he is being replaced by another equivalent user.  The network couldn't care less.
If a holder abandons bitcoin by dumping his coins for pennies, or sending them to the Coin Eater, he is hurting himself more than hurting the miners.  Suicide is not a very good deterrent against the Mafia...
If a holder just stops moving his coins, he is not doing anything.
So how exactly do you think that holders can harm miners who try to change the rules (say, to postpone the next reward halving, or to enforce a 0.5% transaction fee)?
@_date: 2015-08-05 23:10:45


I think this number, even though it is quite uncertain, is more meaningful than the market cap.  The latter is meaningful for stocks and commodities, whose prices are anchored in fundamentals; not for things of purely speculative value, like bitcoin.
Suppose that. for some bizarre reason, all curent holders of Apple stock were forced to sell all their holdings, withing three months.  Very likely, the price of the stock will drop only a little during the sale; because the price is based on projections of company profits (hence dividends and capital assets) for the next few years.  Therefore, the total revenue from the sale will be close to the market cap.
If that happened to bitcoin, on the other hand, it is likely that the sellers will have to lower their asks substantially in order to find buyers; and that drop in the price will further scare buyers away, so that the price will drop even further.  The difference is that the price of bitcoin is not connected to anything.  The total revenue from the sale will then be much less than the market cap.
The bitcoin market cap is misleading also because most coins were bought for much less than their ccurrent value, or maybe much more.  Thus it is not an indicator of how much money has been invested in it.
The Bitcoin National Debt, instead, is the amount that *was actuall invested* in bitcoin by the current holders, and therefore measures what thay expact future investors to put in.
@_date: 2015-08-04 04:46:26
Look, I have zillions of postings on bitcointalk, here, on twitter.  Since I am a such a mouth-foaming racist, you should not have any difficulty finding blatant proof of it there.  Why don't you try, and then come back?
Or do you think that you don't have to, because Brazilians are racists?
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:35:39
AFAIK, when the overflow bug was triggered in 2010 and created quadrillions of bitcoins, most users were running Core.  Yet everybody obviosuly agreed that it was a bug, not a feature of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-10 03:41:44
That is the *wish*.  
However, the sidechain is supposed to be defined by its own protocol and software base, designed and maintained independently of bitcoin.  Thus, merely being a sidechain of bitcoin does not guarantee its security, nor a 1-1 match between sidecoins and bitcoins.  By bugs or by design decisions, the sidechain may create more sidecoins by other mechanisms than pegs, and may destroy them, all without the bitcoin network being aware of it. 
Therefore, the only guarantee that can be given is that the sidechain will not create new bitcoins, or mess with any bitcoins that it was not given control of.  Which is a property of the bitcoin protocol (as currently adopted by the bitcoin network), not of the sidechain or the peg.
@_date: 2015-08-11 15:32:10
Have you read BitPay's 2014 summary?  Here is [a digest](


@_date: 2015-08-01 01:22:07
Indeed, there is no reason to think that the "stress test" is connected to Greece.  
On the other hand, the miners' revenue is indeed the main item in the cost of the bitcoin network.  Transactions seem to be free because the cost is almost entirely paid by others -- mainly, by the people who buy the 3600 coins that the miners create each day (now worth ~1 million dollars per day).  
That situation is not economically healthy or sustainable.  When evaluating the competitiveness of bitcoin against other payment methods, one cannot ignore that hidden cost, that *should* be paid by clients.  In that accounting, the distribution of that cost among the users is arbitrary.  Assuming a flat fee per transaction gives about 1000000 / 120000 = ~8.55 USD/tx.  If the fee was proportional to the amount transmitted, minus return change (which seems "wrong" to nerds but makes some business sense) it would be 1000000 / 50000000 = 2%.  One could also consider a combination of the two, e.g. 4 USD/tx plus 1% of the output amount.
However, if bitcoin charged any significant fees -- even if only 1/10 of the true cost -- a lot of current traffic would disappear; perhaps 90% of it, in number and in dollar amount.  Then the situation would become a lot worse: the system would cost ~80 USD/tx, or 20% of the amount transferred.
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:20:44
No, only that the max block size limit must be large enough that the network is never saturated by normal traffic.  That is, every transaction gets included in the next block, or "misses the bus" by a couple of minutes at most.  That is how the bitcoin protocol was supposed to work, since the beginning.
A saturated or near-saturated network is a broken network.  A manager who lets the network get saturated, by negligence or bad judgement, is an incompetent manager.  Someone who *wants* to see the network saturate should not be allowed to work on it.
The Blockstream devs may be clever hackers and competent cryptographers, but they are not competent project managers, and have a totally bad agenda.  
@_date: 2015-08-15 01:33:58


How do you know that?  
The most recent stress test used mostly (or only) transactions with exactly 0.2 mBTC/kB of fes.  From data that I downloaded from [this site]( at some point during the test, there were ~5000 transaction on the pool with fees smaller than that amount.  
Those transactions presumably were from non-expert clients who did not remain on-line to check their transactions' progress, and/or did not know how to re-issue them with higher fees.  They probably sat on the queue until the backlog cleared, which may have been 1-2 days later. 
Can we be sure that none of those 5000 clients "unadopted" bitcoin, after that experience?


Only because that was a stress test and not a malicious spam attack.  An attacker would have adjusted his fees as the clients raised theirs, so as to continuously divert 90% of the transactions (say) to the backlog, and keep them there until the end of the attack.


If the network gets congested, traffic jams will start to occur regularly at peak hours or due to random surges of traffic.  Clients then will be fighting with each other, rather than against a rude but not hostile tester who uses a fixed fee.  
The average time W for the first confirmation, normally ~10 minutes, will shoot up to hours for transactions that are issued during a traffic jam.  While the fee paid by one transaction affects its waiting time,  the overall average wait W is independent of the fees.   In particular, raising the fee may get one's transaction into the next K blocks, but it will also bump one or more transactions to later blocks; and thousands of other clients will be doing the same to your transactions.  
On the whole, the "fee market" will be an ineffective and frustrating annoyance: many clients will end up paying a lot more, but still wait hours or days for confirmation. 


But "abandonment" is precisely the goal of small-blockers!  Their argument is that, as the "fee market" pushes the fees up, adoption will stop growing -- new adptions will be balanced by "un-adoptions" -- so that the traffic (average tx/day) will stop growing.
Actually, users will abandon bitcoin not so much because the fees will get too high, but because the 1-confirmation delay W will become excessive *and unpredictable*. 
Increasing the block size limit is a simple measure that would prevent that disaster.  Whatever consequences it may have for orphan rates or whatever, they will be insignificant compared to having traffic jams several times a week.  It is insane to wait for the disaster happen before moving to fix it.
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:19:07


That "industry" must be net exporter, so the government must like it.  Just as the manufacture of mining equipment.  And there are no restrictions for trading inside the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-08-15 03:45:07


That is not true, unfortunately.  Many laws apply even if you use no money but bitcoin.  You still have to pay income tax and other taxes, you still have to worry about AML/KYC, you may still have to get MSB/MTB licenses (or the bitLicense, in NY)...
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:47:57
Coinbase and Circle are not bitcoin.  They are the "trusted intermediaries" that bitcoin was created to avoid.
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:14:43
The five largest Chinese miners signed a statement that lifting the size limit to 8 MB would be OK for them, but later added that they are not willing to switch to BitcoinXT "because of its experimental nature" and want the devs to get together on this issue.  
I recall a major exchange (Coinbase?) declaring support for the increase.
Actually I cannot recall any statements by large players *against* a size limit increase.  CAn anyone provide any?
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:46:05


If you refer to LN or the like, they are not "scaling bitcoin" but rather moving bitcoin users to a payment system that relies on central private hubs (read: banks) through which most traffic would have to be routed.   That is the the very thing that bitcoin was created to avoid.  Blockstream might just say that the solution to the scaling problem is for everybody to use  PayPal or credit cards instead.
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:26:34
The point is that, if the price does not recover, when the reward gets halved some miners will probably stop mining.  
They may become investors, but that is no more likely for them than for any random person.
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:40:19


Not in the mind of many bitcoiners, including some devs.  In their view, there can be only one blockchain in the world, only one crypto protocol, and only one Core implementation that defines it. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:37:05
Before the LN came along they were touting sidechains, for the same purpose.  
@_date: 2015-08-08 07:09:43
Karpeles apologized to the Japanese audience because that is the obligatory Japanese ritual in bankruptcy cases.  
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:26:31


Gavin did simulations with 20 MB block SIZES.  OK, may be theyr were not convincing to everybody.  
Note that increasing the block size LIMIT is not increasing the scale of the system by 20.  
Blockstream has decided to repurpose bitcoin to be a settlement layer of the Ligtning Network, and limit the block sizes to 1 MB so that the network would become congested, because they decided that a "fee market"  would be cool.  All that without a simulation, or even a BIP, or even having a minimally clear idea of what the LN will be.
So, sorry, but I cannot feel much remorse for that sentence you quoted...
@_date: 2015-08-05 16:12:43


Transaction volume will *not* grow enough, fast enough for its fees to cover a significant part of the 500'000 USD/day that the miners will lose at the next halving.  There is no solution for this "starving miners" problem, no matter what the devs will do.  So it is irrelevant for the block size limit discussion.
However, it is very likely that traffic will grow enough to bring the network to near-saturation, within 6-12 months.  The increase in the block size limit is urgently necessary to solve **this** saturation problem, not the starving miners problem.
Saturation will seriously degrade the usability of the network, which is already very poor.  It will not attract more users, or more traffic, quite the opposite; so it will not solve the starving miners' problem either.  There will not be a viable ONW *design* in that time frame, much less a functioning ONW, so the ONW is irrelevant to the issue, too.


If the ONW is meant to reduce the on-chain traffic by factor of 100, a coin will have to change hands 100 times on average before it moves once in the blockchain.   
Hopefully, the person who owns some "overcoins" may be always able to force a settlement and get the same amount of boitcoins on the blockchain; but it is not clear at all how exactly that would happen, given that those overcoins represent bitcoins that were originally locked into Payment Channels by other people and other hubs.  
Do not feel bad if you don't know the answer.  I have asked this or equivalent questions to Adam Back, Luke Dashjr, a couple other Blockstream devs, and even to Joseph Poon, one of the Payment Channel inventors.  Invariably, that is the end of the conversation.




That does not make sense.  Making bitcoin worse cannot possibly help adoption.  
If the ONW will be more attractive to users than raw bitcoin as it is ***now***, then one should keep bitcoin working as it is ***now*** (i.e., with a lifted block size limit to avoid saturation); if and when the ONW becomes available, it will naturally attract more users, and attract user away from bitcoin -- without the need to make bitcoin less usable first.
On the other hand, if the ONW is going to be *less* attractive to users than raw bitcoin as it is ***now***, then forcing users to move to it would *reduce* user adoption.  Then, too, the best is to lift the block size, and let the users of raw bitcoin grow, even at a modest pace. 


There is no contract.  Every change in the software of network -- BIP66 and other soft forks, AML/KYC by exchanges, fee changes, RBF, soft size limit, concentration of mining -- were carried out or happened without the explicit consent of holders, users, miners, etc..  
For the typical user, the conceptual difference between a hard fork and soft fork is insignificant.  In both cases he had better download a new version of the software, and does not even have to understand what changed.
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:37:27
It means rejecting Core, since the Core devs have sworn on their sword and their beard to keep 1 MB until the network clogs up.
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:18:50
If  a fixed mandatory fee of (say) 0.10 USD per output was enforced by the protocol, it would not significantly hurt legitimate e-payments, but would probably cut traffic down to ~10% of its present value.  Then the whole block size limit issue would be moot, there would be no congestion for a few years at least, block sizes would drop to below 100 kB, the average wait time for 1 -conf would be 10 minutes, clients would not have to worry about which fee to use, the insane "fee market" would not arise, all the related paraphernalia (fee estimators, RBF, CPFP, etc.) could be junked, spam attacks would become ~5 times more expensive, and backlogs would clear ~5 times faster.  In fact, the block size limit could be increased to 8 MB while the actual block sizes would shrink to below 100 kB.
But that would require a hard fork, so unfortunately it will never be enacted.
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:24:55


Correct.  The design of bitcoin assumed that mining would be so disperse that there would not be any susbet of miners that wanted to censor a specific transaction and had enough hashpower to do so.
Unfortunately, because of an economic mistake, mining became an industrial activity that inevitably got concentraded in a handful of companies.  Today, indeed, transactions need the permission of those companies.  So far they have not abused their power, but that is no guarantee about the future.


When you use services like BitPay, Coinbase, or Circle you are not using bitcoin.  Or, rather, you are using bitcoin only to move your money to a payment systm that depends entirely on a trusted third party -- which is what bitcoin was created to avoid.  Ditto for the LN, by the way.
@_date: 2015-08-02 13:57:19
Well then, I will wait for that company to come forward and state so publicly.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:34:43


You are confusing things.  When they mine incomplete blocks they are still playing by the rules.  It has nothing to do with majority; any miner can do that.  The protocol allows empty or half-empty blocks because it cannot assume that every miner sees every transaction request withing a specified delay.  
The protocol is supposed to reward good behavior, and the miners are supposed to do whathever they can to get that reward.  Even when they issue an invalid block, the system is supposed to discard it eventually, and then the miner who wasted a lot of electricity mining it will lose his reward.  
A group of miners who have a majority of the hashpower *could* do nastier things, like starving other miners, blocking transactions, undoing confirmed transactions, etc.  So far, these nastier things that a majority coalition could do have not happened.  
Even if a majority mining colaition were to do such things, they would be playing by the rules.  Every other player in the network would have to accept their actions, otherwise *he* would be violating the protocol and would lose his rewards and services.  
The protocol just assumes that there will not be a coalition of miners with majority power willing to act against their immediate interest (namely, 'mine as many valid blocks as you can').  That would have been a fair assumption if mining had remained dispersed among the clients themselves, using their ordinary PCs and laptops -- as Satoshi has imagined it would be.  
Unfortunately, the fast rise of bitcoin's value, due to speculative trade and investment,  made mining into an industrial activity with 1 million dollars a day of total revenue.  Economies of scale and the quest for cheap electricity then concentrated mining in a handful of companies.
Right now, [the top 5 mining pools have 71% of the total hashpower]( and the top 4 Chinese pools have 56%.  But there is no sign that they have colluded to do any nasty thing yet.  Yet.
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:42:07
Before the LN came along, sidechains were supposed to play that role: namely, the mechanism that would enable bitcoin to scale to a billion users by taking most of the traffic off the blockchain. 
But I suspect that they never figured out how exactly that would work.  So when LN came along with a slightly less fuzzy vision, they jumped on it. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:36:57


No, there is consensus among both groups.  Those running the XT version all agree that the limit should be 1 MB until certain event and 8 MB threafter.
@_date: 2015-08-09 22:12:30
Increasing the block size LIMIT to 2 MB would have no discernible effect on bitcoin for the first 6-12 months or so.  
After that point, with the current 1 MB limit, things would change radically: as the network gets near saturation,  there will be recurrent "traffic jams" with large backlogs of unconfirmed transactions, the average wait time will shoot up, the fees needed to get prompt service will also shoot up, and many clients will end up paying a lot more to wait a lot longer. 
On the other hand, with a 2 MB limit, things would continue to evolve gradually like they have evolved in the past, for another 2-3 years at least.  
Therefore, the most necessary test would be an altcoin whose capacity is just above its average *natural* traffic, to visualize the consequences of keeping the 1 MB limit.  
AFAIK there is no altcoin anywhere near that situation; their natural traffic is minuscule, well below their capacity.  
The "stress tests" of last month (that saturated the bitcoin network with spam transactions, creating up to 200 MB backlogs), were not a good experiment either, because they used only fixed low fees: anyone who paid more than 0.2 mBTC/kB was not affected.  That is not what will happen when   
@_date: 2015-08-08 15:01:42


The "Public note" is not in *the* bitcoin blockchain, but only in the database of Blockchain.Info, a private company.  Which should be avoided for many reasons, one of them being their choice of company hame, the other one being them having registered that domain name. 
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:09:13
Does it need saving?
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:29:59


Actually, given the highly fuzzy state of the LN design, there is no reason to suppose that the blockchain will have enough settlement usage to sustain the BTC price.
If the LN work as claimed, 99.99% or more of the value changing hands per day will be in the form of IOUs, and only 0.01% or less will move in the blockchain.   I think that it will be almost inevitable that the LN at some point will resort to fractional banking, when increasingly large fraction of the IOUs being exchanged have no backing BTC, but only someone's promise to provide the BTC "eventually".  After that, the next step will be to abandon the BTC backing altogether, so that the value of one "Lightningcoin"  will be decoupled from that of one bitcoin.  
This is what happened to the dollar and other national paper currencies in the last 100 years.  The motivations that led to those historic events will apply to the LN too.  In the historic case, once only 0.01% of the money flow was in gold, reducing that to 0.00% was easy, and most people did not notice anything.  What will prevent the same from happening in the LN? 
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:39:19
If you can sleep well on top of that...
@_date: 2015-08-02 14:08:18


You still have not figured out yet how a mining cartel could postpone the halving or do any other similar change to the protocol.  The cartel will not need to spend anything, and will continue collecting the same rewards, before and after the fork, even while it sabotages the old branch.
The only reason they would not do it is the risk that the coin price will drop by more than 50% and not recover later. That depends on how they spin the change; if they play it right, the price may even rise.  I bet that they will have the vocal support of most bitcoin holders -- including those who swore to dump all their holdings if the protocol were to be tampered with in any way.  If they postpone the halving and the price drops by only 30%, they would still make tens of millions of dollars of profits.
@_date: 2015-08-11 11:21:55
Roger Ver and his friend CZ. How could anyone doubt their testimonials?
@_date: 2015-08-11 04:49:23


Do they promise or imply that your deposit will earn some profit or interest?  If they don't, it is not strictly a ponzi.  What may have happened is plain embezzlement -- someone inside pocketed money that was due to the clients -- or incompetent management, or theft...
@_date: 2015-08-04 03:11:28
Holders are not necessarily miners. Relay nodes that don't mine have no influence on what gets mined.
@_date: 2015-08-17 07:33:14
I think that, logically, it is more than needed.  But here are some easons why it would never be implemented:
(1) It would probably cut down traffic by 90% or more.  That will look bad.  People will realize that, if there are only 12'000 transactions per day, there cannot be more than 100'000 people who do at least one transaction (not even one payment) per week.  
(2) It would delay congestion of the network by several years, even with the 1 MB block size limit.  That woudl be great for the big-blockians, but will disappoint the small-blockians because, with no congestion, there will be no "fee market", and no pressing need for off-chain solutions.
(3) It would face the opposition of all those whose business depends on generating tens of thousands of transactions at no cost -- such as the online gambling barons, those who trust tumbling to hide their payments from the law, and those strtups who intend to use the blockchain to store tons of data;
(4) If it is implemented by nodes and miners as a transaction filtering policy, it could not be cleanly and uniformly enforced, and it would be conceptually wrong.  Ideally it should be implemented as part of the 'consensus' rules, but there will be ideological resitance to that.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:12:58
Payment channels work.  Technically, at least.  
The lightning network is to payment channels like a house is to bricks.  If one can buy a pack of half a dozen bricks with "House" written on the box, it does not mean that one can build a house, or that the seller knows what a house is.
By the way, on the LN developers list, Joseph Poon has asked the author of that software to change the label, because it is misleading.
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:09:53


However, since there is no complete software-independent definition of the protocol, the maintainers of BitcoinCore argue that it is their implementation that defines the protocol.  So, if some other implementation disagrees with theirs on whether a bloch is valid, theirs is the correct one, even if everybody would say that its behavior is a bug and/or is bad for the project.
Which is another serious unsolved problem for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-02 10:49:58
It may be easier and more profitable just to steal car accessories from the gas station, or beer cases from Walmart's stock room.
@_date: 2015-08-10 01:38:21


But it is not a *material* asset, or something that has material consequences per se.    A share of a gold fund is (supposedly) a title of property of some gold somewhere.  There is a system to record who is the current owner of that share and to securely transfer the ownership to others.  A bitcoin behaves very much like a share of a gold fund: it can be bought and sold, there is a system to record who owns it, and to transfer it to someone else.  Only that the bitcoin "share" does not stand for anything: it is just a title of property of a piece of nothing.
Before you mention other intangible properties: A digital video or music file can be played, a computer program can be executed, and it is the effects of those actions that make the file valuable to users; not the mere fact that they can be transmitted over the net.  Moreover, "ownership" of those virtual "properties" is not ownership of the bits themselves, but rather of the right to use them in certain ways; rights that are given by copyright laws and enforced by the police and courts.  When a publisher buys the right to a book or music, he isnot buying the bits, but buying the right to sell or stream the files.  Without those laws, the price of those virtual assets would be zero.
Units of *the* Bitcoin defined by the BitcoinCore devs may be limited to 21 million; but, since it is entirely virtual, there can be infinitely many bitcoins, similar or different; even infinitely many forks that differ from the Blockstream/BitcoinCore one by nothing more than a distinctive version stamp.  Just like land titles on Tatooine:  the planet may have a fixed area, but since it is imaginary, one could make similar land titles in as many other planets one would like.  
Even the BitcoinCore version of bitcoin could have the 21 million limit lifted tomorrow. That's  because bitcoin is not "defined by math", but by a collection of *people* who run programs that use certain math -- but who may decide to change the programs tomorrow, who knows.  


Because of those reasons too, that the general publci can see; and of several others that can be understood only with technical knowledge, or knowledge of the bitcoin "ecology", that the general public does not have.
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:49:27
After reading the Oct/2014 Sidechains paper (I don't know if there is a newer version), I concluded that the old sofa in my living room is a sidechain of bitcoin.  It trivially satisfies the definition in the paper.  (In fact it is a *good* sidechain, as defined elsewhere in the paper, but proving that requires a bit more argumentation.)  Seriously.  I have a half-written lightgreenpaper about that, and hope to finish it some day.
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:21:24


No, he predicts a crisis if the max block size is not increased, period.  Once the network is near capacity, there will occur frequent "traffic jams', the average time for first confirmation will skyrocket.  The fees will not change the average delay; they can only shift the delay from some transactions to the others.
@_date: 2015-08-05 03:26:59


The delusion goes much farther.


So you don't care about miners who have invested millions to secure the bitcoin.  Why should any bitcoiner care about your coins being frozen by a majority mining cartel, for some random reason (like, the US government asking the Chinese government to tell them to do it)?  
Why should your fellow bitcoiner ignore the coins that he has on the cartel branch, and content himself with the copies that he has on the puny Rebel branch?  
Without the 400 PH/s network, what would make the RebelCoin more valuable than Dogecoin?
@_date: 2015-08-31 16:59:35
As a general rule, UNICODE does not care for purely graphical aspects like serifs, slant and bold, whether the lines go through or not -- unless they are essential parts of the symbol, that affect its reading.  (Exceptions are made for some graphical effects that were traditionally indicated by separate codes in legacy character sets, such as ligatures and various styles of stars.)
So methinks that the essential defintion of the predominant bitcoin symbol would be "a Latin capital letter B with two vertical strokes".  Whether the strokes go through or not is merely a font design issue.
By the way, the dollar sign is written sometimes with one, sometimes with two strokes; but in UNICODE those are considered the same symbol, because they mean the same thing, and can be substituted for each other in most contexts.
A case can be made however that the Bitcoin symbol is distinct from the Bhat symbol, because they are distinct currencies and may be used in the same text with different meanings (e.g. in Thailand when quoting bitcoin prices).
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:33:27
The "fee market" concept was born from ignorance of network behavior AND ignorance of what a "market" is AND utter lack of elementary business sense.  
@_date: 2015-08-13 04:15:44


I have yet to see evidence that this effect is significant.  (I have seen Tradeblock anaysis, but it does not quite show that.)  There is no such effect visible in actual data.
[This chart]( shows the number of orphans per day, partilly smoothed with a 28-day (4 week) running window.
Note that number of orphans per day has remained quite stable -- between 1.5 and 2.0 per day -- since Apr/2014.  (Surely there were orphans before Apr/2014 too, but apparently BlockChain.info dit not capture that data at the time, and it may be lost now.)
Yet, between May 2014 and now, the [number of transactions per day]( has more than doubled, from ~60'000 to 120'000.  
I cannot find a plot of mean transaction size spanning that time range, but there is no evidence that it has decreased, and I recall some comments that it has in fact increased.  Assuming that it has not decreased, the total incoming traffic in bytes has doubled (from ~33 MB/day to ~66 MB/day), and therefore the average block size must have doubled too (from ~230 kB to ~460 kB).  Thus, ***doubling the the average block size had no perceptible effect on the orphan rate.***
So methinks that Blockstream's claims require some concrete evidence.
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:35:17
The money that the miners earn (1 million dollars a day) is brought daily to them by a swarm of invisible pink unicorns -- all the way from Satoshiland, a magical island where money grows on (Merkle) trees.
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:56:22
That is a basic flaw of the protocol: there is no reliable and un-spoofable mechanism to adjust fees and rewards to market prices.  One shoudl accept that the parameters be adjusted occasionally with hard forks.
Blockstream's proposed alternative is to restrict the capacity C until the fee is raised by the "fee market".  That is worse for a number of reasons, and anyway the parameter C will have to be adjusted by hard forks.  
The fee amount would be set in BTC, of course, and its USD value can vary a lot and stil have the same effect.  Say 0.5 mBTC per output.  If the price ranges from 80 $/BTC to 1200 $/BTC, that fee will range from 4 US cents to 60 cents.  The latter may be significant for a 5 USD payment perhaps, but not for a 50 USD one.
Another hard fork may be needed if the price changes a lot more than that.  But, in that case,it will be the least of people's worries.
I am assuming that obvious return-change outputs are excluded -- say, every output with same address and a smaller value as some input.   But it may not matter actually.
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:40:34


Are you making that up, too?  You keep making stuff up about myself, China, etc, misreading what I write, insisting on your errors... 
Could you please copy those "racist remarks" of mine here, so that everybody can see who is the jerk? 
E você nunca respondeu se você é brasileiro, então suponho que é.  E vota na direita, aposto...
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:51:59
AFAIK, no, there is no hint of where they went.
Perhaps someone who deposited/withdrew bitcoins into/from MtGOX can identify the addresses of their hot wallet(s), and then the cold wallets.   Then one could trace the flow into and out of those addresses.  But it will be hard work, even with computer help.
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:00:08
Maybe the sire is updated only infrequently.  Another page has been updated last on block 350'000, dated 2015-03-30 IIRC.  Perhaps those coins were in that address at the time, and have been moved since then. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:41:15
I am just telling things as I see them.  Just ignore me if you see otherwise.
@_date: 2015-08-17 06:36:55
I can massage any format with gawk, emacs, and the like.  CSV would be quite convenient.  
It would be nice if you could provide counts for decimal ranges: say, v &lt; 0.0001, then 10^k &lt;= v &lt; 10^k+1 for k in -4 .. 3, then v &gt;= 1000.  What interests me at the moment is the number of outputs per day in each range; but others may want also the total BTC value in each bin. 
Even more interesting would be to have counts by USD range, not BTC range.  But that would require merging with a file of mean prices per day.  In case you are interested, [here]( is a file obtained by smoothly splicing the MtGOCX prices until ~2012-09 with the Bitstamp prices after that.  But it goes only to 2015-04-13.  I must update it, maybe next week...
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:25:05


Actually there is no idea of what the LN will be like -- with numbers on it.
There are some annoying questions left, like: how much bitoin will the LN clients have to lock into the system, and for how long?  
If the LN reduces on-chain traffic to 1/100 of the LN traffic, each LN user must lock up enough money in each payment channel to cover 100 of his payments, on average.  A client who has only one channel to a ~~bitcoin bank~~ hub and does 1 LN payment per day on average  would have to lock up his expense budget for the next 3 months.
I have asked for these sorts of numbers to Luke, Adam, Joseph Poon and a couple other small-blockian devs that I can't remember.  Invariably, the dialogue stops at that point. 8-P
@_date: 2015-08-17 11:10:58
But why would the "man in the street" use Coinbase, rather than PayPal, credit cards, bank wires, etc.?  The only advantage of bitcoin is that you can send it without an intermediary...
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:42:18
Anonymity was not part of the goal that bitcoin was designed for (to allow peer-to-peer payments over the internet without the need for a trusted third party).  
The weak anonymity that it offers is only an accidental consequence of that goal.  If accounts were nominal, there would have to be a trusted third party (typically, a government) to define and verify  the identity of account holders.  
Even in the whitepaper it is admitted that bitcoin's privacy is less than what one expects from a bank, but one could get close enough to that by being careful with address reuse, coin mixing, etc..
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:03:11
It will have (a clone of) all the addresses, coins, and coin owners of the original bitcoin; and it will be *the* altcoin that Purse, Changetip, Coinbase, Bitpay, GBTX, etc. work with.  So it will be bitcoin, yes.
@_date: 2015-08-07 19:01:01
From [their homepage](




@_date: 2015-08-11 19:58:22
Thanks for this very much needed write-up.  [**Note:** comment was posted on the deleted thread, reposted here.]
Note that Blockstream essentially wants to use their position as maintainers of the BitcoinCore to turn the bitcoin network into a piece of **their** company project.  Anyone sees anything wrong in that?


Adam mentioned 10'000:1 as a possible value of the ratio (transactions through the LN):(transactions on the blockchain).  Even assuming a more modest 100:1 ratio, and assuming that opening and closing a channel takes only 2 on-chain transactions, each channel must carry 200 transactions on average. Thus an average client will have to lock up in the channel to his main hub an amount of BTC sufficient for its next 200 payments.  At 2 payments per day, that is his estimated expense budget for 3 months.   


Except that the design of the Lightning Network is about as advanced as Leonardo Da Vinci's helicopter.  Some parts have been invented (the Payment Channels), but the whole system still needs to solve some logistic and economic problems -- like the question above.
So the plan is actually: push all current bitcoin users to off-chain services like Coinbase and Circle, and *then* maybe develop a Lightning Network, whose hubs will obviously be those services.
By the way, those hubs will have to be licenseed and comply with AML/KYC, and can block payments between arbitrary clients and merchants.  Clients could open direct payment channels or use other hubs, but in order to unlock their funds they will have to get the cooperation of their current hub, and pay the corresponding fees.
By the way, some Blockstream devs seem to expect that the on-chain trasaction fees may be 20--100 USD/tx.  So, in order to open a channel with a hub, a client would have to pay that much upfront, and then pay again that much when the channel is closed.
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:32:19
A reasonable guess.  The [number of *addresses* in the blockchain with 1 BTC or more]( is about 370'000.  The number of *people* who own 1 BTC or more must be less than that. 
@_date: 2015-08-14 05:49:48


That is because it was only a "rude test" and not a real spam attack.  In a spam attack the attacker would raise his fees too, as clients raised them, so as to keep blocking transactions.
For example suppose that, on average, the normal traffic fills 450 kB/block and the network can confirm 750 kB/block (because of the 1 MB limit, empty blocks, soft limits, etc.) Suppose also that, at some point, there are 450 kB of transactions on the queue, and 50 kB of those have fees higher than 1 mBTC/kB.  The attacker issues 700 kB of transactions with fee 1.1 mBTC/kB.  Then the next block is solved, at most 50 kB of normal traffic are included in it; the other 400 kB just go into the queue.  
Now suppose that, between that block and the next one, another 450 kB of normat traffic arrives; but many clients have noticed the backlog and raised their fees, so that the min fee among the highest 50 kB  is 1.5 mBTC/kB.  The attacker again issues 700 kB of spam with fee 1.6.  Again, at most those 50 kB get into the next block, and the other 400 kB go to the queue.
Those two blocks above will cost him a minimum of 0.7 BTC and 1.2 BTC, or maybe 1.0 and 1.8 BTC.  The threshold fee cannot get too high: 2 mBTC/kB is already  ~30 US cents/tx.  
So, with 100 BTC (~30'000 USD) the attacker can reduce the effective network capacity to 50 kB/block, for maybe 40 blocks (8 hours).  At the end of the attack there will be 40 x 400 = 16 MB of normal traffic in the queues.  That backlog will take at least 5 hours to clear.  So the wait time W for the first confirmation, averaged over all normal tx that were issued during the attack, will be roughly 10 hours.  Most clients will have paid a lot more than the minimum, only to wait that long...
Spam attacks are a strong argument to increase the block size limit.  If the limit was 8 MB instead of 1 MB, the attacker would have to issue at least 6 MB of spam, with the same fees as above.  So the attack would be ~12 times more expensive than the one feasible under 1 MB limit.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:34:16
Oh, c'm'on.  What part of "keep 1 MB until the network clogs up" did you not see the Blockstream devs openly defend?
(By the way, the name "Blockstream" may be one of the best Freudian slips of all time...)
@_date: 2015-08-05 14:00:04


The price *may* rise before or after the halving, but there is no reason to assume that it will.  


I would think so too, since the 18 months of price decline, coupled with excess supply of mining hardware, must have made mining only moderately profitable.


An increase in traffic that would support miners with sub-dollar fees seems very unlikely to happen in the next few years.  
If the 1 MB block size limit is retained, traffic can grow by another 50% only, to 180'000 tx/day, and then stop.  Coinbase and Circle then may start receiving extra customers who keep and use bitcoins entirely off-chain.  However, the few advantages that bitcoin has over bank wires will not be available to those users; so why would they put their money into that?
Even if the limit is raised, there is no reason to expect a substantial increase in traffic.  It took two years, from July **2012** to July 2014, for the traffic to double from ~30'000 tx/day to ~60'000 tx/day; and then another year for it to double again, to ~120'000.   The traffic will not increase fast enough to allow the miners' revenue loss to be compensated by fees.
On the other hand, a substantial hike in the minimum fee (to 0.25 USD per transaction, say) would be necessary anyway, to induce miners to process all transactions promptly.  (An increase in the block size limit and a minimum fee hike would also have the added benefit of making spam attacks much more costly, hence less likely.)  But even a more modest hike would probably cause a huge drop in the traffic, perhaps by 80% or more.  The traffic now seems to be dominated by non-payment uses that exist only because transactions seem to be free.  (And the increase of 60'000 tx/day over the last 12 months is very suspicious, it may be fake.)  So, paradoxically, any viable increase in the fees may decrease the total fees collected by the miners...
@_date: 2017-11-05 01:48:17
It is like the stock split that happens when a company splits.  
When PayPal split off eBay, anyone who owned N shares of eBay became automatically the owner of N shares of PayPal too.  From then on, each stock traded independently, and the market defined how much each was worth.  Just as in the ETH/ETC split, or the BTC/BCH split.
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:45:02


For the billionth time, it is undeniable that the Blockstream devs absolutely refuse any block increase until the network saturates and the "fee market" gets established.  IMHO, that should be reason enough for everyone who cares about bitcoin's future to switch away from BitcoinCore to some other implementation that is not under their control. 


Yes.  Therefore, if the limit is going to be raised in the future, there will have to be a hard fork.


Only hackers think that complexity is a virtue.  Hackers make terrible project managers, for that reason.  We saw that in the BIP66 blunder.  
A clean hard fork to raise the limit would have been a non-event, if Blockstream had not decided to oppose it for non-technical reasons, and painted it like a hairy flame-spitting monster.


But you just said that there is no such way...
@_date: 2015-08-17 06:03:30
Thanks! I can do the graphing.
@_date: 2015-08-12 06:09:21


Indeed, in that "red button" scenario there would be two cryptocoins, both claiming to be "the" bitcoin, the one that is worth buying and using.  Basically, if the price of bitcoin before the fork was 300 $/BTC, what will be the price of 1 CartelBitcoin, and of 1 RebelBitcoin, after the fork? 
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:41:39
From [this top-level comment]( in this thread:


@_date: 2015-08-04 11:11:04


You did not say that. ;-)
But OK, suppose that the next halving is due on August 4, 2016, when block B(N)= B(420'000 is) supposed to have a coinbase transaction of 12.5 BTC  instead of 25 BTC.  Suppose that, when that time arrives, only 20% of the clients have upgraded to the cartel version (v1) of the software, while 80% are still running the orthodox version (v0).  Likewise, suppose that only 20% of the non cartel miners (who have 30% of the total hashposer) have upgraded to v1.  The cartel will split its own hashpower between the two versions so that there will be
    24% non-cartel miners running v0
    56% cartel miners running v0
     6% non-cartel miners running v1
    14% cartel miners running v1
After block B(N-1), two blocks of height N are eventually posted, both including a normal load of transactions. Block B1(N), mined by some v1 miner, would be valid by the old rules, except that its coinbase is 25 BTC.  The other block B0(N), by luck, was mined by a non-cartel v0 miner, and is totally valid, including the expected coinbase of 12.5 BTC.  
What will happen next?
(Version v1 of the software could also use a modified difficulty formula, that keeps the block rate on the v1 branch closer to 10 minutes, in spite of it having only 20% of the hashpower.  But that is not necessary; it would only reduce the inconvenience of the clients who have upgraded.)
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:37:40


You can do that already, by simply trading your bitcoins for sidecoins...  
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:09:57
Yes, in Mainland China, bitcoin can be freely deposited into and withdrawn from exchanges; CNY too, sometimes by some roundabout routes.  Bitcoins can be traded freely inside the exchanges.  I suppose that people can also trade bitcoins privately, "like postage stamps" said a PBoC official.  AFAIK, that is about it. 


Are there any such shops in China?
If you meant "shops outside China", imported goods surely will have to pay customs, which should make any such purchase uneconomical.
@_date: 2015-08-07 13:12:34
Of course.  What does that have to do with the miners revenue?
@_date: 2015-08-03 03:06:43


That is true, but it is just one more absurd aspect of the "bitcoin economy": the hashrate does not depend at all on the number of users or the volume of trade that it carries, but only on the price at which (mostly naive) investors can be convinced to buy it.
The amount of money that the US military costs is not related to how many Americans there are, or to what they do.  Yet it makes sense to  divide that cost by the US population, because it is the Americans who should indirectly pay for it.  It would make sense even if, by some bizarre treaty, China was directly paying for that cost -- if that treaty was set to lapse in a few years time.
The miners now receive one million dollars per day, and are running 400 PH/s of equipment only because of that revenue.  It is bound to drop by half next year.  Perhhaps the price will double until then, so the miners will still earn the same total amount and the hash rate will not drop.  But that is not under anyone's control.  It the price remains at the current level (or, worse, drops), what is going to happen to the mining indurtry?  What is going to happen at the next halvings?
After 18 months of dropping prices, and an oversupply of mining equipment, the mining industry cannot be having have big profits (as it may have had at the previous halving, on 2012-11-28).  
One possibility is that half the hashing equipment gets turned off, so that the other half can continue mining at a profit with half of the revenue.  That would be OK, objectively (bitcoin is not significantly safer with 400 PH/s than with 4), but it would be very bad for its image. 
If the drop in the hashrate is to be avoided, some source must be found for the 500'000 USD/day needed to sustain it.  The only other place where that money could come is from the users who issue transactions, in the form of transaction fees.   And that would only start making things right: the cost or a service should be paid by those who benefit from it.
So, how would one split the 500'000 USD/day cost among the people who issue those transactions?  If one were to charge a flat fee, it would have to be 4.13 USD/transaction.  If one were to charge a fee proportional to the value moved, it would be 1%.  All that assuming that the traffic will remain the same -- which of course would not be the case.
One could think of other ways to split the cost (charge for days destroyed, charge 3500 USD of fees per block, divided among the tx that went into that block, etc.).  However, even if more fair, they would end up being 4.13 USD per transaction on average, or 1% of the value moved, on average.
The fact is that the current mining industry is WAY too expensive, given the number of users and amount of traffic that it serves.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 23:53:21
 From [this site]( mainly.  Also from [this site]( and from [statoshi.org](  Beware that the "transactions accepted" of the latter are transactions that got into the blockchain, not into the queue.
@_date: 2015-08-12 05:55:07


Any such change that eliminates the attackers will also eliminate all the minority honest miners, who then would have to join the majority. Note that this manoeuver would be a hard fork that would require all players to download and install new software.  Tons of independent software would have to be modified too.  
Like any hard fork, the PoW change will not destroy the old chain; it will create a branch that contains copies of all existing coins.  The majority miners, and the miners who were forced to join them, would be mining the old chain, or a new branch of their own.  
So, which will then be "the" bitcoin: the one with the 400 PH/s netowrk, or the one with a puny CPU/GPU network?  
If exchanges cannot carry them both, which one will they adopt?
@_date: 2015-08-13 12:56:20
Riiight.  Like, if the banks do anything unethical, their customers will take out all their money in cash and burn it. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:41:22
Footnote 5, page 6 of the [Sidechains whitepaper 2014-10-22](


@_date: 2015-08-10 01:06:42
What etymology?  I am not discussing etymology, but meaning as it seems to be used by Libertarians in general and by the Blockstream devs in particular.
Anyway, the etymology of "consensus" is from Latin "*con*" = "with",  "together" and "*sentīre*" = "to feel".  Related to "to consent" (= "to allow", "to give permission") and "consensual" (= "with mutual agreement").  The current common meaning of "consensus" is described [here]( for instance.
@_date: 2015-08-12 07:14:11


Sorry, I still don't know what you mean by "ActualMoney (tm)".  
I assume that bitcoin will retain some dollar price as long as it is mined; but, wihout the speculative imvestment and the artificial use, the price would be very low, perhaps less than a penny.  A friendly pizzeria may accept 10'000 BTC for a pizza.  Would that be "ActualMoney"?


Well, sorry, that fact sheet is typical PR mumbo-jumbo.  ("From girls in Afghanistan to banks in the United States” -- ugh!)   It does not say much about their business plan -- how they intend to make money, a detail which they must have told the investors in private (and must depend, of course, on bitcoin retaining its speculative price).  It is also old, from a time when they had no LN and therefore claimed that sidechains would enable scaling. 
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:58:45
Bitcoins are just bits.  The connection between those bits and reality is not defined by mathematics or computers, but by the humans who program and run those computers.  
@_date: 2015-08-04 13:51:51
And in French, as in most Romance language, some persons are feminine gender even when they are of the male sex.  In Portuguese, for example, "person", "authority", "witness", "part" (of a contract),  and all the honorifics like "Your Excellency" are feminine, and should be referred to with "she" rather than "he"...
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:08:00


Different sets of people have different goals for bitcoin.  As you say, the early investors -- who have decided that the goal of bitcoin is to make them millionaries -- want its user base to expand by a factor of 1000 or more (but it must be bitcoin, not any other cryptocurrency).  Anarcho-capitalists, who have decided that the goal of bitcoin is to destroy the state, are more ambitious, but more flexible -- they want *some cryptocurrency* to completely replace national currencies.  And so on.
One may take the views that none of those opinions is more "legitimate" than any other.  One may say that the miners are only segment whose opinion matters, because they have more power to impose it on the other segments than the otther way around.  Or the other way around.  Whatever.
However, bitcoin was *designed* for one specific goal, stated in the whitepaper.  All its parameters and features where chosen to fit *that* goal, not the goals of those groupls who appropriated it for other purposes.  For example, if the goal had been to provide a stable store of value, a lower block rate (say, 1 every 6 hours) woudl have been adequate, and would have simplified many things.    
So, if the developers were really committed to the care of Satoshi's experiment,  they should not pay attention to the wishes of speculators and VC investors.  Even because the "bitcoin of the holders" is a giant pyramid scheme, that has already transferred a billion dollars or more from the pockets of unwary investors (with considerable harm to some of them) to those of swindlers, scammers, and thieves.  The sooner that pyramid collapses, the better.
@_date: 2015-08-15 04:38:39
The point is that, according to the paper, a sidechain *can* include an altcoin.  As far as I can tell, it can *be*   just an altcoin.  
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:17:46
Many people would be happy with any of those BIPs, or at least several of them.  Hopefully, at some point one of those BIPs will be approved by sufficiently many people.  That BIP then could be implemented and go through blockchain voting, against the 'no change' option; and hopefully it would be adopted by everyboy in a short time.
@_date: 2015-08-05 11:50:57
Gavin is correct, right?  There are usually many nonces that will solve the block , and two members of the same pool may find two solutions at the same time, even if they are working on disjoint ranges for the nonce.  Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2015-08-11 23:09:48


They are not predictable, because they depend on the random component of the traffic.  A jam happens when the incoming tx rate T, on a 10-20 minute scale, exceeds the effective capacity C of the network.  The size of the backlog and the time it takes to clear depend on the difference T-C.  Even small changes in T can mean huge percentual changes in T-C, including it reversing sign.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 11:37:02
What was Gay-Bouchery's role in the company?
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:07:13
What false information?  That the original plan was not LN, but "sidechains or something else"?
@_date: 2015-08-08 15:08:53
Seriously, you should use good quality paper (that will not become a mush when wet) and use a laser printer, or a jet printer with waterproof permanent ink cartridges.  Standard inkjet ink may blot or come off with water (e.g. drips from a cold beer glass).
@_date: 2015-08-13 13:03:51
The header says the block size, so blocks that are "too big" can be rejected after downloading a couple hundred bytes.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:14:51
The important thing is whether the miners are OK with raising the block size LIMIT to 8 MB.  Once there is a consensus on that, the other details of the change could be negotiated again.  
The Chinese miners already said that they all are OK with 8 MB but do not liek automatic increasses after that. But I don't think anyone feels strongly about them. 
(Note that the actual change does not have to be any of the BIPs already posted.)
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:23:54
I think that the only decent way to change the rules is by a clean hard fork, in which *no* block, transaction, or wallet that is valid for one version is valid to the other, and vice-versa.  
Then there will be no confusion about which branch should execute which transaction (as there is with a lazy hard fork, that most people assume), or recurrent n-block reorgs (as there is with a soft fork; see BIP66).  All players using the A-branch will be running version A of the software, and ditto for the B-branch.  Clients can use both their A-coins and their B-coins independently by running the approriate version of the software, even at the same time on the same computer.  The only confusion is whether the guy you want to pay X bitcoins is expecting payment in A-coins or in B-coins; you will have to clarify that before sending
Hopefully one of the branches will immediatey become valueless and the other will retain the whole original value; but if there is a persistent split, it is because the split was neded..
@_date: 2015-08-17 05:21:51
Search for "Crash Landing" "Mike Hearn"  (Would rather not risk posting the link directly).  
[Here]( is a comment of mine where I explain the same thing.  And [here]( is another one.  
It is all well-known behavior of networks, and pretty obvious stuff once you think about it.  You must have experienced it many times in traffic jams, cashier lines, overloaded sewer networks...
[Here]( is another comment that expands on the effect of block size limit on spam attacks.
[Here]( is my observation that, contrary to what the small-blockians claim, a 100% increase in block size over the last 12 month did not cause any increase in the orphan rate.
@_date: 2015-08-10 19:32:07
# Distribution of bitcoins by address - Block ~360536 - 2015-06-11
# From [this site](
    Balance             ! Num.Addresses ! % of Addresses !    Tot BTC !       Tot USD ! % of all BTC
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0 - 0.0001          |     2,697,841 |          52.59 |        432 |        99,427 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     2,697,841 |          52.59 |        432 |        99,427 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0.001 - 0.01        |       811,073 |          15.81 |      2,985 |       686,329 |         0.02
    0.01 - 0.1          |       804,331 |          15.68 |     26,693 |     6,136,600 |         0.19
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     1,615,404 |          31.49 |     29,678 |     6,822,929 |         0.21
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0.1 - 1             |       430,948 |           8.40 |    145,834 |    33,526,138 |         1.02
    1 - 10              |       259,915 |           5.07 |    735,031 |   168,978,209 |         5.15
    10 - 100            |       109,759 |           2.14 |  3,796,232 |   872,725,680 |        26.62
    100 - 1,000         |        14,711 |           0.29 |  3,378,404 |   776,670,109 |        23.69
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |       815,333 |          15.90 |  8,055,501 | 1,851,900,136 |        56.48
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    1,000 - 10,000      |         1,559 |           0.03 |  3,204,503 |   736,691,562 |        22.47
    10,000 - 100,000    |            99 |            .   |  2,411,835 |   554,463,109 |        16.91
    100,000 - 1,000,000 |             4 |            .   |    558,404 |   128,372,964 |         3.92
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |         1,662 |           0.03 |  6,174,742 | 1,419,527,635 |        43.30
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    TOTAL               |     5,130,240 |         100.01 | 14,260,353 | 3,278,350,127 |        99.99
@_date: 2015-08-13 07:31:52
Bitcoiners of course will claim that the 6-block reorg on July 4, the 3-block one on July 5, and the public warning to wait for 30 confirmations only showed that the protocol was fine and dandy, and everything worked as it should.  Skeptics and undecided may beg to differ.
Anyway, those embarassing events were not the miners' fault.  Their blind mining on top of "stolen" block hashes is allowed by the protocol, is in their best interest, and would usually have been pretty safe -- safer than BitPay's acceptance of 0-conf transactions.  Those events happened because the devs did not program a delay between the "95% vote" event and the enforcement of BIP66.  
A 1-month delay would have been enough time to warn everybody, and in particular the 5% of miners who were still running the old sofware, to upgrade immediately -- which they surely would have done, for strong monetary reasons.
In fact, by not programming that delay, the devs *ensured* that BIP66 would kick in when 5% of the miners were unprepared to handle it -- *no matter how quickly the miners tried to upgrade.*  So, it was their fault, not BTCNuggets's, that BTCNuggets mined a BI66-invalid block after BIP66 eas triggered.
Everything in that episode has the stamp of the true hacker mindset and modus operandi, including the failure to own up to their mistake.  I could go into details, but I must get some sleep now.
@_date: 2015-08-15 13:32:58
There is *one* sidechain, implemented by Greg, that presumably works like that -- with tokens pegged to the imported BTC.  But the paper does not say that they *all* have to be like that.  Or anything.  
The "meta-purpose" of sidechains seems to be: provide a way for innovative altcoins to be co-opted into supporting bitcoin, rather than competing with it.  To achieve that purpose, it was necessary to be totally vague about the details.  They could not even say that the sidechain has to *be* a linear blockchain: what if the "bitcoin killercoin" uses a treechain, or a holographic 4D matrix, or whatever?  
In particular, after reading the paper with some care, I believe that a sidechain can import 1 satoshi once, put it in the lobby under a glass bell jar, and do all its businesses with its own tokens unpegged to the BTC.  
In fact, readers who think mathematically, and know that a "set of transactions" may be the empty set, will understand that the sidechain can import *zero* satoshis, and keep an empty glass bell in its lobby...
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:56:57
Yes. You can imagine that the miner sells everything right away, but has a twin brother who is a typica investor who does not mine; and the brother immediately buys back some or all of the coins, with the same money.  
So, in analyses, one can always assume that all miners sell immediately, and there is a separate set of investors who trade, but do not mine.
@_date: 2015-08-17 01:14:37
Define it, then.
@_date: 2015-08-14 13:22:16
TLDR: "I have no idea how, but it should help."
@_date: 2015-08-01 16:48:03
The estimate of 7 tx/s assumes that all blocks are filled to the maximum size (1 MB) and the transactions are only ~240 bytes.  However, the miners often output blocks that are empty or less than 1 MB in size; and the average transaction is much bigger, around 530 bytes.
In normal conditions, the actual capacity C of the bitcoin network (the maximum traffic that it can process continuously) seems to be about 106 MB/day, or 1.23 kB/s.  Assuming 540 bytes per transaction, on average, that would be about 200'000 tx/day, or a bit less than 2.3 tx/s. 
Right now there is still a large backlog of transactions mostly created by the last stress test, and the transactions are bigger than normal, about 735 bytes on average.  Thus the network's capacity now is only 145'000 tx/day, or 1.68 tx/s.  That is what the miners are processing now, when there is a backlog of entries that are paying a reasonable fee (0.2 mBTC/kB).  
The normal load N, when there is no stress tests or spam attacks going on and no backlogs, is about 120'000 tx/day or 1.39 tx/s on average, which is 64 MB/day or 0.74 kB/s.  Thus the normal traffic is already 65% of the capacity.  
Since Jul/2014, the norla load N has been growing at about 5000 tx/day per month.  (Although that growth appears to be fake, or at least not related to e-payments, because it is not matched by a growth in the total USD volume transacted per day.)
The load is not uniform during the day or the week.  As long as the load is well below the capacity, most transactions will get their first confirmation in the next  non-empty block, as long as they pay the minimum fee.  Paying more than that will not necessarily buy faster service.  This was the situation until a month or so ago, before the current epidemic of stress tests.
On the other hand, when the load N gets close enough to the capacity C, say 75-80%, there will begin to occur frequent "traffic jams"  during peak days and hours, when N temporarily exceeds C.  The queues then get bigger than one blockful, and will keep growing for as long as  N exceeds C, at the rate N - C kB/s.  Once the traffic surge abates and N drops again below C, the backlog will start to be cleared, at the rate of C - N kB/s.   
For example, right now there is a backlog of about 30 MB left over from the stress test, that is being cleared at the rate of 1.23 - 0.74 = .49 kB/s.  At this rate, the backlog will take another 17 hours to be processed.
Thus, while there is a backlog of unconfirmed transactions waiting on the queues, a transaction will take much longer (hours) to confirm, on average, than the usual 10-15 min. 
When there is a backlog, some clients who are aware of it and cannot wait for it to clear will start paying more than the minimum fee.  That will usually move their transactions to the front of the queue.  (The jargon term for it is "the fee market", although it will not be a functional market at all.)
However, no matter what fees the clients pay, the time to the first confirmation, averaged over all transactions that are issued during it, will not change by a single second.  In particular, every time a client jumps the queue and secures a place in the next block, some other client will be pushed out of it.  Thus, inevitably, many clients will end up paying a lot more, only to wait much longer...
A network whose load is greater than its capacity is a broken network.  It is a street with hour-long  car jams at rush hours, a sewer pipe that cannot carry all the sewage that it collects, a supermarket that takes in 20 customers in per minute but can only handle 2 per minute at the cashier.  You do not want to go there.
@_date: 2015-08-04 11:54:15
If you receive a payment from Alice and want to be reasonably sure that the payment is real, you could check only the last N blocks of the blockchain, where N is at least (say) 14'400 and large enough to include all the blocks where Alice got the coins that she used to pay you.  Then, in order to fool you (by using coins that she did not really have), Alice should have had to use 400 PH/s of hashing power -- the same as all the working miners in the world -- for at least 86 days, in order to compute valid hashes with at the required difficulty for all those blocks.
@_date: 2015-08-08 16:35:55
Unfortunately, with that instrument I can annoy at most 171'592 people, of which no more than 705 are being annoyed right now. 
@_date: 2015-08-06 12:39:37


Just to clear any misunderstanding: Mark is French, not Chinese; MtGox was in Tokyo; and Tokyo is in Japan, not in China.


Well, since the first half of that quote is *your* words, now we know that you are just as racist as I am.
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:15:31
Paying kids to learn does not work, unfortunately, for many psychological reasons that I don't fully understand myself.
One reason, apparently, is that it makes the money seem the goal, rather than the learning.    The best students, from kindergarten to graduate school, are those who enjoy learning.
Another reason is that the the same reason why ChangeTip will not be a success: the amounts that one can give are so small that even children do not see them as enough motivation.  A 2 cent tip is not worth the time to pick it up and put it in one's pocket...
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:08:13
As a mere bitcoin holder, your opinion or fate is of no interest whatsoever to the Blockstream devs.  The bitcoin network is their property and they have decided to turn it into a settlement layer of something that they are still figuring out.  So shut up and get lost. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:01:18
But 8 MB is the proposed block size LIMIT, not block SIZE.  If the limit is lifted there will be no near-term increase in the SIZE.  The blocks will continue growing gradually until early or mid-2016.  Then, with 1 MB limit, there will be recurrent traffic jams and all their bad consequences.  With 8 MB limit, the block size will continue growing gradually and perhaps reach 1.5 MB in 2017, 2.5 MB in 2018, etc..  That is plenty of time for nodes to adapt.
Moreover, as Greg pointed out, you don need to send the whole block.  If your peers also maintain transaction queues, you need only send ids of the transactions, not the whole transactions.  So even with 8 MB blocks the bandwidth requirements will be much less than 15 MB/s.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:16:42
The more that myth is told, the more radical it gets.  Soon there will be claims that the protocol can work fine without the miners.  No, wait -- the "big red button" defense is already based on that premise...
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:55:28


Bitcoin was designed and implemented for one purpose (BP): allow peer-to-peer internet payments without the need for a trusted intermediary.  
Had its goal been something else, the design and implementation would have been very different too. Or it may not have been created at all, if there were already other solutions for that other goal.
Taking over the world was not part of bitcoin's goal.  It was supposed to be used only by those who needed BP, or wanted to use it for some reason.  Maintaining bitcoin means making sure that it available to all those persons; not more.
Growth was made into a goal when bitcoin was appropriated   by various groups who decided that it should be an investment scheme, or a weapon against the State.  Both goals needed bitcoin to grow: the holders needed Visa-level adoption and millions of new investors to lift the price, while the State-haters dreamed of it replacing the dollar and other national currencies.  
Having those and several other goals (often contradictory) tacked onto it did great harm to the project.  They are "wrong" goals in many ways: some because they are harmful in themselves, to individuals or to the society; some because bitcoin's design is far from optimal for them; and some because there are already better solutions than bitcoin.  
The latter is the case of those goals that *require* adoption to grow to hundreds of millions of users through "offchain bitcoin".  The "bitcoiners" who keep all their bitcoin in Coinbase or Circle (or in the LN, if and when that gets invented) obviously don't care about the BP; therefore they could as well use Paypal or Visa.  These and other traditional payment methods are good enough for the soccer moms.  On-chain bitcoin is definitely not good for soccer moms, and "Coinbase bitcoin" is still a lot worse than Paypal.   
And, of course, there is no way that "Coinbase bitcoin," even if it grows to a billion users, will ever be a threat to the State or the banks.
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:27:22
That would not be pedagogical.  The point is that, in security, you must think like when playing chess.  When trying to predict what the adversary will do, you must think like the adversary would: look for and exploit the weak spots in your defenses.  You will not win if you only imagine him rushing into the spots where you put your defenses.  
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:02:25
That was most likely a translation and interpretation error by reporters who do not understand the law.
I am not a lawyer, but from what I read elsewhere in this subreddit,  the ruling merely stated that MtGOX victims cannot claim property of *specific* bitcoins that were in the exchange, not even of some amount *of bitcoin*, but only to their value.   
The lawsuit would have had merit if MtGOX was a bankrupt mechanics shop and the plaintiff had left his car with them.  Then he would have  had the right to take his car out, while the properties of the shop would be auctioned and the money distributed to creditors.  
But the judge ruled that it was not the case.  All the money and bitcoins that were deposited at MtGOX were property of the exchange, and the victims' account  balances were just promises by MtGOX that they could withdraw those amounts.  
So, the judge ruled, that victim could not just take "his" BTC out.  Those BTC were part of the MtGOX spoils, and should be divided among the creditors and other victims -- like the money that MtGOX had in the bank, and the proceeds from sale of other MtGOX property.  The plaintiff had to file a claim, like the other depositors and creditors, and be content with the 20% or whatever that all creditors will recover.
@_date: 2015-08-04 05:51:04


There is no "social contract".  Bitcoin is like the rules of soccer. No one forces people to play by them; each player choose whether follow them or not; and if enough players agree on what the rules are, they can play a match, and push out of the field anyone who disagrees.
The bitcoin rules say that everybody should accept the valid chain that has the most work in it.  The miners build the chains and don't need the other players; the other players cannot do anything without the miners.  That asymmetry means that the miners have the ultimate power: if a majority of miners decides that the protocol should be this or that, they can force all other miners, relay nodes, and clients to accept the change, because they can block all transactions of those who disagree.
On the other hand, I doubt that the miners would want to increase the 21 M limit any time soon, just like that.  They may do something less conspicuous, like delay the next block reward halving by 2 years, and shorten the halving time from 4 to 2 years after that. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 08:55:05
Limiting the capacity and causing congestion in order to force a fee increse is a very smart idea.  Very libertarian. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;.
@_date: 2015-08-03 04:49:20
Peter's is not a compromise.  
The issue is whether the bitcoin network should be allowed to become saturated, as the steady traffic growth runs into the 1 MB barrier, sometime in the next 6 to 12 months at most.  
All the previous proposals by Gavin and Jeff are just attempts to avoid saturation and all its obvious bad consequences.  But Blockstream *wants* saturation to happen.  They tried by all means to block *any* lifting of the block size limit.  Peter's proposal pretends to be a compromise, but it does not cede an inch on the essential point: "saturation must occur as soon as possible".
@_date: 2015-08-05 21:11:44
I would try real estate, when and where there is no bubble.  Not guaranteed, but may be the closest thing.   
But, why do you think that society should provide you with a way to do that?  
What do you really mean "does not depreciate"?  Suppose that a prosperous villager in Britain, 2000 years ago, sold all his posessions and hoarded the money as some value storage instrument that did not depreciate in all those years, for the benefit of his first heir today.  Should that hoard buy an apartment with glass windows and central heating, microwave, freezer, dishwasher, and a flushing toilet in the bathroom; or a wood-and-straw hut with three stones for hearth and a hole in the ground for toilet?
If "long-term store of value" was bitcoin's design goal, many details would be different.  For example, there would be no need to have a block every 10 minutes: one per hour, or even one per day, may have been quite enough.  In that case,  timestamps could be required to be increasing, etc.  Multisig would be useful, but complicated scripts would not.  And much more.
However, if that was the goal, Satoshi would not have created bitcoin, because he surely did not know how to do it.  Bitcoin does not guarantee "non-depreciation".  Satoshi bothered to create bitcoin because the goal was to create a **currency**, and "non-depereciation" is not needed for that purpose. 
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:18:50
About 10 days, at the maximum current capacity (~750 kB/block, less than 200'000 tx/day).
@_date: 2015-08-03 04:29:07


You must be kidding... I have been fighting that ever since I started looking into bitcoin.  
No matter how much hashpower the network has, the risk of a mining majority abusing their power remains the same.  The top 4 Chinese pools now have nearly 60% of the hashpower; the top 5 pools have over 70%.
*That* is a huge weak spot in bitcoin's security, especially for those who dream to use bitcoin for large international settlements.  That is what my "Chinese technician" was alluding to.


As I wrote (and the OP too) a ~50% drop in the hashrate is the most likely outcome, probably with bad consequences for the image of bitcoin, and hence its price.  That does not bother me, of course.  (In fact, I think that a 99.9% drop in the price, and consequently in the hashrate, is the only hope to save the bitcoin project.) 
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:27:53


The average transaction recently has been about 550 bytes.  That is a more meanigful number to use when estimating capacity and  traffic volume in bytes.


Full blocks do not cause backlogs, quite the opposite.  It is *empty* blocks (or, more generally, blocks that fail to include as many transactions as they could) that may create backlogs.  
But it is more correct to say that backlogs result when the total size of the transactions issued in the interval between two blocks exceeds the size of the next mined block.  
A persistent backlog (a "traffic jam") results when this condition lasts over several consecutive blocks; that is, when the input traffic T (transaction bytes issued per second) exceeds the effective network capacity C (bytes added to the blockchain per second) when both are averaged over several tens of minutes.  


Rather: for bitcoin to be minimally usable, backlogs must be rare and must clear quickly, so that the average wait time W for 1-confirmation remains 10 minutes, with exponential distribution.  This is still too long when compared to centralized systems, but it is the best one can hope for with the basic protocol design and parameters.  (Once a transaction got 1 confirmation, the average time for each additional confirmation is 10 minutes, independently of the incoming traffic, block size, or other queue policy details.)
Once a backlog forms, the average time  W for 1-confirmation explodes.  Its value will depend on how the difference T - C evolves in the future.  The backlog will continue growing while T &gt; C, at the rate T- C, and will start to decrease only when T &lt; C, at the rate C - T.   Even small percentual variations in T will result in large percentual variations in T - C, and may even change T - C from positive to negative.  For this reason, when there is a backlog the average wait time W is quite unpredictable, even by reference to previosus traffic jams.  
Moreover, the average wait time W will not depend on the order in which transactions are processed by miners; it depends only on the amount T of transaction bytes that clients issue per second and the amount C that they process per second.  In particular, the average wait W is not significantly affected by the fees that clients choose to pay, or by their use of fee-tweaking tools like RBF or CPFP.   Fees can only change the order in which transactions are processed; but every time that a transaction jumps the queue to get into some future block, some other transaction will be pushed out from it to some later block.  (The only effect that higher fees can have on W is by encouraging miners to output larger blocks than they would with minimal fees.  This should be discussed in more detail.)
Therefore, as in any other kind of network (roads, sewers, telephones, cash registers, ...) over-saturation of the bitcoin network must be avoided at all costs.  A network with T &gt; C, even if only during peak hours, is a broken network.  A network administrator who lets that happen by negligence of bad judgement is an incompetetnt administrator.  Someonw who *wants* to see that happen is an attacker, and should not be allowed to work on the network.
The design and implementation of the bitcoin protocol always assumed that the network would operate well below saturation, so that *every* transaction issued would be included in the next block, except for propagation and other accidental delays.  In that regime, the transaction fee will have no effect on the waiting time *of individual transactions* as well as on the overall average wait W.
In order keep T almost always below C, **it is not necessary to have infinite C**: it suffices to have C somewhat larger than the peaks of T, so that the probability of T exceeding C for more than a few minutes is very small.  That also ensures that any eventual backlog, that may appear after an exceptional surge in T, will be quickly cleared once T returns to the normal level.


Clients may *like* zero or insignificant fees, but this wish is nowhere as important as having small and predictable wait time W.  Avoiding saturation is essential. Subsidizing the service for banal uses is not.
Indeed, one way to keep T well below C is to reduce T by raising the minimum fee.  A fee of 15-25 US cents per transaction (still considerably less than the true cost of the network) would probably cut 70-90% of the traffic T.
(This option is absolutely *not* equivalent to limiting C and letting a "fee market" to develop.  Indeed it is a way to *avoid* this situation, which would be disatrous for bitcoin, as explained above.  Any mechanism for this purpose must discourage clients to use the network, not penalize them after they have chosen to use it.)
EDIT: W depends only on T --&gt; depends only on T and C
@_date: 2015-08-17 01:30:15
Well, then, there is never consensus, is there?
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:49:23
The why don't *you* tell us how Greg and co. intended to accomodate a growing user base with 1 MB blocks, before the LN came along?
@_date: 2015-08-17 00:04:21
I am serious.  Why do you think that the price will remain at the peak level after large buy by a single buyer?  
Most bitcoins are now held by long-term holders.  Perhaps a couple million bitcoins are in the hands of people who bought them after Nov/2013, for a lot more than 300 USD/BTC, and are holding only in the hope of a new rally when they will be able to sell without realizing a huge loss.  An impulse buy by a single person would merely move those coins from some of those holders to that new holder.  What else would change?
If bitcoin's price was grounded on fundamentals, like the stock of a solid company,  what I described would be the expected behavior: after a "crazy" buy (or sell), without any rumor or news to justify it, the price promptly returns to the previous level.   Bitcoin's price is not grounded on fundamentals, but but even so a "crazy" isolated buy or sell seems to leave most traders wary to follow. 
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:17:10


Bitcoin was designed and implemented with a specific goal: allow ***peer-to-peer payments over the internet without the need for a trusted third party***.  
Having more use cases of such *payments* is good.  
Uses that are not such payments are not good, if they get in the way of payments.  
In any case, bitcoin is probably ill-suited for uses that are not such payments, because it was not designed for them.  Such uses should design and implement their own blockchain, or whatever would be best for tgem.
@_date: 2015-08-17 13:46:13
Until the end of the year, the two software versions are equivalent.  In december, check which version has the most mining power, and make sure your wallet is compatible with it.  Then you will not have to worry.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:44:18
By the way, if the proposal is submittled, keep in mind that the UNICODE committee does not want to know whether bitcoin is gold or dung, but only whether the symbol has seen sufficient use IN TEXT to warrant a code point.  Uses of the symbol as a logo do not count.  Uses in prestigious non-bitcoin sources (newspapers, print magazines, scholarly articles) count more than blogs or pamphlets by bitcoiners and bitcoin-related entities.  Quantity of use is important as well as quality.
@_date: 2015-08-28 20:57:09
Well... Although I am quite skeptical about bitcoin's chances of mainstream success, and I hope that the invesment pyramid will collapse as soon as possible, I would actually like to see the bitcoin experiment to go on working, for the purpose that it was created for...
@_date: 2015-08-12 19:08:22
There is a mechanism that miners can use to express their agreement/preference for 8 MB sizeliit and/or the BitcoinXT implementation.  There is no mechanism for voting by the general community, and apparently not much interest in such thing.  Instead there are public statements by exchanges and other major bitcoin players, for or against the increase and/or switching to BitcoinXT.  
However, the current version of BitcoinXT stil does not have the code that will raise the block size limit at some point in the future. (Unless that code is in the version that was just released.)
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:54:41
I must have missed your BIP666 - "Make bitcoin unusable for peer-to-peer payments and turn it into the settlement system for an overlay network based on trusted third parties".
@_date: 2015-08-05 12:18:38
I was not referring to the paper, only to Gavin's message.  But obviously the pool must discard one of the two blocks in that case.  
@_date: 2015-08-12 16:38:49
Obviously you don't know what "socialism" means...
@_date: 2015-08-02 02:14:33
Willy was *connected* to the 2013 rallies but I doubt very much that it was their cause.  There is substantial evidence that the Nov/2013 rally, at least, was due to demand in Mainland China, as an army of amateur commodity speculators discovered bitcoin.  For one thing, the crash of Dec/2013 was obviously due to the Chinese central bank (PBoC) crackdown: if the rally had been created outside China, why would that China-only event have that much impact?
My best guess is that Willy was run by someone who tried to profit from the Chinese rally, by buying BTC from MtGOX clients using non-existent money, withdrawing them, and selling them in China.  So it did not create the rally, but only "imported" it to MtGOX.
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:04:08
That is actually only two in the small-block camp -- Blockstream and Viacoin -- and three on the big-block camp.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-11 14:25:18
The idea is that by limiting the block size to 1 MB, the number of transactions per day will be limited to perhaps 50% more than the present level.  That means the user base of the bitcoin network itself will stop growing.  User ahd traffic growth would have to happen off the blockchain: theough services like Coinbase or Circle, or some future "overlay network".
@_date: 2015-08-05 01:06:31


Yes, I know that solution.  Like the Captain defeating a sailors mutiny by taking off in a small boat and declaring it to be the real ship.
Do you realize that such a move would not only prevent the "bad" 70% miners from using their ASICs to mine the Rebel chain, but also the 30% "good" miners -- who then would be forced to join the cartel?
Do you realize that such a move will require a hard fork, and so the Rebels would have to convince all biitcoiners to download a different software anyway, and switch to a cryptocoin that is secured by a puny CPU-only network, rather than another one that is secured by the whole 400 PH/s network?
Do you realize that every bitcoiners, even the heroes who will create such a Rebel chain, will start off with the same number of coins in both chains -- so that every smart client,even the heroes, will download both versions, and trade both as he will see more profitable?
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:27:08
The bitcoin protocol *cannot* have "guardians of the blockchain" who decide which miners are "good" and which are "bad".  Each client is supposed to accept as "the" blockchain the valid branch that he knows about that has the more work in it.  The relay nodes are supposed to do that and pass that branch to others.  Anyone who is using some other criterion is not  following the protocol.
@_date: 2015-08-15 13:39:38
PS. By the way, even if the sidechain tokens were formally backed by the imported bitcoin, their market price would not necessarily track the pric eof bitcoin.  See for example the shares of the BIT fund (GBTX) that were  trading at 10-20% above the market price of the underlying BTC.  
If a sidechain provided much faster confirmation time, for example, the USD price of its tokens could be much higher than the price of the nominal equivalent in BTC.
@_date: 2015-08-29 16:00:50


You missed the point: if the LN is to execute only 1 ordinary blockchain transaction for every 100 payments through the LN, as its proponents claim, then each payment channel must be used for 100 payments, on the average -- since it takes at least one blockchain transaction to create the channel, or add coins to it.  (Actually it seems to require 2 tx, and Adam claimed an onchain:offchain ratio of 1:10000.).  So the timeout of the LN payment channels must be long enough to cover 100 payments through that channel, on average.


The reason is the one above:  the LN cannot allow/require/expect that Alice will create a payment channel for each payment, or add coins to her hub channel before each payment through it.  She must create one channel to some hub for each 100 payments, and lock in advance enough coins in that channel to cover all those payments.
@_date: 2015-08-14 00:19:00
I believe that on page 3 of the Compleat Scammers Handbooke it says "After your exit scam, keep sending promises to your victims. That will keep them from calling the police and buy you days or weeks of time to erase your tracks.  Often, the drawn-out series of alternating hopes and disappointments will leave them so weary, disgusted, and embarassed, that they will rather forget the loss and not call the police at all."
@_date: 2015-08-15 11:16:21
But, how many times should the peg be executed, before the altcoin can be called a sidechain?
@_date: 2015-08-16 13:13:02


Any change on the hashing function would have to be a hard fork.  And the current protocol does not care about joules: miners have ASICs with varying energy efficiency, so it can easily happen that the branch with fewer joules wins.
@_date: 2015-08-17 13:41:07
OK, perhaps they too will leave bitcoin.  But is it easy to buy such altcoins in the US?
@_date: 2015-08-17 08:49:54


No, it was not that. A centralized service (like mPesa) would be more adequate for that.  
Moreover, eventually the miners will have to be supported by fees.  Right now, the fee would have to be 4 $/tx, or 2% of the moved value, or some combination of the two.  Bitcoin is not yet relevant for the very poor, and will not be for many years.
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:40:44


No, here downvotes mean that readers don't like what you say.  It does not matter whether it is true or false.  
@_date: 2015-08-09 01:40:23
That is it, thanks!
@_date: 2015-08-29 17:11:33
Oops, sorry, I forgot where I was.  Sorry sorry sorry sorry!
@_date: 2015-08-07 03:40:44
The first two claims are often expressed by various people in various degrees and with various meanings.  
The third one was explained by developers themselves.  Namely, there is no document that defines precisely what the bitcoin protocol is.  The only definition is the BitcoinCore code itself: a block is valid if, and only if, that program says it is valid.  
Therefore, any independent implementation of bitcoin must agree completely with BitcoinCore about which blocks are valid.  But it is very difficult to make sure that two programs of that complexity do exactly the same thing.  If there is even a tiny discrepancy, an adversary could exploit it to make a block that is valid for one program but not for the other.  The coin would then split in two.  In conclusion, there should be only one implementation...
@_date: 2015-08-05 05:21:28


They won't get anything if they don't cooperate with the cartel.  If they cooperate, the cartel may let them mine normally. 
Of course a majority cartel could also starve all other miners first.  Or do many other nasty things.


For that type of action, the cartel would not need or want to announce openly; it would just orphan any block that moved the blacklisted coins.  It could split its hashpower into many small apparently independent miners, so that it would be impossible to just isolate them. 


Sure, half a dozen rebel developers could post a modified version of the software and start mining another branch, with their CPUs.  Do you really believe that many clients would follow them, and give up on the coins that they have in the cartel's chain?  The guys who  use bitcoin to buy drugs or pay for hotels?  The Chinese day-traders, for whom bitcoin is just a gambling tool?


There is no social contract.  
There is only a public protocol, and it says that THE blockchain is the blockchain that satisfies certain rules and has the most proven work.  
That implies that a colluding cartel with majority of the hashpower can block transactions, starve the minority, impose any fees that they like, etc..  That is bitcoin.  
To keep bitcoin working as it was supposed to work, mining should be so dispersed that such a collusion would be impossible.  As it is now, bitcoin is technically dead, because everybody must trust that the miners will not misbehave.  But of course no one wants to admit that, and they invent excuses so that they can go one pretending that everything is fine.  That is what they will  do if the miners actually *do* something bad: find an excuse and pretend that everything is still fine.
Perhaps you meant by "social contract" the goals for which Bitcoin was designed and implemented.  The goal was to enable peer-to-peer payments without having to use a trusted third party.  That goal has been totally perverted when people started to hoard bitcoin as investment, and made its price rise to 1000 x what it should be...
@_date: 2015-08-12 19:01:42
A federal law says that you must have State licenses in the States that require them.  So if you fail to get a required State license, you are violating Federal law, and can be charged/fined/whatever at the federal level.
@_date: 2015-08-12 05:39:57


Give me an example of an *intentionally* saturated network where saturation is good.


That seems to be the reason why the Core devs still have some support: many people do not realize that a good hacker (in the classical sense) does not make a good project manager -- in fact, they are opposite in several senses.  
@_date: 2015-08-17 10:06:24
It has grown 100% in the last 12 months: from ~60'000 tx/day to ~120'000 tx/day (excluding the "stress tests").   That is about 5000 tx/day per month, of almost linear growth.
The max network capacity, with 1 MB block size limit, is ~750 kB/block or ~200'000 tx/day (verified in the recent stress tests).  
The incoming traffic is not constant: it has a weekly pulse, and a daily one.  Therefore, traffic jams at the peak hours and days should become recurrent well before the average traffic reaches the capacity; perhaps as soon as 80% congestion, i.e 160'000 tx/day.  At the present constant rate of growth, that woudl happen in about 8 months.  
The start, size and duration of the jams will be rather unpredictable.  The average wait W for the first confirmation is normally ~10 minutes, when there is no jam -- even for transacions with minimim fees.  For transactions issued during a jam, W will shoot up, and will probably be several hours -- independently of the fees. (For every client who can get his transaction into an earlier block by raising the fee, one or more clients will find their transactions bumped to the next block, in spite of their fees.)  Therefore, many clients will pay a lot more, only to wait a lot longer.  
The traffic will then stop growing: for every new bitcoin adopter, some other bitcoiner will give up bitcoin -- not so much for the high fees, but for the long and unpredictable delays.  Only clients who really need bitcoin -- drug addicts, ransomware victims, thieves and scammers -- will persist using it.
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:28:57
Bitcoin so far may have saved its users some 5 million dollars in bank fees, but moved more than a billion dollars (much more) from the pockets of dumb/unlucky investors and speculators to the pockets of smart/lucky ones.  ***That*** is the main reason why the VC investors have put half a billion dollars into bitcoin startups.
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:52:39
According to the sidechains whitepaper (footnote 6), a sidechain can have its own tokens not pegged to bitcoin.  
It seems impossible to impose any constraints on what sidechains can do, since they are supposed to be designed, implemented, and maintained by independent teams.  No matter what the bitcoin developers might require, the implementation of a sidechain can  have bugs that cause it to violate those requirements.  
The only condition that the bitcoin developers can meaningfully require is that the sidechain should not mess up the bitcoin blockchain and network. e.g. by double-spending bitcoins or creating bitcoins out of nothing.  But that condition is ensured by the bitcoin network, not by the sidechain.
@_date: 2015-08-10 17:18:31


I cannot be sure about the meaning of the word in Wikipedia or in bitcoin, because it was never defined.  I cannot even be sure that it is the same meaning.  
However, in both cases it seems to be clearly constrasted with "democracy" (meaning voting by the whole community).  
"Proof": the Core devs do not seem willing to take a poll of the opinion of the major players about the size limit issue, and post the results.  (Gavin apparently did something of the sort, but was accused of subversion or something of the sort.)
@_date: 2015-08-17 15:00:10
OK, then it is not using Coinbase but using the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:54:13
UNICODE is supposed to have only characters used IN RUNNING TEXT -- not logos.
@_date: 2015-08-02 10:41:27
The problem -- how to sustain the mining industry as the block reward shrinks -- has no easy solution.  At least, not one that the community will voluntarily choose.
The root of the problem is that the price of bitcoin is probably 1000 times higher than it should be, given bitcoin's actual usage.  
When Satoshi defined the block reward schedule, he could not have any idea of what the price would be.  The purpose of the block reward was to put the coins in circulation, although he counted on it and on transaction fees to provide an incentive for clients to do mining.  The total number of atomic unts was limited to 2^51 for software engineering reasons, and the parameters of the block reward schedule (initial reward and halving period) were chosen so as to put half the coins out in four years.  
However, implicit in that choice was the assumption that the price (and usage) would not grow much faster than that.  Assuming the value of the coins at the time was proportional to the cost of creating them, the price at the time should have been less than 1 cent.  Then today the price should have been only twice as much, or still only a few cents.  
If the price had remained at those levels, clients would maybe see mining as a handy alternative to buying the bitcoins that they needed; but the total block reward given out to all miners would be a couple hundred dollars per day at most.  That would not be sufficient to justified acquiring equipment just for mining bitcoins, not even a powerful GPU card.
Unfortnately, speculation (with some help from the drug trade) pushed the price up by a factor of ~10 every year,  instead of doubling every 4 years.  That made mining into an industry that, in spite of the recent drop, still collects 1 million dollars per day.  
Actual usage also grew, but not as fast, and now it is still insufficient to justify the cost of mining.   The estimates of 8 USD per transaction, or 2% on transaction value, are still too modest, because they assume that all the 120'000 tx and 50 M USD that move every day on the blockchain are actual payments.  But there is evidence that maybe 90% of it is either housekeeping (people moving their coins between their wallets, for any of many reasons) or "frivolous" uses like gambling, that would not exist if transactions were not nearly free.  Even the hypothetical 10% that are "payments" -- coins changing owner in exchange for goods or services -- probably include many payments that are done in bitcoin only for ideological reasons, not because it is objectively the best choice.
If those factors are taken into account, the cost of the network comes out as more than 80 USD per payment, or more than 20% of the value paid.  So there is no way that the current mining industry can be paid by the users who benefit from it.  Not even close.


Compared to other payment methods, bitcoin has very few advantages, and many disadvantages.  It will never replace cash, credit cards, PayPal, bank wires, etc.. (And it was not meant to; it says so even in Satoshi's paper.)  Its usage will be limited to those cases where its unique features are necessary, or save a lot of money, and override its risk and inconvenience.  (The lack of a charge-back mechanism is a disadvantage, not an advantage, for most legal commerce.)  For those uses, any fee under 1.00 USD or 1% of the value may be acceptable.  However, at present levels of usage, that may be only 1% of the  revenue that the mining industry collects from block rewards.  
To be economically sound and sustainable, the price of bitcoin should drop to single digit or less; which will mean the collapse of the mining industry and a 99% drop in the hash rate.  Obviously, that "solution" will never be adopted voluntarily by the community.
@_date: 2015-08-16 12:30:46


I really hope the "millionaire-making" bitcoin fails, the sooner the better.   Most of the other "bitcoins" are either tied to it, or are naive illusions. I could admire the original "p2p" bitcoin, if it had not been nearly buried under those other bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:39:16


Actually, to some extent it is.  For example, here (Brazil), chemical supply stroes will selll chemical reagents only to registered commercial companies or to university researchers with offciial research projects; and the shop is required to verify that.
@_date: 2015-08-11 15:43:45
For a while, yes, the average daily incoming traffic may exceed the capacity of the network.  
However, while that happens there will be a permanent "traffic jam" with a ***constantly growing*** backlog of unconfirmed transactions, and only a fraction of them will be confirmed -- no matter what the clients do with the fees.  
This situation cannot go on for a long time.  Users who see their transactions tsit in the queue for days and then be dropped on the floor will give up on bitcoin, or on some uses of it.  
These defections will continue until the *average* income daily traffic is somewhat below the capacity (say, 70-80%), and the users who are left are those who tolerate the recurrent temporary traffic jams during peak hours, when transactions may be delayed "only" for several hours.
So, 1 MB blocks will definitely limit the *rate* of growth of the blockchain to maybe 50% more than today's rate.   The problem is what that means for the usability of bitcoin, and its prospects for the future.
@_date: 2015-08-09 08:19:22


That should lift the price, not depress it, right?


That may be it; but perhaps more for the trader's perception of the public's perception of the future of the coin, rather than Bitfinex's move per se.
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:39:17


And that is one good reason why this message cannot be his...
@_date: 2015-08-17 09:27:34


Actually "peer-to-peer payments without the need for a trusted intermediary".  It relied of course on intermediaries -- relay nodes, miners, and internet providers -- but clients not have to trust them in order to get their payments processed, and check that they were.  That, assuming that mining would remain widely decentralized.  
@_date: 2015-08-10 03:00:46
Well, the explanation above (hat I read somewhere in this reddit, but cannot find now) was by someone who apparently understood the law and could un-mangle the press reports.  
He explained that the judge was referring to the difference between an *identifiable* individual property left in the bankrupt company's premises (like the car in the mechanics shop, in my example above) and a *fungible* asset (like cash that someone may have lent to the shop, and was found in its safe).  
Being fungible, *for the purposes of that lawsuit*, the bitcoins found in MtGOX wallets could not be considered personal property of the plaintiff, but simply part of the spoils of MtGOX, to be divided among all creditors.  
(Dollar bills could also be traced.  If the person lending some cash to the mechanics shop had recorded their serial numbers, he could claim that *those* bills found in the safe were *his* bills. But, even so, a bankrupcy court would have ruled that those bills were no longer his, because cash is to be considered fungible by law and precedent.)
@_date: 2015-08-12 06:56:00
Sure, sidechains can be implemented; but could they solve the scalability problem? IIRC, when Elements was released, one of the Core devs (Peter Todd, perhaps) admitted that they would not.
@_date: 2015-08-10 19:39:31
Does it recommend keeping a backup copy of your wallet in Dropbox?  Encrypted at least, I hope?
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:08:37
One more remark:
+ I gather that some (if not most) miners now practice what could be called "hash stealing".  They register incognito as members of competing open pools.  When one of those pools solves a block B(N), it tells all its members to start mining block B(N+1), even before B(N) has made it out to the network.  To do that, the pool has to provide its members with the hash of B(N).  Thus the other miners can get that hash too, and start mining an empty B(N+1) even before they can get the header of B(N) through the normal channels.




@_date: 2015-08-04 13:42:37
Good work!  
Some remarks after a quick skimming:
+ IIUC, you assume that the goal of a "spam attack" is to force the miners to create huge blocks.  Is that correct?  But a "spam attack" may instead aim to delay ordinary traffic by offering enough bogus transactions with high enough fees, so that the miners will rather take those and leave the legitimate ones out for fear of being orphaned.   Do you cover that too?
+ The problem with the concept of a "fee market  is that it will not be a market, but a sealed-bid auction.  You are supposed to choose the fee that will provide your desired expected confirmation time.  However, that number depends on information that you will not have at the time: namely, how many transactions will be added to the queue in the next 10 minutes, and what will be their fees.  This information cannot be extrapolated form past behavior, because the incoming tx rate has large unpredictable fluctuations and because those other fees will be chosen by clients who want to get ahead of you.  There cannot be an algorithm to predict the right fee, for the same reason that there is no algorithm to choose the right bid at a sealed-bid auction.
+ Ideally, the network should be operated below saturation: that is, so that the best strategy for every miner will be to take all the transactions from the queue into his next block.  That would ensure that the expected wait time for 1-conf is only a little more than 10 minutes.   If the miners choose to take less than the full queue, a backlog will start to form, and the expected waiting time will be unpredictable -- hours, maybe days.  So one should *not* want a fee market to develop.  The analysis should be used instead to determine what is a minimum fee that, given the current average traffic and its variations,  will induce the miners to always empty the queue.  
@_date: 2015-08-17 00:56:47
Objectively, there is no such thing as 'consensus'.  The only objective measure is how many players are running each version of the software.  
@_date: 2015-08-14 11:29:38


Not necessarily.  If incompatibility is not explicitly programmed in, (a) many transactions will be valid for both chains, (b) the two versions of the software will want to read and write the same wallet file, and (c) the big-block version of the software will think that the branch that has only small blocks is valid, and will switch to it if it grows longer than the branch that starts off with a big block.
The big-block version can avoid (c) by requiring the proper version stamp on every block after the critical block number.  However, it seems that the general notion of how a "hard fork" is implemented does nothing about (a) and (b).  Many people even seem to think that (a) is a good thing, apparently believing that it would let lazy clients to ignore the fork; and Mircea even threatened to translate and re-issue other people transactions if they were made incompatible.  
I believe that, in forks (or software upgrades in general), safety is more important than client convenience, or public image.  The devs seem to like soft forks because they (allegedly) allow protocol changes to slip in without most clients being aware.  I think that the risks of that are unacceptable, and when things go wrong the PR disaster is much worse than announcing the change and requiring clients to upgrade.  See the BIP66 fork.
As for (a) or (b), I think that a hard fork should avoid them at all costs; and the measure against (a) should prevent "bad samaritans" like Mircea from re-issuing other people's transactions for a different branch.  Then each client can operate on both branches independently, even at the same time, by running the proper version of the software.
  
@_date: 2015-08-29 16:45:51
That is why the transaction fee should be charged only for outputs, not for inputs.  A business should not charge the customer for actions that were not under his control.  
(Note that every input was an output exactly once, so even if inputs are "free", there cannot be freeloading.
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:49:39


Are there any? I mean, using bitcoin to pay for online things? 
A decree in Dec/2013 or Jan/2014 prohibited online merchants from accepting bitcoins or quoting prices in bitcoin. Has that decree been eased or reversed?
@_date: 2015-08-04 10:42:59
That is what bitcoiners *wish* was true.  But suppose that 70% of the miners decide to freeze your coins and block all your transactions.  (You know that they can do that, right?) What would you do? 
@_date: 2015-08-01 00:58:22
Someone who has only off-chain bitcoins is not really a bitcoin user.   
@_date: 2015-08-04 03:08:28


Well, if you had followed the news in the 6-8 months after the all-time high, you would know that the Chinese government did just that.  With a couple of decrees, the govenment banned use of bitcoin in e-commerce and finance, prohibited the exchanges from marketing bitcoin, and restricted their access to banks.  The gov could have easily closed the exchanges, but with those measures it reduced bitcoin to (a) a gambling game played by day-traders inside the exchanges, with no economic effect outside them, plus (b) a mining hardware industry that exports millions of dollars worth of equipment, and (c) a mining industry that exports millions of dollars worth of bitcoins.  


Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme because people are induced to invest in the hope of fatastic returns, unaware that the ***only*** source where such returns may come from is the money invested by future new adopters.  
In fact, it is a stupid kind of pyramid, because a good part of the money that the new investors put into the system goes to the miners and will never come back.  Therefore, in order for every investor to get back his money, even with zero profit,  the price will have to keep increasing, and the future investors will have to put every increasing amounts of money into the system. 
All the past bubbles have been created by people putting more money into the system.  There is no way of computing exactly howmuch money people have invested into bitcoin and have not got back yet, but it is at least 400 million dollars, and may be more than 15 billion, depending on when each bitcoin was bought by its current owner.   To satisfy the expectations of current holders, other people must be convinced to invest betwen 400 million and 15 billion dollars in bitcoin, plus the 1 million dollars per day that for the miners; and these new investors then will have to hope on even bigger sums to be invested by other people still.  
Obviously this cannot go on forever.  It worked so far because there were several markets that invested increasing amounts of money in bitcoin, for various reasons: the drug users and dealers, then the American speculators like the Winklevosses and Andreessen, then the Chinese amateur traders.  Each of those investors either recovered their money from the next wave, or is still holding, hoping to get more money.  To  return their money, even with no profit, there needs to arise a new market even bigger than the Chinese one.  Where will that market be?  
Maybe there will be one or more additional bubbles that will push the price even higher than the previous ones; I don know.  But obviously this cannot continue forever.  The longer it keeps going, the bigger will be the loss of the holders at the time.


There are productive investments and non-productive ones.  With a productive investment, you postpone the consumption of your earning and instead buy something that produces actual wealth: goods or services that make the world richer.  When you invest in shares of a good company, for example, you are buying a slice of it, and therefore a slice of all the goods and services that it will make, and therefore a slice of the profits that it will make from selling those things to consumers.  Same if you buy a tool or vehicle for your work, a house for renting, etc..
With a non-productive investment, you become owner of something that just sits there, without creating any real wealth -- perhaps a material thing like gold, perhaps just a virtual construct, like a penny stock or a cryptocoin.  Your hope of making a profit lies entirely on speculation:  finding someone who will buy it from you for more than you paid.  But, since the thing does not produce any wealth, that will be a "zero sum game": any profit that someone makes by speculating will come from someone else's loss.  Such investments are inherently pyramid schemes.
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:13:30
Why is this thread being downvoted?  It could save someone from falling into that trap.
@_date: 2015-08-10 02:13:32
Sorry if I was not clear.  The test you propose will not be meaningful because any altcoin would have a network vastly different from bitcoin.  Just consider the huge industrial Bitcoin mines in China, for example: no altcoin has anything like that.  
The bad effects that the Blockstream devs claim for a 2 MB limit are subtle advantages that would be given to some miners located on one side of China's great firewall, or to more full nodes converting to SPV clients because of increased network bandwidth load.  These concerns will not apply to any other cryptocoin; not even to the Bitcoin "test" network that is used to test new versions of the sofware.
Also, the effect of 2 MB block limit on spam attacks are very easy to predict: it would make attacks 3-4 times more expensive for the attacker, and would clean up their effects 3-4 times faster.   The vulnerability of the current bitcoin network to spam attacks is a strong argument for increasing the block size limit.
The disadvantages of raising the block size limit are supposed to appear when the *normal* traffic rises beyond 150'000 - 180'000 tx/day (currently 120'000 tx/day, increasing 5000 tx/day every month).  Which is also when traffic jams will start to occur -- which are another strong argument for raising the block size limit.
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:44:14
I suppose you know about [this bitcointalk thread](  However, it has a rather hight threshold and seems to have been abandoned for many months.
If one included every involuntary loss of bitcoins (including theft, address spoofing, ransom, swindles, etc.), the list would surely have many thousands of entries.  
@_date: 2015-08-10 19:51:07
Beware of [this bug](
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:16:28


Separating the specification from the implementation is the only way to get a real broad consensus about a protocol. Any implementation is only the "consensus" of half a dozen developers.   Besides HTML, check the old internet RFCs, or the IEEE floating-point definition, to see how a protocol definition should be.  


That misses the point.  In both cases, but especially in the 2010 one, the *official* Core version was declared to be buggy -- because a certain set of people agreed that the protocol should *not* be what the current BitcoinCore did.  
Sorry, but defining the bitcoin protocol to be whatever your implementation does is just bad software engineering. 
It is mid-boggling that a protocol that "handles assets worth billions of dollars" is defined only by a bloated C++ implementation -- maintaned by one company, that of course will not be responsible for any losses...
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:32:35


Smart holders would sell him maybe 2 million BTC at 5'000 USD/BTC average.  Dumber holders woudl hold tight.  Some idiots will sell their cars to buy 10 BTC during that rally.  Then the price would crash, and Branson and the idiots would become the new bag-holders.
@_date: 2015-08-10 02:33:37
No, you are using Coinbase, not bitcoin.  Bitcoin was supposed to allow you to make direct peer-to-peer payments through the internet ***without the need for a trusted intermediary***.  The moment you deposit your dollars at Coinbase, they become an intermediary that you must trust.
Besides, if you deposit dollars at Coinbase, buy bitcoin at Coinbase, and tell them to pay "with bitcoin" to some merchant in Europe who is affiliated with Coinbase and only accepts euros, there may not even be any actual USD-&gt;BTC and BTC-&gt;EUR conversions.  Coinbase can just pay the merchant from their EUR reserves and later, if needed, convert the USD to EUR and send it to Europe by any method, bank or bitcoin.  Even if they do convert to BTC along the way, they can do it only in their internal ledgers.
@_date: 2015-08-07 11:05:11
The screenshot seems clear to me: your TOR exit node has been used to abuse the system, so it is blacklisted. 
Here is what bitcointalk says of you:
    Position: Brand new
    Date Registered: 2015-07-16, 15:55:03
    Last Active: Today at 10:25:55
    Security log: 2015-07-24, 06:25:44 - grnqrtr - password reset via email
So it seems that you *are* able to access the forum normally.  What is the *real* story?
@_date: 2015-08-04 02:15:04
The [hashrate is stagnating]( in relative terms.
There seem to be three plateaus in that graph: 
(a) 2009-01 to 2009-11
(b) 2011-07 to 2012-12
(c) 2014-10 to present
It would be tempting to identify (a) with the "CPU Mining Era",  (b) with the "GPU Mining Era", and (c) with the "ASIC Mining Era".  The last 6 months or so of (b) could have been the "FPGA Mining Era".   
It seems to make sense that, for each technology, the hashrate grows fast while a new technology is being adopted, but stops growing when every miner is using it.
However, the other main factor that affects the hashrate is the price of bitcoin.  The (c) plateau, in particular, may be moostly due to the 18 months of dropping price.
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:43:34
Does anyone know the basic specs -- power consumption, hashrate, and area -- of their chips (any version)?
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:52:47


Those may be Mike's and Jeff's arguments, but it is not necessary to to believe any of them to conclude that the block size must be increased.  It suffices to note the fact that the traffic T (in daily or weekly average), *is* growing, and is already too close to the effective network capacity C.  Moreover, the clearance C - T is so small that a 200 MB backlog can be created by anyone willing to spend 5000 USD, and will take a week to clear, with unmeasured but significant inconvenience to normal clients. 
***Independently of ones's idea of what bitcoin should be, the project will fail if T gets so close to C that traffic jams become a recurrent feature.  Not because traffic jams will force clients to pay higher fees, but because the wait times will shoot up, and become unpredictable.  No fee-adjusting gadgets will help with this problem.*** Raising the block size limit -- the only parameter that is limiting C now -- should have been a no-brainer, no-fuss decision (as Satoshi himself viewed it in 2010).  
(In fact, none of the points (1)--(5) was a goal of bitcoin.  Its goal does not *require* the user base to grow.  Rather, the designer assumed -- or, rather, hoped -- that there would be no artificial barriers to its use; i.e. that the network capacity would be sufficient to accomodate the natural demand for its intended use, whatever that demand would be. But that is another issue.)
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:51:11
Actually no: money in the bank is owned by the bank.  Clients have only a contractual promise by the bank that they can get a certain amount of money back -- apart from specific rules, dates, hours, fees, laws, etc.
@_date: 2015-08-21 05:01:41


I gather that there is already a video streaming service (streamium) that uses payment channels for pay-as-you-watch.
There seems to be [a small prototype for the LN]( although Joseph Poon asked the author to change the name because it is misleading.
@_date: 2015-08-07 12:08:11


@_date: 2015-08-28 19:53:24
If an asteroid filled with gold hit the Earth, bitcoin would be worthless, together with much other stuff.
@_date: 2015-08-02 08:54:14


You are thinking like a hacker, whose notion of "acting" is sitting at home, typing things into his terminal that may exploit some flaw of someone else's system.
Hint 3: the cartel would announce their intentions months in advance, and post their modified version of the software for people to download.  (And buy endorsements from some popular experts, who would reassure the community that the change is neeeded to preserve the strength and value of bitcoin, etc..) 
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:33:09
The USD volume of the transactions hasn't increased either.  The 100% increase in transactions per day seen over the last year must be spam.  Or fake traffic that someone is pumping out to give the illusion of increasing adoption.
@_date: 2015-08-21 04:00:05
As for the LN, if it is going to let bitcoin scale to hundreds of millions of users, it will have to achieve a ratio of off-chain to on-chain payments of 100:1 or more.  That means that consumers will have to lock up enough coins to cover their payments for several months; and will not be able to close their "accounts" (payment channels to hubs) until that deadline, unless the hub agrees to close the channel.  This cannot be a frequent occurrence, otherwise the 100:1 ratio will not be maintained; therefore the hub must charge a high fee for that.
If a hub connects 1000 consumers to 100 merchants, and each consumer locks 10 BTC for 3 months in the upgoing channels, the hub may eventually have to send 10'000 BTC to the merchants, which they will want to collect well before the 3 months.  How much should the hub lock up in the downchannel to each merchant?  The hub cannot use the customers' coins, which are locked; so the hub will have to use its own coins to pay the merchants, or borrow from some "bitcoin bank". 
The LN cannot start small and grow by attracting clients gradually.  If only 50% of the bitcoiners are LN users, they will have to close and reopen channels all the time in order to pay non-users.  Then the LN will generate *more* on-chain traffic than those people would generate if they did not use the LN at all.
Hubs will be large and immobile, therefore they will have to be licensed and comply with AML/KYC rules.  Merchants will not want to create and manage payment channels directly from consumers, so each merchant will receive payments only through one or two specific hubs.   If the hub that Starbucks uses thinks that you are overweight, it may block the payment for your frappucino. 
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:36:02
Actually the count of core devs is 3 for bigger blocks (Gavin, Hearn, Garzik) and 2 against (Blockstream and Viacoin).  8D
@_date: 2015-08-10 13:02:29


What exactly do you understand by "complete consensus"?  (There will always be someone who disagrees with any proposal...)
@_date: 2015-08-01 13:16:24
Were there any special or privileged clients who dealt directly with Mark, instead of going through  standard customer support?
@_date: 2015-08-05 00:45:10
Basically he announced "t0.com" (tee-zero), a registry for asset ownership that uses ~~the~~ some blockchain to record ownership of stocks and similar things.  He claims it will give shareholders actual ownership of the shares, and contrasted it with the current system, under which a shareholder does not actually own a share of the company, but only has an IOU from a privileged company that actually owns all the shares. 
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:55:29
I agree that the investors have no grounds to sue him.  
The arrest warrant was for some 30'000 euros (IIRC) that he collected from some Cypriots, for the private sale of bitcoins that were never delivered.  But maybe he delivered them in the end, and got the charges dropped.
@_date: 2015-08-11 23:34:23
The five larget mienrs have something like 70% of the hashrate,  The four largest Chinese miners have about 55%.  If they collude, they can starve any minority miner, by ignoring and orphaning his blocks.  That does not depend on the block size.
@_date: 2015-08-05 22:29:13


The value of your bitcoins is not defined by you, nor by the bitcoin protocol.  It is defined by those who would buy it or accept it as payment.  Next week it may be 100'000  $/Ƀ, or maybe 0.001 $/Ƀ...


But what does that mean in the example of the pre-Roman Briton?  


Because the shorter the block interval, the more difficult it is to get the whole network to a consensus.  Many complications of the Bitcoin protocol and queue management policies are needed only because the inter-block time is short and the state of the network at any moment can be quite messy, with each player having only a partial view of the situation.  If the interval was 6 hours, it might have been better to use other distributed consensus mechanisms, that are not viable with a 10 min interval.
This is basic engineering reality: when you set out to design something with a different purpose, you almost always end up with a solution that is different in almost every detail.  That is why a boat does not look anything like a car, and a fork is very different from a spoon (and even from a [spork]( 
Fast confirmation is necessary for a currency to be used for general payments, that can change hands many times in quick succession.  For a long-term investment, it it is not such a big deal that you have to wait 1 day for your investment to be confirmed, instead of 10 (maybe 20, maybe 40, maybe more) minutes.


You are confusing the technical sense of "inflation", namely "increase in the money supply", with its popular sense, "loss of purchasing power".
Bitcoin has decreasing inflation, ending with zero, in the technical sense only.  It doesn't guarantee anything about the purchasing power (or the price in USD), and never intended to.  
But when you wrote "non-depreciating", of course, you meant the latter sense.  Sorry, but bitcoin is not it.
For currency use, variations of purchasing power of 10-12% per year (in either sense) are still tolerable, and 5% per year would be fine.  If bitcoin was not hoarded for speculation or long-term investment, its value would be determined by its usage through the money velocity equation, and that would hopefully keep its value stable enough for that use.  
Satoshi could not guarantee that either; but if the currency lost 30% in one year, it would be a bad currency, but still useful for some niche cases.  Whereas, as a "non-depreciating store of value", it would be a disaster.
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:20:41
Sorry, I followed a link and did not realize that I was in this subreddit.  
@_date: 2015-08-07 13:24:17
If the hash rate drops, people will realize that it may drop even more in the future.
If the total hashpower drops by more than half, then there will be 200 PH/s of idle equipment that can be bought or rented at scrap metal prices, and used to attack the other 200 PH/s.
@_date: 2015-08-31 20:12:06


Oops, that may be a problem there.  But it may still be possible to argue that, since they have different meanings, and may be used in the same text with different meanings, they ought to be different UNICODE symbols.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:57:09
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:16:27
Don't worry, bitcoin banks will soon appear and do just like the old banks do.  
You could call the Lightning Network hubs "banks" right away and save the hassle of changing the name later -- when they start "suggesting" that their clients hand over their bitcoins for custody, "to make the system more responsive"  etc.  Which is what Coinbase and Circle and the exchanges already do, of course.
@_date: 2015-08-06 12:47:58


Then I have news for you: since July 4th, 2015, you have been owning, trading and using an altcoin instead of bitcoin.
I am trying to explain how a majority-power cartel can force a change in the consensus rules.  If you say that a change in the rules createa an altcoin, and you don't want to discuss altcoins, then you don't want to know.  
@_date: 2015-08-17 11:18:33
I understood that clients will have to lock some bitcoins in advance in order to open a payment channel.  How many channels will a user have to open, in that model?  For how long?
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:30:31


Indeed, Libertarians may have understood what "consensus" meant in Wikipedia right away.  I could only think of its dictionary meaning, and clearly that was not it.
Maybe I will understand the Libertarian sense someday...
@_date: 2015-08-05 19:19:52


I prefer to call it the Bitcoin National Debt: it is what the people who have invested in bitcoin (called 'bagholders' in "that other" subreddit) expect to get back some day, preferably with a substantial profit. 
I don't know how to compute that number, since it depends on the price that the current holders paid for their bitcoins.  All I can tell is that it is between 400 million USD (if each bitcoin was last bought at the lowest price after its creation) to 17 billion USD (if instead it was last bought at the highest possible price).  That is what future investors will have to invest just to make the current holders whole.
The difference between that number and the market cap (total coins issued times current price, about 4 billion USD) is the current "paper gain/loss" of all holders.  Namely, it is between some 3.6 G $ positive and 13 G $ negative.  
Since bitcoin trading is by and large a zero-sum game (apart from a billion dollars or so of lost or stolen coins), those numbers, with the reversed sign, are also bounds for the net amount of money that was made or lost by investors who have already liquidated positions.  Namely, they have either gained 3.6 billion, lost 13 billion, or something in between...
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:53:55
Well, neither do I.  
One main defining feature of sidechains is that they are supposed to be designed, implemented, maintained, and operated by independent teams.  Another main defining feature is that


It is impossible to guarantee that the implementation of a sidechain will be free from bugs or backdoors.
Therefore, it is impossible to say anything definite about the behavior of sidechains, except that they cannot create bitcoins on the bitcoin blockchain, or intefere with any bitcoins there, except those that have been "handed over" to them -- because these properties are guaranteed (ahem!) by the bitcoin protocol, not by the sidechain.
@_date: 2015-08-04 23:32:27
There is [another "stress test"]( going on.  Someone sends transaction requests to the network at a high rate (dotted line on the bottom graph), far more than the network can confirm promptly.  Thus a huge backlog of unconfirmed transactions (UTs) piles up in the network queues (solid line on the bottom graph).
No one has claimed authorship for this ongoing test, or for the previous test, last week, that just peaked at ~100 MB of UTs and took 50hrs to clear.  The [one before that]( that peaked at ~200 MB and took a week to clear, was carried out by a mysterious entity called "coinwallet.eu" (Like the previous test, the current one [seems to comprise mostly transactions paying 0.20 mBTC/kB of fees](  Therefore, any transaction that pays less than that amount will probably remain pending until the "test" ends and the backlog clears.  On the other hand, transactions that pay at least ~~0.40~~ 0.50 mBTC/kB should go through with no more than the usual delay.  (However, the distribution of fees of the UTs in the queue is changing all the time, so this may not be true for long.)
@_date: 2015-08-12 03:24:39


I thought that they were sort of comatose a month ago:
+ [PSA: Amagi Metals has SCAMMED me and ran]( and [Update: AmagiMetals Finally Sent my Order](
+ [A letter from Anthem Vault to r/Bitcoin - no partnership has been forged with Amagi Metals](
+ [Amagi metals asks me to review a product that they haven't shipped me in 36 business days](
+ [Anyone know what is going on with Amagi Metals?](
+ [A shoutout for Veldt Gold](
@_date: 2015-08-07 11:24:22
The largest "stress test" (~ July 7-19, 200 MB peak backlog) was claimed by an entity called "coinwallet.eu" (They said they had a ~5000 USD budget.  As shown in that chart, during the test the transaction fees collected by miners were much higher than the usual 15-20 BTC/day.  The excess during the test was more than 200 BTC, or ~60'000 USD.  If the test was sponsored by a miner with 20% of the total hashpower, that miner would have collected ~12'000 USD in extra fees, with a ~7000 USD profit.  
So, indeed, a large miner could have sponsored the "stress test" to collect extra fees.  However, that amount is still tiny compared to what the same miner would have earned from block rewards in that period (~200'000 USD/day, 2'600'000 USD total).  If that was the intent, that miner must have been greatly disappointed by the returns.
However, if the "test" was sponsored by a 20% miner, the math shows that he could keep sponsoring more "tests" forever, with ever increasing budgets, without losing money.
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:54:56
A 64 year old prof of Computer Science from Brazil, addicted to forums since 1979.
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:19:03
It is actually much less than 7 tx/s.  The traffic now is ~120'000 tx/day which is only ~1.4 tx/s.  
(The 7 tx/s figure was estimated assuming full 1 MB blocks and only 240 bytes/tx.  In fact, the effective capacity of the network, seen during the recent "stress tests", seems to be 750 kB/block, which, at an average of ~550 bytes/tx and 0.1 blocks/min, comes out to 2.3 tx/s, i.e. less than twice the average traffic.  The average block size under full load is only 750 kB because there are many empty blocks (even when there is a backlog) and some miners are set up with that limit (the default "soft" size limit).)
@_date: 2015-08-14 11:34:30
AFAIK the minimum fee was reduced by a factor of 10 after the Nov/2013 rally, to account for the 10x price rise.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:49:27
PS. It may be worth pointing out that, while dozens of cryptocurrencies have been created, only a few have been sufficiently popular to have significant reference outside their own circles; and of those, only bitcoin has a distinctive textual symbol with significant use.  (Dogecoin uses the Vietnamese Đ (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH STROKE) and Litecoin uses the Polish Ł (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER L WITH STROKE).
@_date: 2015-08-17 04:38:01
Thanks! Yes, that data -- but incremental, not cumulative.  It should be interesting.
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:03:51
Yes they can.  More precisely: anyone can change the protocol.  An entity or coalition that controls a majority of the mining power can change the protocol, ***and*** force the other players to accept the change too.
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:37:50
There was a much bigger drop a week ago, on 2015-08-08, from 278 to 260 $/฿.
I wonder how the Chinese traders would react if they read Satoshi's message announcing the death of bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:38:56


Why, THANK YOU for stating it loud and clear!!!  
@_date: 2015-08-17 12:29:38
Sorry for the sarcasm, but it gets tiring to explain N times...  
I agree that the fees should be increased, but there is no "market", much less a "free market" there.  The Bitcoin network is like a restaurant, bitcoin users are its patrons, and the miners are like the cooks in the kitchen.  No restaurant, in fact no business from lemonade stands to airlines, will set its price by having the customers compete for service in a blind auction.  Anyone with an ouce of business sense will set a fixed price, tell the price to clients upfront, serve clients roughly first-come-first-served, and deliver the product or service that the client paid for. 
Apparently, the current core devs do not have even an ounce of business sense.  
Or perhaps they think that they are so smart that the "fee market" that they devised, having been devised by them, will obviously work, so that it would be a waste of time to spend even five minutes trying to imagine how exactly it would work, from the client's perspective.
Or perhaps they are so arrogant that they do not worry about the possibility of it not working: if the clients get frustrated at wasting time and paying more, only to wait longer -- who cares, it is their fault.  (I have seen them use that argument a couple of times...)
@_date: 2015-08-15 01:42:16
I have tried to read the Ethereum paper, but I could not get past the first paragraph. Sorry.  Perhaps I will try again, harder, if I find the time...
@_date: 2015-08-03 04:02:52


... and she cannot find real estate or other inflation-safe investments in Argentina?  She should think of those before sending money to the US to invest...
@_date: 2015-08-13 13:55:42
Once again Mike writes a clear, totally logical post, and gets logic-free emotional responses and ad-hominem atatcks.
The reason why the current devs like soft forks is that they are true hackers rather than project managers.  
The advantage of soft forks over hard forks is that they can be deployed without the users being aware of them.  Just tell users that there is a new version of the software out there.  When a suffiecient percentage of users have upgraded, the change silently comes into effect.  Miners who haven't upgraded will lose money, but in the hackers' mindset, any harm that happens to users is always their fault.  As Mike points out, full nodes who haven't upgraded will think that they are thoroughly checking the chain, but they are not; again, that is their fault, not the devs'..  
A hard fork requires first discussing the change with the most important users, than posting a BIP that has good chances og getting majority approval, then defending it, then warnng everybody repeatedly to upgrade before the fork.  That means interacting with users who are not you hacker peers, respecting their opinions even if they are not based on technical reasons, and accepting compromises.  Nothing could be more  alien to the hacker mentality than that.
Soft forks are usually defined by labeling the two versions "old" and "new" and saying that the new rules are the old ones with additional restrictions.  However, after the change has been activated, the old or new distinction is not very important.  What matters is only that one version is just a restriction of the other.  What may happen then is rather complicated, and not the bed of roses that soft forks are claimed to be: it may end with a coin split, just like a hard fork.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:08:51


It was a pretty good fake until this point.  Turn that sentence upside-down, sprinkle some talcum powder on it, blow gently, and you can easily read "Blockstream" on it.
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:50:45
I understood that.  A majority miner or cartel can force those other services and their clients to use their version, if they want to use  bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2015-08-16 23:44:08
For now they are both bitcoin.  If and when the XT version of the software lifts the limit, there will be two altcoins that start out with the same blockchain state and have very similar sets of rules for deciding what is a valid block, transaction, etc..  
One ruleset (Core) happens to be a restriction of the other (XT).  Thus, after XT is activated, the situation will be exactly like that in a soft fork.  The only difference will be historical: the most restrictive version will be the older one, instead of the newer one.  But that historical difference will be irrelevant for what will happen next.  What will matter is how much hashpower will be backing each version.  
Basically, as long as the more restrictive version (Core, in this case) has more hashpower, its branch will grow faster, and will be accepted as the true chain by all players, most of the time; but there may be frequent side branches of the other version, that will get temporarily accepted by the XT players, but quickly orphaned.  
On the other hand, while the more permissive version (XT) has more hashpower, the chain will split; the XT branch will grow faster and will be accepted by XT players, but will be ignored by all Core players.   
Conceivably, the system could wander back ad forth between these two states, if the hashpower shifts back and forth between the two versions.  
Both states will be confusing and potentially harmful to clients who are running the minority version of the software.  Bitcoiners must hope that the situation quickly moves (possibly even before the XT activation time) to one of the two limiting cases, with all miners on the same branch.
@_date: 2015-07-13 06:03:50
I saw that video.  Obviously he can only be "benevolent dictator" of some fork of the source --  like Linus for the Linux kernel, of Luke Dashjr for his recent "anti-gambling" fork.  
Or like your group with the BitcoinCore fork.  Have you consulted the community about your plans to drive p2p traffic off the bitcoin network, and turn it into the settlement layer of your "overlay network"?
@_date: 2015-08-12 20:44:54
That is what it says in the English dictionary:
1. swift and intense force: *the violence of a storm*.
2. rough or injurious physical force, action, or treatment: *to die by violence*.
3. an unjust or unwarranted exertion of force or power, as against rights or laws: *to take over a government by violence*.   [ ... ]
What does it say in the Libertarianish dictionary?
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:23:47
That is the popular name for it.  Technically, *investing* in bitcoin it is more like a pyramid scheme.  Or, as some economist put it, "not a *deliberate* ponzi".
Day trading, on the other hand, is more like gambling.  Which is OK, if everyone playing the game know that it is just that.
There is nothing wrong with using bitcoin for e-payments (its intended purpose), but its technical problems are such that it will hardly see more than niche uses.
@_date: 2015-08-13 23:46:47




That part of what I wrote is not a theory; it has been confirmed by them many times.




OK, their motivations for absolutely opposing even a 2 MB limit we can only guess.  Sorry, but I don't buy their claims about the risk of centralization of mining or nodes. 
At first I thought that it could be just jealously, at seeing Gavin take the lead with negotiations and thus challenging their authority.  Or perhaps they wanted to see the network get congested, because of all the time they had invested in the "fee market" idea and all the tools that they had developed for it.  
But I cannot  those motives would not justify the desperation that I sense in their reactions to the proposals.  You propose that


This may be the true, but it does not explain why the limit has to be kept at 1 MB until the network saturates.  They should know that the "Visa fantasy" simply cannot happen on-chain, and if it can happen with some off-chain "overlay network" it will have to be because *that system* attracts tens of millions users -- not because users who could adopt bitcoin in the next 2-3 years are forcibly turned away from it.
The main causes of mining centralization are the economies of scale (in acquiring, housing, and operating the equipment) and access to cheap electricity; the block size limit does not seem to enter at all.  
The main cause of decline of independent full relay nodes is that they are not rewarded.  While keeping the 1 MB limit may slow down the decline starting 6-12 months from now, by limiting the transaction traffic and the *rate* of growth of the blockchain, it does not stop it.  On the other hand, if the network saturates, many legitimate users will give up on bitcoin, leaving only the really dependent ones -- drug users, criminals, ransom victims -- whoa re unilkely to set up full relay nodes.


I insist on this part.  Repurposing bitcoin to be a settlement network for the "bitcoin banks" of the LN, getting the network into a near-congested state with recurrent traffic jams, and forcing user to engage in a crazy fee auction --  that is a vastly bigger change to bitcoin than increasing the block size limit, messing with the reward schedule, or even doubling the issue cap to 42 million BTC.  
How could they think that they had the right to make that change without the communty's approval, or even knowledge?  And without having a convincing design for the "overlay network"?
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:16:01
“Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.”
― Philip K. Dick, *I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon*
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:59:22


It should be set in the 'consensus rules' so that miners and nodes are not tempted to modify it.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:39:52
It would make no difference until Jan/2016.   Check again by the end of the year.  If XT got the 75% miner vote, upgrade to XT.
@_date: 2015-08-07 01:43:13


I would be surprised if he does that.  I would guess that he *must* sell them via auction, if only to protect himself from lawsuits for incompetent trading.
That must also be one reason why thaings seized by the US federal police must be auctioned by the USMS, rather than sold through suitable markets.
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:26:19
That is because the attackers are not attackers, and are not adapting their fee to the fees in the queue.  Keep denying...
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:22:23




Actually, quite.  An entity or cartel that controls more than half of the hashpower can force a hard fork (change in the protocol), by blocking all transactions indefinitely on the original blockchain, or on any alternatiive fork that the minority miners may try to create.  Clients, nodes, exchanges and other services will either accept the change or lose access to their coins.  Then anything is possible, even confiscating coins from arbitrary addresses.
Even without getting to that extreme, a miner or coalition with more than half of the hashpower can starve all other miners, by orphaning any blocks that they mine.  Then, instead of collecting 600'000 USD/day (say) in block rewards, they would collect 1'000'000 USD/day, with the same expense.  That means an extra *profit* of ~150 million USD/year.
And so on.  
But fortunately these attacks are prevented by the law of gravity.  That is, the gravity of the risk is so great that people just turn off their brains when those thoughts enter them.  The concept of "economic majority" was invented to plug the brain pipes those thoughts may sneak in through. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:12:00


I don't think they plan to change *payments*, but only the record of who owns what.  And maybe only for archival, not ncessarily for real-time queries...
@_date: 2015-08-01 18:14:07
Sure.  When a car gets into a road, it is being 'handled'.  When, after 5 hours in a car lock-up, it finally gets through to the other side, ihas been 'processed'.  Got it. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:47:24


Of course not.  At the moment, it costs ~8$ per transaction.  The 80$ figure is the estimated cost *per payment*, assuming that 90% of the transactions are not payments but something else (tumbling, hotwallet/colwallet flow, gambling, pool payouts, spam, non-currency uses, etc.).  
It has been said that a 1 dollar bill costs more than 1 dollar to print, including the costs of transportation, investigation of counterfeiting cases, etc.. However, a 1 $ bill will be used for thousands of 1 $ payments over its lifetime, on average; so, its cost *per payment* is fractions of a penny.  Not so for the cost of the bitcoin network.
Twisted logic is to claim that bicoin payments are free, just because its cost is paid by the ~~suckers~~ visionaries who buy the 3600 new bitcoins every day.
@_date: 2015-08-14 20:27:15


Well... Just because 100 GB blocks are a problem it does not follow that there is a significant difference between 1 MB and 3 MB (the expected size in 2018 if the limit is raised to 8 MB).
"One should get a haircut before boarding a plane, because imagine what would happen someone with 1000 tons of hair were to board it..."
Note that a miner can start to mine an empty block B(N+1) as soon as it gets hold of the *header* of a solved block B(N).  If he polls other miners, he will usually get that header with a delay that is independent of the block size. (The miner who solves a block wants the other miners to get that information as soon as possible, to secure his catch.  In fact, if he is an open pool, he will provide the hash of B(N) via Stratum.) Then the miner can fetch the rest of B(N) in parallel with his mining, validate it, and finally fill his B(N+1) with transactions from the queue.  Sometimes he solves B(N+1) before completing this task, in which case he issues an empty block B(N+1) and starts working on an empty B(N+2).
If miners do that, I don't quite see why bigger blocks increase the frequency of reorgs/forks/orphans whatever.  What big blocks will do is increase the frequency of empty blocks.  If bandwidth is fixed, as the traffic increases, the blocks will get bigger, empty blocks will become more common,  and therefore the effective network capacity C will drop.  If the capacity drops below the traffic, then  of course a "traffic jam" situation will occur. 
So the capacity of the network (i.e. the average block size) has a limit proportional to the bandwidth, even if there was no explicit block size limit.  Well, I don't think I will get a Nobel Prize for this...
This sort of discussion is pointless without numbers.  What is the natural block size limit now?  it is surely more than 1 MB, and I bet that it is more than 8 MB.  
Suppose the block size limit is raised to 8 MB, and by 2018 the incoming traffic T has grown from today's 450 kB/block to (say) 3 MB/block and the networ bandwidth has not improved.  There may not be more orphans, but we will see more empty blocks.  So the effective capacity will be (say) 70% of the theoretical maximum 8 MB/block, instead of  75% as it is now.  But 70% of 8 MB is still 5.6 MB/block, so C/T will be about the same as today...
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:20:06
That is one bullet point (out of 93) why bitcoin will *not* replace the dollar. ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-02 14:34:35
I already told you: I am tired of explaining how, just to be ignored or dismissed with a statement of faith.  I hope you can figure it out yourself.
@_date: 2015-08-01 11:54:42


Thnks!  This is news to me...
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:45:49


I was being generous when I wrote 5 million.  Averaged over all people who have used bitcoin for payments, it may well be that the savings are negative -- that is, those people ended up paying more (due to exchange fees, spread, short-term volatility, unspendable pocket change, theft, and other losses) than they would have paid with traditional channels.  
If you include also the losses of people who bought bitcoins for investment or speculative trading, and lost them through theft, scams, and accidental losses, then then the "savings" must be negative by more than 1 billion dollars, even withou counting the losses due to the general price drop and bad trading decisions.  Just the MtGOX collapse cost bitcoiners several hundred million dollars...
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:21:56


Once I read an article that described the expected consequences of a hurricane hitting New Orleans.  It had maps of the city showing the parts that would be flooded, the path that the waters would probably follow, etc..  
That was the cover article the October 2001 issue of Scientific American.  In the following years there were may other warnings by experts, even in mainstream media.  Needless to say, authorities in New Orleans choose to ignore the warnings: it would mean spending lots of money, forcing businesses and homes to relocate, etc.. When Katrina hit New Orleans, in August 2005, everything happened as the article had predicted.
Humans have very feeble imagination: they cannot believe a prediction of something 'different' happening until they see it happen -- especially if believing the prediction would imply missing some immediate profits, doing some unpleasant work, taking unpopular measures, etc..   It was the same story with the Shuttle disasters, Chernobyl, TMI, and Fukushima, global warming, the 2008 financial disaster...
So, what can I say?  Keep on believing that everything is fine with bitcoin... 
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:39:42
How many times does Core have to explain it? Bit-coin is not a *payment system*, it is a *store of value*.   You can easily put value into it, but there is very little risk that the value will come out again.
@_date: 2016-11-26 00:11:08


First note that the original issue is how many people already lost badly "investing" in bitcoin.  That includes not only those who bought above today's 750, but everybody who invested good part of their money in bitcoin and sold (for necessity or bad choice) at a much lower price.  Are you trying to say that there were no such people?
But, considering today's 750: the price on Bitstamp was above that from ~Nov/17 to ~Dec/14  (with a few days gap) and from ~Jan/04 to ~Feb/06.  While Bitstamp has seen comparable volume in late 2015, its volume today is only a fraction of that.  The volume also exploded on the Chinese exchanges during that rally (and that was when trading robots were still rare or non-existent).
That rally did not happen "just because".  The price shoot up from 130 to 1200  because lots of new "investors" started putting lots of money into bitcoin...


Someone who buys 1 BTC for $1000 has lost $1000 and gained 1 BTC.  He will only recover his $1000 if and when he can sell the 1 BTC for that or more.


Stocks are certificates of property of companies; they pay dividends, or become more valuable because the companies grow.  Bonds have some entity which (unless the entity goes bankrupt) is bound by law and contract to pay back the money invested plus some interest.  
Bitcoin has none of the above: it is not a certificate of property of anything, it does not pay dividends, and there is no entity which is bound to redeem it for the invested amount.
That is why good investors buy productive investments backed by real wealth, like stocks and bonds; and not improductive virtual "assets" that stand for nothing, and can yield profit only by being sold to other investors -- like penny stocks or bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-25 17:12:21


But the trade volume during those 2 months was bigger than in all the 5 previous years,


Quite probably you will not find them in any bitcoin forums.
@_date: 2016-11-29 08:22:07
The miners can set the minimum fee to any value they want.  They don't have to spam the network to do that.  Stuffing their blocks would only make them more likely to be orphaned.
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:55:41
The miners mine a new block every 10 minutes, on average. There are 24 x 60 = 1440 minutes in one day, therefore 144 blocks are mined per day, on average. 
The miners get 25 BTC for each block that they mine.  That is 3600 BTC per day.
That is their reward for the service of confirming transactions. About [120'000 transactions are confirmed each day](  Dividing 3600 by 120'000 gives 0.03 BTC per transaction.  At 275 USD per BTC, that is 8.25 USD.  
Or if you prefer, the transactions in the blockchain now move each day [200'000 BTC]( worth [55 million USD](  Dividing by 120'000, it means that each transaction moves 1.67 BTC, or 460 USD, on average.  Thus, that 8.25 USD that the miners get per transaction is about 2% of the value moved by it.
Currently, the miners get that money by selling the BTC that they mine to people who are investing in BTC.  If the miners had to be paid by the people who issue transactions (who are the only who benefit from the miners' work), those people would have to pay a flat fee of 8.25 USD per transaction, or 2% on the transaction's output amount, or some combination of them.  
That, assuming that all those 120'000 transactions per day would continue to be issued once those fees start to be charged.   Which of course will not be the case.
So, what is wrong with the numbers above? 
@_date: 2015-08-24 14:37:33


Thanks, but I don't understand this explanation.  Could you please elaborate?  What risk does a special-purpose peg eliminate?  It would seem that the sidechain can screw its clients, no matter how the coins are transferred to it.  How does the special peg prevent that?:
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:48:11
If they were to do it, they would do it in a way that works, not in a way that doesn't work.
Hint 1: they can mine their altcoin AND the original bitcoin AND any other branch that the minority miners may create, at the same time, and still have majority of the hashpower in all the branches.
Hint 2: if they have majority of the hashpower in one branch, they can collect ALL the block rewards and fees on that branch, starving any other miners.
@_date: 2015-07-13 06:37:03
Someone claimed that he uses Litecoin to transfer value quickly between exchanges to do BTC arbitrage trading, because of LTC's faster block time (2.5 min instead of 10 min).
Robot trading, especially  high-frequency trading (HFT), makes trading by casual users frustrating and unprofitable, and may drive them away.  In May/2014, as part of their promise to the government to clean up their act, the five largest Chinese exchanges recognized that problem and made a public pledge to curb HFT.  (However, I understood that Bobby Lee of BTC-China later accused the others of breaking that pledge.)
@_date: 2015-07-11 00:01:26


I know, but isn't it too small? The minimum output M should be as large as possible without preventing ordinary e-payments.  Say, 0.01 mBTC (~0.3 US cents right now).  Is this more than the current threshold?
@_date: 2015-07-21 06:49:16


It is not necessary to have such a long voting period, but there must be a delay between the occurrence of a voting event and the actual activation of the new limit; so that the new limit can be announced, and all the miners who voted for smaller blocks, all nodes, clients, and other software developers can adapt to the new limit.  
Say, a block size increase is triggered when 900 of 1000 consecutive blocks vote for a limit strictly greater than the current one; but the change only becomes effective 100 × 144 blocks after such event is observed.  
The lack of such a delay was the primary cause of the 6-block reorganization in the BIP66 "fork of july". 
To avoid pointless small increases, votes should be restricted to 2^n or 3 × 2^n MB, namely 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16,  24 or 32 MB.  The new limit should be at most 2 × the current one, as in BIP100.  So, the size can be increased from 4 to 6 or to 8 MB, from 6 to 8 or to 12 MB, etc.
Voting should disabled once such an event occurs,  and re-enabled only after a suitable delay, like 200 × 144 blocks. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 09:50:13
Why do you say that the blockchain will be a "perfect" database?  It only records whatever garbage is put into it.  It will be just one *more* database that can get out of sync with the other databases.
The only claimed advantage of the blockchan is to prevent double-spending (in the case, double-selling of a given asset) *without the need for a central authority*.  As many have pointed out, the second part is not important if the players are known and can be criminally prosecuted for fraud.  
Commercial databases can be far more more reliable and secure than the blockchain, and are *much* faster.  Data stored in the blockchain can be considered permanent only after a few confirmations, which means 30-60 minutes delay.  Even so, from its historical performance one must assume that there is one chance in 200'000 that a transaction with dozens of confirmations will become unconfirmed again.   
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:54:11


There is no such thing as "a 51% attack".  
A fundamental rule of the protocol is that the longest valid branch of the blockchain must be accepted as *the* true branch by all players; because any other criterion would require a trusted third party.  Because of this rule, a miner or group of miners with control over more than half of the mining power can block any or all transactions on a branch of the blockchain while mining their own branch(es), with the same rules of with different rules.  
The majority miners can use this power to do many things (besides pulling a double-spend, which seems to be what many think a "51% attack" would be).  For instance, they could decide the dispute between Core and XT.  If a consortium with (say) 70% of the hashpower decided to do so, they could put some of their power mining the chosen "A"-branch and some of it jamming the rival "B"-branch, while keeping majority position on both branches.  Then all remaining miners would have to upgrade to the A-branch or starve to death, and all clients and services would have to do the same in order to use their coins.
@_date: 2015-08-17 22:31:02
Well, there is no hard evidence either way.  I have seen claims that the mail address could have been easily hacked (or reused), and that there is no PGP key that is definitely his.  So we can only speculate based on the style and contents.
First, after trying hard to understand the alleged security risks of large blocks, and finding only evidence to the contrary, I believe that they are just baseless FUD.  I understand the harm that congestion would cause and several reasons why the "fee market" would not work; and I see that either the Blockstream devs do not understand those problems, or do not care.   I can see that Blockstream plans of pushing all p2p payments to the LN would be the total negation of the reason why bitcoin was invented in the first place.  And more.  And I believe that Satoshi is more intelligent and has a better grasp of networks and social/economic games than all of the devs, especially the Blockstream guys, and is sensible enough to worry about the users experience.  Thus, I find it totally absurd that he would take the side of the Blockstream devs against Gavin and Mike.
Second, more along that line, the launching of BitcoinXT is nowhere as disastrous as the message makes it seem.  Other events, like the concentration of mining and the off-chain services like Coinbase and web wallet services like Blockchain.Info were much more serious threats to the project.  It was the Blockstream devs who painted the "hard fork" as a terrible risk for the future of bitcoin: not because they think it is, but because it threatens to take control of bitcoin's future away from them.  In fact, technically, there is no substantial difference between a "hard fork" (like BitcoinXT) and a "soft fork" (like BIP66).  In both cases, after the change is enabled, there are two versions of the protocol, one strictly more restrictive than the other.  What happens next depends only on how much hashpower each version has.  It makes no difference whether the more restrictive version is the new one or the old one (which is how soft and hard are distinguished).  The difference is only historial and psychological: it depends on which version the speaker is rooting for.  So, technically, the BitcoinXT fork is no more risky than the BIP66 one, and will be executed in a more responsible and competent fashion (with a grace period between the voting and the actual change, and alerts for clients to upgrade or downgrade).  And I am sure that Satoshi understands that perfeclty well.
Third, while the low-level details of the style may match Satoshi's (I am not an expert to say), the higher-level ones are quite unlike the posts that I know.  My impression of Satoshi is a mature computer scientist, not just a good programmer but familiar with statistics, math, and networks; probably with experience in industry, that taught him how to interact with people productively in a work environment.  He was usually very dry, impersonal, and technical in his messages, even in the rare occasions when he seemed really upset (as when someone suggested connecting bitcoin with Wikileaks).  In contrast, this message is extremely emotional and dramatic, appealing to sentiments rather than logic.  Although he claims that bitcoin is not to be property of any personality, he contradicts that by intervening in a political squabble and by declaring the experiment a failure -- as if it was his role to do that.
Fourth, the message contains many memes that are characteristic of the Blockstream camp:








The first one, in particular, totally contradicts what I understand of Satoshi's thinking.  In his design the system *had* to be robust against change, but *because people would gain more to play according to its rules, anonymously and independently* -- not because of some social process.  By assuming that the survival of bitcoin was meant do depend on the players communicating, and getting to a consensus on some forum, the author of that message shows that he failed to understand the most important aspect of bitcoin's design.  Thus, a change was supposed to be adopted if and only if the players saw advantage in doing so, on their own. 
But the following sentence is a dead giveaway:


This has "Blockstream" written in capital letters all over it.  Reedfining bitcoin is what Blockstream wants to do, and they know that it is very wrong; so that is a perfect example of psychological projection. and more...
@_date: 2015-08-08 16:33:06
That is what "exponentially" means.  "Logarithmic" would be the opposite -- you pay 3 after 8 bans, 5 after 32 bans, etc.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:56:16
In China the two sets are nearly identical.  AFAIK, Huobi, OKCoin, and BTC-China each are closely connected to a mining pool.
@_date: 2015-08-11 23:26:21
It is Blockstream who wants to completely wreck bitcoin in order to get fast growth.  Bitcoin may one day scale to serve hundreds of millions of users, but that is several decades away.  
With the present algorithms and technology, the user base and traffic it cannot grow more than 2x per year; maybe not even that.  That is OK. There is no reason to push it to grow faster than it can.  It is the investment pyramid operators who want it to grow much faster so that its price rises soon; but it was not designed for that purpose.  
Raising the block size limit will allow it to continue to grow naturally for a few years more, while still being "a system for peer-to-peer internet payments that does not need trusted third parties".  
Keeping the block size at 1 MB will cripple it in six months or so, rendering it unusable for that purpose.  Even if the LN becomes viable one day, it will be a system that strongly relies on trusted third parties.  Then what would be the point of it?
@_date: 2015-08-10 20:15:58
You got confused.  Making the bitcoin network unusable for average users and repurposing it to be the settlement layer of centralized services is Blockstream's declared plan for BitcoinCore.
@_date: 2015-08-11 17:10:51
And the thread "[Blockstream business plan]( too..
@_date: 2015-08-10 12:19:32
Well, what did they expect?  Get a license to provide exchange services, then start a lending service or whatever, using the same license?  
@_date: 2015-08-11 14:18:38


But the few reports that have come out say that bitcoin sales have generally dropped, and are often so rare that it is not worth for them to keep the option available.  Like, much less than 1 per month.  
On the other hand, maybe less than 10% of that "USD volume" is actual payments -- bitcoins changing hands in exchange of goods and services.  Most of it is coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person, e.g. hot/cold wallet swaps.
Even worse, most of the USD volume that went through BitPay in 2014 seemed to be miners paying their bills or buying equipment -- i.e., payments by the bitcoin system itself, rather than by its users.
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:02:31
Homework due next week. ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-03 21:09:21
I see it a rebellion against Blockstream's power grab and repurposing plans.  Increasing the block size limit is a necessary maintenance action.  Letting the network saturate to create a fee market is an irresponsible and technically stupid decision, that was taken without the knowledge of most of the community, and without their consent.
@_date: 2015-08-14 11:43:29


Not at all.  Up until recently, the network has operated almost always below its capacity.  It means that, normally, there would be no competition for space in the blocks: every transaction could be processed in the next block or two, even if it paid no fee.  The minimum fees were inrtoduced to prevent spam (vandals issuing millions of bogus transactions, just to clog the system); they are explicitly set and (weakly) enforced by nodes and miners.
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:08:50


Oh you are the one who claimed that they didn't, but coudl not find anything in the paper that excluded them.
@_date: 2017-11-04 23:28:54
There are platinum ETFs, like the gold ETF.  (The whole point of the COIN ETF was to make investing in bitcoin be less of a PITA, no more than gold.)
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:24:32


@_date: 2015-08-06 15:59:31


That is a myth. Consider:
+ The bitcoin protocol does not have a formal software-independent definition.  It is defined by *one* implementation in  C++, BitcoinCore.  That is, the bitcoin protocol is whatever that implementation does.  While anyone could create independent implementations, there is the risk that they will differ from the Core in some minor detail.  If someone issues a single transaction that the Core considers invalid some other implementation considers valid, and vice-versa, bitcoin will split into two very similar but independent cryptocoins.  Then things that get notarized in one will not necessarily be notarized in the other.  
+ While bitcoin in theory does not have any central authority, in practice the developers with commit privileges to the BitcoinCore source have control of it; and they have no obligation to consider the needs and opinions of the other bitcoin players, except the major miners.  A month ago, for example, they made a change to an obscure detail of the rules (described in BIP66) without even alerting the vast majority or the clients.  (They bungled it, fortunately with only temporary consequences, but that is another discussion.)  Those developers have also refused to increase in the block size limit, because they have decided that bitcoin should no longer carry arbitrary peer-to-perr transactions for fracion of a penny, but be reserved for high-value settlements between the "banks" of another super-network that they are working for.
+ Actually, the Core implementation itself does not completely define the protocol.  Part of the definition is in the head of developers and other major players, in the form of fuzzy notions about the desired consequences of the rules.  There were in fact two incidents when the blockchain had to be rewound, by dozens of blocks, because of bugs in the Core implementation.  In one incident, an unchecked overflow bug was exploited by a hacker to create many billions of bitcoins out of nothing.  Needless to say, that outcome violated people's expectations so much that the bug could not be declared to be a feature.  In the other incident, a another bug caused the network to effectively split, so that the blockchain split too.  In both cases, fixing the bug required intervention by the head developers and cooperation of major miners.  
+ The effectiveness of the bitcoin protocol rests on the assumption that mining would be widely dispersed, so that no group of miners with more than half of the total hashpower would collude to sabotage it.  However, mining evolved in an unexpected direction, and now the five largest mining organizations have together 70% or so of the total hashpower.  They could do all sorts of nasty things if they agreed to cooperate towards such goals.  There is no contract, legislation, or reprisal that other players could effectively use to deter bad behavior by those miners.  Thus the huge hashpower of the bitcoin network is not as strong a protection as some claim. (The strongest army in the world can protect a country from external attacks, but is no protection at all against internal wars or military takeovers.)
+ Moreover, the bitcoin mining network is sustained by the new investors who buy the 3600 bitcoins that are mined every day.  That revenue is programmed to be halved sometime in 2016; and it will also drop if and when the bitcoin price drops.  If the revenue drops too much, it is quite possible that more than half of the miners will have to shut down their operations at some point.  In that case, a hostile entity could cheaply acquire or rent enough hashing equipment to mount a majority-mining attack.
For these and/or other reasons, it is understandable that banks and other institutions, that would like to use blockchain technology to handle billions of dollars of assets, are not keen on using the *bitcoin* blockchain.  They often opt for the so-called "permissioned ledgers" -- private blockchains, whose miners are known and bound by laws and contracts, and which have "write access" restricted to participating entities.
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:49:10


The "free market solution" would be: each group with a different goal implements their own altcoin.  The maintainers of bitcoin need not care about the needs of projects who want to take a free ride on it, and harm its original goal in doing so...
Up to now, those other goals caused lots of problems for bitcoin, but it was still possible to use it for its original purpose.  But the Blockstream plan would have ended that.  Driving the network into congestion to create the "fee market" would have prevented peer-to-peer payments etc.: not so much because of the higher fees, but because of the unpredictable delays during traffic jams.
@_date: 2015-08-17 13:11:42
Well, those clients are still non-negligible segments of the user base, and they don't have an alternative.  Which other clients do you think will put up with unpredictable fees and unpredictable  confirmation delays of several hours? 
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:45:39
If you are holding a bunch of bitcoins that you bought for 2000 $, you hope to sell them for at least 2000 $ (maybe plus 10%/year).  That is what bitcoin "morally" owes you -- although, needless to say, no one is obliged to pay you that amount.
Bitcoins that were mined on 2013-11-15, for example, may have been bought by their current holder at the ATH, for ~1200 $ each; or may have been bought at the bottom of the dip of 2015-01-14, for 152 $ each.  Repeating that analysis for all coins mined so far gives a minimum of ~400 M $ and a maximum of 17 G $.
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:18:08
Great.  Now suppose that the cartel tells everybody 
"We, the Bitcoin Mining Association, with the support of 70% of the hashpower and endorsement by respected bitcoin experts and businesses, have decided that, in order to preserve bitcoin's safety and value, the next halving must be postponed by two years, and the following ones antecipated so that the 21 million limit is preserved.  Please download and install any of these new versions of the popular bitcoin software, or update your private implementations to conform to this change, before the next halving is due; or you will be unable to use your coins after that date, until you do."  
What would happen then?
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:32:01
That is not how bitcoin was supposed to work, is it?  Nodes deciding which transactions are worth executing...  Wasn't there something about trusted intermediaries? 
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:49:46
It will only be an altcoin if both XTcoin and QTcoin continue to be mined and have access to a minimum of services (exchanges, payment processors, etc.) after the fork.  
If that happens, it is because enough people care enough about both to keep them alive.  But, in that case, why should XTcoin be prevented from existing?  
Because the QT devs know what is good for those people, better than they do? 
@_date: 2017-11-06 21:54:41


There are laws that make it a crime to simply store that material in your computer.  
There are no laws that force a miner to mine a particular coin with a particular software or set of rules, much less to include in his blocks any particular transaction.  
The description of the bitcoin protocol *explicitly* assumes and requires that there be no authority directing what miners can or cannot do.


You can validate as much of the blockchain as your resources allow and your paranoia commands, but that only benefits you.  (And not even that.  Your node cannot detect soft forks, and may ignore a hard fork even if the whole community accepted it.)
But the current Core implementation is designed to insert *third-party* non-mining relay nodes by default between clients and miners.  Your stated advantages


seem to refer to those "volunteer vigilantes", not to your own node.  Those are the "nodes" that break the protocol, and should not exist.
@_date: 2017-11-04 23:02:59


Platinum is far more likely to keep its market value than bitcoin.  I would not be surprised if it is better than gold, even.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:24:10
Would that break CoinJoin and other tumblers that generate long chains of transactions in quick succession?  That would be a good thing.
@_date: 2015-07-30 00:22:22
Ah, yes, there were a few other entities besides the "universities and research labs"; NLUUG/NLNet may have qualified.  Anyway, there were many more-or-less ad-hoc gateways allowing transfer of emails, USENET News, and other services between the internet proper (nodes with IP addresses) and other networks.  Here in Brazil, starting sometime before 1985, IBM's BITNET was for a while the "internet" of Brazilian universities.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:54:48
Which would not do much good if the hacker is a big miner...
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:00:46
The blockchain can only prove that a certain digital document existed at a certain time.  
That document may contain cryptographic signatures of certain parties, in which case it could be taken as proof that the parties saw the document and agreed to it, sometime before that date.
The security of that situation is limited by the security of the original document.  There are various ways in which that could be compromised, e.g. theft of the signing key or device,  man-in-the-middle attacks while the party signs it, etc..
The blockchain and other crypto signatures, by themselves, cannot give any guarantees outside the digital realm.  No clever crypto, no amount of hashing work will ensure that the house described in a  deed exists, that the car being sold was not stolen, that the person signing the contract is indeed the person indentified in it.
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:04:37
While "ponzi" has a rather narrow technical definition, it is popularly used for any investment instrument that does not create new concrete wealth (goods or services that customers can buy), but only moves money from new investors to earlier investors.  
Investing in bitcoin definitely has that character, since bitcoins do not create any concrete wealth.  (The bank fees that they occasionally save are worth less than the time and expense of learning and using the system.) 
The only money coming into the bitcoin economy is provided by the new investors: people who acquire bitcoins to increase their holdings.  Part of that money goes to the miners (~1 million USD/day), part is the payoff of earlier investors who are reducing their holdings (an unknown amount, but probably of the same order or more), and a smaller part goes to various bitcoin-based companies, as service fees, spread, scams, mining and storage hardware, conference fees, etc..  
It is because of that net flow of money, from new investors to earlier investors who bought or mined bitcoins at much lower prices, that bitcoin is often called a "ponzi scheme" -- even if it is "not a *deliberate* ponzi", as some World Bank official once put it.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:49:49
I like this logic.  Floods may happen whether the river channel is broad or narrow, so let's keep it narrow to show Nature that we cannot be pushed around by such threats. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:34:14


It is certainly possible, but it would make all the programs much longer and uglier -- not just BitcoinCore, but any program that dealt with bitcoin amounts.


I don't know how they do it, but the alternative to bignums is to have a hard-coded inflation fee (demurrage, negative interest, maintenance fee).  Namely, the usable amount from each UTXO decays with time at 10% per year or so, compounded at every block.  That is better than using bignums, because it avoids the Zimbabwe effect (as time passes, the meaningful amounts need more and more trailing zeros).  
With such a tax, the block reward could be 40 BTC/block indefinitely, and the cost of the network would be ~5700 BTC/day forever.  At current prices, that would be ~1.4 million dollars per day.  Unlike the curren situation the cost would not be paid by new investors (pyramid-like), but by the old ones.
But of course such a tax would cause all holders to dump their coins, bringing the price down to single digits or less.  The mining industry and all bitcoin companies would go bankrupt, most exchanges would close and the rest would become mere baseball card shops...  IMHO, that would be the best thing that could happen to bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:42:14
They claimed to have a ~5000 USD budget, but the excess fees paid during the attack were ~250 BTC, or ~60'000 USD.  A good part of the latter (possibly 55'000, I don't know) was paid by other clients, trying to get their transactions through the backlog.  
@_date: 2015-07-29 12:46:26


Of course not; He is the Creator.
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:49:53
On second thought, the bitcoin core devs devs are doing a very good job indeed.  "Every nation has the government that it deserves."
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:07:12
"Populist tactics" was how the Blockstream devs (rather, some of them) repeatedly called the attempts by Gavin and Mike to explain to the community what the Blockstream plan meant, and their efforts to reach out to the major players and get their support for raising the limit.  
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:34:24


If it did that, it would be cool.  I just do not think that it can (too many problems still remain to be fixed).


Investing in bitcoin is a zero-sum game; like investing in gold, but unlike investing in solid stock or productive businesses.  Whatever profit one can make in it comes from the pockets of later investors.  Actually, it is a negative-sum game, like lottery tickets -- because mining burns each day close to 1 million USD of new investors money, that is not going to come back to them.  
The main economic effect of bitcoin has been to transfer at least half a billion dollars, perhaps more, from some pockets to other pockets.  Like any pyramid, it has already ruined many people, and severely hurt many others, financially and emotionally.   Sooner or later it has to collapse, and then tens of thousands more, at least, will realize that the money they though that they had invested was just thrown away.  Its positive contribution, as a "better" means of payment, has been much smaller: it may have saved its users maybe 10 million dollars of bank fees, very optimistically.


Since the only way for him to make money is for someone else to lose it, I could not wish him good luck.  I would only wish that he gets out with the same money that he got in.  Unless he is playing against someone who deserves to lose money... ;D


I would say meh.  Like any pyramid (or "speculative asset", if you wish) gold speculation merely will move (and has moved) tons of money from some pockets to other pockets, without creating any concrete wealth or rendering any productive service.  Mankind would be much better without GLD and its trading game.
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:33:58
That is the point.  
The Core devs (Luke, at least) claim that their version is "correct" by definition, and any software that disagrees with it about the validity of some block is incorrect.   
Many other people instead have an idea (usually incomplete, maybe fuzzy) of what a valid block *should* be; and, if some software is not consistent with that idea, the software is buggy -- even if it is the Core software.  
For example, when an overflow bug in the core created a few quadrillion bitcoins, in 2010, most people agreed that it was a bug in Core, not a feature of bitcoin,
@_date: 2015-08-25 00:27:29
GBTC is an investment fund, but does it qualify as an ETF? 
I thought that Winkles' COIN was going to be the first bitcoin ETF.  To be an ETF, doesn't it have to be traded on NYSE or NASDAQ like a regular stock?
@_date: 2015-08-16 00:44:52
You will have your coins on both chains, but it will not be very useful because when you send out a transaction, it would be executed in principle on both chains. 
That may fail occasionally: your transaction may happen to be invalid in one of the branches, then only the other version of your coins will move.   This could get quite confusing.  Thus, in December 2015 you should check the situation, and make sure that your wallet software is compatible with the version that has got the support of the majority of the miners.  Then you should be safe and will not have to worry about the other version of your coins: as the other branch dies, they will become worthless and unusable.
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:52:17
Here is what a functioning fee market looks like:
    
That is, the "fee market" is highly unlikely to function.  
To visualize what a *non-functioning* fee market will look like, imagine a crowded restaurant where the average wait for a dish is three hours, but each client can discreetly offer a bribe to the waiter to get his order in front of the queue -- as long as it is higher than the bribes of other clients, which of course the waiter does not know yet. And then the waiter comes back half an hour later, to say that, unfortunately, a higher bribe will be required -- but again he does not know how much.  
    
    
    
    
    
    
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:27:39
You are welcome, Dr. Ponzi.
@_date: 2015-07-20 14:31:05
The article is misleading in several points, including:


Not true.  A clean fork would split the coin into two independent coins.  Everybody would have the same amount of each coin that they had before the fork, and would be able to move and trade them independently.  Miners could freely choose which coin to mine, and would get rewards and fees in that coin only.  Each coin could have its own parameters and rule details, like reward decay schedule, block size limit, fee policies, etc..
Each coin will have its market price, and the sum of the two prices may be lower or higher than the previous price, depending on how the fork is "sold" to the users and investors.  Those who dislike coin 'A' could sell all their 'A' holdings and buy more of coin 'B', and vice-versa.  Free market will ultimately define the value of each coin.  If one of them starts out with nearly zero value, it will probably die immediately, and the fork would be just a maintenance event.  If both retain substantial value, it means that "the market" wanted to have both.


The opponents of increasing the block size LIMIT are not concerned with the *miners*, who have mostly signaled their OK with an increase to 8 MB.  (Even if it led to an increase in orphan rates, a claim which has not been clearly demonstrated, an increase in the size LIMIT would not reduce their revenue.  That is because the total mining revenue is fixed, and it will continue to be divided among miners proportionally to their hashpower.)
Opponents of the increase claim that it would make it more difficult to run *full nodes*.  That claim has not been demonstrated either, especially for *real* full nodes that receive transactions from clients, store them, and relay them to other players.  
The "block size issue" is not about about block size really; it is about two radically opposite views of what the future of bitcoin should be -- given the fact that bitcoin itself cannot easily scale to be a major payment system for a billion users (at least, as fast as bitcoiners would like)
The "big-blockian" camp wants to keep bitcoin true to its original goal (person-to-person payments without trusted intermediaries) for a small and slowly-growing community of individual users, as it is now.  Increasing the block size limit would be necessary to accomodate expected growth of that usage over the next few years.  That would imply keeping the fees low enough for e-commerce payments (starting with tens of dollars).
The "small-blockian" camp instead wants to divert the bitcoin network for a different goal: to become the settlement network for the "hubs" of another payment network, with a very different structure and philosophy.  In this "overlay network", person-to-person payments would be executed mostly off the blockchain, with the intermediation of a few large "hubs".  That goal implies driving almost all person-to-person and e-commerce traffic off the bitcoin network and into off-chain payment systems (like Coinbase of Circle for now, and LN eventually).  That would be accomplished by retaining the artificial 1 MB block size limit, so that competition for space in the blocks would raise the transaction fees to levels that could be affordable only for large payments (like 100 USD per transaction).
Given these two radically distinct views of what bitcoin should be, perhaps the right solution is indeed to split the coin -- into a "people's bitcoin" with 8 MB blocks and low fees, and a "hub's bitcoin" with 1 MB (or even smaller) blocks and large fees.  And then let the market decide how much each coin is worth.
@_date: 2015-07-20 17:45:16
If you are a mature multidecabillionaire, you must have developed some polite but effective ways to handle people who ask you to put money into their dubious enterprises.
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:23:21


Of course it is.  Do you think that the number 1'000'000 was chosen after some careful analysis of orphaning risks for Chinese miners, or anything else?


The current traffic of 120'000 tx/day is not limited by the 1 MB size limit, therefore an increase in that limit will not mean an immediate increase in average block size (unless there is a spam attack, in which case an 8 MB limit will be hugely better than a 1 MB limit).  So, lifting the limit would not make any difference for the next 6 months or so.  After that, with 8 MB the average block size is expected to continue growing by ~6% per month, and reach maybe 1 MB by mid-2016,  2 MB by mid-2017, 4 MB by mid-2018, etc..   Whereas, with 1 MB limit there will be frequent jams, hour-long delays, unpredictable fees, ...


It would not have been a "shock" if it had not been for Blocstream's hysterical opposition.  It would have been much less of a shock than the bungled BIP66 soft fork and its global warning for everybody to upgrade and/or require 30 confirmations.


Why do that? 
A hard fork automatically creates a clone of every coin on the new chain.  If the fork is properly done, each client will be able to independently manipulate each version, using the approriate version  of the software. If most players like the change, they will upgrade before the scheduled fork time; the old coin will die right away, and the new coin will inherit its value.  Users who have upgraded will not even notice that the fork happened; those who failed to upgrade, even afer all warnings, will find their coins frozen until they upgrade.
If most players dislike the change, they will not upgrade, the new coin will die right away after the fork, the value will remain with the old version.  Again, the users who did not upgrade will not even notice that the fork happened, while those who did upgrade will find their coins frozen until they revert to the old version.  
Both branches will survive only if the community remains divided up to and through the fork date.  But, in that case, a split would be the right thing to do: why should one side force the other to use the version that they like?  Let the small-blockians have their elite bitcoin, used only by the overlay network hubs for large settlements; while the big-blockians keep their popular bitcoin, to be used by the sweating masses; each with its own fee policies, miners, nodes, etc..
If the coin splits, the users who hate their big-blockian coins can sell them to users who like them, keeping the small-blockian clones; and vice-versa.  The value will be split among the two coins by the market -- a real free market, not the bogus "fee market" that Blockstream dreams about.  
Where are those libertarian principles now? ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-04 18:43:06
That is because the network has never been congested before last month's stress test.  
Without congestion, the fees are largely irrelevant: any transaction that pays at least the minimum fee should go through in the next block (unless the next block gets solved before the previosu one has propagated -- see "hash-stealing", above -- or there are miners who intentionally refuse some revenue now in the hope of forcing clients to use higher fees.)  Even during the tests, most test transactions paid a fixed fee, and most clients did not even understand what was going on, so they did not pay higher fees.
Things will be very different if the average *normal* traffic approaches the network capacity.  Then you will be one of thousands of clients trying to bribe the next miner to take your transaction into the next K blocks.  Since the miner's risk of losing the block race is not linear with the block size, the bribe that you need for that depends on the bribes that the other clients are paying; and they will be trying to fix their fees to get ahead of you. 


I do not understand that chart.  What is the quantity plotted, what are the units?
A median of 1 $/tx seems way too high.  The average fee is less than 0.01 $/tx,  IIRC.
Anyway, you cannot expect to find the right fee to use *during a traffic jam* by looking at the fees that were paid during a year when there never was a traffic jam.  It is totally the wrong data. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:10:22
The authors of the stress test have posted their plans and analyses on this subreddit.  They jave also posted on bitcointalk.  Just search for "Coinwallet".  The author of that article apparently did not see any of those posts.
By the way, Coinwallet.eu stated their support for Gavin's original proposal to lift the block size limit to 20 MB.
@_date: 2015-07-15 07:19:21
[This site]( shows this table:
    Bitcoin Core Fee Estimates -------------------
    Blocks ---- mBTC/KB
         1      0.88888
         6      0.38759
        12      0.11799
        24      0.04262
I understand that these fees are what BitcoinCore thinks that it should pay to be reasonably sure to get into the next block, into the next 6 blocks, etc., based on the state for the queue.  
These numbers were much higher 1-2 days ago: IIRC, at some point you had to pay 4 mBTC/kB to get into the next block.  
I gather that some other wallet apps also do this estimation.  Perhaps your wallet does it too, and it is set to pick one of those values.
@_date: 2015-08-14 23:04:02


Well, they may have been "rude and sloppy" stress tests. ;-) If they were spam attacks, they were very incompetent ones.  Since they used (AFAIK) fixed 0.2 mBTC/kB fees, any clients who paid slightly more than that would have gone through undisturbed.
Those "tests" were not harmless, for sure.  Many clients didnot know what whas happening and were unable to increase their fees.  Sometime during the last test, I got some data from [this site]( that showed ~5000 transactions with lower feees, trapped in the queue by the spam.  Those transactions probably were delayed by 2-3 days.  Does that mean 5000 users who "unadopted" bitcoin, then and there?


No, sorry, that use case is not legit.  
Bitcoin was designed and implemented to be a system for peer-to-peer internet payments without the need for a trusted third party.  Those who were given control of the Core implementation have a moral obligation to keep it usable for that purpose.  The devs should not care about those who use the system for other purposes, only because somebody else is paying all the costs.  If a change that is needed to preserve the original goal breaks such an opportunistic venture, well, it is that venture's problem.


It may not have been said explicitly, but the many details of the design (10 min block interval, for instance) show that it was not intended to be used for micropayments.
Some 25 years ago, where I worked there was a group of very bright people trying to design a crypto-based micropayment system (to be called "Millicent").  Of course, it had to be centrally managed; but that should have made the problem much easier.  Yet AFAIK they did not get very far, and eventually moved on to other projects.  Trying to do micropayments in bitcoin is sheer masochism... 8D
I suspect that the reasons why micropayments have not worked so far are economical and psychological, not technical.  Namely, somehow the customer must authorize every micropayment, even if by some automatic rule.  Having to take that decision is annoying: when you look up a cartoon or an article, you don't want to be distracted by that question.  Moreover, if that decision takes 15 seconds, and your time is valued 30 USD/hour, that decision alone costs 12 cents... 
Indeed, because of those obstacles, I cannot imagine an application where micropayments would be an improvement.  Common business sense says that a merchant should charge proportionallly to the value that consumers get from his goods or services, as seen by the consumers -- and not proportionally to how much those items cost to the merchant.  Thus, charging a video stream by the minute is not right, because the fun one gets is not proportional to the time watched.  Ditto for books, magazine articles, consumer assistance, ...  Even for erotic movies, viedogames, and background music, paying by the half-hour seems better than paying by the minute, for both parties. Or even "buffet" style pricing: pay a fixed amount, and play/watch as much as like for one week...


Well, the blocksize limit now is 1 MB/block, the effective channel capacity (observed during the stress tests) is ~750 kB/block, and yet the normal traffic is still only ~450 kB/block.  To me, that is proof that raising the block size limit will ***not*** lead to an increase in those transactions; or, said another way, it is not the 1 MB limit that is holding those transactions back. 
The technical aspects of bitcoin have been working fairly well, but the economic and practical ones have been a disaster.  The root of most of its troubles is that the price is 100 or 1000 times higher than what it should be.  if somehow it crashed back to 5 cents per BTC, all the problems that consume gigabytes of forum debates will disappear...
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:37:14


Maybe it is you who do not quite understand bitcoin?  For starters, holders (of bitcoin as investment) and users (of bitcoin as currency) are not the same thing; they are almost disjoint.
(Although I suspect that most of today's "users" are holders who are shilling -- making some purchases with bitcoin in order to inflate the adoption numbers.  People who use bitcoin for payments because they genuinely find it better than alternatives must be a small fraction of the total payments; which is already a small fraction of the total blockchain traffic.) 


And that INCREASES the price of the coin...


People who use bitcoin as currency, for payments through the internet, don't care about its reward schedule, or the sanctity of the established rules, or some imaginary Social Contract.  They will care about a fee hike only if it makes bitcoin less attractive than the alternatives; but, like any cartel, the miners would set the new fees taking that into account.  They will care about 4 Chinese pools being in control only if they think that those miners may interfere with *his* payment.
@_date: 2015-08-07 02:24:10
What does ~~Alcoholics Ano~~   never mind.
@_date: 2015-08-24 20:51:56
Ok, but then in what sense are those bitcoins "exported to the sidechain"?  That is, in what sense are the sidechain tokens ("sidecoins") being "backed" by those bitcoins?  
I mean, the sidechain clients would have to trust that at least 7 out of those 10 will agree to release the bitcoins to any client who wanted exercise the backing, by exchanging his sidecoins for bitcoins.  
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:34:29


The option of paying out claims as bitcoins seems so full of complications that I predict that he would just auction them and pay out in JPY (as the law specifies).  From his viewpoint, that demand by bitcoiners must sound like "I deposited crisp new 100 $ bills with the oversize Franklin head, I demand that my part of the spoils be paid also in crisp new 100$ bills with the oversize Franklin head".
EDIT: removed redundant comment about valuation of GOXcoins.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:20:49


I don't claim to be a saint myself. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-05 12:24:37
I am still trying to understand how the v3-invalid block mined by v2-running BTCNuggets was accepted by the v3-running miner F2Pool.
If F2Pool got it from a v3-running relay node, then the blame should be laid mostly on that node.  Relay nodes *should* check the validity of whatever information that they forward, since many clients rely on them.  Rewards and punishments should be applied first to them, rather than to miners.
If F2Pool got the bad block directly from BTCNuggets, or from a v2-running relay node, then the blame should fall on the programmer who allowed a v3 miner to receive blocks or transactions from v2 players without checking them.
Another possibility that occurred to me: perhaps F2Pool and/or the node that gave them the bad block did not realize that the condition for v3 to kick in had already occurred.  (AFAIK no one thought of programming a delay after the 95% majority event.) That could be the case if F2Pool's software had a slightly different view of the blockchain than everybody else.  Perhaps that v2 block that he received from BTCNuggets flipped the count to 949 in 1000? 
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:29:37
If some mining equipment is idle, it is because the cost of the electricity that it would consume is more than the value of the coins that it would mine.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 15:40:41
Any pizzeria could take 400 orders per second too.  "I would like to order 5000 pizzas: 3000 peperoni, 1500 mushrooms, and 500 margherita. And a large coke."
The number of transaction requests per second that gets into the queue is the "load" or "demand".  The important number is "capacity", how many the network can *process* peer second.  That is about 2.4 tx/s, with the current parameters.
@_date: 2015-07-29 05:47:17
There are only 850'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC (~30 USD) or more.  While there are many bitcoin users who do not keep their bitcoins in their own wallets, there are also many users who have multiple bitcoin addresses with coins in them.  Thus it seems very unlikely that there are more than 850'000 users, or even close to that number.
Also, about 120'000 blockchain transactions are issued per day.  Some active bitcoin users may use it only once a month, but some issue tens or hundreds of transactions per day.  An average of ~1 transaction per day per active user seems to be a reasonable guess.  By that argument, the number of users should be around 100'000.  If the average instead is ~1 transaction per user per week, then we het about 800'000 users, again.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:25:32
There is a "stress test" going on. Some entity that calls itself Coinwallet.eu announced that it was going to spend 5000 euros in fees in order to overload the network with random transactions, hoping to pile up  ~250 MB of unconfirmed transactions on the queues. (They just got to 45 MB a few hours ago and then relaxed, but may be resuming again now.)  
@_date: 2015-07-11 18:34:22


You would also need a way to prove that the earlier transaction was actually *issued* before the other.
Anyway, we are just discussing *why* an impossible thing is impossible...
Conside how this "stress test" or a malicious "spam attack" would/could develop if there was a fixed fee, instead of a variable fee and fee-based ordering of the queues.


You know well what I mean.  Replace-by-fee, child-pays-for-parent, or just issuing a transaction 10 hours later hand having it confimed before the one that was issued 10 hours ago.


If the network is not congested, clients will not care if others are getting a rebate for mass use: that is normal in business, and is accepted by occasional clients as long as it does not harm them.  Plus, the miners would not give a 99% rebate, but the rebate that maximizes their revenue.  Plus, try to think how the rebate would be negotiated and implemented, and you will see that it would not work. 
If the neywork were to be congested, the miners would have no interest in giving rebates.


First: again, queue-jumping by bribing miners can happen only when the network is congested -- and that is one good way to explain why the network cannot be allowed to be congested.  
Second, if the network gets congested by a spam attack, even in spite of the high minimum fee, a "fee market" will only make queue-jumping through bribes easier; will only make the problem worse, by making the jumping much more frequent, and forcing casual users to pay more without a guarantee of better service.  
Look at any business.  How often do you see a "powerful economic entity" bribing offstage a restaurant or bus line to jump the queue?  Now imagine how it would be if  their prices *and priorities* were openly set by an open auction...
@_date: 2015-07-29 14:44:32
My intelligence or intentions should not be of interest to anyone.  Whether the LN is viable should interest every bitcoiner.  Why don't you try to answer those questions instead?  Or ask Adam &amp; co. to answer them?
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:28:20
Some developers *want* the network to be congested.
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:48:06


@_date: 2015-07-08 22:44:42
Isn't Eligius run by Luke Dashjr?  He was proposing to reduce the max block size to 100 kB recently...
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:17:46


Do you have any numbers?  While many exchanges may have opened in the last 18 months, many have closed, and many have been hacked (to the point that "exchange was hacked" is no longer headline news.)


I must concede that:
From 2014-04-15 to 2014-09-15 (5 months) the price varied between ~420 and ~680: average ~550, variation ±23%.
From 2015-01-21 to 2015-07-21 (7 months) the price varied between ~210 and ~310: average ~260, variation ±19%.


No, I am just not starting my reasoning from the conclusion that "bitcoin is doing great" and then working backwards, trying to find excuses for the obvious things that are *not* great.  Like the fate of the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:06:28
ψ ψ ψ 
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:25:52
I stand by that statement.  
You are authorized to call me stupid when the Bitcoin Core developers issue a new release, with a hard fork scheduled by the end of 2015, to raise the block size limit to 2 MB or more.
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:38:44
A sidechain does not have to import BTC right from the start.  It can have its own tokens not pegged to BTC (footnote 6, if I well remember), but it does not have to issue them right away either.
@_date: 2015-08-10 02:47:40
Thanks!  Some numbers finally:


The units should be J/GH not W/GH (or, worse "w/GH").  I will have to do some math to figure out what that means for profitability.
The projection of "cost to produce 1 BTC could be as low as $7.45" seems too fantastic to be true, unless it used difficulty of 2013. 
The speed (GH/s) and area (mm^2) are still unknown.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 23:13:52


Indeed, that is not logic, it is a psychological trick.
I have explained several times, here and in bitcointalk, how that "attack" would work, in detail.  When the other side finally pays attention to what I actually write, instead of what he thinks that (as any stupid non-bitcoiner) should be writing, and realize that the standard replies do not apply, they admit that the mechanics are correct but the attempt will fail because bitcoiners will rather lose their investment than accept a change in the protocol.  And promptly erase the whole discussion from their minds.
So I am trying a different approach.  I gave enough hints for anyone to figure out how a miining cartel could, for example, postpone the next halving for 2 years (even keeping the final 21 million cap), or impose a raise of minimum fees, etc..  It would, however, require thinking like a cartel who *really* wants those 150 million dollars of extra revenue; and not like a bitcoiner who wants to believe that bitcoin is safe.
Perhaps, if people figure it out for themselves, they will take the risk more seriously.  Maybe.
@_date: 2015-08-05 21:34:08


Come on, you know what I mean.  To be valid in today's concept of Bitcoin, a block must satisfy tons of rules, including "Between blocks 21001 and 42000, the block reward must be 25 BTC. Between 420001 and 630000, the block reward must be 12.5 BTC".  In the cartel's version, there would be the same ton of rules, but "420000" woudl be replaced by "525000" and "420001" by "525001". 
(The defintion of "valid Bitcoin block" changed a few times in the past.  As recently as 2015-07-04, a few more rules were added to it by the core devs.)


You want it easy, eh?  OK: 
After that, the 20% v1 miners (whether part of the cartel, or non-cartel miners who opted for it) witll ignore B0(N), and start mining B1(N+1) on top of B1(N).  
Meanwhile, the 24% non-cartel v0 miners will ignore B1(N) and start mining B0(N+1) on top of B0(N).  But the 56% cartel v0 miners will ignore B0(N), and instead keep trying until they mine another **empty** block B0x(N).
So then there will be *three* blocks with height N: 
+ B1(N), with transactions issued by v2 clients, valid only under v1 rules;
+ B0(N), with transactions issued by v0 clients, valid only by v0 rules;
+ B0x(N), empty, also valid only under v0 rules.
Can you take off from that?
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:07:58
Coinwallet.eu, the entity that claimed responsibility for the test, said that they had 5000 euros (~5000 USD) budgeted for it. 
On the other hand, [this graph]( shows that normally fees add to ~20 BTC/day, but during the test the amount increased substantially.  The excess on those days was approximately
  9 + 25 + 30 + 22 + 19 + 17 + 26 + 14 + 8 + 8 + 7 + 5 + 25 = 215 BTC, 
whhich at today's price would be ~60'000 USD. Some of that money (possibly 55'000 USD, who knows) was spent by clients trying to get trough the backlog
Apparently there was [another 37 hour stress test]( yesterday.  The average normal traffic is ~1.4 tx/s, while the average during that test (which came in many short bursts) was ~4 tx/s.  This test apparently caused a total excess of 20--30 BTC over the normal daily fee amounts.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:20:18
Gold is yelow, shiny, and everybody knows that it is precious.  Bitcoins, well, they look just like dogecoins, or auroracoins; and nowhere as funny as a MAD magazine issue from 1958 ...
@_date: 2015-07-24 18:22:58
It is unlikely to be the bank itself.  But it may be some "blockchain startup" that is trying to sell its services to the bank...
@_date: 2017-11-04 23:06:50


If you tried to sell jet planes on the street no one would buy them either.  The market price of any stuff is defined in the markets *where the stuff is traded*.
Apart from catalytic car exhaust converters, platinum has a lot of industrial uses where it is hard to replace.  Its market value is largely due to that demand.
@_date: 2015-07-28 18:42:45
You mean, Coinbase ? ;-)
Huobi and OKCoin have more volume because they charge no fees, true.  So what?
Bitfinex has more volume than Kraken because of some other difference.  Why is that difference (watever it is) not relevant, whereas the difference in fees is grounds for disqualifying the Chinese exchanges?  
Perhaps some of that trade is fake, but I have looked at Huobi's trade data carefully for many months, and I never seen any evidence of that.
As for being "fractional reserve", that is only the allegation of a certain person with a penchant for "fractional truths"...
Fact is, the Chinese volumes *must* be disqualified for business reasons.  It would be very difficult to convince prospective investors to put their lie savings on an asset whose price will depend on the mood of an army of amateur Chinese commodity speculators, who appreciate bitcoin only because its price is a lot more volatile than that of fermented tea bricks...
@_date: 2015-07-09 19:45:56
You cannot avoid it, but you can make it more expensive, thus reducing the motivation and the opportunity.  
With 1 MB blocks, 120'000 tx/day of "normal" traffic, and 0.01 USD average fee, a spam attack costs as little as 25 dollars per hour.  
With 8 MB blocks and a min fee of 0.05 per output, a spam attack would cost at least 2500 dollars per hour.
@_date: 2015-07-10 15:29:58
At a higher level: the bitcoin network just cannot scale quickly enough beyond its present user base, period.  Its actual usage is much smaller than what the salesmen say:  not 2-3 million acive users, but maybe 200-300 thousand, at best.  It will not be able to serve 200 million in the foreseeable future, no matter how it is hacked.  
Lightning Network and Sidechains are not silutions for the scaling problem.  A "solution" must be something that has been invented and can be objectively expected to work.  LN and SC have not been invented yet; they are at the stage of Leonardo's helicopter, at best.
An overlay network that could take 99.999% of the bitcoin traffic off the blockchain, even if it were possible, would not be an extension of bitcoin.  It would be an entire payment system of its own.  Therefore it should be designed as such: start with the goals, including the intended capacity, then design the system from that, including its ledger(s), miners, nodes, whatever is needed.  I doubt very much that, when you get to designing these components, you will find that the bitcoin network is appropriate, in features and capacity.  That is, a payment network that can serve 1 billion people cannot possibly use bitcoins at all.
Moreover, an overlay network with hub and spoke architecture will not be at all "a system for peer-to-peer payments that does not rely on a trusted intermediary".  The hubs will inevitably be large companies, and customers will have to use 1 or 2 hubs if they want to buy from any specific merchant; and they will not want or afford to connect to more than 1 or 2 hubs themselves.  Then the hubs will have the power to block access, at the very least.  The hubs will have to implement AML/KYC, so there will be no anonymity and no protection from abusive hubs or governments.   In short, it will be just like the credit card and banking systems of today, with none of the features that are supposed to make bitcoin special.
@_date: 2015-07-30 16:45:27


Spam attacks are an irrefutable argument to **increase** the block size limit **now**, even before the natural traffic gets too close to the capacity (expected in early 2016).
In order to create and maintain a backlog of unconfirmed transactions (which is necessary for the attack to have any effect on clients) the attacker must issue more than C - N transactions per second, where C is the network's capacity and N is the normal traffic.  
Right now, with the 1 MB limit, C is about 180'000 tx/day = 2.1 tx/s, and N is 120'000 tx/day = 1.4 tx/s, so the attacker only needs to issue more than 60'000 tx/day = 0.7 tx/s.
With 8 MB limit, C shoudl be 8 times that, namely 1'440'000 tx/day = 16.7 tx/s, but N will be the same; so the attacker will have to issue 1'320'000 tx/day = 15.3 tx/s, which is "only" ~20 times what he needs with 1 MB blocks.  Moreover, any backlog that the attacker manages to create will be cleared ~20 times faster with 8 MB blocks than 1 Mb blocks, once the attack stops.
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:24:21


The block size is not relevant to this.  Small miners lose to large one because of economies of scale, location, etc.


*Some* *former* cypherpunks that are now in one profit-oriented company... ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-07 13:20:51
Turning the argument around: the last halving on 2012-11-28 had no effect on price, which remained flat for 5 weeks afterwards.
The mined coins cannot explain the large changes in the price that happened over bitcoin's history.  There have been huge rallies and huge crashes all along, none clearly connected to that single halving.  Surely that will continue to be the case in the future.  The next halving will not create a rally.
Besides, experienced traders claim that totally predictable events have no effect on price, because the market reacts to them well before they happen.  So the current price already accounts for the coming halving of the "inflation rate".
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:35:00


It is very confusing when bitcoin experts use the word 'consensus' in a technical meaning -- which seems to be just the opposite of its common meaning.  If the protocol is defined by *one* implementation, it is not established by conseesus, but by whoever maintains that implementation.


I don't understand this.  In both cases, especially in the 2010 one, the bug was in the most current posted version of the BitcoinCore.  
AFAIK, in 2010, the bug was fixed by posting a new version of the core and declaring as invalid all the blocks since the overflow exploit -- even though they had been generated with the then-current core version, and therefore should have been valid under the thesis "the implementation is the specification".


Not by anyone with the mindset of the bitcoin developers (old or new), no.




What part of what I wrote is false?  Who has commit control of the BitcoinCore code, and what are their company affiliations?
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:34:54
Payment Channels are to the Lightning Network like bricks are to a building.  So far, only the bricks have been invented and tested.  
Sidechains seems to be an empty concept: the definition is so vague that basically anything can be a sidechain.  A sidechain can have its own tokens not pegged to bitcoin; so it can import just one satoshi at the start and never use or return it.  Or not even that.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:00:33
If, and only if, a group of miners holding a majority of hashpower were willing to do that.  
Such a mining cartel could force a version of the protocol that includes an "exception table" -- specific past transactions that should be ignored, and/or specific new transactions that should be accepted even if their inputs are not correctly signed.
However, the MtGOX coins probably have been sold and re-sold many times by now, by people who are not aware of their origin.  So, like cash, they cannot be confiscated from their current owners; it would just create new victims in the attempt to redress MtGOX's  ones.   Instead, the people responsible for the MtGOX heist/fraud should be identified, and made to pay for it.
(It is widely claimed that the "economic majority" has more power than a mining majority.  But that is wishful thinking, a way to stop worrying about the fact that 70% of the hashing power is in control of 5 pools.)
@_date: 2015-08-12 16:35:48


Oh, that!  8D  It was a nonce joke, of course.  


Well, for most companies the money-making process is quite obvious.  Everybody will assume that your company, for example, plans to make money by selling hardware wallets.
In this [AMA session]( with Adam Back about Blockstream and sidechains, one question that he ignored was "How do you plan to make money and sustain yourselves?"


Suppose bitcoin's price drops to 0.10 USD/BTC.  All the mining industry will be gone, so bitcoin would not be more interesting than Dogecoin.  Everybody who invested in bitcoin for the hope of quick riches will dump and lose interest.  Traffic, in USD volume, will also drop -- because most of the bitcoin commerce today is investors trying to push the price up.  Then the bitcoin economy will be too small to justify a 21 million investment.


The investors at the time bought the plans that they had at the time, based on sidechains, as hinted on that page.


Inded, the best I can find is [this answer]( By Greg Maxwell to the question "What do the blockstream guys think about increasing the block sizes?": "*finding additional alternative ways of scaling Bitcoin is what stared me working on sidechains*"  (and a link to a bitcointalk thread on the topic).  
So apparently they figured out very soon that sidechains woudl not solve the scaling problem.  Still, [it seems to be a common misconception even now](  And Peter Todd was discussing tree-structured ledgers ("treechains") that would be a more efficient alternative to the linear block chain; I suppose that such alternatives would be implemented as sidechains.


I did not start using that phrase for bitcoin, and may have used it once or twice.  But yes, in my view, "moving the goalposts" is a very popular sport in Bitcoinland.  
You must agree that the purpose of bitcoin has been redefined several times since Satoshi's whitepaper: from "p2p payments without trusted intermediary" to "illegal payments", "destroy banks", "replace national currencies", "replace credit cards",  "inflation hedge", "confiscation-proof store value", "doomsday-proof store of value", "millionaire maker", "day-trading instrument", "settlement channel for remittances", "settlement channel for banks", "reserve currency", "forget the coin, the ledger is what matters", ... 
Finally, if LN, if it is viable at all and gets implemented, the blockchain will not be usable for its original goal, and the LN will be totally opposite to it... 
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:10:26


Each day there are 3-4 orphans that are 1-block reorgs.  Do you have a source for reorgs with 2 or more chained blocks in a row?


By systematically ignoring and orphaning every block B0(K) mined by a "faithful" miner with an empty block B0x(K).  Then all "faithful" miners will starve, and all v0 clients will be unable to move their coins.  Actually, worse than that: they may see their transactions be confirmed for a few blocks, then become unconfirmed again, and again, and again...  
Meanwhile, miners who upgrade to the v1 version and mine the v1/B1 branch will collect their share of the rewards in that branch, and clients who upgrade to v1 will find their coins where they were right after block B(N-1), and will be able to move them again.  As miners switch from v0 to v1 the cartel will also shift its power so as to maintain a majority on both branches.
The cartel will not need to spend any more hashpower for this than they did before the attempt, and will still collect all the rewards in the B0 branch (which they can sell if the attempt fails and the B0 branch resumes normal growth) and also the lion share of the rewards in the B1 branch (which will be "the" bitcoin, if the attempt succeeds).


What is called a 'soft fork' I prefer to call a 'mushy gooey sticky fork', because it is an incredibly complicated process that few people understand, can only be used by restrictive-type changes, is usually applied without proper warning to the community, and can easily end up with a split coin or a 'stuttering' blockchain.  
The BIP66 fork should have been a lesson on why soft forks are actually worse than hard forks.  However, in order to learn from experience one must be able to admit one's mistakes, which the "new devs" are apparently unable to do.
Anyway: once a change in the 'consensus rules' has been proposed and implemented as a new version of the software, there is no objective way to tell which one is the legitimate 'Bitcoin' and which one is the challenging 'Mehcoin'.  There are just two versions of the software that implement two different sets of consensus rules, vX and vY, that agree completely for all blocks up to some number N-1, but have different outcomes for some blocks with number N onward.  It does not matter whether the behavior before block N matches that of vX or vY after that block.  (Even the 'classical' Bitcoin has rules that change according to the block number, so the mere fact that vX (say) changes its behavior at block N is no reason to consider it the 'Mehcoin'.  Moreover, the plan to postpone the halving, that we are discussing, is a case where the 'change' consists in *not* changing the reward when it was programmed to change...)
What happens after the critical block number N depends only on the nature of the changes, and the fractions of mining hashpower that are running the two coins. 
If one version is only more restrictive the other (as in the BIP66 change), then there are two states for the network depending on which version has the more hashpower. 
In one 'split' state, the blockchain splits into two branches that grow at different paces.  (That is not quite a clean split of the coin, because transactions can still be executed in one branch or both branches, outside client's control; and client wallets may become inconsistent with both branches.)  
In the other 'stuttering' state, there is one main branch with more or less frequent short side branches that die after a while.  (Thus, for some clients, transactions will seem to be confirmed and then unconfirmed, possibly with double spends.) 
No mater how it starts after block N, the system may move back and forth between these two states, if the version that has the majority of the miners changes.  The system will stabilize to a single branch (apart from orphans due to propagation delays) only when all miners have switched to the same side.  (And, even then, the dead branch may rise from the grave at a later time, if enough miners decide to revive it.)  
This confusing situation will happen when changing to a more restritive set of rules, as in BIP66, but also when switching to a more liberal set.  Until the system stabilizes, the situation will be quite confusing to clients, possibly dangerous.  Clients will have to be told to stop using the system until all miners have switched to one version  -- as it had to be made after the botched BIP66 fork.  (But there is no way to tell whether *all* miners did so: even today there may be some small lone miner trying to mine pre-BIP66 blocks.  Moreover, SPV clients may get confounded by his blocks even if they upgrade to the winning version.)
There are other kinds of messy forks that are not discussed in the Bitcoin Wiki, but they have similar problems of confused clients, possibly with loss of coins.  
Considering that, I believe that the right way to introduce changes is to do an intentional clean coin split, at a predefined block number N a couple of months in the future, with clear warnings and explanations.  The transactions must be version-tagged or version-salted so that each transaction or block is valid for at most one version, never for both versions.  
If one version gets the support of a majority of the miners, most of the minority will probably follow them, and only one branch will be viable after the fork.  That will be 'the' bitcoin, and should retain basically the same value as bitcoin had before the fork.
If perchance both branches retain a large fraction of the miners, then the coin split will be justified, as the only way to allow miners *and clients* to choose freely between the two versions --- by using and trading either version, or both, independently.  Even then, each branch of the chain will grow normally, with no stuttering; and will die only if all miners abandon it.
@_date: 2015-08-16 21:23:18
That proposal was not meant to increase the block size limit, but rather to derail the other proposals and *prevent* any increase until 2017.
@_date: 2015-08-21 03:34:57
Another disadvantage of the payment channel is that neither the sender nor the receiver can move the locked-up bitcoins until the channel is closed by the receiver, or the specified timeout expires.  Even if no micropayments were sent. 
Another problem is that the receiver loses all the money paid, if he fails to close the channel before the deadline -- say, because his machine crashed, or the sender unleashed a DDoS attack, or his closing transaction was delayed because of a  traffic jam or spam attack on the bitcoin network.
Because of the above, if the sender intends to play a videogame for N minutes at P bitcoins per minute, he must lock N x P bitcoins for (N + 30) minutes or more.  
If, at the end of the N minutes, he decides to continue playing, he must issue another blockchain operation to lock more coins, and wait 10 min on average for it to confirm, before resuming the play.  (Or maybe wait a few hours, if the network is suffering a traffic jam or spam attack.)
Also the receiver can cash in the last payment without delivering the corresponding service (the last minute of the video, say).  (For a single payment channel from consumer to merchant, this is a trading problem, not a payment problem. However, when payment channels are used in the LN, I wonder whether the hub can steal or lose the last payment of a consumer, without passing it on to the merchant.) 
@_date: 2015-08-28 18:23:49
Would you like to cut short a conversation with a Blockstream or LN developer?  Ask him a tough question, like
1. Each payment channel needs at leat one on-chain transaction, that must lock up, for N days, enough bitcoins to cover all payments to be sent through the channel for those N days.  If the LN is supposed to carry 100 off-chain payments for each on-chain transaction, on average, then each payment channel must carry at least 100 payments, on average.  If Alice does 1 bitcoin payment per day, how many months of her salary would she have to lock up in advance, in the payment channel to her main hub?
2.  Alice has her monthly salary locked up for 30 days in a payment channel to her main hub.  She tries to pay her rent through the hub, but the hub fails to deliver the payment and refuses to release her coins.  She has to wait for the channel timeout.  Will her landlord accept that as an excuse?
3. A hundred consumers have locked up 10'000 bitcoins in payment channels to a hub, all with a timeout on the same date.  Almost all those coins have been spent, for goods and services already received and consumed.  If the hub fails to issue the last "checks" of those cutormers to the bitcoin network before the channel's timeout date, all the coins will return to them.  How much would it cost for some hacker to do a spam attack that prevents the hub from closing the channels on time?  
4. Alice locks 100 bitcoins for 1 month in a channel to a hub.  The hub must open payment channels to all the merchants and clients that Alice may want to send those coins to, and/or to further hubs.  How much bitcoin should the hub lock into each of those outgoing channels?  Where will those coins come from?  (They cannot be Alice's coins, right?)
5.  Suppose that Alice, an LN client, has all her expendable bitcoins locked into LN payment channels.  When Alice need to make a payment to Bob, who is not an LN client, she must ask her hub to close her channel so that he regains control of her coins, then she must issue the on-chain transaction to Bob, and re-open the channel to her hub with the remainder.  (She could also ask her hub to send bitcoins to Bob on-chain, without closing her channel; but the hub would then have to lend bitcoins to her, until the channel's normal closing.) A similar situation occurs when Bob pays Alice, and Alice intends to spend those coins through the LN.   In both cases, a payment between an LN client and a non-LN client will require two on-chain transactions in addition to the payment itself.  So, by the time 30% of bitcoin users have migrated to LN, 9% of the payments (LN to LN, 30% x 30%) will require zero on-chain transactions, 49% (non-LN to non-LN, 70% x 70%) will require one on-chain transaction, and 42% (LN to non-LN and non-LN to LN, 2 times 30% times 70%) will require three on-chain transactions.  That is almost 2 on-chain transactions per payment, on average.  Which means that, while it is gathering clients, the LN will actually *increase* the load on the blochchain.  So, how do the LN developers intend to force all bitcoiners to become LN clients at the same time?
There is more, but it shoudl suffice for now.  Each of those questions has been tested with several Blockstream and LN devs, and ended the conversation each time.  ;D
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:36:57


One cennot count as a "bitcoin user" someone who "uses" bitcoin only inside Coinbase or Circle, never withdraws BTC to an address of his own, and never issues a blockchain transaction.
Bitcoin reason to exist was supposed to be: a method for internet payments that does not need a trusted intermediary.  Using Coinbase as an intermediary defeats the whole point of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:52:48
Guns and violence is how businesses are supposed to be conducted in the libertarian dream state.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:35:54
A *mandatory* and *fixed* transaction fee of 0.10 USD per output (or even 0.05 USD) would make such attacks much less likely, and probably reduce traffic by 80-90% so that the block size limit issue would not be pressing for several years still.  The optional and indetermiate fee is stupid, and the contraptions that are being added to the system in the hope of making the "fee market" work are stupid squared.
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:07:44
You did not understand what I wrote. (No surprise there; the solution that the community found for the unsolvable centralization problem was to carefully avoid understanding it.)
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:29:06
This may be bitcoin's worst attack yet: BitcoinCore development overtaken by a bunch of irresponsible developers; whose agenda is to destroy it and drive all bitcoiners to their own payment system, that is totally unlike what bitcoin was supposed to be (and does not work actually, but that is an irrelevant detail).
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:52:30
You mean that the Greek crisis of last week was caused by the rise in the BTC price, and they now reached a deal with ECB/IMF because the price dropped?  Makes sense...
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:22:57
Such a fork would have to be a "clean" one, with transactions and blocks version-tagged in some way so that those intended for either version are always invalid for the other.  
To foil "bad samaritans", the tagging must be such that no one except the issuer can take a transaction intended for one coin and re-issue it for the other coin. (Salting the inputs with the version stamp before signing them would be a way to achieve this goal.)
The wallets also should be version-stamped so that one cannot use version "A" of the software with a version "B" wallet.   The wallet should be automatically or manually copied and stamped  before the first use after the fork.
Then any client would be able to move his A-coins and B-coins independently after the fork, each with the proper version of the software, even concurrently.
@_date: 2015-08-05 14:59:40
Actually you did not realize yet that I am totally disagreeing with you.  ;-)  Read my other comments.  Letting the network saturate is stupid.  Hoping that the ON will save bitcoin is stupid.  Hoping that the ON will somehow solve the mining cost problem is stupid...
@_date: 2015-08-28 22:24:17


That.  
Of course, an asteroid can be small enough to be relatively harmless.  But if you are thinking of making gold as cheap as scrap iron, you will need an asteroid with something like 100 billion tons of gold.  If the asteroid was 10% gold (an incredibly rich ore), it would be about the same mass as [this one]( Somehow I don think that there will be much bitcoin activity going on after that...
@_date: 2015-07-04 12:06:40
"SPV mining" is the miners working on the next block without checking whether the previous one is valid. 
 That was the main cause of the recent 6-block fork: F2Pool and AntPool were running an updated version of the software, so thet *could* have rejected the invalid block produced by BTCNuggets; but they did not bother to check it.  If the proof of work of each block also proved that the miner validated the previous block, that particular problem would have been avoided.
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:47:49
I say...
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:50:37
**IMPORTANT** Jeff Garzik has a [new poposal]( - just increase the limit to 2 MB in Nov/2015.  No voting, no further preprogrammed increases.
That is nice and simple, and delays congestion for a couple of years.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:48:01
The network has operated well below saturation for the past six years.  The new devs have decided, without telling anyone, that it must be permanently saturated so that users are forced to bid for space, fees rise until only large entities can afford to use it, and most of the current uses are pushed out to off-chain services.  
@_date: 2015-08-31 20:17:46
That may be a possible reply by the Committee... But the mere possibility of creating the symbol by composition does not disqualify a proposal. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:14:40
Coinwallet.eu (claimed to have a budget of 5000 euros for their stress test, whose stated goal was to create a 200 MB backlog.  Which they did, after one aborted attempt.
That 200 MB test apparently used minimal fees.  It was followed by two more tests, possibly by some other entity, that used mostly (or only) transactions with 0.2 mBTC/kB fee.  Those reached ~80 MB of backlog, IIRC, and may have delayed by a couple of days a few thousand transactions that were paying less than that.
@_date: 2015-08-12 06:04:46


As long as someone is creating blocks at a reasonable rate, bitcoins will stil have a dollar price.  But I am sure that you did not mean that.  


You are a hardware wallet maker, right?  Your venture is honest enough -- manufacture something that others want.  At a "practical philosophy" level, the sanity of the bitcoin economy is not your concern.  
However, at a higehr level, your company too is profiting from the investment pyramid.  If it wasn't for it, there would be far fewer bitcoin users, bitcoins would be worth fractions of a penny, and no one would put serious money into bitcoin -- so there would be no market for your company. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 19:22:18
In the libertarian utopia you are supposed to defend your property with your own guns or with paid mercenaries, since the state does not have guns and cannot do violence when someone robs you.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-08-15 11:08:33
Thanks for the trouble, but I know all that.  What are you objecting to in my comment, exactly?  
My point was that the usual way to do a hard fork, which you correctly describe, has some serious risks for clients.
First, even though 75% of the miners announced that they are running the big-block (BB) version, it may happen by chance that the small-block (SB) branch will get longer than the other, right after the actual fork (which, by the way, may happen long after the BB software has lifted the limit).  Then some or all BB miners may choose to mine on top of the SB branch, because it is valid for them too, and it is longer; and they may create only small blocks, because there is not enough stuff in the queue to fill 1 MB.   So the SB branch will continue to be mined by both groups, until another oversize block gets created, some time later.  Some BB miners may notice that the BB branch was left behind, and may decide to switch back to the SB version until they figure out what happened.  That may abort the switch...
Or: once the chain splits, a double-spend may occur by acident or malice.  From that point on, three transactions T1,T2,T3 issued by the same client may have different fates: T1 may be valid on the BB branch but invalid on the SB one, and vice-versa for T2, while T3 is valid (and gets confirmed) on both.   Even if the branch stuttering described above does not occur, If one of those clients uses both versions of the software (e.g. on a laptop and on his smartphone), he will get quite confused; and his wallet may get in a state that is inconsistent with both branches.
And so on.  Do you agree that these events are possible, even with a hard fork, if it is done in the "traditional" way?  
As I understand, similar confusions can happen with soft forks too.  In fact, it does not really matter whether the new ruleset is more restrictive or less restrictive than the old one.  As long as one of them is strictly a restriction of the other, the system can evolve in the same ways, and some of them ain't pretty.
That is why I think that any rule change should be implemented as a *clean split*: after the critical block number, *every* transaction, block, or wallet that is valid for one version of the software must be invalid for the other, and vice-versa.   Clients who don't upgrade in time may still get confused, and peer-to-peer payments between two such clients may get undone later; but once a client upgrades his wallet will be in a consistent state. 
@_date: 2015-08-09 19:26:22
I have read the bitcoiners' arguments a thousand times, literally.  Those arguments don't convince me, but that is not important.  The problem is that they don't convince 99.99% of the people out there...


Rather: just like shares of a gold fund, that does not have any gold.


Not when 99.99% of the jobs don't pay in bitcoin, and 99.99% of the things you want to pay for do not accept bitcoin.
Note that it is not enough that it is *possible* to buy things with bitcoin.  Bitcoin must be *better* than other forms of payment in some sense.  Right now, i would bet that 95% or more of the purchases made via BitPay are from bitcoin believers, who buy with bitcoin in order to lift its price, not because it is a better way to pay.


Everybody knows the answer to that.  With cash, chip-enabled credit cards, or paypal: less than one minute, usually.  
I suppose that you are referring to what goes on "under the hood" after a credit card or paypal payment.  That is irrelevant to the consumer.  With very few (and unavoidable) exceptions, the payment can be considered confirmed on the spot.  


Not if the "new devs" have their way.  Peter Todd, for instance, thinks that zero-confirmation payments are "wrong" and even tried to sabotage them by persuading a large miner to implement the 'unsafe' RBF.
@_date: 2015-08-10 02:23:57
I recall a ton of noise, a few months ago.  But never saw any specs.
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:50:31


That is my second case above: holders dump their coins at any price, which will be for pennies mostly.   Assuming that there are not enough people willing to buy at 180 $/BTC, betting on an eventual recovery of the price.
Note that the rewards schedule is arbitrary.  Suppose the schedule is changed to 25 BTC/block until 2018, then halving every 2 years. A Martian who lands after the change will never understand why that schedule is unacceptable, whereas halving every 4 years starting in 2016 would be fantastic.


The price is irrelevant for the use of bitcoin as currency, as long as it is stable enough in the short term (weeks).  If the price drops to 1 $/BTC, bitcoin users will just use more bitcoins to send the same USD volume.
A substantial price drop would harm miners, but the price may recover later (because the change need not alter the fundamental properties).  Then the miners would be hurt temporarily, while the holders would lose their money permanently.  Therefore most holders will *not* dump, but instead will try to defend the change as 'good for bitcoin'.  Therefore the miners will not be punished...
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:26:35


Me too.  But one can lie with true statements too -- if they are chosen and worded with the intent to make others believe on something that one knows to be false. 
Who knows what "customers served" really means...  
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:12:42
My comment above was not directed at yours specifically, but to most of the previous comments (e.g. "Mike is toxic").
Anyway, I think that Mike is right when he points out that soft forks are not really safer than hard forks.  They too can lead to substantial reorgs or coin splits, depending on how the players switch between the two versions.   To me, the claim that soft forks are better than hard forks is not based on logic.
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:15:04
Why?  Withdrawal and deposit of LTC would take ~5 min expected time, whereas with BTC they would take ~20 min.
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:12:01
Those pages fail to understand the real extent of the power of a majority mining cartel.
"Someone with a gun cannot take your money, make you move or don't move against your will, get information from you, prevent you from dialing for help,  etc.  The worst he can do is make a hole on your body."
@_date: 2015-08-31 20:53:33
Why do you say so?  Have they been accepting logos recently?
@_date: 2015-08-08 01:10:39


Indeed I am lost there.  
OK, bitcoin has a known issuance (inflation) schedule that tends exponentially to zero, and therefore a finite final supply.  Several other things are even better, they already have a finite, fixed supply -- like old (out-of-print) postage stamps, or real estate on the Moon.
I suppose that any transportabe item has a value "independent of geographic location", since any unbalance will be neutralized by trade; unless the item is artificially restricted or banned in some regions, like Bitcoin in China or Ecuador. 
But how could an item, even with fixed or predictable supply, serve as "ideal money" or "global money standard", if its value (defined, say, as its purchasing power against a broad range of goods and services) is not stable?
Bitcoin obviously cannot be a reserve currency.  Before it becomes one, its value would have to stabilize.  Or, at least, to become minimally predictable.
The purchasing power of gold seems to have remained constant, within a a factor of 2, from 1914 to 1971.  I don't know why, but I would guess that it was stabilized by monetary management by the US, and perhaps other countries.  
I cannot imagine how Bitcoin could get even close to that level of price stability -- and inspire enough *trust* in its future stability.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:49:43
Well, that is what it looks like.  
Opening a Payment Channel is not a trivial matter for the originator, since she must lock up a substantial amount of bitcoin for a long time, wait for the opening transaction to be confirmed on the blockchain, and pay the corresponding fee.  But it is not a trivial thing for the receiver either, because he must be prepared to receive and record the IOUs in a ledger of his own, and must close the channel with the last IOU at the right moment.  (The closing must not happen too early, otherwise the sender may be unable to make last-minute payments; not too late, or the receiver will lose all the coins that he got through the channel.) The receiver must also pay the fee of the closing transaction, and therefore he must require that the sender starts off with an IOU for that amount.  Because of these and other hassles, it seems that a merchant like Walmart or Mama Joana Pizza will not accept payment channels directly from clients, but will instead have one payment channel from some hub, and take all LN payments through that channel.   That hub will have to be a licensed one, of course.
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:32:12
One cannot count as a "bitcoin user" someone who keeps all his bitcoins in Coinbase or Circle, and never withdraws or issues a blockchain transaction by himself.  One cannot count as a "bitcoin user" someone who acquired some bitcoin out of curiosity, used it a couple of times, and then gave up on it.
Last time I cehcked, there were less than 850'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC (~30 USD) or more in them.  While that is not a direct measure of users, it is evidence that the number of bitcoin users is quite a bit less than 1 million.  
If there were 1 million bitcoin users, each user would issue 1 blockchain transaction every 8 days, *on average*.  Since some users issue hundreds or thousands of transactions per day, that number seems rather low. 
@_date: 2015-08-09 01:39:40


We are discussing two different things in parallel: a majority cartel attempting to force a change in the rules, and simpler forks that may be controversial but are motivated by development or maintenance.  It is getting confused.
Anyway: As long as the cartel sticks together, it will collect 100% of the rewards in the old chain, instead of 70%.   It will miss only the tx fees, that will pile up in the queues; but those will be negligible.  If the attempt fails, the cartel will retain all those coins.  From there on it will get 70% of all the revenue from the old chain, as beefore: 70% of all future block rewards, and 70% of all transactions fees, including those that it failed to collect during the attempt. 
If the attempt succeeds, on the other hand, the cartel will have the 70% share of the rewards and fees in the new chain that it collected during the battle.  Moreover, by postponing the next halving for 2 years, for example, the cartel will get 0.70 x 12.5 x 144 x 365 x 2 x 265 = 240 million dollars of extra revenue.  
So, there is no incentive for a member to defect (even because he will starve to death if the cartel retains a majority power). There is a very strong incentive for the cartel to succeed, and even the miners who are not part of the cartel, but accept its change to the schedule, will profit if the cartel wins.


(We are now discussing development forks.) That is not a stable situation.  Depending on whether the majority is with the more restrictive or more liberal version, there will be either two separate branches (' split' state) or one branch with frequent orphaned branches (' stuttering'  state).  There will still be lots of confusion among an unknown percentage of clients due to the stuttering blockchain and transactions not being version-tagged.  See the BIP66 fork and the advice to clients to wait 30 confirmations...
(By the way, the most mind-bogling detail in this war is seeing that the "new devs"  have less than zero regard for any clients, except themselves.  They seem to consider clients as a nuisance, and SPV clients as vermin that deserves anything bad that may happen to them.  It must be the hacker's culture...)
Plus, in either state the balance of power could wander back and forth around 50%.


(Still discussing general updating fork.) Last time I read the wiki, it considered only changes that make the rules more strict, or more forgiving.  Of course there are other possibilities: since the new rules need to apply only for future blocks, they may allow some cases that were forbidden *and* vice-versa.  They may even have an empty intersection (which is desirable for a clean coin split).  Plus, either implementation may allow blocks that it never generates, or generates very rarely.  Etc.


(Now we are back to the topic of a cartel forcing a change?  Or still discussing development forks? If the latter, messy forks or clean forks?) 
In the case of a cartel-imposed rule change, the large holders would have only limited power against a majority cartel.  They could dump their cartelcoins on the exchanges, assuming that these have already upgraded to cartelcoins or started carrying both versions.   But the holders would not be able to move their oldcoins while the cartel keeps up their attack -- or never, if the cartel succeeds in driving the value of the oldcoins to zero.  At the very least, it seems to be a risky strategy for the holders.  The other alternative for the holders -- accept and support the cartel' s change seems a lot less riskier, since it has the support of the miners.
If the topic is an accidental coin split after a controversial fork, sure, the clients could influence the values of the two coins and hence indirectly influence the miners' choices.  Hopefully the rule change was made for a good reason, so the new version will have everybody's favor. If the change was controversial (like the block size limit increase), then that may be the best solution: let the coin split in two, and let the market -- a true free market, not the bogus "fee market" -- decide how much each version is worth.


The equilibrium is unstable only if the two coins are somewhat equivalent.  In that case, the slide to a single survivor is the desired outcome, and should be the rule (even because everybody knows it in advance).  
But, if the two coins are different enough to cater to different markets or users, both may survive.  The block size limit issue could be resolved by splitting the coin in two: an 'elitecoin' for use in high-value settlements, with very high fees; and a 'rabblecoin' with low fees for person-to-person transactions. (Although I bet that the elitecoin would be totally inviable, for many reasons.)
@_date: 2015-08-03 03:34:36


Obviously I did not mean that 4 is half of 400... only that 400 PH/s does not mean much for the securuty of bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is like a bank safe with 1-mile-thick steel walls, and a complicated lock on the door that breaks down now and then and is dismantled daily for maintenance by a technician sent by its Chinese maker, who works alone after the bank closes and has a key to the back door.
As for your Brazilian tirade about the Olimpics,: either you don't know Brazil, or you are Brazilian and vote for the right wing parties -- who created the favelas, and also the trillion-dollar public debt that costs 60 billion dollars per year to serve, and who hate the poverty relief programs of the current federal government as being "wasting money with people who deserve to be poor".  Which one is it?
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:10:03
"You" = me, or bitcoin's The Onion?
@_date: 2015-07-21 14:59:07
But it is useless. The "new devs" desperately want the network to saturate as soon as possible; so they will never accept ***any*** proposal that delays saturation, even if only for another year or two.
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:57:38




That should be reason enough to stay clear.  
If you can't sue the seller for failing to deliver, you may safely assume that it is a scam.
@_date: 2015-08-16 00:16:43
The number of posts and up/downvotes you make on various forums could be used by you boss as Proof-of-Non-Work.
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:18:17


I ask again: does a higher orphan rate really *actually* make a difference to the miner's revenue?  It does not reduce the total revenue, so it must only shift some revenue from some miners to other miners.  Since the Chinese miners have &gt;50% of the hashpower, perhaps they will come out slightly ahead of the non-Chinese in this regard.
Second, would a larger block size **LIMIT** (not block SIZE, dammit!) *really* increase the orphan rate, or give some miners an advantage over others?  Obviously it will not make any difference until *actual* block sizes get beyoind 1 MB; and then it would adversely affect only the miners issuing those blocks.
And I insist that the orphan rate is a red herring: as in my previous comment, what matters is the expected revenue E(S) for one miner, as a function of S; and the minimum fee F must be large enough to make E(S) and *increasing* function of S, so that miners have an incentive to clear the queue instead of mining smaller blocks.


What the Chinese miners were (are) doing is not "SPV mining" but something more radical, "stealing" the parent block hash from other pools.  This shortcut is much more effective than plain SPV mining (which might not even give them an advantage),  but forces the "thief" to mine an empty block intil he receives the parent block through the usual route.  If he solves the empty block before that, it has to send it out anyway.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:45:23
Hard to tell.  It could be the big-blockians (Gavin and Mike's fans) trying to give the public a taste of what a congested network feels like.  It could be the small-blockians (the  "new" core devs) who cannot wait to see the network get congested naturally, as they have decided that it should be.
@_date: 2015-07-23 11:11:56


If they are still using that address, they must have the key.  In that case, if you insist enough, they may agree to send the bitcoins back to the address that they came from.  
However, if the address was a throwaway one, generated by them only for the purpose of a specific prior deposit, they *may* have discarded the key.  If so, your coins are lost.
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:53:23
If the general expectation for the future price was "at most 1% per year increase", then no one would want to hold bitcoins, since there are many other investments that pay more than that and are less risky than bitcoin.  People would only buy bitcoins for use in international payments, perhaps, and not hold on to them.  The price would then be set by the money veolcity equation: P = Q x T / N where Q is the total volume of payments made (USD/day), T is the average time between re-use of the same coin (days), and N is the total amount of currency in circulation (BTC).  
With the current estimate of Q (optimistically, 5 million USD/day) and assuming T = 14 days, N = 14 million BTC, we would get P = 5 USD/BTC orless  That is the price we would see if there was no speculative investment (i.e. no people holding BTC in the expectation of significant price increases) .
if the price were expeced to grow 1% per year, the volume of payments Q would have to grow ~10% year in the short term (to compensate for the increase in N) and ultimately at 1% per year.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:06:32
The max block size limit was lowered from 32 MB to 1 MB by Satoshi himself, in order to prevent a perceived "big block attack" (a miner generating excessively large blocks, by accident or malice).  
The original 32 MB limit was imposed by other network constraints.
On that occasion, Satoshi noted that he limit could be increased later, when needed, by a hard fork.
A fixed limit, known to and valid for everybody, is necessary for practical programming considerations.   If there was no hard limit, a malicious miner could mine a huge block with some carefully chosen size S, that would be too large to be handled by (say) 20% of the clients, or by all clients running some smartphone wallet app, or some rival miner; but still small enough to be accepted by a majority of the relay nodes and miners.  Once that block got included in the blockchain, it could permanently disable those resource-limited players.  A malicious miner may also find a way to use huge blocks to delay other miners.
If there is a fixed block size limit known to everybody, every programmer will know how much memory, disk, network bandwidth etc. his programs will need in order to handle any valid block that the miners may produce.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:42:21
I am still waiting for ANYONE from the small-blockian camp to deny that their intention is to make direct person-to-person payments inviable, and drive most bitcoin users to off-chain solutions, even before the LN is in place.
I suppose that they cannot even lie about that, because that must be what they promised to their investors...
@_date: 2015-08-07 13:11:13
less revenue -&gt; miners close shop -&gt; hashrate decreases -&gt; difficulty decreases.  
No problem for me, or for people using bitcoin for e-shopping.  May be a problem for bitcoin investors, bitcoin payment processors, and companies trying to sell the bitcoin blockchain as a secure database.
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:37:07
I am not conflating it; I would rather keep its common meaning, thank you.  
I am just realizing that it has a different meaning in Libertarian jargon/ideology, and that puts both Wikipedia policies and the bitcoin governance debate in a different light.  I am not sure that I understand the nuances yet, but at least I know now that when the word is used, it is not in the sense "near-universal  acceptance by the bitcoin community".
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:24:31


[No, it hasn't]( Since Apr/2014, it has been surprisingly flat, between 50 and 70 M$/day. 
On the other hand, the [number of transactions per day]( that was just as flat between Apr and Jul/2014, started growing linerarly by ~5000 tx/day per month, and has now almost doubled (from 60'000 to 120'000 tx/day).
If that is not fake traffic for shilling purposes, it is a good imitation of it...  ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:45:36


Exactly.  A mining majority can orphan all the blocks found by minority miners, and all other players are bound to use the majority's chain even if it has only empty blocks, or bogus transactions generated by the miners themselves.  (Rejecting the majority chain in favor of a minority one would mean discarding the very principle that is supposed to make bitcoin work.)
However, I don't think there will be much "desperation".   Some cursing maybe, a few irredutible rebels; but, if the cartel uses a modicum of marketing and buys space on the bitcoin "news" sites, most users will just upgrade before the fork, just to avoid the hassle, and even speak out in favor of the change -- to preserve the value of the coin.
Suppose the mining majority wanted to postpone the next halving by 2 years, and speed up the following ones so as to preserve the 21 million limit.  How many bitcoin users do you think would be upset about that?  My guess is 1000 or 2000 at most; 99% will not understand the change, and will not care to understand... 
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:07:38
You are in the US connected to CoinbaseHub, that refuses to send your 25$ donation to Wikileaks.  Wikileaks has only a connection to WikiHub that refuses US customers or hubs because it does not have a US money transmitting license.  A direct blockchain transaction has a 20$ fee, and breaking your channel to CoinbaseHub to free the coins you have locked with them costs another 40$.  You had a channel with LibertyHub where you loked 10 BTC for 6 months, but LibertyHub was closed by the St Kitts police at the requesi of the FBI...
The Lightning Network is to bitcoin like tarditional banking and credit cards is to cash.  Banks use cash, but they are not cash...
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:00:55
Further down that comment thread he writes:


I suppose that means that there will not be even a 2 MB increase in the Core, then.
@_date: 2015-07-26 15:01:37
Increasing the block size limit will not harm the security of the network in any sinificant way.  In fact, it will make the network more robust against spam attacks and will avoid the very real and huge damage that would be caused by natural saturation.  "node concentration" and "higher orphan rate" are just FUD that the Blockstream devs are spreading because they have no real arguments against increasing the block size limit.
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:21:08
He did not have to worry about the limited number ranges of Excel and javascript.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:16:24
Yes, that is why I wrote "minimum in each output".
@_date: 2015-07-24 01:01:14


if you define "function" strictly in the technical sense, Yes -- I suppose that it can "function" with only 1 hub and 2 clients, who do exactly one payment in their entire lives.  
I mean "function" in the sense that 
(a) people will want to use it; and 
(b) it will allow bitcoin to serve a billion users in a not too remote future, and
(c) it will still have the essential properties of bitcoin.
Well, starting with (c): the LN will not be bitcoin, even if it uses bitcoins as units of value.  Hubs will have to be large companies, like Visa and MasterCard (only called "Circle" and "Coinbase", perhaps) , that will have to be licensed and therefore will require AML/KYC, will know all your payments nominally and can block them at will.  It will charge oligopoly-level fees and provide oligopoly-style service.  
The LN will be almost the exact opposite of what bitcoin was conceived, designed, and implemented to be: a system for peer-to-peer electronic payments that did not depend on a trusted third party or central authority.
Given that, item (a) is quite problematic: if the LN is not bitcoin, what does it give its users that is not better provided by the bitcoin network, or by traditional network payment systems?  
In fact, that is the best explanation I can think of for Blockstream's desperate attempts to prevent any increase in the block size limit: because the LN will not be able compete with an 8 Mb or even 2 MB bitcoin network.
And as for (b): if the LN is supposed to remove 99.99% of the bitcoin transactions from the blockchain, as Adam claimed, then it must execute at most one on-chain transaction for each 10'000 LN payments. Even assuming that the average LN consumer will make 10 payments per day, that means each LN client will generate, directly or indirectly only 1 blockchain transaction every 3 years.  Which means that he will have to keep all his circulating bitcoins locked up in the LN for that long.  Which means that he cannot do any bitcoin payment *except* thhrough the LN.  Which means that *almost all* other bitcoiners will have to be in the LN, too...
In short: the LN will not be bitcoin, is unlikely to be competitve with alternatives, and will not achieve its goal of reducing traffic on the bitcoin blockchain until is has nearly all bitcoiners on board.
@_date: 2015-07-19 22:07:15
I think they were one of the earliest major businesses to "accept bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-07-20 15:50:45


"Hero" only means he has been a member for long enough and posted enough posts.  (I am a Hero member of bitcointalk myself.)
@_date: 2015-07-29 07:01:06
Thanks for the praise, but I wasn't "there" in the same sense of being a pioneer computer hobbyist.  
My first contact with the internet (email) was in 1979, when I started my grad studies in the US.  I used the internet continuously since then, but only from inside the university and research labs, not from home.  My first personal computer was a Commodore C64, which I bought at the department store in the same cart as my groceries; but I did not get to do much hacking with it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:41:19


From [this chat log](




@_date: 2015-07-03 14:39:24
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:31:33
I have no respect for those who have not yet learned why laws and governments were invented many millennia ago, and why no society on Earth has been able to survive without them.  
@_date: 2015-07-07 02:28:05
Blockchain.info broke down duting the first stress test.  They don't seem to be actively maintaining their statistics services, so they may have broken down again.
@_date: 2015-07-09 03:13:55
Mark lied about the solvency status, and kept deposits enabled when he knew that he could not honor withdrawals.  
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:10:19
If there is no one willing to buy Alphacoins, then the fork will not be a fork really: all the value will remain in the Beta branch.  That is exactly what you wish would happen at an unavoidable hard fork (and is what happened at the overflow and database forks).  Since everybody gets the same amount of both coins, no one will lose anything. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:27:49
Sorry, but there is a huge difference between productive and speculative investments (even though the former can be used for speculation too).  
Bitcoin-the-technical-experiment is great.  
Bitcoin-the-p2p-currency sort of works, but has many limitations and flaws, that may or may not be fixable. 
Bitcoin-the-speculative-gambling-game is OK if the players know it is gambling, unless one gets pathologically addicted to it.  
Bitcoin-the-investment is a pyramid scam.
@_date: 2015-07-04 22:09:56
They are victims, indeed: victims of the devs who chose to do a risky and ill-thought manoueuver to make the fork inconspicuous.
@_date: 2015-07-23 02:56:24
That is one proposal, yes.  But miners can quickly switch back and forth between the two chains at little cost, so that does not guarantee that the XT chain will have 75% of the mining power after the block size limit change goes into effect.
Also, the blockchain vote does not tell how many clients and relays node have upgaded.  If important exchanges and services refused to upgrade to XT, those 75% of the miners may choose to revert to the Core version. (Conversely, if some key exchanges or services upgrade to XT before the fork, their customers will proably want to upgrade too, and the miners may follow suit.)
@_date: 2015-07-03 11:13:52
18 months is not a long period, and a 75% drop is not "stability/modest gains"...
@_date: 2015-07-09 02:37:21


Of course.


If graylisting will happen, it will be done by agencies outside bitcoin, on their own; and there isn't much that bitcon can do to prevent them from doing it, and using or abusing the gray taint.  Whether it is workable or not is their problem.  Greylisting should not be a developers' concern.
@_date: 2015-07-23 11:51:54
Those 3 actually are in broad agreement that the block size limit must be increased.  And that idea is also approved by mist miners, exchanges, and other businesses.
It is the other devs, mostly affiliated with Blockstream INc, that are adamantly opposed to any increase in the block size limit -- because they want the network to become saturated as soon as possible, so that person-to-person use is driven to off-chain providers like Coinbase, and the blockchain can be repurposed to be a settlement channel for future "bitcoin banks".
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:35:23
True.  But all I am saying in the original post is that the 500'000 $/day of reward that the miners will lose cannot be compensated by transaction fees.  The hypothetical "fee market" that would be created by artificially limiting the capacity of the network will only limit user adoption; it will not drive fees up to the necessary level.
@_date: 2015-08-16 23:07:07
It is an unpleasant prediction, I know.  But what is really wrong with it?  See [here]( what usually happens when a single buyer decides to gorge on bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-07-08 22:42:26


No matter how you hack the priorities, the average wait time in the queue will be exactly the same.  Every time you bump the priority of one transaction to get it through faster, some other transaction will be forced to wait longer. 
A wallet cannot estimate the fee needed for higher priority because it depends on information that it does not have: what will be the highest 2500 fees that the other clients ***will*** choose for the transactions that they ***will*** issue in the next 10 minutes or so until the next block gets mined.  


The problem is that there is no way to distinguish a legitimate transaction from a spam one.  If necessary the spammer will prepare a large number of unspent outputs well in advance, at a slow pace, with amounts and addresses chosen to imitate real transactions.  And then spend all those transactions in a short interval of time.
@_date: 2015-07-19 02:19:51
Thanks, but read it carefully.  He does not say that they intend to preserve person-to-person traffic in the blockchain.  
The Blockstream folks have been saying that in order to "create massive economic value – for everyone in the Bitcoin universe, including individual users, businesses of all types, developers, entrepreneurs, and investors", person-to-person traffic must be driven out of the blockchain, to the Lightning Network.  Reid's statements above are quite consistent with that plan. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:36:38
The bribes are not publicly vievable, because they are in transactions that ***will*** be issued within the next ~10 minutes by 3500 clients who are all trying to figure out the proper fee, or that ***will*** be re-issued by some unknown subset of the 10'000 clients whose transactions are in the pool.
@_date: 2015-07-23 02:16:56


Indeed it was a boon to the miners.  However, even if they collected 55'000 USD net of extra fees, that is only 0.4% over the 14'000'000 USD of the block rewards that they collected during those 2 weeks.
On the other hand,if the author of the test is a miner with 20% of the hashpower, that test may have paid for itself, and perhaps even generated a small profit.  Then that miner could keep the test running indefinitely, even increasing the fees littleby little...
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:50:47
Blockstream and the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:50:49
The protocol should enforce a hard minimum fee per output, (say) 0.2 mBTC (~6 US cents at current price).  To start with.  
That would solve a bunch of problems, including node overload and the need for a block size limit increase, for ayear or more.  (Unfortunately, several of them are problems that influent people do *not* want to solve.)
@_date: 2015-07-24 21:48:51


Lightning will not be ready in time to reduce the load.  There isnot even a complete edsign yet.  One cannot yet tell whether it will be economically viable.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:14:31


If you watch the order books for a short while, for example [OKCoin's]( you will notice orders being placed, removed, and re-paced at different prices, all the time.  You will see that, whenever a trade opens up a gap between bids and asks, dozens of small orders will immediately appear to fill that gap.  And so on. 
The very volume and number of trades implies that it must be day trading.  I don't know how many trades Huobi does per day, but it must be millions.  Yet they claim to have only 10'000 or 20'000 active users.  The *average* number of trades per user per day is definitely more than 10, maybe 100 or more.
Back in May/2014, scared by the pressure put on them by the PBoC, the top five Chinese exchanges issued a joint statement pledging to clean up their act in several ways; including placing a curb on high-frequency "robot" trading, that was causing the "human" traders to lose money.
Technical Analysis (TA) is the art (or pseudoscience) of looking for patterns in price charts in an attempt to predict future price movements. There are tons of posts in blogs and forums about TA of bitcoin prices, all directed at day-traders. 
The longest and most active thread by far in bitcointalk.org is the [Wall Observer thread]( that is frequented by day traders.  ("Wall" is their jargon for a large entry in the order book.) Even though it has slowed down a bit in the last months, it still receives hundreds of posts a day, discussing the smallest price and order book moves.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:03:49
The size of the blocks is not relevant to the miners who actually do the hashing, because they work only on the block header, which is independent of the block size.  The pool managers will eventually (in a few years) have an increased internet load, and pools with slower connections may be at a disadvantage.
Ordinary CPUs cannot compete with ASICS, that are designed to do only one operation, computing the SHA hashes.  A desktop miner can do a couple trillion hashes per second, using maybe 1 kW of power.  Each hash requires hundreds of instructions, and the fastest CPUS can do only a few billion instructions per second.
@_date: 2015-07-09 17:11:24
... and, now that Gavin is out of the way, seem to think that the bitcoin network is their property, and intend to turn it into an internal part of a system that is the exact opposite of what bitcoin was supposed to be, and intend to make bitcoin unusable by individuals, so that bitcoiners will be forced to use that network...
@_date: 2015-07-21 04:46:40
You must be referring to [this chart](  The 50 million USD per day figure includes lots of transactions that are not payments, but merely coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person. (In the last USMS auction, for example, only 50'000 BTC changed hands, but the total transactions caused by that auction added at least 250'000 BTC of traffic to the blockchain.)
BitPay, the largest bitcoin payment processor, processed ~160 million USD in 2014.  That is less than 0.5 M$/day.  Even if the total bitcoin payments made was 10 times what Bitpay processed, that is still 1/10 of the value shown on that chart.
It seems likely that less than 10% of the value shown in that chart is actual payments.  In that case, we cannot tell from that charts whether the actual payments are increasing, stagnating, or decreasing.  Any such trend would be buried under the 90% of non-payment traffic.
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:07:31


They are not technically important.  Technically, they will mainly reveal bugs and limitations of some components (like blockchain.info's statistics tools).
But they have great pedagogical value, because they give a glimpse of of what a saturated network will be like.  Too bad that replace-by-fee and other hacker toys are not deployed yet; it would be much better with thousands of clients trampling each other for a place in the next block.  Better for the guys in I mean.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:40:46
I mean the crowd that took over after Gavin stepped down.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:29:49
There is stil a backlog of 140 MB of unconfirmed transactions, that should take another 4-5 days to clear.
(Thanks to the ridiculously small 1 MB block size limit, the ridiculously small minimum fees that make it more profitable for miners to fill only ~50% of their blocks on average, and the ridiculous amount of free-loading "normal" traffic that uses up 2/3 of that space, leaving only some 200-300 kB per block to service the backlog.)
However, [**most of the transactions in the backlog now have low fees**]( so that [**the fees nedded to get into the next 3-6 blocks**]( are now dropping back to to ~0.1 mBTC/kB or less. 
PS. It is not a "spam attack".  This is a test of the bitcoin payment system. Repeat, this is only a test.  If it were a real spam attack, you would be running in circles without knowing where to go or what to do.
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:07:42
But that is the point: if there is no other thing to peg the value, the value can drop to zero in the space of a sneeze.
@_date: 2015-07-05 01:49:18


Being decentralized and without a central authority means that each player is free to use whatever software and policy that he wants, but he will only benefit from the bitcoin network if his outputs are accepted by the other players.  In particular, each miner can mine any way he wants, but he will only earn block rewards if the blocks that he outputs are valid according to the so-called 'consensus' criteria.  One of those requirements is that the block must include the hash of a previous *valid* block.
In this incident, one miner created an invalid block (according to version v3 or the rules), and other miners created blocks that were valid, except for having an invalid block as parent.  Thae resulting chain was still valid for any player running version v2 of the software.
I belive that this mess could have been avoided if the change had been deployed by means of a clean hard fork, with [programmed chain death]( and version-salted transaction signatures.
@_date: 2015-07-23 02:26:50
[This site]( shows that there are about 750'000 blockchain addresses that hold 0.1 BTC (~30 USD) or more. 
While some bitcoin users keep their bitcoins off the blockchain (in exchanges or in sites like Circle and Coinbase), or buy bitcoins only to spend them right away, other users have many addresses like those.  Assuming that the two biases more or less cancel each other, it seems unlikely that there are more than 750'000 bitcoin users in the world.
Blockchain.info and Coinbase claim to have a couple million users and/or wallets each, but they do not specify what they count as user.  There have been claims that most of those wallets are empty.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:01:45
Nick Sullivan seems a bit too young to be Satoshi.  Besides, I doubt that someone would have worked so hard just to create an excuse for ChangeTip.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:12:54


The problem is, the developers who took control after Gavin stepped aside have decided to appropriate the bitcoin network and turn it into an internal piece of a completely different payment system that they are trying to design; and, as part of that plan, they have decided that the bitcoin network must be allowed to saturate, so that the fees are driven up and most person-to-person payments are forced to move to off-chain services like Coinbase or Circle.  Thus they are opposed to *any* increase in the block size limit, and in fact would make the blocks smaller if they could.


One of them mentioned 30 $/tx, another 100 $/tx.  
@_date: 2015-07-26 00:06:15
Sorry, I know next to nothing about proof-of-stake.
@_date: 2015-07-26 09:01:28


As I understand it, if you want to have two or more outgoing payment channels, you need to lock distinct bitcoins with each one.  Once the transaction that creates a channel gets confirmed, the sender cannot move those coins until the receiver collects his part and releases the return change, or the timeout expires and they are all released.
If that is correct, most people will not afford having channels to more than one, maybe two hubs (just as today most people keep only one bank account).


If I understood correctly, after Alice locked 10 BTC with her hub, the hub could forward an 8 BTC payment to Walmart and another 8 BTC payment to Expedia.  However the 6 BTC loss would be borne by the hub (or by the bank that financed the hub's outgoing channels).


I don't know, but I would guess that at least one on-chain transaction is needed to do that. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:42:11
The "node overload" and "increased orphan rates" are bogus excuses to hide the real reason why the "new devs" are against the block size limit increase: they want to see the network saturate as soon as possible.
@_date: 2015-07-10 19:52:17
I will keep my embarassment, thank you. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:40:44


The network should support ~300'000 transactions per day before "traffic jams" become a regular event.  
Right now there are ~120'000 tx/day (excluding the "stress test" that is underway).  So it can still double before it gets "filled to just below the brim".
However, the linear rise in the number of tx/day since July 2014 is not echoed by the number of output BTC/day, nor by the equivalent output USD/day.  I suspect that those transactions are deliberate shilling, to hide the stangantion of actual traffic.  In any case they must be very small transactions that are not e-payments or any other pertinent use.  In fact, other evidence suggests that 90% of the traffic may be spurious in some sense.  
If most spurious traffic could be supressed (for example, by raising the minimum fee), I bet that the traffic would drop to 20'000 tx/day or less.  Then there would be no compelling argument to increase the block size limit, but also no argument for *not* increasing it (since the *actual* average block size would be much less than 1 MB anyway).  
However, even in that case, it may be desirable to increase the block size limit to 8 MB in order to make spam attacks 10 times more expensive.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:16:31


How?  
A fee estimation algorithm that gave 90% chance of getting into the next block would be very useful.  Every wallet should use it by default. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:16:38
Thanks!  
So that study shows a correlation between block size and propagation delay, and also with probability of block being orphaned.  What can be conclude from that?  
The critical question is: suppose a miner is mining a block of size S, and has the choice of including another transaction of size dS, or not.  How will that decision affect the probability P(S) of him getting that block into the blockchain?  Namely, what is P'(S)?
If the block has total fee F and the transaction pays a fee dF, the expected payoff without the transaction will be U = P(S)×(25 + F), and with it it will be V = P(S + dS)×(25 + F +dF), which is approximately U + P(S)×dF + P'(S)×(25 + F)×dS.  
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:26:10


He had already decided on a fixed cap of 21 million BTC, probably for reasons that should be obvious to any good programmer.  Those coins had to be put in circulation somehow.  Giving them all to the users who worked on extending the blockchain, in return for proof-of-work, was the least unsatisfactory solution that he came up with.  A fixed block reward would have ended abruptly after some point, and that minght have been a disaster for the system.  The next simplest solution was a reward that started with some value R0 and halved every T = 2 x N/R0 blocks, where N = 21 million.  Picking R0 = 50 BTC gave T = ~4 years, which meant that half of all the coins wuld be in circulation after 4 years.  That seemed good enough.  
There cannot have been any deeper motivation than that, because it was (and is) impossible to predict how fast usage would grow.  And the bitcoin economy did not evolve as he was expecting -- see his reaction to the first GPU mining program.
@_date: 2015-07-29 06:06:48
In June 2015, per day, there were 392 new threads, 8587 new posts, 310	 new members, and 2'379'167 pageviews, according to [this page](  Also, an average of 290 users are logged in at any time, recelty.  That data does not tell how many people are regularly reading bitcointalk.org; but the numbers seem compatible with previous guess "100'000 to 800'000" 
@_date: 2015-08-08 14:16:28
Because of greed.  No one would have cared about bitcoin if it had remained a computer experiment run by computer scientists and nerds, buying pizzas with it now and then.   But some greedy and unscrupulous guys saw a chance to make millions by selling bitcoins to the general public.  They needed licensing to do that, and did not care about the decentralization or other stuff...
@_date: 2015-08-29 01:54:12


The current gold price, like bitcoin's, is not pegged to anything; it depends entirely on what traders and investors think/hope that the price will be in some future date.  And the price at that date, of course, will depend entirely on what the traders will think/hope, on that date, about its price on some later date.  And so on, in an unending recursion, witthout ever reaching some fundamental  source of value.  (Unlike bitcoin, gold has a floor price determined by its demand as an engineering and decorative material; but it is much less than its current market price -- maybe 200 USD/oz or lower.)
So, gold is a lousy store of value, because there is no reason to expect that the mood of the traders and longer-term investors will remain unchanged for years.  Looking at the history of the last 10-20 years, it is obvious that the price was over-pumped by marketeers playing on FUD (like that of Zerohedge).  Over the next few years, the Gold price may do more crazy things, who knows; but it seems more likely to drop further than to rise again.  Investing in gold (like investing in bitcoin) is therefore a form of gambling, more than investing.


I doubt that any "rebittance" company has turned a profit yet.  The business has a problem with the "return flow": there is limited liquidity in the bitcoin market at the receiving country, so the coins sent by the rebittance company will saturate it.  That is, the coins that the company bought for 100 USD in the US will have to be sold for maybe 95 USD worth of the local currency in the receiving country.
@_date: 2015-08-08 17:09:15
The legal situation in California is not clear yet.  IIRC, there is a Jerry Brito post somewhere that discusses that.
AFAIK there is a bill going through the legislature that is sort of a "bitlicense", except that bitcoin companies like it.  
The EFF opposes it, however.  If that law fails to pass, the State financial regulators will probably step in and apply the general rules that apply to other financial services.  Which means, if I understood correctly, that every business that holds or keeps bitcoins of clients will also have to keep an equivalent amount of dollars *of their own* in the bank (or other approved assets).
@_date: 2015-07-11 20:26:33
This site was set up specifically to track the stress test:
(Although it broke down a couple of times because of the load.)
This site displays the inverse cumulative distribution of unconfirmed transactions by fee:
It also gives the estimated fee that will get you into the next N blocks.  Assuming, of course, that  the other 15000 x N transactions that will arrive in the next 10 x N minutes will not want to get in those N blocks too.  
For example, it thinks that 0.37593 mBTC/kB will get your transaction confirmed in 2 hours, enough time for your frappuccino be whipped up.  What do you mean, you don't know how many kB your transaction is?  Kilobytes, you know?  OK, just guess 0.4 kB, so that would be about 4 ½ US cents.  
@_date: 2015-07-20 17:39:49
Or maybe Wences convinced Popper that Wences convinced himself that Wences convinced Bill...
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:01:31


No, it is because clients would get very mad if they are told to pay *more* to get the same stuff, and then end up receiving *less*.  


On my planet I have never seen a vending machine like that either.  I wonder why.  
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:40:30
And Litecoin = Bitcoin, ergo Bitcoin = SCAM.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:09:45
Care to say what is the specific part of my post that you would like to ignore?
Perhaps you can find a post by the "new devs" where they deny that claim that you quoted.  I didn't see any.
@_date: 2015-07-03 16:56:12
Thanks!  I found their records in the Colorado Business registry, but there is not much information there.  At least it has an address and the CEO is a real person, which more that can be said of many bitcoin compaies...
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:53:48
Can you name *one* country without government, any place, any time?  I mean, a *real* country?
@_date: 2015-07-31 08:24:00


Bitcoin's design seems totally justified by the stated goal:


"Trustless" is sloppy wording, the correct wording is "without the ***need*** for a trusted ***third party***".  (In most commercial transactions, at least one of the two parties must trust the other.)  
That phrase means that the system must not **depend** on banks or governments, in particular, in order to reliably execute a payment.  It does not quite mean that the system should be "government-proof". And fortunately so, because (as China showed) bitcoin is not "govenment-proof"; if that were the goal, then bitcoin would have failed already.
Bitcoin's design had to be "decentralized" because otherwise the central entity that managed it would be a third party that had to be trusted.  That explanation is quite sufficient.  Sure, decentralization made it more *difficult* for some government to shut it down, but not impossible. Again, if the purpose of decentralization was to make the system "government-proof", bitcoin could not be considered a stellar success.


Isn't it significant that he announced it on a *cryptography* mailing list, rather than a political one?


The reason why he put that quote there was to prove that the genesis block had been mined on that date (2009-01-03).  Without that proof, others could suspect that he had started mining years before, and had a long blockchain already mined, which he could post months later and cancel all transactions made in the interval.  It is the same trick that kidnappers use to prove that their victim is still alive. 
The quote was certainly not put there to make a political statement.  If that had been its only  purpose, he would surely have chosen something more poignant and comprehensible.  
There is no hint that he imagined bitcoin making banks obsolete, even as payment systems.  The paper says


In any case, he cannot possibly have fancied that bitcoin would eliminate the need for banks *as lenders of money*, whether national currencies or bitcoin.  But the British banks had to be bailed because they failed as *lenders*, not as *payment intermediaries*.  So why would he think that a headline about bailout of British banks would be a good quote to start the bitcoin blockchain with?  
For the technical purpose above, the headline of any major newspaper would do.  Maybe he *did* look at various newspapers and/or waited for a few days until he found an appropriate headline.  However, it seems unlikely that he would have delayed the announcement of the project, which took him proabbly a couple of years of work, only for that frivolous reason.  It is more likely that he just had that copy of /The Times/ at hand; which would be consistent with occasional Britishisms that are said to be found in his writings. 
@_date: 2015-08-14 23:19:01
Think of stopping 90% of all VISA payments in the world for 10 hours.
Someone can make a few million dollars by shorting bitcoin and then launching a 100'000 USD attack to freeze it for one day, causing the price to drop.
Western Union is losing customers to CoinRebittance inc.  What if their payments got delayed by 1 day, without warning?
Use your imagination...
@_date: 2015-07-06 12:32:45
Bitcoin was not designed to protect privacy of payments, to avoid taxes, to evade the law, etc..  The libertarians, anarchists, and drug dealers who adopted bitcoin convinced themselves that these were its goals, but they weren't.
Anonymity of addresses was just a consequence of bitcoin not having trusted authorities. (A trusted authority would be needed to certify the identity of a user.)  But law enforcement can easily trace the flow of bitcoins in most cases.
@_date: 2015-07-14 19:33:20
Yes.  That is why people should be really worried about the current concentration of mining power in 5 big miners (or pools of big miners).  Mining was not supposed to evolve this way...
@_date: 2015-07-10 23:51:58


First, the developers should worry about usability by the 99.99% of clients that are casual users, because bitcoin was created for them.  The point of having a fixed fee is to make their use of bitcoin as uncomplicated as possible, without requiring them to know how the system works.
Ideally the 'consensus rules' should also enforce a first-come-first-serve policy, but I don't see how to do that.  The nodes could try to enforce it, but they cannot be forced or incentivized to do so.  Perhaps some stricter rules on timestamps can at least prevent gross queue-jumping.
But, anyway, queue jumping is useful only if there is a backlog; and, again, backlogs must be avoided like the bubonic plague.  Which means that the block size limit must be increased well before the peak traffic reaches 2.7 tx/s  (which will start happening by the end of the year,  at the current rate of growth), and the minimum fee must be increased to convince the miners to process transactions as fast as they can.
Queue jumping -- rich clients bribing miners to process their transactions first -- is no different than Coinbase bribing them to delay the deposits and withdrawals of Circle, or some miners colluding to orphan blocks of a particular miner.   Miners unfortunately have too much freedom in the building of their blocks.  Queue jumping is a problem for bitcoin, because it frustrates the other clients that see their transactions delayed to the next block.
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:45:55
As far as I understand, hubs in the Lightning Network cannot steal your bitcoins outright, but they may be able to freeze them for months.  
In theory anyone could set up a hub and create channels to anyone.  In practice, however, hubs will be large regulated and licensed companies (think Coinbase and Circle),  will require AML/KYC, and most of clients' spendable coins will be locked up with them.  A hub can refuse to relay any or all your payments, and if that blocks all the paths to Starbucks, you will not be able to buy coffeee at Starbucks.  And, according to some estimates, connecting to a hub may require a large fee, like 20 or 100 USD.
The LN (if it can be built) will be just like credit cards, centralized and with all payments gong through a trusted intermediary; but more complicated, and with bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:32:00
The proposal specifies no increase until 2017.  
The reason why the big-blockians are calling for an increase in early 2016 is that at the current pace, the network will get saturated in mid-2016, and "traffic jams" will become a recurrent "feature".  They claim (and I fully agree) that such state will be disastrous for bitcoin.  Thus, that proposal is the same thing as denying the increase: it will result in saturation and traffic jams by mid-2016.
The Blockstream devs openly want that to happen because they believe that a "fee market" is necessary and will somehow make bitcoin better, and that the traffic must be prevented from growing.  Delaying the increase until 2017 will lead to that.
@_date: 2015-08-15 12:32:53
No, read that footnote again: besides any bitcoin-pegged assets, the sidechain can have its own tokens that are not pegged to bitcoin, and that the **sidechain** "would be responsible for maintaining the scarcity of".
@_date: 2015-07-09 12:55:40
Well, I do remember he (and Roger Ver) lying many times about the &gt;600'000 missing bitcoins, long after he was aware of the loss.  I remember the angry posts of desperate clients, since before Dec/2013, who were unable to withdraw (including one who stood in front of MtGOX's building for a couple of days, with a "where is our money" sign); while he continued to allow deposits almost until the very end.  One client even bragged on the "wall observer" thread at bitcointalk, shortly before the collapse, of having deposited 50'000 USD to buy the extremely cheap bitcoins, while everybody called him crazy. The "goxCoins" were dirt cheap at the time because desperate clients were selling them in the hope that USD balances could be easier to get out in case of the expected bankruptcy.  I remember Mark  repeatedly promising answers "next week" in Jan-Feb 2014, only to give more evasives, finally blaming the loss on a "bug in bitcoin" on 2014-02-10. 
After the collapse it was found that MtGOX gave loans to  him personally and to two other of his companies; loans which he is refusing to pay back.
Not to mention a lawsuit (discovered only after the collapse) about a web development contract that he broke, some time before taking over MtGOX, with rather damning details.  And his admission of some other cyber misdeed that he did in France when he was 17, the legal records of which were erased because of his age.
@_date: 2015-07-04 17:58:48
I haven't seen anything either.  Roger and his supporters went on a smear campaign against OKCoin, insinuating that it was incompetent and insolvent.  OKCoin's chief officers vowed to sue their former CTO, who (they claim) signed version v7 with his friend and former boss Roger, but sent them the forged version v8.  That was it, AFAIK.
@_date: 2015-07-23 11:45:07
Indeed, there is no need for much discussion.  Every change in the 'consensus rules' that define what is a "valid" block, that is not strictly a narrowing of the definition (a "soft fork"), would in principle create a new clone of bitcoin.  That new coin would start out with the same users holding the same amounts at the same addresses that they had in the original chain.
The fans of each variant may hope that the other coin will be so unpopular that it dies right away, for lack of clients, miners, exchanges, etc..  However, both coins may attract enough players to remain viable.  In that case the market will define their prices, which need not be related to their usage or hashpower.
However,  a miner or mining cartel that holds a majority of the hashpower in the world could use that power to sabotage one of the coins, preventing any trnsactions in it from being confirmed, and keep doing that until its value drops to zero.  
@_date: 2015-07-05 16:43:24
I believe that the perceived risk was clients and/or nodes running out of memory.  But it may have been instead miners trying to gain unfair advantage over other miners.  The 1 MB limit was placed by Satoshi; we should ask him. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:50:40
Aha! Thanks.  So it was not just "SPV mining". F2Pool did not have even the header of block B'(N), they only knew that someone had claimed to have mined that block, and all they had was its hash...
@_date: 2015-07-23 22:21:27
OK,here is another estimate.  There are about 120'000 transactions issued per day. Therefore:
There are at most 120'000 people that issue 30 transactions per month or more.
There are at most 600'000 people that issue 6 transactions per month or more.
There are at most 3'600'000 people that issue 1 transaction per month or more.
Each of these estimates assumes an even distribution of usage, which is definitely not the case.
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:35:01
Like the current fees, that minimum fee would have to be specified in BTC (per kB, or, preferably, per output), and would not have to be tightly pegged to the USD.  
If it starts out as ~0.15 USD, even if the price changes by a factor of 5 or 1/5, adjusting it would not be an urgent matter.  A minimum fee of ~0.75 $ would harm usage, but no one will care about that if the price just rose from 300 to 1500 $/Ƀ in one month.  Conversely, if the price drops to 60 $/Ƀ in one months, having a minimum fee of only 0.03 $ would be the least of people's worries.  In either case, the fee should and could be reset as soon as the price gives sign of stabilizing.
However, I believe that it woudl be much better to specify the fee in the 'consensus rules', not as a minimum but as *the* standard fee.  Among other benefits, that would remove of 17 tons of complexity from all wallet, node, and mining programs out there; it would avoid the user nightmare that the "fee market" would create; and would bring the system closer to the first-come-first-served principle that customers expect from any service.  
Of course,  a hard fork would then be necessary every time the fee has to be changed.  I don't see that as a bad thing (bitcoiners must learn to do hard forks as a matter of routine, because a system that cannot evolve will soon be superseded by one that can).  However, some people seem terrified at the idea of a hard fork, and the Blockstream devs have pumped that FUD to the level of hysteria... 
@_date: 2015-07-04 01:58:30


Bitcoin price was expected to grow with usage, not because of speculation.  If there was no speculation, its price by now should have been maybe ~2 USD/BTC.  With that price level, the mining reward would be 50 USD/block, 7200 USD/day, 2.7 M USD/year.  That would not be enough to support mining as a big industry.  There would have been no ASICs and no big mines in China.  The difficulty would have remained low enough to let each client be a miner, as was the original idea (only realy nodes, not miners, were expected to become specialized installations).


You do not seem to grasp the fundamental difference between productive investments, like stocks, businesses, or real estate, and purely speculative assets, like bitcoin and gold.  
When you buy shares of a company, you literally become owner of a slice of it.  The profit that you get from the shares is basically your share of the concrete wealth (goods and services) that the company produces.  That concrete wealth is sold to customers and either distributed to shareholders as dividends or reinvested (so that you own the same percentage of a bigger pie).  ***Your profit comes from the customers who buy the company's goods and services.***  
Apple shares are worth *a lot* more now than in 1990, because 1% of Apple now is *a lot* more assets (factories, stores, patents, brands....) and makes *a lot* more goods and services than 1% of Apple did in 1990.  With a productive investment, you are making your country and the world richer, in a concrete sense -- not with more tokens, but with more goods and services.
When you buy bitcoin or gold, you become owner of something that does not create any concrete wealth; at best it sits there inert.  The *only* way you can get a profit out of such an "asset" is finding someone else who is willing to buy it for more than you bought.  ***Your  profit can only come from another investor.***  
Gold is worth a lot more now than in 1990 because, well, there are suckers now who will buy it at 1200 $/oz, expecting to sell it later for more than that; wereas there were no such suckers in 1990.  Speculative investment does not make the world richer; it only shifts wealth from some people to other people.  In fact it probably makes the world poorer, because those who can make a profit from it will not do productive work, and may spend their extra money in luxury items that consume resources that could have gone into productive uses.
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:25:03
BitcoinRain was a bitcoin ponzi started here in Brazil by the then-owner of MercadoBitcoin, the first BTC-BRL exhange.  When one of the BitcoinRain clients tried to withdraw his BTC, MercadoBitcoin was promptly hacked and all the BitcoinRain funds were stolen, sorry.  Then MercadoBitcoin was sold, and the new owners of course told BitcoinRain victims that they were not resposible for their losses, sorry.
Danny Brewster's last enterprise before moving to Cyprus and founding Neo &amp; Bee was to organize a big music festival in some fairgrounds near Lincolnshire, UK.  He sold tickets and collected advance rent from food stall merchants.  And that was it.  To the angry victims, he explained that the festival had been organized not by him personally, but by a company, and that he had sold the company to someone else, and they should take their complaints to the new owner -- who could not be identified. 
Oh, but I am sorry, this has nothing to do with your case.  Forget it.
@_date: 2015-08-06 14:13:21


Thanks for the compliment.  In turn, I encourage you to look at the 6-block reorg that happened on that date -- because a mining majority was careless and  continued to mine bitcoin for a while, while a minority was mining the new altcoin. And also at how the true bitcoin finally died when the CEO of Bitcoin warned those big miners, they realized their mistake, and switched to the altcoin too, as they had intended to. (There is a chat log somewhere that records that event.)


You did not get it at all.  The v1/B1 branch is the bitcoin with 25 BTC until 2018, and everybody who wants to use or sell their bitcoins will be forced to switch to it.  The v0/B0 branch, with halving in 2016, will be killed (not just delayed) by the cartel, and people who refuse to switch to v1/B1 would not even be able to dump their bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:38:39
Thanks for this very much needed write-up.  
Note that Blockstream essentially wants to use their position as maintainers of the BitcoinCore to turn the bitcoin network into a piece of **their** company project.  Anyone sees anything wrong in that?


Adam mentioned 10'000:1 as a possible value of the ratio (transactions through the LN):(transactions on the blockchain).  Even assuming a more modest 100:1 ratio, and assuming that opening and closing a channel takes only 2 on-chain transactions, each channel must carry 200 transactions on average. Thus an average client will have to lock up in the channel to his main hub an amount of BTC sufficient for its next 200 payments.  At 2 payments per day, that is his estimated expense budget for 3 months.   


Except that the design of the Lightning Network is about as advanced as Leonardo Da Vinci's helicopter.  Some parts have been invented (the Payment Channels), but the whole system still needs to solve some logistic and economic problems -- like the question above.
So the plan is actually: push all current bitcoin users to off-chain services like Coinbase and Circle, and *then* maybe develop a Lightning Network, whose hubs will obviously be those services.
By the way, those hubs will have to be licenseed and comply with AML/KYC, and can block payments between arbitrary clients and merchants.  Clients could open direct payment channels or use other hubs, but in order to unlock their funds they will have to get the cooperation of their current hub, and pay the corresponding fees.
By the way, some Blockstream devs seem to expect that the on-chain trasaction fees may be 20--100 USD/tx.  So, in order to open a channel with a hub, a client would have to pay that much upfront, and then pay again that much when the channel is closed.
@_date: 2015-07-21 15:00:38
And it will increase the ozone hole, cause herpes outbreaks, and kill many kittens too.  
@_date: 2015-07-30 16:32:27


The first problem is that there is no "market" in the hypothetical "fee market".
The miners are not the suppliers that serve the clients, because the latter cannot choose the miner that will confirm their transaction, not even know beforehand which one it will be.  
There is only one supplier, which is the bitcoin network, and only one service, confirming transactions in the single blockchain.  The miners are the (informal) contractors of the network, like free-lance cooks in the kitchen of a restaurant.  Therefore, it is the network that must set the price, not the miners.  The clients should not even know that miners exist.
Anyone with a minimum of business sense knows that clients must know beforehand the products and their prices, and, once they have ordered and paid, they must be given what they paid for.  Moreover, the price must be propostional to the value of the product, as perceived by the clients; not the cost of *each* particular item to the supplier.  The client does not want to know whether the supplier broke one glass in that 12-glass set, and had to import a replacement from Bali by FedEx.   It is the supplier's job to set the prices so that his *total* revenue will cover his *total* costs, accidents and mistakes included, plus an adequate profit. 
Anyone with an ounce of common sense should realize the lunacy of requiring clients to remain on-line after issuing a transaction, in order to check its progress and up its fee to keep it in front of the line, while 10'000 other clients are trying to do the same.  
Anyone with basic numeracy should understand that any fee/priority mechanism can only change the order in which transactions are served, but will not reduce the average waiting time by a single second.  So, inevitably, there will be many clients that will pay more, and even upgrade their fees several times, but will end up waiting a lot more than the expected 10 minutes.
TLDR: **The "fee market" will not work**, and **saturation will be a disaster for bitcoin**.  
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:29:47
It was noted by assuming that the market would prefer a blockchain protected by 300 PH/s to one protected by 0.000003 PH/s.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:27:51
No, I do not know exactly how CoinJoin works; but someone was creating long chains of transactions (thousands long) well before the attack.  Who are they, and will they be caught by this filter?
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:05:58


That's the idea.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:07:39


When I said "orders of magnitude" I meant a factor of 100 or more.  Indeed difficulty would drop and miners would adjust -- by going out of business, until only 1% of them remained.
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:01:18


That is impossible with the current mining network: the transaction fees will have to pay for the cost of mining, and that would mean either a 5 $/tx flat fee, or at least 1% of the transaction value.  In fact a lot more, because any increase in the fees will cause traffic to drop like a stone.
Bitcoin can be a low-cost payment system only if the mining network is orders of magnitude cheaper than it is now.  That can only happen if  the price drops by orders of magnitude too.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:17:45
"Honest" would mean admitting that the concerns about node cost, orphan rate, etc. are just excuses, and that they just want the network to saturate asap.  To tell all bitcoin users that he wants to make on-chain person-to-person payments inviable, and drive users to off-chain services like Coinbase and Circle instead.
@_date: 2015-07-28 01:33:59
[Coin.mx Execs Arrested for Operating Illegal Bitcoin Exchange](
@_date: 2015-08-08 15:25:16
You can annoy (or even harm) 500'000 people.
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:21:19
The "stress testers" (coinwallet.eu) are changing their strategy now and then, varying the rate and the fees. Apparently they relaxed a bit a few hours ago, but now they are again spamming hard and with higher fees, that are forcing the fee thresholds to rise.
They claimed to have a 5000 euro budget for the fees.  Hopefully someone is monitoring the queues and estimating how much they may have spent already.
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:08:44
Thanks.  That was my understanding too.  
So perhaps now you may understand my claim that the LN will not be viable until at least 70% of the bitcoiners are using it?
And perhaps you can also understand why it will cost 25 + 25 = 50 USD for Alice to make that payment to Bill (or to make a paper wallet, or put some of her BTC in a Trezor)? 
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:55:44
CORRECTION: their stated goal was 200 MB, not 250 MB.  Since they already reached that mark, perhaps they will stop now.
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:56:33
I would have to see which other pools grew when GHash.io shrunk.  Do you remember how the piechart changed?
@_date: 2015-07-05 00:04:44
Oops, thanks.
@_date: 2015-07-21 14:55:05


Yet they said that they *are* OK with a 8 MB increase.  Why this sudden worry about their profitability?
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:44:08
To see how a majority miner (or cartel) could impose a change, you must think like a chess player: you must put yourself in the place of the adversary, and try hard to find a way to get through or around your defenses to achieve *his* goal.  
The wrong way to think is to assume that he will try only some attack that you have prepared a defense for.
@_date: 2015-07-24 02:01:08
A more recent precedent is a group of French mathematicians in the mid-1900s who set out to rewrite mathematics from the ground up, starting from set theory, in the most rigorous and elegant way they could.  They published their books under the name "[Nicolas Bourbaki]( a fictional mathematician.
However, the bitcoin whitepaper, Satoshi's implementation, and Satoshi's maintenance work and emails do not seem at all to be the work of a collective.  And a single person could definitely have produced them over the presumed time frame. 
I would be quite surprised if "Satoshi" was more than a single individual.
@_date: 2015-07-30 19:43:19


But that is the point: in normal operation, ***space in the blocks is NOT a limited resource***.  It was not meant to be limited, and should not be limited -- because a congested network is bad, and should be avoided at all costs.  Keeping the 1 MB limit in place while the normal traffic increases will create *artificial* scarcity.
The cost of running the network is huge, and is being offset to investors instead of users; both are severe problems (that are among the reasons why I am very skeptical about the future of bitcoin).  However, those problems are consequences of (overinflated price) + (fixed block reward) + (proof-of-work requirement) + (hashrate competition).  The excessive cost of the network does not come from validation or internet costs, that are insignificant compared to the cost of mining.  In fact, **the cost of running the network is practically independent of the block size limit, or of the average block size**.  
Furthermore, the investors will have to bear the same cost -- 3600 BTC/day -- no matter what the fees are.


The last I read about sidechains was that they would not solve the scalability problem.  As for the LN, its design is still at the stage of Leonardo Da Vinci's helicopter: there are some ingenious ideas there (like payment channels for micropayments of metered online services), but a couple of crucial ingredients are still missing in order to make the system viable, and no one knows when they will be invented.
So, when the network gets near congestion, bitcoiners will be forced to stop using it (not because of higher fees, but because of the long erratic delays).  Then they will either give up on bitcoin and use traditional methods, or move their bitcoins to Coinbase or Circle and do their payments through them.  Which of course is not "using bitcoin" at all.  
But "forcing bitcoiners to move their coins to Coinbase and Circle" may be what the VC investors liked the most when Blockstream presented their plans to them... 8-(
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:54:11
That is not a miners' fee, right?  It is a withdrawal fee that goes to BTCjam's pockets, correct?
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:29:27


The rules that specify when a block is valid cannot be "if you think that the block is too big, it is invalid".  They have to be objective, so that everyone who wants to check them will reach the same conclusion.  That is why they are called 'consensus rules'.  If there is no block size limit, then no player can reject a block because it is too big.  If the contents of the block is valid, but the block is too big for him to handle, his only option is to quit the game.
@_date: 2015-07-08 10:47:56
I saw Amagi Metals promise that they would convert to bitcoin-only in 2016.  Unfortunately it seems to have gone bankrupt already.  But the intent is what matters.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:38:29
Sorry, I must have misunderstood. Are you proposing to split the coin into two independent coins, so that each user can choose which version to use?
That may be the best solution if the "new core devs" refuse any block increase at all.  Let them have their luxury "BitRipple" while letting the usual users continue using and abusing their "Volkscoin".
Of course the two will not be exclusive; people could keep, use, and trade both, like they now can kee, use, trade both Bitcoin and Litecoin.
@_date: 2015-07-19 02:10:57
The figure "190 billion" seems to be at least 10-20 times the real amount.  [This site]( says "Payment card issuers, merchants, and their acquiring banks lost $11.27 billion to fraud in calendar year 2012."  [This site]( confirms and adds "Card issuers and merchants incurred 63% and 37% of those losses, respectively"
The claim "190 G$ in 2010" apparently came from a security company that sells anti-card-fraud products or services.
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:19:59
So their view on the merits of block size increase may be biased by its possible impact on their personal finances...
@_date: 2015-07-06 13:13:56
Read the report on DPR's investigation and arrest in Wired, for example.  Or the case against Carl Force, the rogue agent who tried to extort DPR.
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:20:20
Thanks for the answers! 
The only remaining question is how exactly did F2Pool get the invalid block: from BTCNuggets directly, or through some relay node?  If the latter, was it a v2 node, or a v3 node?
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:00:42
Satoshi paper explained what addresses were.  The LN will replace them by something else, and the **draft** paper does not specify what that something is.
More importantly, Satoshi's paper described a ***workable*** protocol, and he provided a ***complete*** implementation that could be ***used*** immediately by anyone who cared.  The LN is still not a complete design of a workable network, and even if it is implemented, it will not be usable until most bitcoin users have adopted it and locked their bitcoins in it.  
This last detail must be the reason why the Blockstream devs want the bitcoin network to become unusable for person-to-person payments as soon as possible.
@_date: 2015-07-04 09:44:04
If that was a real 51% attack, you would be using their blockchain now...
@_date: 2015-07-10 15:06:56
A fixed fee of 0.2 mBTC per output would mean ~0.5 BTC of fees for a full 1 MB block, and ~4 BTC for a full 8 MB block.  Comparing to a 25 or 12.5 BTC block reward, hopefully that will be enough to induce miners to fill their blocks during an eventual surge of traffic or spam attack.
Currently, with 1 MB blocks filled 50%, an attacker can jam the network by issuing only 0.7 tx/second (60'000 tx/day, 50% of the current average traffic).  With 8 MB blocks he would have to issue ~15 times as much per second,  and pay ~15 times as much per hour. 
With the current fees and 1 MB blocks, an effective spam attack costs ~25 USD/hour.  If the fee is fixed at 0.2 mBTC per output, an effective spam attack would cost ~800 USD/hour; with 8 MB it would cost ~6000 USD/hour.  (Numbers may be somewhat wrong, I cannot do the math accurately now.)
@_date: 2015-07-24 14:44:48


I don think that would work.  You cannot effectively explain, defend, or debate details of the implementation if you did not write it yourself.  (Often, even if you *did* write it yourself. 8D)
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:06:52
If the new work function is ASIC-compatible, the attackers will just change to it too, and continue jamming.  If it is not ASIC-compatible, then *all* current miners will have to switch to the attacker's version, and the "true bitcoin" will have only a handful of CPU-based miners.
Not to mention the difficulty of getting everybody who cares to switch to that incompatible version within a reasonable time frame.
Not to mention the fact that 98% of the clients won't even understand what the fuss is about, and will just accept any change to the protocol that does not impact them directly and immediately...
@_date: 2015-07-26 16:28:09
You are dead wrong, sorry.  That is not how probabilities work, that is not how the bitcoin protocol works.  The expect time to the next block is 10 minutes even if the last block was found a hour ago.  Ask any developer if you don't believe me.  
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:13:29
There is a [thread on bitcointalk]( about the BFL saga.  It may be hard to find among the noise, but there are pointers to the court documents of the FTC x BFL case.  You could try to write to Ms. Helen Wong, the FTC person who is leading the case, tell her the basics of your story (just what you ordered, paid, got, etc.-- no point in the personal details) and ask what you can do.  She may direct you to BFL, but it helps that the FTC knows about your order too.
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:21:25


When I buy a can of coke for 1$, that 1$ is revenue for the vending company, cost for me.  What the vending company pays to keep the machine running and full is *their* cost, not the cost *for me*.
The miners' revenue is 1 million USD/day. That is the cost of mining to the rest of the bitcoin economy (investors, users, and service companies). 
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:49:18
Satoshi a libertarian? LOL.
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:13:48


I know.  I can understand that non-technical people may believe that the hypothetical "fee market"  will work.  I cannot understand how people with technical background, like Greg and Adam, can believe it. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:02:46
Raising the minimum fee (something that obviously Blockstream also wants, albeit by the wrong methods and to much higher values) and increasing the block size would postpone saturation of the network for a few years at least.  Apparently Blockstream and the "fee market"  believers cannot wait, they want saturation in 6 months.  
There is no solution in sight for scaling bitcoin by more than a 100-fold or so.  Sidechains will not do it. The Lightning Network would not be bitcoin, it would be just what bitcoin was supposed to be an alternative to.  (Apart from the detail that it does not work, even in a paper-napkin sense of "work".)  
The best thing that can be done for bitcoin at present is to keep it working as it has worked so far, hoping that in a few years Blockstream or someone else will build a better network that can support *ad attract* hundreds of millions of users, without having to destroy bitcon first.
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:13:09
Seems so: [network load chart](
This "stress test" has already got 23 MB of transactions piled up in the queue.  The previous attempts got to 15 MB tops.
This attempt apparently uses higher fees than the previous ones, so they are delaying even fee-paying transactions.
It may be some small-blockian trying to show that replace-by-fee and/or the Lightning Network are urgently needed.
It may be some big-blockian trying to show why the max block size needs to be increased.
It may be some skeptic trying to make people *really* understand the sentence "bitcoin cannot scale".
@_date: 2015-07-05 14:30:41
Mark is still living in Japan, apparently, fighting attempts of the MtGOX bankruptcy trustee to recover loans that MtGOX made to him and his two other companies.  The investigation of the MtGOX heist by the Japanese police is still ongoing, AFAIK.
Danny Brewster apparently left Cyprus for destination unknown.  There was an arrest warrant issued by the Cypriot police against him; I do not know whether it is still standing.
@_date: 2015-07-11 10:41:47


I know that, but the excuse of the core devs is that an 8 MB block size LIMIT would make full nodes more onerous to run.  I showed above that it would not make much difference, even for generous nodes; and would even help by making type (b) attacks less likely and reducing the extra factor in cost (3) during traffic jams.
If you are thinking of selfish nodes only, that do just the validation part of item (4) for their own safety and render no relay service, then: 
First, the loss of such nodes is only their own loss, so it would be their problem to keep up with the increased traffic.  No one cried when clients were prevented from mining by the rise of industrial mining; why should anyone cry if those selfish nodes are forced to become SPV clients (or only validate part of the blocks)?
Second, as discussed above, the increase in the block size LIMIT only makes a difference to selfish nodes in case of a persistent attack to the network of type (a), and only by a factor of ~ 10 x F where F is the fraction of hashpower of the attacker.   If F is 0.25 (the largest pool today), all nodes would see their item costs (4--5) increase by 2.5.  But only the selfish nodes would feel a 2.5 x increase in their total cost: the helpful nodes, that are carrying a much bigger load, would be less affected because items (0--3) would not be increased by that attack.
In short: an increase in the block size LIMIT would not be a catastrophe for the relay nodes, not even for the selfish ones (who contribute very little to the security of the system anyway).
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:51:32
He may have abandoned it when he saw it being turned into something he did not like...
@_date: 2015-08-05 23:48:25


I cannot believe that you cannot understand. You do not *want* to understand. Sorry to have wasted my time.  
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:34:12
The reason why the cost of the network is so high is that the price of bitcoin is like 200 times what it should have been at this stage.  If the price was 0.10 $/BTC, there would be no mining industry; the cost of mining would be 360 $/day instead of 1 million $/day.  With 100'000 tx/day, the cost per transaction would be 0.0036 dollars.  
Satoshi's vision was that *relay nodes* (that have to do a lot of work) might get run only by some large entities; but *mining* would remain widely distributed, done by the clients themselves.  The block reward was meant to be a way to issue and distribute the bitcoins, not to sustain a massive industry.   He was very upset when someone wrote a mining software for GPUs, because it would make mining  
@_date: 2015-07-09 03:07:51
What are you counting as downtime: the 2010 overflow bug, the 2013 dataase split, the 2015 "fork of july"?
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:48:45
Adding another entry to the List of Developers Who Stopped Responding When the Questions About the Lightning Network Became Too Embarassing To Answer.
@_date: 2015-07-20 16:29:21
The 7 tx/s number assumes 400 bytes per transaction (average) and full 1 MB blocks.  
The average transaction size, during times of "normal" traffic (for example, in the week 2015-06-23 to 2015-06-30) is seems closer to 550 bytes. 
 With the current fees, miners don't bother to fill their blocks, even when there is a backlog of unconfirmed transactions; and often mine empty blocks, because they can save tens of seconds in the race that way.   During the peak of the last "stress test" (when there was a 200 MB backlog, including many transactions that paid fees above the minimum), the average block size was still only ~710 kB.
So the efective capacity of the network now is ~1300 tx/block, ~190'000 tx/day, 2.15 tx/s.
The normal traffic now is 120'000 tx/day, and it has grown almost linearly for the last 12 months at the rate of 5000 tx/day/month.  The network will begin to experience "traffic jams" well before it reaches 190'000 tx/day; perhaps in 6 months, at 150'000 tx/day.  At first, those jams will be smaller and shorter-lived than the "stress test"; but they may affect a lot more users, because many clients will be paying higher fees in the hope of getting ahead of the other clients. 
On the other hand, most of that traffic is not related to bitcoin's stated goal, and exists only because the service is 99.9% subsidized by new investors who buy bitcoins to hold.  In fact, some of that traffic may be fake, created by someone just to sustain the illusion of increasing adoption. If the minimum fee was increased to something significant, like 0.05-0.20 USD per output, probably 80% or more of that traffic would disappear, and saturation would be postponed for years.
But that would not please those who *want* the network to saturate...
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:20:51
That is it?  I could have written that myself. I hate copyright and censorship.  Yet I am a socialist, and have absolutely no respect for libertarianism, anarcho-capitalism, and the cypherpunk culture...
@_date: 2015-07-31 01:22:02
Maybe you are confused...  This is what I know:
Gavin's salary was paid by the Digital Currency Initiative, a project of MIT's Media Lab.  Mike Hearn has a company called [Vinumeris]( I could not find anything about it being funded by Andreessen Horowitz.  
Most of the current devs who care for the Bitcoin Core (Bitcoin QT) code seem to be affiliated with Blockstream, a company created by Adam Back and Greg Maxwell.  Peter Todd works for Viacoin, a "2.0" cryptocurrency with a treechain instead of a blockchain.  Jeff Garzik works for Dunvegan Systems, an aerospace company.  
Please correct any mistakes...
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:44:41
It is a "stress test" by an entity called "coinwallet.eu".  Search for that on this subreddit, and sort by "new".  There are announcements of the test and premiminary reports.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:07:49


Because the block size LIMIT is just a LIMIT, not THE block size.  
By the current rules, any block size **up to** 1 MB is valid, and any block with **more than** 1 MB is automatically invalid.  Anyone who wants to play the Bitcoin game must use those rules. 
In particular, a miner may create blocks with any size he likes, up to 1 MB, but must accept from other miners any block up to 1 MB with valid contents and parent.
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:52:42


I **do** think that the fees should be raised; but directly, by explicitly imposing a fixed minimum fee (say, on the order of 0.20 $/tx), rather than indirectly, by artificially restricting the capacity and hoping that the "fee market" will take care of that.  
The "fee market" cannot work.  Letting the network become saturated will just make it unusable by normal users and drive them away, leaving only the desperate drug addicts, ransom victims, bitcoin thieves and such.    
This has been explained a zillion times to the Blockstream devs, starting with Mike Hearn's "crash landing" posts.  The Blockstream devs are not idiots, so they must know that the the crash landing scenario is certain and that the "fee market" will not work.  But they still want saturation to happen, because they want to drive legitimate person-to-person traffic out the blockchain, even if it means driving the users away from bitcoin altogether...
@_date: 2015-07-15 07:32:59


I tried to explain in the OP.  
Because of the test, over the last 5 days miners collected ~107 BTC of fees more than usual.  Some of those extra fees are the fees in the spam transactions generated by Coinwallet.  But they said that they had only ~18 BTC allocated for that. 
If that is correct, then the other 83 BTC were fees paid by legitimate clients, attempting to get through the backlog.  
If Coinwallet is actually a miner who has 20% of the hashrate, then he invested 18 BTC and collected 20% of 107, that is 21 BTC.  So he can do the "stress test" again, and again, and again...  with increasing fees, forcing clients to increase theirs too.
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:05:12
No, I don't want the experiment to fail. I wish the investment pyramid would crash, because it is a swindle.  Then bitcoin would return to being a remarkable experiment, that I could admire.
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:01:18
Suppose that the top five pools agre to orphan 15% of the blocks of minority miner Smallush, who has 5% of the total hashpower.  Smallush usually solves ~7 blocks per day, so that means orphaning ~1 of his blocks per day.  On the first day, a few minutes after Smallush posts solves solved block B(N), F2Pool posts his own solution B'(N).  Then Antpool posts a solved block B(N+1) that links to B'(N), not B(N).  
That was statistically possible because all the top five pools were trying to mine a competitor B'(N) to Smallush's B(N), and al five were then trying to mine a B(N+1) with B'(N) rather that B(N) as parent.  In doing s, those pools would not be violating any law or contract.  Their behavior may be undesirable according to some ideal of how things *should* work, but the protocol allows that behavior.   
Antpools choice of B'(N) istead of B(N) as the parent gave F2Pool an extra 25 BTC, that are divided among F2Pool members.  Eventually Antpool will earn 25 BTC extra, at Smallush's expense, with the hep of some other top-five pool.
Why would members leave F2Pool and join some other pool? If they do, which one?
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:16:15
Socialism, like most sensible political philosophies, assumes that goverments  and laws are necessary to do certain things that only they can do, including potecting citizens' liberties and properties from oppressive "authorities" and bad guys in general.  Socialism differs from other sensible philosophies in what liberties are considered legitimate, what other things the government can or should do, etc..  Obviously, the government must have enough power to do the things that it is supposed to do. 
Libertarians and anarchists, on the other hand, believe that governments and laws are not necessary, or downright evil.  I will take them seriously when they can show me a society, anywhere and any time, that has survived for any significant length without governments, laws, taxes, police, etc..
@_date: 2015-07-04 10:00:38
The only losers were the lazy mining pools that created the fork, IIUC.
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:55:46
She is just a bit ahead of most bitcoiners, who still haven't understood what the "new" core devs plan to turn bitcoin into.  
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:07:46


Maybe.  Erotic movies, videogames, and elevator music may be too.  Although I still have to see the *economic*  justification for micropayments (instead of bulk payments for bulk "packages") even for these uses.  Why don't people make vending machines that sell cornflakes by the flake, instead of by the box?
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:28:33
I would expect each bar to say how many transactions were observed in that period with value between 0 and 20 XBT, 20 and 40 XBT, etc..  I cannot make sense of that plot otherwise.
@_date: 2015-07-14 04:15:51


Well, I am afraid so. ;-)


Except that, as I noted above, the guys in the Big branch could use their power to squash any Small branch.  As happens real life, all the time...
@_date: 2015-07-27 02:59:23


I may have made up the name, but it is *not* the same as "SPV mining". 
Each miner X normally wants to reduce the delay D between some other miner Y solving a block B(N) and him starting to mine his block B(N+1) on top of it.  
+ If miner X is a "good boy" that does what mama Greg says he should do, the delay D is the time for the entire block B(N) to leave Y, propagate through the relay nodes, be downloaded by X, and be validated by X; which depends substantially on the block's size.  
+ Miner X can optimize that a bit by fetching only the header of B(N) first, and starting to mine an empty B(N+1) on top of it.  That would be "SPV mining".  He must start with an empty block because he does not know what transactions were included in B(N).  While he tries to solve that empty block, miner X *could* start another process to download the full B(N) and validate it.  If that process finishes before the empty B(N+1) is solved, miner X *could* choose to add some pending transactions to B(N+1).  But if he is lucky and solves the empty B(N+1) before that process is complete, or cannot afford the extra internet bandwidth, or is just too lazy, he will just post the solved empty block B(N+1) and go on to the next one.  In any case, with SPV mining the delay D is reduced only by the difference between downloading the full B(N) and downloading only its header.  Apart from that, D is still proportional to the size of B(N).
+ "Hash stealing" is very different.  As I said, miner X signs up incognito as a member of miner pool Y.  When Y succeeds in mining B(N), Y immediately broadcasts to all its members (including X) the template for block B(N+1).  That template contains the hash of block B(N); which is all that miner X needs in order to start mining his own block B(N+1).  As in SPV mining, that block necessarily starts out empty; and miner X *could* fetch B(N) etc. in parallel.  However, note that with this trick X may get the hash of B(N) even before miner Y has started sending B(N) to the relay nodes. So In this case the delay D is considerably shorter than with SPV mining, *and does not depend on the size of B(N) at all.*  Moreover, this is safer than SPV mining because miner Y will be severely penalized if he broadcasts a bad template for B(N+1) to his members, whereas the relay nodes can serve bad headers to  miner X with no bad consequences.
By the way, the claim that "40% of the miners were doing SPV mining on July 4" is an incorrect guess. Given the significant advantages of hash stealing, presumably *all* smart miners practice it, but (obviously) only against open pools.  When some closed miner mines a block B(N), they would have to resort to SPV mining.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 19:24:13
But... the fee market...
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:47:36


Actually they could get close.  They could hire a respected auditing firm to do real audit.  That means checking not only their bank balances, but tracking the histories of those accounts and matching them with the Tether Inc internal ledgers, thus making sure that those dollars were deposited by clients rather than borrowed for a couple of days.  The auditors would also report how many tethers they have redeemed so far.
And Tether Inc could also amend their ToS to say that they WILL promptly redeem USDT given to them for USD, in a 1:1 ratio, except where prohibited by laws or regulations of countries X, Y, and Z. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 16:36:50


That is also a problem of cash in some situations.  But it is not as serious because in cash transactions you can see the merchandise and take it with you immediately.  Moreover you know the merchant, who cannot just run away.  And no one uses cash for large amounts.  None of these applies to internet payments, where reversibility is needed.
Non-reversibility makes bitcoin unsuitable for business-to-business transactions.  Anyone who had to  manage accounts with hundreds of entries knows that mistakes are unavoidable. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 07:55:25
Coinwallet.eu. They posted their plans somewhere on this subreddit.
@_date: 2015-07-14 21:54:45
I am glad you thaught it was not nonsense.  I hope it helps...
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:37:03
That is not how *bitcoiners* calculate it, I know.
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:12:39
Of course it isn't.  Even an increase to 2 MB woud postpone saturation by a year or two.  
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:46:01


Since the only way to raise the limit is by hard fork (as Satoshi himself said when he accepted the arbitrary 1 MB limit), being against a hard fork is being against raising the block size limit, ***ever***.
That hard fork would have been a no-brainer non-event if the "new devs" did not make such a fuss about it.  The term "FUD" has never been as fitting.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:39:37
The previosu stress test broke some or all bitcoin ATMs.  Just give thanks to the core devs who refused to increase the blocksize, and wait until it clears.
@_date: 2015-07-14 07:06:36


As I wrote: for programmers.  Not for normal people. ;-)


How exactly would a flat rate *per output* be worse than the current model in that regard?
@_date: 2015-07-23 22:52:36


Wasn't that old stuff already in 1998, when Wei Dai and others published their paper?


**Payment channels** exist, and work for micropayments over a short time span. (But you have to lock an amount of bitcoins in advance, and keep them locked until the other side collects or the timeout happens.) 
**TheLightning Network** does not exist, even on paper, and will not be usable until hubs are set up and almost everybody have moved to it and locked their coins in it.   For one thing, a payment between an LN client and a non-LN bitcoin client requires at least one blockchain transaction, probably two.  Since the whole point of the LN is to cut down the on-chain traffic, if only 10% of the bitcoienrs are using it then only 1% of the transactions will be through it. 


More like saying that "Television will not be usable until TV stations are in place, and TV stations will not appear until the TV sets can be sold to enough people".
(I first saw an HDTV screen 30 years ago, perhaps, at a computer graphcs conference.  It was said to be "about to become commercial": all the technical issues had been figured out, and the sets could have been mass manufactured right away.  However, the CRT sets were heavy 2' x 2' x 4'  metal boxes and cost a fortune. TV stations would have to sacrifice 2 normal channels for 1 HDTV channel that one a few viewers could afford.  So HDTV became a commercial reality only 20 years later, after flat-screen TVs made the sets affordable and digital cable/satellite video took care of the bandwidth problem.)
@_date: 2015-07-05 13:44:31


No.  What difference woudl it make?  
Would I have to burn some coal in order to discuss global warming?  Would a murderer be better qualified than a non-murderer to discuss crime prevention?
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:39:18


That is (part of) the cost *for the miners*.  The cost for the bitcoin economy is what the miners receive, including their profit, staff salaries, equipment, etc..
When a customer buys a loaf of bread at a bakery, the price of the bread is cost for him, revenue for the baker.  The cost for the baker is that amount minus his profit -- what he takes home at the end of the day.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:40:02
The very first sentence hs almost one error per word:


It was not that massive, it was not an attack, it was not particularly sophisticated, it was not that particularly well-funded.  There is no reason to think that the authors were 'hackers', much less 'black hat'.  They had an announced goal and spent some effort to achieve it, but their 'dedication' may not have lasted more than a couple of weeks.


The stress test and its inent wer clearly announced on this reddit: create a 200 MB backlog of unconfirmed transactions.  Just search for 'Coinwallet' on this subreddit and sort by 'new'. 


This is precisely the sort of bug that requires and justifies doing stress tests on live systems.
@_date: 2015-07-12 03:09:35


And that is what I wrote too! But if the fee is fixed, relay nodes and miners will have no reason to order the transactions one way or the other, so transactions will tend to be served in *approximate*  FCFS (as in most businesses).  
Note that we are talking of behavior when there is a multi-blocks backlog; that, with 8 MB blocks, will only arise during a hostile spam attack. 
In such an attack, if fees are variable and transactions are ordered by fee, an attacker will ***exploit*** that "feature" to impose arbitrarily long delays on transactions whose owners cannot remain in line to play fee leapfrog, or cannot afford to pay a fee as high as the attacker can.  
In contrast, if fees are fixed, the attacker cannot prevent *any* transaction from being processed; it can only slow the processing down. If the backlog is N blockfuls when a legitimate client issues a transaction, it will be confirmed after ~N blocks, no matter what the attacker does.  
Sure, with fixed fee there may be clients who bribe miners "backstage" to process their trasnactions first during a backlog situation.  But that will be the and exception, and is highly inefficient because of the random nature of mining.
 &gt; So all of your arguments based on "queue jumping" are invalid.
I give up.  
The urgent necessity of a block size limit increase and higher minimum fees and the sheer stupidity of the "fee market" concept should be totally obvious to anyone competent enough to work on the bitcoin code.  I know that the "new core devs" are competent enough to understand that.  Obviously, they not only do not care, but they actually *want* the network to saturate as soon as possible.  No matter what harm and inconvenience that will do to the users and businesses that depend on bitcoin -- or, rather, *precisely* because of that harm.  
They are also intelligent enough to realize the foolishness of pushing p2p traffic out of the bitcoin network before the overlay network is even vaguely designed.  So why are they doing it?
If their intent was to push bitcoin users to existing off-chain payment methods -- read, Coinbase and Circle -- their actions would not be any different.  But they would not do that, would they?  Not even if the Blockstream investors were also investors in those services...  ~8-(
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:06:32
Those words do not make sense to me, and I quote them to deny them.  
BitcoinCore users all agree that the limit should be 1 MB until it is increased.  
BitconXT users all agree that the limit should be 1 MB until it is increased.  
The two groups disagree on when and how the increase should happen.  
Objectively, neither is more 'consensual' than the other.
@_date: 2015-08-18 03:27:14
Thanks! I already fetched it.  I will try to plot it tomorrow night.
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:56:49


Bitcoin has some big structural problems: including centralization of mining, inability to scale, no motivation for relay nodes, long confirmation times, no error correction capability, price volatility,  and more.  Some of those  problems derive from unfortunate design choices, but fixing those would require a total redesign.  For other problems, no solution is known yet...
@_date: 2015-07-08 19:55:46
But, even at the Sambódromo during Carnaval, if you ask the vendor, he will tell you the price; and if you pay that price, he will give you the stuff.  Can you spot the difference to the "bitcoin fee market"?
@_date: 2015-08-14 03:41:58
Being well-connected to the other miners is an advantage for each miner.  This is only one of several factors that favor concentration of mining, and will contribute to it independently of the block size limit.
I have lost track of this discussion, but I would guess that a miner X will start mining an empty block B(N+1) as soon as it receives the *header* of block B(N) that was just mined by another miner Y -- or even just the hash of B(N).   From that moment onwards, his chances of winning the race depend only on his relative hashpower.  In parallel with the mining, miner X can fetch the rest of B(N), validate it, and then flesh out his B(N+1) in order to earn the tx fees.
If this is correct, then the advantage of being well-connected to other miners does not seem depend on block sizes.  Isn't that so? 
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:03:52
If he wanted people to believe that the message is indeed his, he would offer some proof.   
Someone actually spent some effort to imitate his style.  I wonder what was the intent.  If it was to swing the tide of opinion, it was dumb, and naturally failed.  May have been just a prank...
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:30:50


... assuming that the **people** owning the majority of the hashpower behave like you think that they **should** behave...
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:46:21


With 1300 tx/bk the capacity comes out at ~180'000 tx/day. 
Before the stress test, [the average load]( was ~ 120'000 tx/day. 
So, strictly speaking, traffic could still grow another 30'000 tx/day perhaps, to 150'000 tx/day, before "traffic jams" start to occur at peak hours or at random surges.  
At the rate the traffic has been growing since July 2014, it should reach 150'000 tx/day by the end of the year.  
On the other hand, the almost linear growth in tx/day since July 2014, from 60'000 to 120'000, is highly suspicious.  It does no match the more erratic changes in the [output BTC volume]( (minus estimated return change) in the same period, nor the stagnation of the corresponding [output USD volume](  Those new 60'000 tx/day must have all very small USD value.  Perhaps they are spam, tumbling, or some other "opportunistic" use of the blockchain.  Or even intentional fake traffic, intended to divert attention from the stagnation of actual use.
Anyway, it is likely that a modest increase in the minimum fee will get rid of a substantial percentage  of the "spam" or non-pertinent traffic, buying another year or two of time before saturation.  A strict minimum value of 1 mBTC (~0.27 USD) and strict minimum fee of 0.1 mBTC (~2.7 US cents) per output may be sufficient to do that.
@_date: 2015-07-18 02:44:02
Some 25 years ago, I knew some very bright guys who were trying to make micropayments work, using publick-key cryptography and all.  Nothing seems to have advanced since then.
Would micropayments be much useful?  *Really* useful?  
I doubt that someone will ever want to buy corn flakes by the flake, paying for each flake separately, rather than by the box.   Movies, books, songs, new articles -- all seem to be more naturally and conveniently paid by whole units, rather than by minute or by screenful.  
Note that at some point the buyer must be made aware of the price and agree to it.  That is annoying enough that you don't want to do it every 30 minutes, much less every 1 minute.  Indeed, the trend for paid video seems to be payment by susbscription than by unit -- maybe because of the annoyance and stress of payment.
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:21:46
The current core devs are certainly not luddites, quite the opposite. They wish to appropriate the bitcoin network as a piece of their own super-network, which is not even designed yet.
@_date: 2015-07-18 03:05:32


Hi there. 


Have the "Blockstream devs" themselves denied those "conspiracy theories"? 
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:19:14
It would be useful also to know their company affiliations.
@_date: 2015-07-10 20:11:50
Sorry, I misread the sense of your comment in the first place.
A spam attacker with sufficient funds will always be able to block most legitimate traffic for arbitrarily long time, because it is practically impossible to distinguish (by algorithm or by human inspection) spam transactions from legitimate ones.  The attacker only needs to generate more transactions per second than the network can process, with fees large enough to keep most legitimate txs off the next block.  Even if a legitimate client bumps his fee to X, the attacker just needs to issue (say) 3000 txs with fee X+1 in the next ~~50~~ 10 minutes to keep that client permanently out of the next block.  While a Russian mobster may offer 1 BTC of fee and get through anyway, if the attacker can hold up 50% of the legitimate traffic, he will drive many users away, permanently.
The only thing that one can do is try to make such attacks as expensive as possible.  That means increasing the minimum tx fee as much as possible without it being significand for typical e-payments, and increasing the block size so that it will take a lot more tx/s by the attacker to create an maintain the backlog.  (With 8 MB blocks instead of 1 MB blocks, the attacker would have to issue ~15 tx/s with high enough fees in order to block the regular traffic, instead of ~0.7 tx/s with the same fees.  With a minimum fee of (say) 0.05 USD/tx, that would mean spending 2700 USD/hour instead of only 125 USD/hour.)
@_date: 2015-07-26 16:23:00


Please check this:  typically, Alice and Bob will open channels to some hub, locking in them enough BTC to cover all their expeceted payments of the next month or so.  Let's say 50 BTC each, with 1 month timeout. 
Suppose for simplicity that there is a single hub in the world.  That hub will have to open outgoing channels to all the merchants that Alice and Bob *may* spend their money at.  How much BTC will the hub lock in each such channel, and for how long?  
The hub cannot use for that purpose the 100 BTC that Alice and Bob locked.  So it must borrow BTC from some bitcoin bank (or be itself a bitcoin bank, with enough reserves for the task).  
For a large merchant like Walmart, the hub may open a channel with 1 day timeout, with enough BTC to cover the expected 1-day peak revenue of Walmart.  Or maybe 1 hour timeout, although that will be tricky given the delays for on-chain confirmation.  But for Papa Jack and smaller merchants, the timeout will have to be longer - 1 week or more.  It means that Papa Jack will not be able to cash out his BTC except once a week. 
Suppose that Alice spends only 20 BTC in one month.  At some point the hub will have to close Alice's channel to collect the 20 BTC.  When will it do that exactly?  It must be several hours before the timeout expires, because if something delays the collection all the 50 BTC will go back to Alice and the hub will lose money.  So the hub will tell Alice that the channel will be effectively blocked 12 hours (say) before the timeout.  Then, for those 12 hours, Alice will be unable to send new payments, while she still has 30 BTC locked in that channel; and will not be able to open another channel with those 30 BTC either. 


That is the most problematic part of the LN design: for it to be effective at removing traffic form the bitcoin network proper (BN), almost all the BTC economy will have to be going through it.  If only 50% or 70% of the bitcoin users are in the LN, the on-chain BN traffic will be *higher*, and clients will have to pay *more* BN fees,  than if the LN did not exist and everybody was using the BN directly.


I understand that.  However, you need to take the time to explain how the LN will work in practice, addressing the issues above and others of the same type.  With minimally plausible numbers of amounts, timeouts, number of users, etc.  Even if the numbers will be just arbitrary assumptions and not really predictions.  
It would be a waste of time to convince me, because I am not a bitcoiner.  You must convince the bitcoiners that they will gain something by using the LN instead raw BN.  Or instead of switching to Litecoin, or to Visa and Paypal...
@_date: 2015-07-14 09:37:12
That is their version of the tale.  Actually, more than 40% of the miners, perhaps all of them, were "stealing" hashes of freshly mined blocks from the open pools; which they say they will not stop doing, beause otherwise they would be at a significant disadvantage.  Normally that shortcut is much safer than "SPV mining", because the source pool does not want to mine invalid blocks nor broadcast false hashes to its members.  But the shortcut failed in that case, because the miner that started it - BTCNuggets - was still running v2.  
Blaming F2Pool and Antpool was a cop-out; they were victims more than bad guys.  BTCNuggets cannot be blamed for it either, because, even if all miners tried to upgrade, the way the fork was done *guaranteed* that 5% of them would be laggards.  The blame, I insist, lies with the developers, for not having programmed a delay for alerts. 
Perhaps they did not want to scare the passengers, and hoped to replace the engine during the flight without them noticing...
@_date: 2015-07-11 05:21:49


Again, can you *please* consider for a moment that bitcoin is not meant to be a nifty game for computer nerds, but a system for person-to-person payments?  
Can't you really see the absurdity of expecting the clients to engage in an online auction to have their payment go through? 
Can't you see the mind-boggling irresponsibility and arrogance of changing bitcoin's payment procedure without even asking the opinion of bitcoiners?
I guess not... You don't seem to have the faintest idea of what i am trying to say.  I imagine that your world is just you and your fellow developers, and your concept of "user" is "any one of those 20 guys"... 8-(


Have you tested it on an almost-congested network with thousands of flesh-and-blood clients, all using your smart wallet, issuing 4 transactions per second?  Or on any minimally realistic simulation thereof?
A tool "works" if it solves the problem that it was designed to solve.  The problem is: "find the fee that will ensure that a transaction is confirmed in the next 1-2 blocks, at a time when the traffic T is momentarily larger than the effective capacity C, and there is a backlog of unconfirmed transactions in the queues".  
To check that, you have to set up a situation as described in the problem, use your tool to set the fee, record the actual delay until 1-conf (or until re-submitting the tx), and repeat a hundred times or so.  Then analyze the results.


There is no such thing as "a similar backlog", just as there is no such thing as "a similar auction".
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:18:00
[This table]( is more useful.  Here is a reformatted slightly older (2015-06-11) version:
    Balance             ! Num.Addresses ! % of Addresses !    Tot BTC !       Tot USD ! % of all BTC
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0 - 0.0001          |     2,697,841 |          52.59 |        432 |        99,427 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     2,697,841 |          52.59 |        432 |        99,427 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0.001 - 0.01        |       811,073 |          15.81 |      2,985 |       686,329 |         0.02
    0.01 - 0.1          |       804,331 |          15.68 |     26,693 |     6,136,600 |         0.19
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     1,615,404 |          31.49 |     29,678 |     6,822,929 |         0.21
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    0.1 - 1             |       430,948 |           8.40 |    145,834 |    33,526,138 |         1.02
    1 - 10              |       259,915 |           5.07 |    735,031 |   168,978,209 |         5.15
    10 - 100            |       109,759 |           2.14 |  3,796,232 |   872,725,680 |        26.62
    100 - 1,000         |        14,711 |           0.29 |  3,378,404 |   776,670,109 |        23.69
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |       815,333 |          15.90 |  8,055,501 | 1,851,900,136 |        56.48
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    1,000 - 10,000      |         1,559 |           0.03 |  3,204,503 |   736,691,562 |        22.47
    10,000 - 100,000    |            99 |            .   |  2,411,835 |   554,463,109 |        16.91
    100,000 - 1,000,000 |             4 |            .   |    558,404 |   128,372,964 |         3.92
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |         1,662 |           0.03 |  6,174,742 | 1,419,527,635 |        43.30
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+------------+---------------+-------------
    TOTAL               |     5,130,240 |         100.01 | 14,260,353 | 3,278,350,127 |        99.99
I would think that an active bitcoiner must own at least one blockchain address with 0.1 BTC (27 USD) in it.  That means that, as of last month, the number N of active bitcoiners in the world was at most 820'000.
While some bitcoiners may keep all their coins in exchanges, or in places like Coinbase, others have many addresses with more than 0.1 BTC in them.  If these biases do not cancel each other, I would bet that the latter is stronger -- that is, N is more likely to be less than 820'000 than more than that.
Coinase and Blockchain.info claim to have a couple million users each, but some sources claim that many of those users are inactive or even have no bitcoins in their accounts.  I have more trust in the estimate from the tabel above...
@_date: 2015-07-15 05:38:03
To "reassure" you, I think bitcoin would be again a great computer experiment if its price crashed to 1 $/Ƀ or less.  That is probably the price it should have given its current level of usage.  Such a crash would hopefully solve the mining centralization problem, a fatal flaw that I cannot see how tosolve otherwise. 
I don't think the bitcoin network can be scaled enough, fast enough, to be more than an experiment; and, on the other hand, I don't think that its user base can grow much beyond its current size.   Maybe capacity and usage can grow 10 x, very optimistically 100 x, but that would still be 50 million users worldwide, making 1-2 transactions per week...
To serve 1-2 billion people, one would need a network designed with that numeric goal in mind.  That is ostensibly Blocksteam's goal.  However, their vague plans are to build something completely different from bitcoin, that has yet to be proved viable, and require making bitcoin unusable for person-to-person payments -- its raison d'être.  It will destroy bitcoin, even as a computer experiment.
Anyway, you do not need to trust me.  Any proposals to change the protocol should be thoroughly validated by simulations and proofs, before being deployed.  I woudl love to see a realistic simulationof the "fee market", for example.
@_date: 2015-07-03 04:05:27
In what sense is Bitcoin Core "adhering to principles"?  The core devs are looking forward to the Lightning Network; which, in practice, will force everyone to use big hubs, and trust them not to block access to the parties that they want to reach.  The Lightning Network will ***not*** be a "peer-to-peer payment system that does not rely a trusted intermediary".  It will ***not*** be bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-29 03:16:16
Ahem.  Increasing the block size limit to 8 MB would make such attacks 10-20x more expensive. It is the only defense I know.
Keeping the block size limit at 1 MB will make these "attacks" occur naturally during peak hours, probably already in early 2016, with even higher fees *paid entirely by the victims*.
@_date: 2015-07-09 22:18:03
It was a great computer science experiment, before being hijacked by drug dealers and pyramid scheme operators.  Hopefully it will return to being one, if and when those types move over to something else.  Meanwhile, the broken wheels must be fixed...
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:38:43
Long before they adopted the euro, the Greek used to say: when the Gods want to really punish a mortal, they make his most ardent wish come true.
May the Gods grant your wish of a congested network with indeterminate fees, replace-by-peter, child-pays-for-luke, and all the other contraptions that will surely be the envy of Paypal users everywhere.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:39:35
But the intent is to convince people that buying bitcoin is good, isn't that right?
@_date: 2015-07-10 03:55:23
Lately, before the spam attack, the block reward was ~6700 USD, and the average fee per transaction was ~3.3 US cents.  The total fees for a full 1 MB block would be ~85 USD, which is ~1.2% of the reward.  So, if an empty block has 2% more chance to win the PoW race than a full block, mining empty blocks will be more profitable to the miner. 
If the minimum transaction fee were raised to 0.10 USD, for example, the total fee for a full 1 MB block would be ~250 USD (instead of ~85 USD), that is, ~3.7% of the block reward.  Then mining empty blocks would be more profitable only if they had 4% more chance to win than a full block. 
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:43:04


I explained what I mean by "new".  Sorry if you don't understand.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:38:23
Maybe you did not understand the point?  Any "protective" change to the protocol that prevents the bad mining majority from jamming the good chain will also prevent the good minority miners from mining it, so they will have to join the majority to survive.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 01:54:49


For sure.  
During this test, I saw total traffic climb to ~300 kB/minute, which by my math would be ~12 tx/s, or ~1 million tx/day.  That is 3 times the max network capacity with 1 MB blocks (360'000 tx/day) , but  6 times the actual capacity (180'000 tx/day) because miners do not completely fill their blocks. (The peak traffic may have been even higher, but [the plot]( that I was following could not keep up with the traffic.)
If they used a fee of 0.01 USD (~0.00004 BTC) per transaction, at the peak load they would be spending ~400 dollars per hour.  If they had tried to block your transaction as well, with fees of 0.0003 BTC (~0.08 USD), it would cost them ~8 times that, or ~3000 dollars per hour.  
They said that their budget for this test was 5000 euros, so they could not do much worse than that...
@_date: 2015-07-30 15:02:11


It would not work.  Miners do not need to download the blockchain in order to start mining; they only need the header of the last mined block, that does not depend on the block size.  Mining a larger block is a slight disadvantage for those who mine it.
Any miner can "steal" the hash of a block that was recently mined by a large open-membership pool, and many of them do.  That too is independent of the block size limit or actual block size, and gives small closed miners a noticeable advantage over the big pools.
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:15:29
The question is specifically how that v2 block got from BTCNuggets to F2Pool.  That is where things went wrong: a v3 miner should not have trusted blocks received from a v2 node.
@_date: 2015-07-25 12:19:12


Makes sense.  It could be someone stress-testing RBF.
@_date: 2015-07-14 06:57:22
The fee can (must) be changed in the same way that the max block size limit can (must) be changed.
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:52:36


I believe that it is Blockstream's "business plan".
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:26:03
Seeing the bitcoiners run in circles wailing while the project gets derailed by the "new devs" is silver.  Seeing them do that after being warned is gold.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:57:13
At the current price and usage levels, definitely.  
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:33:23


I see.  Why can't the hashing be cumulative -- the hash of inputs 1..N depends on the hash of inputs 1..N-1, plus the input N?
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:40:43
Needless to say, a real spam attack (or a serious stress test) would use fees and output amounts that would get its transactions above the filter thresholds.  
By the way, wouldn't it be worth to briefly explain to all players what exactly is the effect of those changes?  Or should clients (ahem) *trust* that the developers know what they are doing?
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:57:38


Well, if the total does not change, then either the revenues of individual miners and pools will not change, or some will lose while some will win.  If the latter, it is not clear who would lose, and how much.  
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:01:21
I edited my comment adding the last paragraph; wonder if you saw it.
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:19:03
Thanks, but I would like to know his position, not what you would like his position to be.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:36:15
Mining costs 1 million dollars per day.  At current traffic levels before the stress test (120'000 tx/day, ~50'000'000 USD/day excluding return change), that is a flat cost of ~8 USD/tx, or a proportional cost of ~2% of the transaction's total amount (excluding obvious return change), or some ombination of the two.  
Currently that cost is almost 100% paid by the new investors -- who buy and hold -- rather than by the users who benefit from the service.  That is as unhealthy economics as it gets.  
Thus, a 0.05 flat fee for each output would be only a small step towards fixing that problem...
@_date: 2015-07-14 08:11:38
It all comes around to the same problem: network saturation.  
If the network is not saturated -- that is, the short-term incoming transaction traffic TB in bytes/s is less than the theoretical capacity CB = (max bytes/block) x (average blocks/s) -- space in the blocks will *not* be a scarce resource, and the size of transactions will not matter.  If the minimum fee per transaction is high enough, it will be advantageous for the miner to include all transactions that it can get. 
I would guess tha the cost of downloading and validating a transaction, even one with many inputs, is much less than 1 US cent. (The cost seems to be quadratic on the number of inputs NI, and some new version of the software -- QT or XT, maybe both -- will limit NI already for that reason; that limit can be further reduced if miners are unhappy with their cost.)  If the per-output fee is large enough, it should be o to offset alsothe increased risk of losing the block race due to the extra delay of posting a larger block.  
In short: if there is no "traffic jam" and the fee per output is large enough, the miners will want to take all the txs in the queue, no matter what their size.
Thus, the miners may start to give preference to txs with fewer input/output ratios only during natural traffic jams or spam attacks.  The solution is to keep TB smaller than CB as much as possible, and make effective spam attacks as expensive as possible.  Raising the minimum fee to something significant will go a long way towards both goals.  Increasing the block size will be another great step too.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:25:06
The protocol could easily be changed to make the key unnecessary in that case.  Just like any input amount that is not used in the outputs is automatically sent to the miner's address.
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:12:35
I am referring to the developers who took control of Bitcoin Core after Gavin stepped aside, and who are adamantly against increasing the block size limit because they want it to reach saturation as soon as possible.
Gavin has been proposing to increasing that limit in order to avoid saturation.  He is now supporting Mike Hearn's variant of Bitcoin Core (Bitcon XT), that presumably will implement his proposal (BIP 101) or some variant of it.
An increase of the block size limit would allow bicoin to work pretty much as it does now for a few years more.  An increase in the minimum fee to something meaningful (say 0.05 or 0.10 USD) would help a lot, by cutting down many uses with low economic value ("spam") such as tumbling and advertisement, further extending the useful life of the system as p2p payment netowrk.  
In contrast, the plan of the BitcoinCore maintainers is to let the network become congested, so that there will be a "fee market" driving fees up and eventually driving most person-to-person payments out of the network and into off-chain services like Coinbase and Circle, or some future "overlay network" based on them.  If the block size limit is not increased, traffic jams should start to occur naturally (not by  spam attacks) soon, perhaps in early 2016.
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:49:10
Someone ought to issue an edition with the ~~sentences~~ versicles individually numbered, for ease of reference.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:10:42


BFL is embroiled in an FTC lawsuit and does not seem to be functional anymore.
@_date: 2015-07-27 03:41:14


Well, I hope that you open you eyes and realize that those whom you call "experts" (a) while they may know  a lot about bitcoin, they are not "expert" enough to be let in charge of its evolution, and (b) they consider bitcoin to be their ranch, and bitcoiners to be their cattle.
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:17:36


A valid block is one that satisfies all conditions defined in the protocol (inputs have not been spend yet, their signatures check, the total outputl is no more than the total input, and a lot more), and is either Satoshi's "genesis" block or includes the hash of a previous valid block.  Moreover, among all valid blocks that you know, you should trust the one that has the more proof-of-work (basically, the largest block index in the blockchain). 
Note that it does not matter what other nodes and clients decide.  If a client or node uses a different criterion to choose the "true" branch, other than longest chain, he is no longr using the bitcoin protocol, and will not have the security that the protcol guarantees.  If the client rejects the longest branch because someone told him that it was mined by a "bad" miner, then that someone is a trusted authority -- which is what bitcoin was created to get rid of.  If the clients rejects the longer branch because 7 of his 8 contacts told him that it is "evil", the client is vulnerable to attackers that create lots of nodes (which is much cheaper than mining a new block).  
In other words, the central idea of the protocol, that makes it work, is that each client should trust only the longest chain -- because, eventually, that is almost certain to be the one mined by the majority of the miners.  Any other criterion either requires a trusted authority, or can be faked at little cost.
Of course, for that idea to work, miners must be widely dispersed so that any group who inteded to do bad things has only a minority of the hashpower.  (That is why the current situation, with 55% of the hashpower controlled by 4 pools in China, is extremely serious.) 
Also, for the protocol to work, the network must be redundantly connected so that eveybody will eventually receive any mined block that will eventually be part of the true chain, by at least one route through honest nodes. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 00:18:44
See my other comment.  I would be quite surprised if more than 1% of the bitcoiners will "lose confidence" in bitcoin just because a mining cartel has decided to use their power.
By logic, bitcoin should have become worthless when the Chinese got more than 50% of the hashpower.  In reality, 99% of the bitcoiners ignored the fact, and the other 1% claimed that it meant nothing and all was fine...
@_date: 2015-07-29 06:41:35
In the last stress test, the tester claimed to have spent spent ~5000 USD.  On the other hand, normal clients had to pay more than 70'000 USD, above the normal fee amounts, in order to get through.  
If the test had been financed by a miner with 20% of the hashrate, the miner would have collected 14'000 USD of fees above the normal level.  
That is still peanuts compared to the block rewards, but it means that such an attack could have been kept going indefinitely, with ever increasing fees, without any net loss for the tester.
@_date: 2015-07-04 17:26:30
Instead of blockchain and miners, imagine a big accounting office 200 years ago with lots of  workers at their desks. 
Each worker gets a page of a ledger from the foreman with a column of figures, a couple dozen lines long, and his task is to add those numbers and write the total below.  He gets a penny for each page that he *correctly* adds that way. 
Any errors would be rather expensive for the office, especially if they are discovered well downstream of the source.  To catch those errors as early as possible, each page with its total T is also checked by another worker, picked at random.  This second worker's task is to compute the sum E of the amounts in even-numbered lines, the sum O of those in odd-numbered lines, check that E + O = T, and write the difference D = E - O at the bottom of the page.  He too gets a penny *if D is correct*.
The first worker would not want to cheat (write a random total, without adding), since sooner or later the error would be found and he would lose all the money he earned.  But he could make a mistake; and he will make more money by working fast with a 10% chance of error, than by taking twice as much time for each sum with a 1% chance of error.  
If the second worker did not have to write down the difference D, but only write "correct" under the total, he would be better off cheating and always write "correct".  Even if the first worker made an occasional mistake,  the verifier would lose those pennies, but cheating would still be very worthwhile.  Seeing an error go past the verifier could make the foreman suspicious, but he would be unable to prove that the verifier was cheating in the other cases too.
But since the verifier has to write D, and will only get paid if D is correct, he must add all the numbers in the two groups anyway, and compute the difference D = E - O.  If he cheated on that task, and wrote a random difference D, he would eventually lose all the pennies he earned (unless he was extraordinarily lucky).  The only way he could still cheat is by skipping the last addition E + O and writing "correct" under T, without checking. But since he already did 95% of the work, cheating on that step would bring him very little advantage.
The difference D in this example is a certificate that the verifier, with high probability, did at least 95% of the work of checking the total T.  
Back to bitcoin: the miner who mines a block could be required to include a similar certificate showing that he did almost all the work that would be needed to verify the previous block (or two blocks earlier, whatever). 
As it is now, a miner gains more by skipping the verification, gambling on the previous block being correct, than by wasting time validating that block.  That will not be true if he is required to include evidence that he did validate it.  If he cheats and uses a random certificate, sooner or later his block will be found to be invalid and he will lose his reward.
Forcing miners to verify the previous block would prevent long chains of blocks being mined on top of an invalid one, as just happened.    
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:10:29
Using "we" is standard academic style.  So much so that, even when "I" should be the right pronoun (like in theses and single-author books) academic types still use "we" because "I" feels presumptuous/arrogant/whatever.
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:50:17
I know those charts, use them a lot.  Still not what was asking...
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:15:31
It is obviously a fake -- not for its style, but for its timing and contents.  
As for the style, I dunno, it sounds too dramatic and emotional.  
And also illogical.  Bitcoin would be dead if it was defined and controlled by one company, against the opinion of the majority of the users.  Or if 70% of the hashpower was controlled by 5 pools (one Ukranian, four Chinese).  Or if most(?) users left their bitcoins in Circle, Coinbase, and the exchanges -- or in a fund like BIT or BTO.  Or if it suffereed any of several other disasters that already happened.  Why would he declare it dead after a switch to a different implementation, that only tries to keep bitcoin viable for the purpose that motivated him to create it?
@_date: 2015-07-30 03:11:42


Of course.  I meant the "significant min fee" to be a complement to the block increase, not an alternative to it.  By itself, a 0.15 $ fee  would delay the onset of the "natural" saturation (by cutting down frivolous traffic), and may deter "stress tests" with low fees, that merely stress the transaction queues; but it would not reduce the risk of spam attacks that are designed to block normal traffic by raising the fees as neded.  Only a block size limit increase can help on that front.


That was the case only because the devs blotched the fork.  They programmed the BIP66 change to become effective as soon as 95% of the miners had signaled on the blockchain that they had upgraded the software.  
By that method, they (a) made the date of the change impossible to predict, and (b) ensured that the change would trigger when 5% of the miners were still running the old version, *no matter how promptly the miners tried to upgrade*.   
They should instead have programmed at least two weeks of delay between the "95% vote" event and the switching-on of BIP66.  Then everybody would have time to notice that the event occurred, and any laggards -- not just miners, but also clients and nodes -- could have been warned to upgrade.  Surely BTCNuggets and the rest of the 5% would have upgraded too, out of self-interest.
Perhaps they omitted the grace delay because they intended for the fork to pass unnoticed, without giving people a chance to protest or get scared.  If that was the intent, it backfired badly...
In fact, the blockchain voting is needless complication.  An even better solution would have been to contact the major miners and other important players, explain why the change was important, and secure their consent.  Then issue the BIP66 -- without any blockchain voting, just turning on the change at a specific block number -- post the new code, and warn everybody to upgrade.   
But of course a hacker would lose his medals if he choose this "fleshware" solution instead of the cleverly hacktomatic all-programming solution...
@_date: 2015-07-22 13:09:19
Funny, what did he step down from then?
@_date: 2015-07-18 20:25:19
So they don't deny that "they want to 'cripple' Bitcoin with small blocks".  
So the only part of the 'conspiracy theory' that remains in doubt is whether they want to do that "for financial gain"?  Well, I would not put it that way myself.  
Rather, I believe that Blockstream made certain projections to their investors, that included the network saturating by the end of this year, and most person-to-person traffic being forced to move to off-chain solutions like Coinbase and Circle.  And they must have mentioned that they had control of the reference implementation.
So, in my mind, preventing *any* increase of  the block size limit must be a matter of not disappointing their investors, rather than direct financial gain...
@_date: 2015-07-30 13:20:43
Increasing the block size limit is necessary to prevent network saturation and to make spam attacks more expensive, hence less likely.  The authors of the big "stress test" of July 7-19 claimed to have only ~5000 USD budget.  If the block size limit had been 8 MB instead of 1 MB, they would have needed to issue 10-12 times as many transactions per second (hence spend 10-12 times as much) in order to start and sustain a backlog, and the backlog would have cleared 10-12 times faster.
Increasing the block size limit to 8 MB will not cause the blockchain to grow 8 times in size.  In the absence of spam attacks, the traffic should just continue growing at its natural pace, from the current 120'000 tx/day to perhaps 150'000 tx/day by early 2016.  At that point, the average block size would have increased from 500 kB to 750 kB.   At that point, with 1 MB block size limit, frequent traffic jams will probably occur during peak traffic days and hours, with very serious consequences for the usability and image of bitcoin.  With 8 MB block size limit, the average block size will just continue growing slowly, probably reaching 1 MB by mid-2016, perhaps 1.5 MB by mid-2017, etc.  Thus, raising the block size limit  will not affect the cost or running a full node for another 6 to 12 months, and will have a gradual effect after that.
In case of a serious spam attack (with above-minimum fees), all the transactions issued by the attacker be eventually  included in the blockchain, whether the block size limit is 1 MB or 8 MB.  Therefore, in the case of a spam attack, the block size limit will not make any difference for the total size of the blockchain, hence for the cost of running a full node.  The only difference is that, with 1 MB block size limit, the spammer's transactions may be spread out over (say) ~1400 blocks, each 500 + 300 = 800 kB in size, spanning ~10 days; whereas, with 8 MB block size limit, the same transactions would be packed into ~70 blocks, each 500 + 6000 = 6500 kB in size, spanning 12 hours.  
To better protect against spam attacks, one should increase the block size limit **and** also increase the minimum fee to something significant, say about 0.10-0.30 USD/tx.  That would make spam attacks even more expensive and hence less likely.  A minimum fee increase would also cut down on "frivolous" traffic, and encourage miners to process the unconfirmed transactions more promptly instead of mining empty blocks.
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:43:07
I would rather see you prove that the "cost of the dollar", per transaction or per volume transacted, is more than bitcoin's.
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:12:12
Well, I agree that bitcoin was conceived and desgned to be a low-cost p2p payment network.  
However, I do not see how that goal can be reached in the current context.  As you must know, with the price at 270 $/BTC, the miners get almost 1 million USD/day.  If that cost were to be paid by the users (as they should be in any economically healthy business), with traffic at 200'000 tx/day, that would be 5 USD/tx.  The users do not see that cost because it is currently paid by new investors.  At some point, bitcoin will run out of new investors.  What then?
@_date: 2015-07-13 13:57:24
I read of some Central Bank official saying something positive, and a court sentence undoing the closure of a website by the government; but the anti-bitcoin legislation was going through Parliament at request of the Ministry of Finance, and I haven't seen anything about that changing course.
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:04:30


They would not necessarily be "unknown".  Can you for a moment put yourself in the place of GHash.io owners, and think what they could and would do? 
By the way, as I wrote we now know that BitFury was a part of GHash.io.  It is not clear whether GHash.io was/is owned by the same BitFury guys.  
@_date: 2015-07-03 19:17:52
Thanks! Taking 200$ as the average remittance, that would be 20'000 USD/day, or ~7.5 M USD/year.  Not bad.
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:35:42
The main reason why practically no one is *investing* in bitcoins is that they have no backing asset, and no entity that promises to return the money invested.   They are like titles of land on Tatooine:  OK, the supply is finite; OK, the land registry is totally tamper-proof; but why should someone pay 300 dollars  for an acre of imaginary real estate?  The explanations of bitcoiners don't seem to convince the rest of the world...
The reasons why practically no one uses bitcoin *as a currency*, besides the ones stated in the article, include the lack of charge-backs.  These are a *feature* of credit cards and paypals; a feature that was added to their systems, at great expense and headaches, because consumers demanded it.  
Another reason is that bitcoin payments are not free: once one considers all the fees needed to go from dollars to bitcoins and back to dollars, the alleged savings may be small or negative.  Likewise, once one considers the hassle of those conversions, bitcoin paymenst are much more complicated and time-consuming than the alternatives.
And another reason yet is that bitcoin payments take too long to confirm.  In normal conditions the delay may range from 10 to 30 minutes or more. (Zero-confirmation payments may soon become infeasible.) If the network becomes congested, which is the plan of the  "new" Core developers, the delay for first confirmation may be several hours, or even days. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:28:02


Um, have you considered the possibility that the reason they failed to ship or refund the order is because they don't have the eagles, bitcoins, or dollars that would be necessary to do so?
@_date: 2015-08-08 16:47:32


There is no such thing in a general *transaction*, but a transaction can include a special "script" output where the *issuer* can include a short string (40 bytes, IIRC?).
There is a space in each *block* where the *miner* who mines that block can put a longer string.  Satoshi used that space to insert the cover headline from /The Times/ of 2009-01-03, to prove that the genesis block was created on that date and not earlier.  (He could cheat on other users by mining several thousand blocks secretly in advance, and posting them   some time after the chain went public, thus orphaning all their blocks and double-spending his own coins.  The headline proved that he could have, at most, a day's worth of secretly mined chain.)
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:39:39


Because there are laws that define it.  The concept of "property" ("ownership"), distinct from "possession" or "control", exists only if there is a government that will recognize it.  
You are the proprietor of some thing if  (only if, and only because) some government agrees that you should have possession of it -- and is willing to use its power to return that thing to your possession, if someone else takes possession of it without following the property transfer rules accepted by the government.
You are the proprietor (owner) of your car because you acquired it in some way that the government approves.  If the car is stolen, the thief has possession of it, but you are still the owner, and you should expect the government to help you recover it.
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:13:23
Thanks, but I don't see the histogram of transaction sizes. Do I have to log in to see it?
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:51:03


Were those really zero fee?  I understood that Coinwallet.eu planned to do their stress test using normal or above-normal fees.  So much so that [the minimum fee needed to get into the next block]( is now 3.3 mBTC/kB, or ~0.40 USD.tx assuming 400 B/tx
@_date: 2015-07-03 11:08:13
The key number is "shares outstanding".  The 1.6 M shares represent 8000 BTC locked up in the fund.  For comparison, ~3600 BTC are mined each day.  
Those 8000 BTC may be the coins that KnC (and maybe some other bitcoin holders) were holding.  Creating a fund is just a way of selling a hoard of BTC while ensuring that they will not find their way to the exchanges.
It is hoped that the investors buying COINXBT or GBTC shares are a new market, disjoint from the population that would invest "naked" BTC.  Otherwise, those funds would be taking money away from the exchanges...
@_date: 2015-07-04 22:13:30


Doubly lucky in fact: the devs were awake and attentively watching the blockchain for the triggering of BIP66.  Had the problem occurred a couple of days down the road, when they were asleep or busy, it could have been much more serious, and hackers could have had time to exploit it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:16:43
A stress test [seems to be underway](
@_date: 2015-07-09 17:07:00
CoinJoin and tumbling are trying to do more than just privacy (to the extent that banks provide, which Satoshi was arguing that bitcoins would provide too by having anonymous accounts).  Fine, but they should pay their share of the cost.  If a mere 10 cents fee per transaction would break them, tough.  There is no justification for pushing the cost of those services entirely on other people -- who, almost always, are not aware of it.
@_date: 2015-07-07 02:24:28
Will you get a cut from the lucky miner? ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-11 00:48:18


I don't think so; it would be in their interest to mine a new block on top of that empty one.  Others will be doing that, so if they re-mine the previous block, they will have a high risk of being orphaned.


As I just posted, I don't see any disadvantage of an 8 MB limit that would be worse for bitcoin than reaching near-saturation.  The latter means having traffic jams every day, and forcing clients with urgent transactions to stay online for hours, playing transaction leapfrog.


I am not "assuming" it.  That is a fact, because the backlogs will be triggered by random surges of traffic that exceed the capacity.  Look at the graphs of transactions per day, and imagine what transactions per decaminute will look like.
Again, while the traffic is well below capacity, that tool will be useless:  any fee will get you in the next 2-3 blocks at most (depending only on miners' fondness for short and empty blocks, which will not be swayed by fees).  
Once a traffic jam has started, and a significant backlog has formed, the smart wallet needs to know how many transactions will come in ***with fees greater than X***, for various values of X.  But those fees will be chosen by other clients using similar algorithms, ***who are trying to out-bid you***.  There will be no historical data to help you with that.
The "fee market" will be basically an auction of slots in the next block. An algorithm to guess the proper fee to get into the next block is as impossible as an algorithm to guess an offer that will win an ordinary auction.  


But if only a few people will want priority service, then there is no justification to provide it.  
Please consider this: **most clients, including and especially those with greatest urgency, cannot afford to stay online to monitor the progress of their transactions and play leapfrog with other clients**. 
Small-blockians are proposing HUGE changes in the way people make bitcoin payments, that will impact ALL clients, that may break businesses like BitPay -- and then say that one cannot increase the block size LIMIT because it *may* have some advese impact on some friggin' nodes?  Come on...
@_date: 2015-07-11 21:56:48
The "SPV mining snag" was not really due to "SPV mining", and the pools were not doing "SPV mining" actually.  
The 6-block "fork of july" happened because the devs did not program a reasonabe delay between the "95% mining majority" event and the enforcement of BIP66.  That *guaranteed* that there were still 5% of miners (and an unknown number of clients and relay nodes) still running the old version when the rule came into effect.
The pools are "stealing" the hash of the previous block from each other without waiting for the block to propagate out to the nodes.  That forces them to start mining on an empty block, because they don't know what transactions were included in the parent block.  If they are lucky, they will solve the puzzle before they can download the parent block.  Then they, and all other pools, must immediately start mining a new one on top of the empty child block, even before it gets out to the nodes.  Only if everybody is unlucky they will have time to receive the parent block, fetch another blockful of transactions, and add them to the block that they are mining.
Hash stealing is normally much safer than "SPV mining" because the pool that is the source of the stolen hash has strong incentives to generate valid blocks and send out valid hashes to its members.  It failed in that case because the source was running out-of-date software, not because it was malicious or did something wrong themselves.  And it was out-of-date because BIP66 was programmed to go into effect when 1 every 20 miners were still unprepared to handle it... 
The pools will not stop doing that optimization because it would put them at a clear disadvantage with respect to closed miners (who can steal their hashes anyway).  
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:00:49
How come?  Bitcoin depends on everyone acting so as to maximize their own profit... 8D
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:37:39


You may call it what you want, but "open to the general public" cannot possible mean anything else, which happened in 1994.  
Before that, the internet was definitely not "open to the general public".  For one thing, before 1994 there was hardly any spam, malicious posting, sock puppets, etc..  Users who misbehaved were easily identified, and their employer or school was notified.  They either stopped misbehaving or lost their internet access.  That of course changed when the internet opened to the public.
@_date: 2015-07-10 03:40:59
I am simplifying, but the essence is that anarchists and libertarians seem unable to do "social thinking": putting themselves in the place of others, thinking how the others would think, and figuring out how they would reacti to one's actions and changed contexts.  Like, "robbers have handguns; if I had a machine gun, I could defend myself from them; therefore I should be able to buy a machine gun through the internet"
@_date: 2015-07-15 05:44:11
Hey, *you* should be interested in fixing bitcoins problems. Yes, that would require some hard forks; so what?
Maybe my ideas don't work; but then show why.  For all I know, it is the "fee market" that will not work; and I have explained why.
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:40:35
He just thinks that it will not prosper.  He has no plans to feast on its spoils.
The real vultures are those who want to take possession of the bitcoin mining network and turn it into an internal component of the rubegoldbergian payment system that they are trying to design -- that looks a lot like the current banks and credit cards, except for that 'it works' detail.
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:32:42
They implemented BIP66, and are blocking BIP100-103, without regard for the opinion of most clients.
If they committed an increase from 21 million to 31.5 million with reward halving every six years, I bet that most miners would upgrade, and then most clients would have to upgrade -- and most investors would speak ou in *defense* of the change, so as to preserve the value of their coins. 
@_date: 2015-08-01 23:29:41
I don't dispute your evaluation of those companies, and could add some comments of my own.  I cited them because they are the "economic majority" that is supposed to decide which cryptocoin is THE bitcoin.  
My point is that a majority mining cartel can force that "economic majority" to accept any change that the cartel wants (assuming that it is not as bad for them as losing their coins would be).
As for the 20 MB proposal, if those entities approved the 20 MB plan, obviously they would approve also 8 MB, 4 MB, or 2 MB.  The issue is not the number: it is whether the network *must* be allowed to saturate in 6 months, or the normal traffic should be allowed to grow at its normal pace for at least a couple of years longer.  
Since it is a binary decision, there is no compromise possible.  One side must win and the other must lose.  As a computer scientist, I think lifting the block size limit should be an obvious banal maintenance event.  As a member of however, I should root for the side that promises the most comedy...
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:18:54


If fees were raised to 0.05 USD per output, 90% of the traffic would disappear, and spam attacks like this one would not cost 50 dollars per hour.  
Unfortunately, after Charlie and Ross were jailed, Roger went to exile, and Mark became slightly unpopular, SatoshiDice is has became the main pillar of the community; and their business model requires that the cost of transactions be paid by someone else...
@_date: 2015-07-15 04:41:54
Where are yu seeing that? [Statoshi.info]( says 63 k tx and climbing.  [This site]( confirms (131 MB backlog)
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:21:41
Gavin stepped down as head developer a few months ago, and now Greg, Adam, and others are incontrol of Bitcoin Core.  "New" and "Old" in that sense.  
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:01:24
Search for "Coinwallet" and sort by  "new". They reported on their first attempt 2 weeks ago (which was aborted for technical problem after they spent ~500 EUR) and siaid that they would shortly retry.  Their aim wa 200 MB backlog, and indeed [this test has been winding down after reaching that goal on July 11](
The excess fee estimates above were taken from [this graph](  Assuming 20 BTC is the normal daily amount,  the excess so far is 9 + 25 + 30 + 22 + 19 + 17 + 26 + 14 + 8 + 9 = 179 BTC.  I don't know how to tell how much is from their transactions and how much is from legitimate clients raising their fees.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:08:37
Do you know for a fact that they validate the parent block before starting to mine a new one?  They can do the "hash stealing" trick on open pools too; why wouldn't they do it?
@_date: 2015-07-03 12:53:05
When was that interview? Is Amagi Metals still in business?
EDIT: Apparently [they have just evaporated](
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:41:47
I see that you have now switched to logscale on the vertical axis: good!  
But perhaps you should draw horizontal lines at 750 kB and 1 MB; it was hard to locate them before, even harder now....
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:03:37


Ten minutes. (Approximately, ideally, etc.)


My expectations about the future of bitcoin just sank a another foot.
@_date: 2015-07-23 04:08:24
I was referring to the sum of all entries from 0.1 BTC up, which is about 750 k (if my arithmetic is not wrong...)
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:20:03
It would be improper to ask what happens if they get 4000 requests for the next block, I suppose.
@_date: 2015-07-15 03:12:36


Not at all.  
If you read my other comments, you'll see that I am very much worried about ensuring enough incentive for miners to process as many transactions as they can.  (In fact, it seems that I am one of very few who actually tries to put numbers in my arguments -- many seem to think that these issues can be decided on qualitative arguments alone, and faith in "the market" to sort out the numbers...)
But, please, go back to the beginning of your thinking and erase the assumption "clients will be fighting for space in the blocks".  That cannot be allowed to happen: the network cannot be allowed to get near saturation, because then its usefulness and competitiity will drop.  That will not happen for a couple of years, if the minimum fee is raised (by any means).  Raising the block size limit will push the risk of saturation even further ahead in the future. Both will also decrease the risk and severity of spam attacks.


That is not quite true.  You are considering only the bare transmission costs, but not the surrounding necessary structure.
For one thing, part of the bank's costs are security-related.  Large transfers are more risky than small ones: if the bank's attention was the same for all transfers, fraudsters and hackers would be more likely to try a single large heist than many smaller ones.  If a hack or fraud succeeds, or if an uncorrectable error occurs, the losses will be much higher for higher-value transfers.  Thus it makes perfect sense to charge the security risks, at least, proportionally to the value of  the transaction.
This argument applies to bitcoin too: higher value transactions "carry" more risk of attack and errors than small ones, so it is fair that they pay a larger share of the cost of securing and validating the ledger. 
And this is also another instance of the basic business principle that the price should be proportional to the value of the service as perceived by the client, rather than the internal cost of serving that particular client.
There are other arguments for a proportional fees, such as the free market equilibrium pricing and the use of the service by service aggregators, that are relevant to for-profit organizations like banks and FedEx, but maybe not to the bitcoin network. 


Right now, if the reward disappeared, to support the network one would need to charge a flat fee of ~8 USD/tx, or a proportional fee of 2% of the output value, or some combination of the two.
Maybe that is why people are avoiding numbers... 8-(
But this issue will be discussed, no doubt, when rewards shrink further and the network will have to be supported mostly by fees.  There are more pressing problems right now. 
Right now, it is pointless to worry about the network costs aspect when deciding whether the fee should be 0.5 mBTC per kB or 0.2 mBTC per output.  Either way, it will still be a ridiculously small amount compared to the network cost.   What matters is that the fees should be high enough to induce the miners to maximize their service, to cut down freeloading traffic not related to bitcoin's goals, and to significantly reduce the risk of spam attacks.  
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:00:05
On the contrary, *you* are assuming that this is what a malicious spam attack would be like.  In a real attack, the attacker would keep raising its fees too, so as to keep most legitimate transactions out of the blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 04:47:57
There is a [technical thread]( but is may not make much sense to general users.
@_date: 2015-07-07 02:48:28


Wow.  Things suddenly begin to make sense.
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:57:19
OK, so it is not back to normal yet...
@_date: 2015-07-04 22:23:43


It would not have to be a categorical proof.  As in the pencil-and-paper example above, if the miners could be forced to do 98% of the work of verifying the parent block to get the certificate, they would have no motivation to skip the remaining 2%.


Yes, indeed.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:33:06


Indeed.  Some of them seem worried, but those with the keys seem to be impatient for congestion to occur...
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:58:24


Said it all...


The purpose of fees *should* be to have the costs of the network paid by those who use it, instead of offloading it to investors lured with the promise of fabulous profits.
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:37:10


Given that most of them work for one company, whose business plan is based on making the bitcoin network unusable for person-to-person traffic, the wise thing would be to ignore their opinion...
@_date: 2015-08-11 00:36:24
This bitcointalk thread "[PATCH: increase block size limit]( may be relevant.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:42:16


Funny, on my planet vendors always post the price, and if you pay that price, you get the stuff, first-come-first-serve.  
Hopefully a team of bitcoiners will land here one day to teach them some business sense.
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:37:32
Bitcoin is full of arbitrary parameters.  One cannot avoid them.  Raising the block size would have been a no-brainer non-event, if it were not for the "death wish" of the new core devs...
@_date: 2015-07-29 18:33:52


Except that pratically no one (even among regular readers of the forums) knows what is the right fee, or that they have to guess a proper fee, or even that there is something special going on.  Most will just see their transaction sit on the qeue for 10-20 hours, and not know what is happening.  Many will (with reason) give up on bitcoin.
The "fee market" is not, and will not be, a real market, much less a "free" one.  The supply (space on blocks) is fixed, there is only one supplier (the bitcoin network), the clients do not know the price beforehand and cannot choose the supplier, the supplier does not keep any part of the price paid (fees) but passes it all to its subcontractors (miners), and the order of service is determined neither by the fee paid nor by the time of arrival.  There are no barriers for entry of new miners, but they cannot increase the supply nor compete with other miners through lower prices or better services.  Etc.
In short, the hypothetical "fee market" fails at practically every essential requisite of a free market.  The only free market that will exist there is that of clients choosing between bitcoin, competing altcoins, and traditional payment systems.  
Moreover, the fee fiddling that is going on during these tests/attacks is **not** a good preview of the "fee market" that will arise when the 1 MB  network saturates, probably in six months time.  In these tests, there is a single megaclient who issues the vast majority of the transactions, but (apparently, so far) all with the same relatively low fee (currently, 0.20 or perhaps 0.25 mBTC/kB). Therefore, legitimate clients who know about the test and can check [the fee distribution]( can still get their transaction through, on the next block or so, simply by paying a slightly larger fee (currently, 0.30 mBTC/kB).   That will not be the case when the network gets congested with legitimate traffic, because all clients will be competing against each other, by upping their fees, instead of against a common "adversary" who is paying fixed fees.
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:41:01
And I have explained several times already that the "big-block attack" that the 1 MB limit was meant to prevent has **nothing** to do with the current spam attack.  The two attacks are done by different players, through different channels, to break different things entirely.
@_date: 2015-07-27 08:29:31


Currencies are almost invariably created by governments, so even though the above definition says "issued by a government", that is not necessarily part of the definition.  
Bitcoin is not created by any government, but it has no backing asset.  Which of the two features is the essential one for "fiat money"?  From wikipedia 


Since commodity money and representative money can also be issued by governments (e.g. as gold coins and as gold-backed paper money), the word "fiat" in "fiat money" clearly means "without any backing asset", and  not "issued by a government".
By the way, the term "fiat money" is not commonly used; the common word for that concept is just "money".  Outside monetary theory, "fiat money" or just "fiat" was mostly used disparagingly by "gold peddlers" to convince people to invest in gold and precious metals instead of bonds, cash, or other currency-denominated instruments.  It seems that many early bitcoiners were also "gold bugs", so they borrowed the term "fiat money" for ordinary money with the same purpose, namely to disparage it.  
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:41:28
The first paragraph explains why removing trusted third parties is valuable.  Note that there is no mention of fighting governments, evading the law or even keeping transactions private.  If those had been goals, bitcoin would have been designed quite differently (or would not have been created at all, if those goals could not be reasonably guaranteed.) 
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:27:40
Peter Todd, Luke Dashjr, and the Blockstream crowd have turned Satoshi's vision upside-down.
Satoshi had hoped that mining and clients would be done by ordinary internet users, interacting with the network only occasionally, at their convenience; while relay nodes, being more critical, expensive, and permanently online, would be run by businesses.
In the "Bitcoin 2.0 vision", access to the blockchain will be restricted by high fees to the hubs of the overlay network.  So miners and clients will be big companies, while the relay nodes will be volunteers like Luke Dashjr, motivated only by the love of the network (and the intent to censor any "improper" uses of it).
Not to mention that in Satoshi's vision, all you needed to do to use the network was to download a client app and generate a key-address pair.  Then you could receive and send bitcoins to anyone else, without having to interact with or trust any bitcoin-related third party.
Whereas, in "bitcoin 2.0", to use the network you would first have to open a connection to a hub, and trust that the hub will not block your payments to the party you want to pay.
And they need to drive *everybody* out of Bitcoin 1.0, because Bitcoin 2.0 will not be viable unless 90% or more of the bitcoin users have all their expendable bitcoins locked in payment channels with the hubs.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:50:21


The stress test is using transactions with normal and higher-than-normal fees. 
I can see no way of distinguishing "spam attack" transactions from "normal" ones.  An attacker can always prepare his ammunition (many small UTXOs) well in advance, by normal-like transactions, and then spend them all in a short period of time.
By the way, this is not a "spam attack"; the authors are not trying to destroy bitcoin, only shake it hard so that weak parts and bottlenecks can be identified and fixed.  It has already shown plenty of them...
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:28:01


See my reply to another comment above or below.


The first test was (dis)organized here some 2 months ago. Someone proposed the idea and several other redditors spammed together the network for 1-2 hours on a Friday night.
The second test was started by an entity called "Coinwallet.eu" (They said they had a 5000 euro budget and the goal of creating a 250 MB backlog.  Their first attempt failed for technical problems and was aborted after spending 500 euros.  They retried a week later and reached the 250 MB goal.    I am waiting for their promised report.
There was another ~13 hour long test recently, unannounced, that issued bursts of 10 tx/s, with 5 tx/s average. The aim  apparently was to test RBF or double-spending, because there was no increase in the number of transactions confirmed in the chain.  And then there was this one, also unannounced.  
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:50:36
OK. So he was the head jantor, but he stepped aside and now the Core is in the hand of new janitors.
@_date: 2015-07-27 09:54:34
I suppose that you want to know what those things mean in the context of the recent block size "war".  They refer to how much more computational effort will be needed to keep the bitcoin system running, as the number of users "n" increases in the future.  Unfortunately I don't know how to explain that in "3 sentences or less", unless they are *very long* sentences. ;-)
Since computational effort means cost, and (in general) the cost of the system must be eventually paid by the users, that question is basically how much each user wil have to pay as the system gets more users.
Ideally, in a payment system, the computational effort for each user should stay the same, or at most grow very slowly as "n" inceases.  Even if the system gets 10 times more users in some period, it should still cost about the same for each user.  In (pseudo) mathematics jargon, that would be expressed as "the system has total cost O(n)" [ = "proportional no n" ], or "cost O(1) [ = "constant" ] per user".
Bitcoin has a problem there, because all the transactions in the world are recorded in the same file, the blockchain; and every client who wants to be really safe (a so-called "full client") should download the whole blockchain and check that it is valid.  But the number of transactions issued per day will increase in proportion to the number of users n, and so the amount of data that *each* full client must download and check per day also increases in proportion to n. 
That is, if next year the number of bitcoin users were to increas 10 times, the cost for each full client, per day, would be 10 times higher too: he would have to download 10 times as much blockchain data, and spend 10 times as much computing effort to check it.  In that same pseudomath jargon, one says that "the cost for each full client is O(n)", rather than O(1).  If all clients were full nodes, the total cost to them would be O(n^2), rather than O(n).  
That is obviously bad, so it is assumed that most clients will not be "full clients" but only "SPV clients", that basically trust that the blockchain maintained by someone else is correct. For each SPV client, the cost will be basically O(1).  
However, in order to serve those "n" SPV clients, there still need to exist a sufficient number of full clients that, in addition to downloading and validating the whole blockchain, will also answer queries from the SPV clients.  Each of those so-called "full relay nodes" will still have to do "O(n)" work per day just to keep their copy of the blockchain up-to-date.  If there are "m" full relay nodes, the total work made by the SPV clients per day will be O(n), while the total work of the full nodes, per day, would be O(m x n).
If the number "m" of full relay nodes stays the same -- say, 3000 -- as the number "n" of users increases, each full node will also have to serve an increasing number of SPV clients.  Even so, if next year adoption were to grow by a factor of 10, the daily cost for each full node would be 10 times higher, and the total cost of the system would grow only by a factor of 10.  So the cost per user would still be roughly the same.
However, full nodes do not get any reward for their services; they are supposed to do that out of love for bitcoin, or because they are businesses that profit from bitcoin in other ways.  Therefore, a typical full node may not be able or willing to download 10 times more blockchain data and serve 10 times more SPV clients.  While the computing cost per se would not be great, the bandwidth needed to do that may soon be prohibitive. 
Thus, in order to serve 10 times more clients, the number of full nodes would ideally have to increase 10 times, too.  How to do that is a big unsolved problem; in fact, the number of full relay nodes has been decreasing over the years.  But even if it were possible to achieve that goal -- that is, have "m" grow porortionally to "n", or m = O(n) -- the daily cost per full node would still be O(n), and the total cost of the system would be O(m x n) = O(n^2); and then the cost per user would be O(n).  
In other words, if bitcoin were to get 10 times as many users, and somehow gained 10 times as many full nodes, and the cost of the system had to be split among all users,  each user would have to pay 10 times more, somehow.
But that is very unlikely to happen.  On the contrary, if bitcoin's user base were to grow to a hundred million users anytime soon, the independent full relay nodes will probably disappear, because they would not be willing to bear 100x or 1000x more work and internet bandwidth for nothing.  Only the miners, who need that service in order to work, may still run full node services; but that may require raising the transaction fees to a level that pays for their full-node services (that may cost pennies per transaction, paid by the users), if not for the mining itself (that now costs ~8 USD per transaction, to be paid by new bitcoin investors).
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:15:26
See [this thread]( and [this comment]( for some of the problems.
The Lightning network will not be like bitcoin at all.  For one thing, it will require trusted third parties that will be like Coinbase and Circle, only 100 to 10'000 times bigger, with AML, KYC, etc.  (Even it the design prevents them from stealing your money outright, they can block you from sending payments to anyone they don't like, can freeze your money for months, refuse to open an account, etc.  You will no longer be able to pay with on-chain transactions because the fees will be too high, and the person you want to pay will not want to be paid that way for the same reason.  And more...  
@_date: 2015-08-06 17:42:05


Well, when you deposit money in a bank, you do give up ownership of that money.  What you get instead is a contractual promise by the bank to give you (or anyone you choose) an equal amount of money at later times, subject to certain rules, hours, dates, fees, laws, etc.. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:48:10


Excel, javascript, matlab, awk, cannot handle 256-bit integers. In general, it means using special library types and routines instead of native types like **int** or **double**.  
ECC works with 256-bit integers because it absolutely must.  You cannot expect people to use Mathematica to do their home accounting.  Most web designers would be unable to handle bignnums properly. 
Someone who only listens to piano music from recordings may wonder why Chopin never used 12-key chords; or invent some neat psycho-aesthetic arguments to explain why such chords would sound bad, "which is why Chopin was a genius".  But the reason would be pretty obvious to anyone who plays the piano...
@_date: 2015-07-29 01:33:04


The attacker seems to be using 0.2 mBTC/kB for all transactions.  The median fee on the queues is ~0.3 mBTC/kB but that includes the normal clients.
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:54:54
No, that is the "Gambler's Fallacy".  
The chances of getting Heads in the next coin toss are always 50%, no matter how long it was since the last time Heads came up.
The probability of some miner solving a block in the next minute is always the same (about 1 in 10), no matter how long ago the previous block was found.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:11:37
Thank the devs for making this stress test viable.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:15:33
According to the whitepaper (and the spirit of the project) the sidechain can also create his own aardcoins, managed any way they want and pegged (or not) to anything.  They can keep their single BTC under a glass bell jar in the lobby and never touch it.  Ot take a picture of it and return it soon after the opening cocktail.  Or just plan on getting a BTC someday while preparing the way with the aardcoin.  Or...
@_date: 2015-08-07 20:41:54
Part of the reason that the Metric System was widely adopted is that it had carefully engineered devices to ensure the stability and replication of the units -- namely, the physical standards stored at the Bureau of Weights and Measures in Paris.
Unfortunatey, bitcoin's protocol has no mechanism to ensure the  stability of its price, to a level anywhere near what would be needed to use as a unit for the measurement of value.  This fact was quickly learned by every entity that tried to do its accounting, financial planning and reporting, contracts, or product pricing in BTC -- from SatoshiLabs to the Bitcoin Foundation.
In fact, as long as bitcoin's "21 million cap" is misunderstood as a guarantee of fabulous appreciation,  its price will continue to be set by speculative trading only, unsupported by any fundamentals; and therefore subject to random mood swings among day-traders and investors. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:41:40
If the protocol is changed to remove the size cap altogether, that will not automatically result in huge size blocks.  
However, a miner may create a humongous block that will knock out half the client apps out there.
However, if the Chinese miners do not agree to the change, they will just reject any blocks that exceed whatever size cap they choose, and will jam any alternate chain with extra-large blocks that the West may try to mine. 
@_date: 2015-07-11 21:38:06
Why 21 million?  Satoshi's reasoning seems straightforward enough to a programmer:
First, the IEEE double-precision floating-point format can handle integers up to 2^53 without rounding.  Any integer above that will be rounded off to some multiple of 2, 4, 8, etc.  That format is used by Excel, javascript, matlab, awk, and many other languages and applications that accountants and economists use.  Accountants and auditors, in particular, get upset when the debits and credits differ by a digit in the last place.  So the currency of the world had better use no more than 2^53 atomic units.  Infact, to avoid rounding during simple math operations, it is would be good practice to leave a couple of bits of slack, and make that 2^51 atomic units at most.  That would be 2'251'799'813'685'248 or about 2.25 quadrillion of the units now called "satoshis".
But those would be like US cents.  The main unit had better be some multiple of that.  There was no way of guessing how valuable the units would be.  That must be why he chose to put the decimal point right in the middle of the 16 decimal digits.  That is, with 1 bitcoin = 100'000'000 satoshis, the largest amount would be 22'517'998***.***136'852'48 bitcoins, with 8 digits on each side.
Then he had to pick a block reward schedule to get most of the coins out in a reasonable time frame.  A gradually decreasing reward was obviously better than a fixed reward that stopped suddenly after some time.  The simplest gradual formula was to start with some value R0 and cut it in half every N blocks; that would be the easiest to program and explain. In order to generate all the 2^51 coins at the end, the two parameters had to satisfy N = 2^50 / R0.  Picking R0 = 50 BTC = 5'000'000'000 satoshis (a nice round rumber) gave N = 225'179.9813685 blocks; a little more than 4 years (assuming 1 block every 10 minutes).  By rounding N down to 210'000 he made that expected interval to be almost exactly 4 years.  
But that rounding meant that the total issue at the end of time will not be 2^51 or 2^51 − 1 satoshis, but a little less: [20999999.97690000 BTC, to be exact](  Which everybody rounds to "21 million".
@_date: 2015-07-26 09:56:50


Indeed it was a great advance towards its stated goal.  But it did not quite get there yet...
@_date: 2015-07-04 21:56:48
Thanks! I could not find the answer to my question in there, but noted these comments:








I still don't know how that v2 block header got from BTCNuggets to F2Pool.  Was there a relay node in between, or did F2Pool get it directly from BTCNuggets?
So I would still think that the relay nodes, not the miners, were the source of the problem. 
Or, rather, the decision to do a sticky mushy fork, with v2 and v3 players talking to each other without even checking each other's version. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 08:18:57
To me it proved that trying to do soft forks is not worth the trouble; it is like pulling a wisdom tooth out a little every day in order to avoid upsetting the patient.
(To me it also proved that the devs do not know quite what they are doing, but that is another story.)
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:17:28
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:19:16
The discourse is that, even with an increase in block size, the transaction fee will rise so as to keep the bitcoin network below its capacity.  Some LN proponent (not me!) speculated that the fee for blokchain transactions would be 100$.
I don't believe that the LN will be viable at all, and I believe that limiting the capacity of the bitcoin network (which seems to be vital to the plans of the "new core devs") will not lead to higher fees, but only limit adoption so that the daily average traffic does not exceed to ~70-80% of the capacity.  So I cannot dispute those (or any other) numbers.  
But if you believe that the LN will work, could you please provide a consistent set of numbers -- BTC price, total number of LN users, cost of mining per day, average transaction fee, etc. --  that you think could be possible?
@_date: 2015-07-24 23:06:28


But if the LN is supposed to reduce on-chain traffic by a factor of 100 to 10000 (as Adam claimed), each channel must be used for 100 to 10000 payments on average.  Thus the channel timeouts must range from months to years. 
You are now using the word "nodes" instead of "hubs".  The LN hubs will not be casual and volunteer like the bitcoin nodes; they will be entities likeCoinbase of Circle.   (Indeed, I bet that Coinbase and Circle are drooling, expecting to become the Visa and Mastercard of the LN.) They will have to be licensed and apply AML/KYC.


Bitcoin was created for a specific purpose: to enable peer-to-peer payments without the need for a trusted intermediary or central authority.  More specifically, to be used as described by Satoshi in the whitepaper, and assumed by all bitcoiners until six months ago.
If the bitcoin protocol and network happen to be handy for other uses as well, that is good.  If those new uses hamper the original intended use, that is not so good.  If the original use becomes inviable, and people can only access the network indirectly, by using a completely different network that does not have any of its essential features -- that is just evil.


I don't understand your question. I defined the abbreviations BN = bitcoin network (basically the miners and relay nodes); BC = bitcoin blockchain, the distributed ledger maintained by the BN.  
The LN is another network that uses the BN and the BC, but has its own hubs (which you seem to be calling "nodes") and its own protocols.   The stated goal of the LN is to keep 99% or more of the bitcoin transactions off the BN and the BC.   Therefore those hubs must do more than just relay internet packets among clients...  
@_date: 2015-07-26 08:46:24
"Most people don't believe in bitcoin because they are too stupid to understand it." That is a good brain-pipe plug too. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:34:47
I am not making fun of them.  I am criticizing them strongly, for their plan to make bitcoin unusable by individuals and to appropriate it for their still-to-be-designed "overlay network".  And for the arrogant and irresponsible deployment of changes that will suit their agenda.  And for the lies and ad-hominem attacks that they are using to try to get support...
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:04:05
But the "stress testers" may have spent less than 1000$ so far.  With a 100'000$ budget, they could force everybody to spend 5 $ or more to get through.
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:23:33
They know their business better than us.  Their strategy failed this time only because of the BIP66 switch.  Usually they do even worse than "SPV mining": they "steal" the hash of the last mined block from the pool that mined it, even before it gets out to the relay nodes, even without the header.  They already said that they are not going to stop doing that, sorry -- it's dog eats dog out there.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:21:08
It is not possible to raise fees because that will inconvenience SatoshiDice and other freeloading companies whose business model depends on offloading their costs to the ~~suckers~~ new investors who buy bitcoins to hold.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:23:58
Most of 's  recent posts are shrill fact-free defenses of the "new devs", accusing opposers of being trolls, shill, litecoiners, buttcoiners, etc..
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:32:18
Well, that is better.  I can agree with that.  Now, about specifics... 8D
@_date: 2015-07-28 11:05:04
That is no good, it would require a hard fork of the list to update the fee every time the dollar loses value.  Instead you should limit the list to 5 posts per day and have a fee market where the devs can bid for space on it.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:28:45
Let's call the two versions of bitcoin 'A' and 'B'. (There is no reason to consider one more 'legitimate' than the other.)  If the devs did the right thing, after the fork the transactions and wallets of the two bitcoins would be mutually incompatible.  Then, if a client issued a transaction using version 'A' of the software, only the nodes and miners running version 'A' would accept it, and would add it to the 'A' blockchain only.  And conversely for clients running the 'B' version of the software.  
Then a client could handle both his 'A' coins and his 'B' coins, independently of each other, by installing both versions of the software, making two copies of his wallet before the fork, and using each software with its wallet.  
Ideally, one of the two coins would die right away, by being abandoned by most miners and services; while the other coin will retain the full price of the original bitcon.  It is possible, however, for both coins to survive, each carrying a non-negligible part of the price of the original bitcoin.  In that case, each coin with have its 'economy', with its own markets and services.  Some exchanges may support both coins, as if they were two altcoins, and even allow direct trading of one for the other.
Unfortunately, it looks like the devs will ***not*** bother to do a clean coin split, so that the transactions themselves will be compatible with both chains.  In that case there may be be lots of confusion, as most clients will not know for sure whether their transactions will be executed in chain 'A', in chain 'B', or in both. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:10:06


Blockstream devs have been talkig of 20-100 USD/tx fees for on-chain transactions, so that only high-value settlements are on the blockchain.


But what is the point then of letting the network get congested now, if it has to be de-congested latter?  What will be the point to make bitcoin unusable just to raise the fees to 1 $ or less?  


Not quite.  in order to reduce the on-chain traffic to 1/100 of the LN traffic (or 1/100000, according to Adam) , it is neecessary that each payment channel be used for 100-200 LN transactions, *on average*.  So the active bitcoiner who makes 2 transactions per day must lock 3 months' worth of payments, on average. 
When you start looking a bit more closely at how the LN will function, you run into many unpleasant numbers like that 
It follows that most LN users will have to open only one or two channels to hubs, and will be discouraged (presumably by tariffs) from making payments by any other path than through one or more hubs.  Merchants too will have  downstream channels from one or two hubs, and will not want to receive payments on the blockchain, or receive channels directly from customers or other minor hubs.  
It then follows that hubs will be large companies.  It follows that they will submit to all laws and regulations, including AML/KYC.  Hubs that don't will be hunted down, closed and punished.
@_date: 2015-08-02 11:20:20
Not necessarily 'personal gain' in the strict immediatist sense (which, by the way, is obviously what moves most other people in the community -- especially those who start bitcoin-related companies).
I can believe that, even before creating Blockstream,  they wanted bitcoin to succeed -- but  with some peculiar notion of success, that was totally unlike the purposes that bitcoin had been created for. 
Then they created Blockstream, and when they "sold" their vision of bitcoin's future to investors, they must have promised, implicitly or explicitly, to use their position as maintainers of the core version to steer the system towards that vision.  In particular, they must have assured the investors that, by early 2016, the network's capacity would saturate, and then most person-to-person traffic would be pushed out to off-chain solutions like Coinbase and Circle, and later maybe something else, perhaps.
So, I believe it is not so much personal gain in the strict sense; but, rather, not having to face their investors and say 'uh, you know, the congestion that we had talked about will not happen, because the community forced us to increase the block size limit. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:25:09


To me, that sounds like he is *not* libertarian but thinks they may be a receptive community.


Curiously, that was Satoshi's next-to-last posting it seems.  Further down on the same thread, Bruce Wagner writes


I was thinking of [that plea](  OK, "hysterical" is an exaggeration, but he was quite categorical, I would say.
@_date: 2015-07-03 16:40:22
I hope that the hearing also gives space for those who are critical of bitcoin,especially of marketing bitcoin as investment.
@_date: 2015-07-31 01:02:55
There is a [Chinese-language section at bitcointalk.org](  There may be one here in reddit too.
The exchanges have their own chat/forums/news pages, e.g. [OKCoin's](  The front page of Chinese exchanges usually has a "bitcoin news" section.
The Chinese twitter is [weibo.com](
There are occasional [articles about bitcoin in mainstream Chinese newspapers and news sites]( often in the finacial section.  
There is a [Bitcoin article in the Chinese-language Wikipedia](
You can try to search for "比特币" = "Bǐtè bì" = "Bitcoin"  in Google or in [Baidu]( the "Chinese Google".  
@_date: 2015-07-30 00:31:58
[You forgt the epoxy part.](
@_date: 2015-07-14 22:15:44
The whole point is that *the network should not be allowed to be congested* or even get near to that.  Please don't believe the claim that it *should* be.  A (nearly) congested network -- with input traffic (near to or) greater than the capacity -- will be a nightmare, and no fee or priority tricks will make it usable.   
As long as the network is not congested, then space in the blocks (by definition) will not be a scarce resource.  Then the miners will have an incentive to add as many transactions as they can to their blocks, irrespective of the size.
Miners may still discriminate against transactions with too many *inputs* and few outputs if the greater risk of losing the race with a bigger block outweights the transaction fee. This discrimination can be avoided by the client, by breaking those transactions into smaller ones, or breaking the output into 2-3 outputs so as to make the I/O ratio more appealing to miners; or by the system, by setting the minimum per-output fee high enough, or imposing a smaller limit on the number of inputs (which needs limiting anyway, unless the signature verification can be speeded up from quadratic to linear time). 
But it would be desirable not to penalize clients for many-input, single-output transactions, since they remove more UTXOs from the tables and are therefore good for the system.  Perhaps the math will say that they are even good for miners, for that reason.
@_date: 2015-07-19 04:05:22
That way you would get away from *all* current miners, good and bad.  
That would be like the captain of a ship "defeating" a sailors mutiny by taking off in a small lifeboat with his first mate, abandoning all faithful sailors to their fate, and declaring that boat to be the real ship.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:13:07
Blockchain.info seems to be ignoring a lot of transactions when computing that average.  
Blockchain.info reportedly broke down during the previous (prematurely aborted) stress test, two weeks ago.  Perhaps their code cannot fetch the entire queue beyond a certain size.
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:47:35
I agree that there are some negatives; but the consequences of keeping 1 MB limit -- a network saturated with natural traffic, and easily DDoSed by spammers with modest resources -- are so bad that the decision to increase shoud be a no brainer.
I believe also that a hike in the minimum fee, and making it mandatory, is necessary too, and should be introduced even before lifting the block size limit.  It should cut down undesirable traffic, induce miners to process the queues as fast as they can, and make spamming attacks more expensive.  That alone should buy months of extra time before the block increase becomes an urgent issue again.


You can forget those, because of the long and unpredictable delays and the high cost of mining.  A hike of the minimal fee (to, say, 0.10 USD) would not be a problem for them, because they should not be there anyway.  


An attacker with sufficient resources will be able to DDoS bitcoin even if it becomes the settlement network of hubs and the min fee is 50$: the stakes will be much higher in that case.
Look at it this way: an attacker with a certain budget K will do much less damage, or even be unable to attack, if the block size limit is increased. (And even less if the min fee is raised too, and made mandatory.)
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:19:08
As opposed to Gavin and Mike Hearn
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:38:02
There were two times when the blockchain had to be "rewound", in [2010-08-08]( (to fix an unchecked overflow bug that allowed the creation of some 91 billion bitcoins from nothing) and in [2013-03-11]( (to fix a network split due to a database bug in bitcoin core).  
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:08:05


Indeed, and I wish that someone sues someone so that we can get some slightly more reliable information about that.
@_date: 2015-07-04 10:10:35
Haven't we discussed this before?  A majority attacker who wished to change  the protocol would not just mine their branch, they would also jam the "orthodox" one, to force all other players to accept the change. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:29:12
Because they waste an expensive resource that is being paid by others, to attempt (maybe in vain) to achieve a purpose that was not a goal of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:48:09
In addition to the [**statoshi charts**]( one can monitor the stress test and its effects on [**this site**]( and [**this site**](
A few hours ago, coinwallet.eu reached their stated goal of a 200 MB backlog in the queues, and therfore may be winding down their test.  However, in the last hour they have still issued several bursts of traffic, up to 40 tx/s (the normal traffic being ~1.5 tx/s averaged over a day, and the max effective capacity of the network being ~2.5 tx/s, due to the 1 MB limit, empty blocks, and incompletely filled blocks).
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:14:20
Coinwallet.co and coinwallet.eu have similar logos, it's all I can tell...
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:46:30
I suppose that you have seen the posts by Coinwallet.eu. (If not, search for Coinwallet in this subreddit and sort by "new").
It cannot be called an attack because it was announced, they kept by their announced goal (200 MB backlog) and plans (normal and somewhat higher fees), and apparently they did not try to raise their fees dynamically to keep ahead of normal clients who were raising theirs.  
Although the test generated maybe 45'000 USD in extra fees, over the normal level, they may have indeed spent only 5000 USD of that, as they claimed -- the rest being possibly normal clients raising their fees to get through the backlog. 
I might agree that the testers were callous and irresponsible, for going ahead with the test in spite of the harm that they knew it would cause to bitcoin users and bitcoin's image.  However, we have seen other exmples of irresponsible actions even by the developers themselves...  
@_date: 2015-07-04 09:51:01
This *could* have been an excellent occasion to learn that  triggering changes by blockchain voting is a bad idea.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-11 20:38:26
This one seems good too:
@_date: 2015-07-11 20:21:28
Must protect the image at all costs.
@_date: 2015-07-05 01:12:14


Don't be fooled.  8-)
I think that bitcoin is an important and interesting experiment, like Flyer One, the first Wright Brothers' airplane.  
But bitcoin is not ready to be sold to the general public even as a currency, much less as an investment.  It is like if some scammers had tried to create an intercontinental airline with Flyer Ones.  Or sell Flyer Ones to Joe Public for 100x the cost, promising huge profits "because they will soon replace all cars and horses, and will be worth millions"
@_date: 2015-07-14 08:45:07
But the proposal is to raise the minimum fee, so that there will not be any freeloading transactions.  
Running such a service at full capacity is madness, and hoping that the fees can be set dynamically by auction is double madness.  If bitcoin becomes congested, or even near-congested, it will become unusable.  I cannot believe that the devs cannot understand this.  I can only conclude that they *want* to make bitcoin unusable.  Cui bono?
It is tiring to have to tell the same obvious thing over and over again.  Maybe the solution to this impasse is indeed a free market one.  Let there be a full hard fork with coin split, so there will be two fully independent cryptocoins, one "big bitcoin" with 8 MB block limit, and one "small bitcoin" with 1 MB block limit. Everybody will get the same amount of coins in each branch and will be able to move and trade them independently. Exchanges can carry both cins (like two unrelated altcoins).  Bitcoin's price and the hasrate will be split among them.  Let the clients decide which is better, by voting with their money.  After all, bitcoin was built for the clients, not for the developers, miners, or node operators...
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:13:31


That happened mainly because the devs failed to  program a two-week delay between the 95% majority vote and the enforcement of BIP66.
Without such delay (which would have been enough to alert all the laggards of the need to upgrade immediately), the deployment procedure *guaranteed* that there would be 5% of 'bad' blocks (1 out of each 20) being posted by the miners, and an unknown number of 'bad' relay nodes and clients that would accept them as valid...
@_date: 2015-07-18 02:17:29
No: [Unete](  Even though they say "bitcoin, it is not related to bitcoin. (Except that Sergey Mavrodi's MMM company was for a while a Silver Sponsor of The Bitcoin Foundation.)
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:59:17
A company that fails to answer emails or calls of a customer for one entire month, while holding a substantial amount of his money, is at the very least doing a very good imitation of insolvency. Or of something worse.
@_date: 2015-07-09 19:03:37
According to [this plot]( the transaction rate reached ~2.55 MB every 10 minutes (1 decaminute) before the plot server crashed.  That is ~ 10 tx/s or ~1 million tx/day, although that rate was sustained only for a few hours at most.
According to some other post, because of miners often mining empty or incomplete blocks, the actual capacity of the network is only ~50% of its maximum capacity; that is, ~180'000 instead of 360'000 tx/day.  Before the attack, the "normal" traffic was ~120'000 tx/day.  Therefore, a spammer needs to generate only 60'000 tx/day to completely fill the network and start a backlog of unconfirmed transactions in the queues.  If the average tx fee is 0.01 USD, such an attach would cost 600 USD/day (25 USD/h).
Traffic increased almost linearly from 60'000 to 120'000 tx/day in the last 12 months.  At this rate, if nothing else changes, it would reach 150'000 tx/day in 6 months.  While still below the 180'000 effective capacity, at that point there should be recurrent "traffic jams" during peak hours.  Traffic will probably stabilize at that level as users get sick of waiting (or of hearing bullshit about the "fee market") and give up on bitcoin.
If the block size limit were increased to 8 MB, the daily traffic would of course not increase immediately.  If the effective max capacity remained the same (that is, miners continued to mine only 500 kB blocks on average, even with backlogs), then the change would have neither good nor bad effects, and the risk of spam attacks will be the same.  
Let's then  assume that the effective capacity will be still ~50% of the theoretical maximum: that is, 4 MB average block size with full queues, or 10'000 max tx/block, 16 tx/s, ~1.44 million tx/day.  If traffic keeps growing at 60'000 tx/day per year, it would take 17 years to reach 80% of the effective capacity (~1.2 M tx/day).  So, even if traffic were to grow exponentially, 8 MB should be OK for at least a couple of years.    
In that scenario, at current traffic levels, a spam attack would have to geenrate more than 55'000 tx per hour, or more than 15 tx/s, in order to saturate the network and start a backlog.  At 0.01 USD/tx, that would cost the attacker 550 USD/hour.
In conclusion, increasing the block size to 8 MB, by itself, would probably solve the congestion problem for a couple of years at least, and make a spam attack 20 times more expensive.  
In order to make spam attacks even more unlikely, it would be prudent to raise the minimum fee to a significative leel.  Say, require 0.05 USD per output, independently of its amount.  That, and a 8 MB block size limit, would raise the cost of a spam attack to 2500 USD/hour or more.  
A fee increase would also eliminate much of the spam and frivolous traffic in the blockchain.  That would actually decrease the normal load on the relay nodes (whereas limiting the blocks to 1 MB would not prevent it from increasing).
A substantial fee increase would also be an incentive for miners to maximize the size of their bocks.  If the average fee is 0.05 USD per transaction, a 4 MB block will pay ~500 USD, whereas a full 8 MB block would pay 1000 USD -- quite a difference, compared to the block reward (~3500 USD).
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:31:05
Well, then make the signature of input k depend on input k, the hash of signatures 1..k-1 (computed in cumulative fashion) and the hash of inputs k+1..N (computed in reverse cumulative fashion).  Would not work?
@_date: 2015-07-11 02:01:54
At least this part the "new core devs" have said explicitly


Specifically either Adam or Greg, or both, said that the bitcoin network (BN) should not be used for ordinary commerce, and instead it should become the settlement network for an "overlay network" that will carry 99.99% of the "bitcoin" traffic. 


This part is implied by their decision to follow the plan above (turning the BN into the settlement layer of the overlay network that they intend to design) without asking the opinion and consent of the community. 


The Lightning Network will connect ordinary users through hubs, that (like mining) will inevitably get reduced to a handful of big companies because of economies of scale.  These hubs will have AML/KYC rules and can, at the very least, block transactions between specified clients, impose fees, etc.  It cannot be more contrary to the goals of bitcoin than that.


That is also part of the plan above: as a settlement layer, the BN will have prohibitive transaction fees (one small-blockian even guessed 100$ or more).  To do that they need to get the network congested as soon as possible, so that the "fee market" can raise the fees until individual clients are driven away.


That too has been almost explicit in their discourse.  There can be only one overlay network.  All bitcoiners must be *forced* to use it, because it cannot start small and grow little by little, with bitcoiners switching to it voluntarily.  A payment between a BN user and an LN user requires at least two BN transactions.  So, even if it has 70% of the bitcoin users, the LN will generate more traffic on the BN than if those  bitcoiners were all using the BN directly.  For the LN to be viable, *almost all* bitcoiners must migrate to it almost at the same time.
@_date: 2015-07-24 03:46:27


You must trust the hubs to relay your payment.  You must also trust that your hub will be nice and release your bitcoins before the channel deadline, if you need them urgently.  There may be more...


Unlike the bitcoin relay nodes, you cannot easily switch to a different one if you don't like the one you have got.
Suppose you have a payment channel to the Coinbase hub. Starbucks has a payment channel to the Circle hub.  Circle thinks that you have been drinking too much coffee lately, and refuses to relay your payment to Starbucks.  What can you do?
Starbucks will not bother to open a channel to Coinbase, or directly to you, just because of you.  (Besides, that requires a blockchain transaction, and today the bitcoin tx fee is 115.47 $, only because there is less traffic on Sundays.)


The LN *uses* bitcoin but it is not bitcoin, just as canned coke *uses* water but it is not water.
A design goal of the LN is to take 99% of the payments off the bitcoin network (BN).  Therefore 99.9% of the LN transactions will not be  bitcoin transactions.  They will be valid bitcoin transaction *requests*, but they never be transmitted to the BN or entered into the blockchain (BC), being instead processed by the LN mechanisms instead.  
If 99.9% of the LN transactions are not mirrored in the BN, it will be just a small imperceptible step for the LN to stop using the BN for anything.  Just like when the US government removed the gold backing of the dollar...
I wrote above why the LN will be completely unlike bitcoin; almost its exact opposite.
You are not trying to solve bitcoin's scalability problem, or even developing "bitcoin 2.0".  You are designing a completely different payment system: that may scale to a billion users, but does not have most of the notable features of bitcoin -- not even those that justified its creation and continued existence.
That is fine, but then you should start from your new set of goals, and derive the design from them.  Starting from existing mechanisms (the BN) and trying to mold them to your goals is very bad software engineering practice.
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:24:23
Please tell what should be the proper fee.
@_date: 2015-08-12 05:34:51
I don't know what you mean by "ActualMoney (tm)".  If it is the myth that bitcoin is/will be a reliable store of value, yes, I hope that people stop claiming that -- because it is not.  
I don't "want" VCs to stop investing in Bitcoin, but the reason they are investing in bitcoin *ventures* (not bitcoin per se) is that bitcoin is moving a couple billion dollars from some pockets to other pockets, and they see a chance to take a bite of that money as it walks by.  I hope that they go bankrupt, and I believe they will, once the investment pyramid collapses.
@_date: 2015-08-13 02:34:04


First, the "full block episodes" were due to "stress tests" where the extra traffic used fixed low fees (0.2 mBTC/kB or less).  Merely increasing the fee above that fixed level was enough to make the backlog immaterial.  There was no need for smart predictors or fee tweaking tools. 
That is quite different from Mike's predicted scenario, when the *normal* traffic T temporarily exceeds the capacity C.  Or when a hostile entity launches a "spam attack" with the intent to disrupt normal processing.  In both cases, the excess traffic too will be paying increasingly large fees, so the typical client would be required to choose a fee higher than what a typical client would choose.  
AFAIK there has been no comprhensive evaluation of the impact of the recent "stress tests" on normal transactions.  I could see that several thousand legitimate transactions had to wait for days, until the backlog of test transactions finally cleared; and I have seen many posts by baffled clients who saw their transactions sit unconfirmed for days and had no idea of what was going on.  ***It is disingenuous to claim that fee estimators and fee-tweaking tools have rendered Mikes objections less valid, based on this non-analysis of an unrepresentative "test". Mike's prediction of what would happen as T aproaches C remain as valid as before.*** 
If anything, the "stress tests" demonstrated how ridiculously easy it is to mount a spam attack on the current network.  With less than 100'000 USD (probably much less), a hostile entity could have used the same strategy to freeze most normal traffic for days; if, instead of using a fixed fee, it had gradually adjusted its fees to achieve that effect. Increasing the block size limit to 8 MB would make such an attack 10-20 times more expensive to the attacker, and the backlog would cleas 10-20 times faster. ***The increased risk of spam attacks created by the 1 MB block size limit should dwarf the risks of increased centralization that allegedly would result from raising the limit to  8 MB.***
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:35:19


It is very clear-cut that the exception only applies to components **sold to manufacturers** of electronic equipments.  If he was selling on eBay, how could he check that? If he had no way to check, then he was selling to the general public.
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:54:17


Mostly speculative trading of assets whose price is mostly speculative, like gold or the classical bubbles.  
While speculation occurs with productive assets too, the profits that one gets from longterm investment in these comes from new concrete wealth (goods or services) created by the underlying assets.  A share of Apple is what the name says, ownership of a slice of the company.  The profit that a longterm investor gets from said share comes from customers who buy the products that Apple makes; its value is generally based on the total value of the products that it is expected to make and sell in the future.
That is the case of direct investment in businesses and tools for one's profession, housing that can be rented, etc.  It is not the case of gold, bitcoins, art, old stamps...  
Trading of speculative assets is just a form of gambling.  I have no problem with gambling when all players know that they are gambling, that it is a zero-sum game where one's gains must come from someone else's losses.  I do have a problem when a speculative asset is sold as a good investment.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:35:09
But everyone now should have a 400 Gbit/s optic rope connection to the internet... Even the North Korean Mining Consortium.
@_date: 2015-07-21 04:33:38
Those people who invested 1 M$ today expect to get it back  eventually, with profits.  Trouble is, the *only* money coming into the system is what new investors put in.  
Suppose that today's investors expect the price be 50% higher on 2016-07-20, when they plan to sell.  So, on that day, the new investors would have to put in 1.5 M$ to feed the miners, AND another 1.5 M to satisfy today's investors.  And so on, indefinitely...
@_date: 2015-07-13 10:05:50
Oops, I didn't notice the dates.  You are talking about old transactions, right?  Sorry.
@_date: 2015-07-11 18:44:45
That article is **one year old**.  Overstock too was all excited when they started accepting bitcoin (not "accepting bitcoin" through a PP, like Expedia); but sales dropped after the first month or two, and their total bitcoin sales in 2014 were "disappointing".
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:51:02


This does not make sense: a miner who does this would be collecting fees that he paid himself.


That is not the reason why the 1 MB limit was added, and it is not a reason to keep it.  The problem of providing incentives to full nodes needs to be solved anyway.   The cost of running full nodes is a poor excuse; the real intent seems to be to let the network saturate as soon as possible, in order to drive the current users to off-chain solutions.  
@_date: 2015-07-28 12:22:27
For comparsion, here are the typical trade volumes at other major exchanges, in the last few months:
    OKCoin      50'000 BTC/day
    Huobi       40'000 BTC/day
    BTC-China   15'000 BTC/day
    Bitfinex    10'000 BTC/day
    BTC-e        7'500 BTC/day
    Bitstamp     5'000 BTC/day
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:10:18
AFAIK, Satoshi himself lowered the limit to 1 MB to ward off some "big block attack".  At the time, he said that the limit could be lifted later, when needed, by doing a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-07-21 05:49:03
The only significative demand is that of the new investors who buy to hold.  As the price increases, those investors must pour in *more* money in order to buy the coins that miners are mining and earlier investors are selling.  
The block reward is cut in half every four years, but if price rises a modest 25% per year, the money that new investors give to the miners would still grow ~5% per year, on average.  That is, one year from now the miners' total revenue would be 1.25 M$/day (on 2016-07-20), then 0.78 M$/day (2017), 0.98 (2018), 1.22 (2019), 1.52 (2020), 0.95 (2021), 1.2 (2022), 1.49 (2023), etc..  And the amount that the new investors must give to the earlier investors who are selling, in principle, would grow 25% each year.  
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:17:15
The uncompromising opposition of the Blockstream devs to any increase in the block size limit is not due to worries about the impact of larger blocks in centralization and disappearance of full nodes.  
Those worries are only lame excuses.  Since even before blockstream was formed, they have been looking forward for network saturation as a positive development, if not a key element of their company's "business plan".  They would even reduce the blocksize, if they could, to make saturation happen now instead of in 2016.
Why exactly do they want the network to saturate, I can't yet figure out.  Perhaps that are simply eager to see the tools/toys that they developed for the "fee market" -- RBF, CPFP, various fee estimators -- get some real action (they are practically useless with an unsaturated network).  Perhaps they really believe that a workable overlay network will develop in six months, and all bitcoiners will choose to use it.  Perhaps they hope that transaction fees will rise to a level that will compensate the miners for the halving of their revenue.  Perhaps they hope that somehow the increased fees, frequent "traffic jams", and vulnerability to spam attacks will make the 1 MB network more attractive as a settlement network for large institutions.  Or perhaps they only hope that bitcoiners will stop using blockchain transactions, and move all their bitcoins to Coinbase and Circle, to finally fill those 2 million wallets...
But all these alternatives, and even their official explanations, require that they be blind to the consequences of saturation to the common user; or that they don't give a damn about it.  Is that the case?
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:02:49


That is not a really hard fork, but only a semihard mushy sticky fork. 
A properly done hard fork happens at a well-defined block number.  From that point on, every block, *every transaction,* and every wallet that is valid for one version is invalid for the other, and vice-versa.  (That can be achieved by "salting" the transaction inputs with the version number before signing them.)  
So, clients that upgrade to the new version will have to make a properly reformatted copy of their wallet at fork time, will see only the "new" branch of the chain, and any transactions that they issue will be seen only by the "new" network.  Miners who upgrade will automatically mine on the "new" branch and will not even see the old one.  Conversely, clients and miners who do not upgrade will see and manipulate only the "old" branch, and not notice the existence of the "new" branch.  
Clients could in fact run both versions of the software at the same time on the same computer, with no interference.  Likewise miners could switch between the two chains at will, or putting part of their power on each chain.  Exchanges could choose one of the two chains, but they will stand to profit more by handling both, as if they were two altcoins.
Then the market woudl decide how much each version is worth.  If both coins retain significant price, it means that there was demand for both.  
And that would be a way of handling the scalability problem...
@_date: 2015-07-05 12:02:33


Of course, since bitcoin would not be universally accepted and would be too risky to hold.  


Ot course not: they would do what they are doing now, keep the euros as cash.


Like in Cyprus... Who is going to be Greece's Daniel Brewster?
@_date: 2015-07-05 01:44:41
You need only look at what bitcoin miners are doing to see that altruism is not the rule when N players are competing for a strictly fixed resource (the block rewards).  You don't even have to look at what happens elsewhere in real life.


That is a concern.  
Looking at miners as a whole, the orphaning rate should be largely irrelevant.  Every miner still in business will keep his machines running at 100% capacity, and 144 block rewards will be given out to all miners each day.  That is, the total mining cost and the total revenue of all miners is independent of the orphaning rate.  At most, orphaning will cause a slight increase in their network load.
Oprphaning affects the distribution of the revenue among all miners, favoring those who have fastest internet connections and mine partial or empty blocks.  The block sizes will be limited by the transaction traffic, so as traffic slowly increases towards 1 MB and beyond, there should be plenty of time for the miners with slower connections to upgrade.
As for mining partial blocks, if *everybody* is mining blocks of the same size (all txs in the queue) then orphaning as a whole will not be any worse than it is now.  In that context, a rogue miner who mines a partial block will have a small edge in the race, but will collect fewer fees if he wins.  The fee must be such that it makes partial blocks less profitable than full ones.
@_date: 2015-07-05 14:25:27
*All* the money that the miners receive, including their profit, is "cost" from the point of view of the users.  Presently, indeed, the bitcoin network costs ~900'000 USD/day to operate.  
The average transaction size seems to be 400 bytes, so a full 1 MB block contains about 2500 transactions on average.   That would be ~2.50 USD/tx.
However, the traffic now is still only ~120'000 tx/day, which is ~1/3 of that maximum capacity.  Thus the mining cost is ~3 times that, around 7.50 USD/tx.
The costs can also be compared to the [total USD amount moved by those transactions]( which is about 50 million USD/day.  That would put the fees at 1.8 % of the transaction value, on average.
The situation is actually a lot worse, because most of that traffic is spam or other frivolous transactions, that would disappear if the transaction fee was high enough to be perceived -- say, 0.10 USD per transaction, or 0.5% of the value moved.  With such fees, the traffic would probably drop 
to 10-20% of its present value; so the costs per transaction would be 5-10 times higher than the estimates above.
These costs are not paid by the users, of course, but by the investors who buy bitcoins to hold.  Each day bitcoiners must find enough investors willing to pay ~900'000 USD for ~3600 BTC; and also to buy an unknown amount of BTC that the earlier investors are selling.  Those investors will want to get their money back at some time in the future.  This "moral debt" of the bitcoin system towards the bitcoin holders is somewhere between 400 million USD and 17 billion USD (it depends on when the current holders bought their bitcoins).
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:29:24
There is a huge "stress test" going on, with peak traffic rates 50-100 times the normal  traffic rate.  The testers had a 5000 euro budget for it.  The jamming was viable with that budget only because of the 1 MB limit and the ridiculously small minimum fee.  
@_date: 2015-07-20 22:08:05
Bitcoiners seem to view that quote as authorizing them to be arrogant to newbies: "if you don get it, you are stupid and don't deserve my help."
But maybe Satoshi was just too busy at the time?  
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:24:03
I don't think that he was actually socialist, but he did not seem to be libertarian or anarcho-capitalist either.  And he went hysterical when someone suggested that Wikileaks should adopt bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:44:18


Correction: the brouhaha was because they were over 51%, not because of "unconscionable activities".  It stopped as soon as GHash.io fell below 50%.  


They were a major part of GHash.io.  Do you know who the owners of GHash.io were/are?  Do you know who owns the other miners that left GHash.io?
If there is desperation here, it is from bitcoiners trying to deny the fact that mining is centralized in a few organizations, mostly Chinese.  True, I do not know who *actually* owns how much of the hashing power, and how fragmented its ownership is; but you don't know either.  We *do* know that some non-pool miners are very large (BitFury, KnC, 21.co,...), and that pools often include very large members (like GHash vs BitFury).
 Desperation is pointing at the *apparent* dissolution of GHash, which was motivated by the need to preserve the *public image* of decentralization, as "irrefutable evidence" that mining is in fact decentralized, and that individual miners will switch pools for ideological reasons.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:21:11


That shoudl have only a small effect on the cost of running a full node or a miner (unless the UTXO database is poorly implemented).  It basically requires more disk space (but less than what is required by the natural growth of the blockchain), and should make queries only a tiny bit more expensive. 
A significant mandatory minimum fee and minimum UTXO value, say 0.15 - 0.25 USD, would probably solve that problem too.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:26:12
I am against state censorship and internet blocking, pro wikileaks, against DRM and oppressive copyright, etc..  I could have written that myself.  But I am socialist, and I have little respect for the libertarian ideology...
Fact is, there is no evidence that Satoshi was libertarian...
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:29:11
I don't think BitPay does that.  Do you mean Coinbase and/or Circle perhaps?
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:46:03
F2Pool lost 2 blocks, worth ~15'000 USD, because their shortcut tripped on the BIP66 mushy sticky soft fork.  However, with 20% of the total hashpower, they mine almost 30 blocks every day, which mean ~200'000 USD/day.  
They already said that they will not stop using that optimization, sorry.  It is dog eats dog out there.  But they will reenable some checks that they had disabled some time ago, after having had a block orphaned because of them.
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:54:41
Higher minimum fees (0.05 or 0.10 USD/tx) would cut most of the spam, perhaps *too* much (90% of the traffic would probably disappear).  But they would have to be strictly enforced in the 'consensus rules' so that no 'generous' miner would be allowed to confirm cheaper ones.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:07:21
The smart money now is in sand buckets, for the bitcoiners to bury their heads in.
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:42:45


Bitcoin is not "managing billions of dollars in assets".  Bitcoins are not backed by any assets, they are certificates of property of intangible and inedible imaginary estates in a certain mathematical hyperspace. 
Overt the last 6½ years, a large number of people (500'000 perhaps) spent several billion dollars (maybe more) buying those certificates, sometimes at outrageous prices.  Part of that money was burned, as electricity and other costs, in solving the PoW puzzles.  Another part went to the miners' pockets.  A smaller part went to pay the fees of exchanges and other service companies. The rest went to the pockets of earlier investors who sold some or all of their former holdings. A few thousand of these were smart and/or lucky enough to make a profit, perhaps half a billion dollars altogether.  Others only recovered part of their money.   
The half a million guys who still hold some of those certificates are in the red for 1-2 billion dollars.  They hope to recover that investment some day, but the only way they can do that is by selling those certificates to other people -- who then will be in the same situation, only with an even larger "Bitcoin National Debt".


No, that 6-block reorg was not a fault of the miners.   Miners still validate the transactions that they include in the blocks that they solve.  The "hash stealing" optimization that they were (and are) doing (which is basically trusting that another pool validated the node that it mined) would have been pretty safe, if the devs had not made an egregious blunder when they programmed the BIP66 fork.  
One thing that *is* scary is several popular relay nodes "censoring" transactions that *they* have decided are "spam". 
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:42:20
You are supposed to downvote comments that are not useful to the discussion. (Are you the guy who was downvoting every comment of mine, even those that were helpful and positive?)
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:27:29
Search for "stress test" in this subreddit.  Coinwallet.eu posted a report after the previous attempt, and other information about the tests.  They claimed to have 5000 euros budgeted for it.
@_date: 2015-07-09 07:26:46
I watched the drama unfold on bitcointalk.  Do you remember otherwise?
@_date: 2015-07-25 00:33:45


I did not invent the name; that is what others were calling them.  
Since they are not going to be the same as the relay nodes of the bitcoin network, it seems prudent to use a different name, or at least call them "LN nodes".


Bitcoin's goals and nature are well known.  I think that it is you who owe the bitcoin community an explanation what the LN is supposed to be.
The LN papers and slides that I have seen only describe the innards fo the payment channels (PCHs). I am satisfied that they are correct, thank you.  What is missing is a description of how the LN would work from the point of view of the users: when will they create channels, how much bitcoins they will have to lock in them, for how long, etc.  
Please, not in the abstract "suppose Alice wants to open a PCH to Bob".  Something minimally concrete, like "Alice receives 5 BTC of rent in bitcoin every month, and intends to spend it at any of 50 merchants who accept bitcoin directly. Including at Papa Jack's pizzeria at the corner, that has about 50 customers who would like to pay with bitcoin."  With realistic numbers and timeouts please.
I have asked four or five times this quation, directly to Adam, Luke, Peter, and other "new core devs".   Invariably, the dialogue stops when it gets to that question.  I suspect that they don't know the answer either.  Do you?
@_date: 2015-07-14 19:29:39
How much of that article would Joe Bitplumber have to understand in order to pay for a pizza with bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-07-07 08:27:55
The Lizard Overlords pay more.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:22:05
Indeed (for the proper definition of "up").
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:26:04
Bitcoin is a computer science invention and experiment.  The blocksize limit issue is a technical question of computer science.  Well, it should be.
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:32:24
I would like to hear Adam reply to that.  Adam, does your plan for bitcoin include driving person-to-person traffic out of the bitcoin network, or not?
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:03:55


For one thing, a big block attack can be effectively prevented by imposing a **small** block size cap, like 1 MB.  A small size cap, on the other hand, makes a spam attack much cheaper; to reduce the risk of a spam attack, one should have a **large** block size limit.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:28:20


They run full nodes, for which they don't get any compensation; and they may be just defending their checkbooks.
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:53:41


Numbers, please.  By 0.0001%, or 0.001%?
The new devs cannot even guess a number, because they know that it would be too small to worry about.


Wait, there are now some 4-5 miners with ~20% of the hashrate each.  Do you mean that all of them will have an advantage against ... themselves?
If a miner has 20% of the hashpower, and starts mining at the same time as all the others, he will win the block race 20% of the time.  In most case, the news of his sucess will get to other miners before any other miner solves a competing block; then the other miners will abandon their efforts and start mining on top of his block.  A conflict only happens if two independent miners solve competing blocks almost at the same time, and each tries to post his solution before knowing about the other miner's success.  So the issue is only what happens in that rare circumstance.  Why woudl 2 MB blocks be worse than 1 MB blocks in that case, exactly?   


I believe that your version of the events is incorrect.  The version I gave above was given and confirmed by people who seemed to be more knowledgeable about what was going on than the core devs themselves.  The devs did not seem to be aware of the "hash stealing" practice, for one thing.  According to the version I have, the first invalid block of the 6-block branch was mined by BTCNuggets, then F2Pool mined an invalid empty block or two) on top of its hash, then AntPool mined another one on top of F2Pool's, and so on.
I also saw a message from F2Pool confirming that they (like every other smart miner) were doing hash-stealing AND were no longer doing the parent block validation that tthey used to do *in parallel with mining on top of stolen hashes*.  They promised to resume the parallel parent block validation, but would not give up on hash stealing because it would put them too much at a disadvantage.


You missed the point, so let me more explicit: the main cause of the accident was the **incompetence of the core devs**, not bad behavior of the miners.


It is sheer hypocysy to claim concern about the REMOTE risks of lifting the block size LIMIT to allow a GRADUAL increase in actual block size by 50%/year, with NO qualitative change to the system's behavior; while ignoring the CERTAIN and SEVERE consequences of saturation, that will be a RADICAL change in the system's behavior and will SUDDENLY hit in 6 months time.  
Let me be blunt, again: the "new core devs" are not the "good guys" in this war.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:55:36
The author shoudl read at least some of those "countless articles", and not just those on the internet.  He  totally ignores the voting systems that combine digtal recording and a paper ballot (VVPT), which are the state of the art, proven to work by use around the world for more than 15 years, etc.


Stage magicians do such tricks on (guess what) a carefully rigged stage that they control.  The author may not have ever seen a live paper ballot election and counting.  Yes, paper ballots can be rigged, but not by magician tricks: the risks are quite different.  But the author does not need to leanr that, of course, he is a genius and can improve elections whithout knowing a thing about them -- perhaps even without having voted once.


Obviously, the problem of voting coercion has not managed to reach the heights where the author's  intellect roams.   If he had bothered to read at least one page of any serious article on voting thechnoogy, the first thing that he would have learned is that voting cannot be done online, whether mobile or at home because of that problem -- and no clever computer technology can get around that.
The author should forget voting technology and put his skills into the development of robotic heart surgery techniques, or the design of nuclear-powered supersonic airliners.  At least the damage would be more limited.
@_date: 2015-07-05 12:48:55


F2Pool did not issue an intrinsically v3-invalid block; it just failed to notice that the parent was v3-invalid.


But they were not the only miners to be fooled, were they?  Didn't BitFury also mine a block on the 'bad' chain?
Once the 'bad' chain got longer, any v3 miner that received its end block would have used it to mine on.  Why not?
IIRC, F2Pool mined one or two empty blocks on top of BTCNuggets's block N.  AntPool then got block N+2 from F2Pool (again, how?) and started to mine N+3 on top of it.  So AntPool would have had to verify not only the parent N+2 that it was using for its block N+3, but also the parent and grandparent of that block...
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:10:10
Just wait, next year there will be calls to use kBTC as the unit. ;D
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:25:50
IIUC, F2Pool promised to re-enable the validation of the parent block in parallel with the mining.  But will not help if they succeed in mining the next block before the validation ends.
As I understand it, the pool typically steals the hash of the previous block X from another pool and immediately sets its members to mine an empty block Y on top of it.  Meanwhile it starts validating new transactions that it gets from the relay nodes, and periodically adds them to Y.  This work is important because the miner cannot trust the nodes; there may be invalid transactions or double spends, perhaps sent out on purpose, and including those would mean wasting all the work.  
In parallel, too, the miner should download the blocks found by other miners, including the parent block X, and validate them.  But it cannot start validating X until it gets the fulll block from some relay node.   By that time, Y may have been already mined and posted (and its has may hev been stolen by some other pool.) 
Moreover, 99.999% of the time, X will be valid, because the pool that mined it would not want its members to waste time mining on top of an invalid block.  So the work that could be saved by validating the parent blocks may not be worth the resources (CPU, disk, bandwidth) needed to do it.
@_date: 2015-07-08 11:23:36
Tip: On this subreddit, look for replies with the most negative votes.  They will usualy be the most sensible ones. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-11 11:15:20
Search for "Coinwallet" on this subreddit and sort by  "new"
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:13:29
Except the very first letter, that is slightly more important than the last one.
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:39:03


Sorry, I can't accept that... From the information that I have been able to extract, by forceps and trepans, LN is another network that will use BN, but is a lot bigger and more complicated than bitcoin.


The UI is a technical detail, it is not what I mean.  I mean: how many bitcoins will the typical client have to lock into the PCHs to the nodes, for how long, etc..  
Right now, to my best understanding, Alice will have to lock in a PCh to some LN node, upfront, her expected bitcoin expense for the next 2-3 months at least, and pay maybe 20 USD of BN transaction fee for that.  Then the LN node will have to borrow several thousand BTC from some bitcoin bank in order to open a PCh to Papa Jack's Pizza.  If Papa Jack wants to pt some of his revenue in his Trezor or a paper wallet, he has to close the PCh and then ask the LN node to reopen it, paying maybe 60 USD in BN fees.  And so on...
OK, so perhaps my understanding is all wrong.  Then **please provide the correct picture of what the LN is supposed to be**.  You must do that if you want the community to believe that the LN is real...
@_date: 2015-07-19 14:06:06
But at this point they should be in the same bucket: they are all in possession of the FBI and being auctioned by the USMS.  And, after Ross's sentencing, they should be legally equivalent.   Unless the sentencing had some bureucratic consequence that meant delaying the auction.  
Anyway, if the second batch is somehow "different", the expected interval should be 3 months, so the next auction would be overdue.
@_date: 2015-07-10 23:16:25


Please make an effort to see bitcoin as it looks "from the outside" -- by ordinary clients, not by developers.
99.9% of the users do not understand how mining works, much less how fees affect mining.  They do not want to understand, and they should not have to understand. 


I cannot believe that this is a honest objection.  It sounds like "we cannot hang fire extinguishers in the hallways because they could hamper evacuation in case of a fire.
The damage to bitcoin that would be caused by saturation or near saturation, natural or hostile, with the need for continuous monitoring and (pointless and frustrating) dynamic fee adjustments, with the risk of breaking of BitPay and other tools, would be infinitely greater than the hardship that could be caused to nodes by an increase in the block size LIMIT.  
Decentralization is already lost by concentration of mining in a handful of big companies, mostly Chinese.  The nodes cannot help with that; even because the miners or any other hostile entity that has enough resources to control mining can easily put up 10000 nodes (real or fake) and shut up most of the "good" ones with a DDoS attack.  
Raising the block size LIMIT to 8 MB will not cuse any increase in the actual traffic, not even that of "frivolous" transactions like tumbling or dice throwing.  I am assuming that the network load on the relay nodes must come from 
  (0) receiving transactions from clients,
  (1) validating and propagating transactions to other nodes,
  (2) serving the transactions to miners, 
  (3) serving transactions and queue data to clients, 
  (4) receiving, validating, and propagating blocks from miners to other nodes and miners,  and
  (5) serving blocks to full clients and other applications that need the blockchain.  
To do a proper analysis we would need to estimate the relative cost of these activities and how they scale with the network size and traffic volume parameters.  But anyway:
The block size LIMIT does not affect any of these costs. As long as the system is not under attack,  the traffic will continue growing naturally after the increase; the average block size will grow at the same pace, and therefore all the costs above will grow at the same pace.  
Apart from attacks, the only effect on nodes of increasing the block size would be felt only about a year from now (or much later, if the fees are increased).  
If the size remains at 1 MB, the network would then reach near saturation with frequent traffic jams.  The costs above would stop growing,  except cost (3) that will explode during traffic jams as clients will start checking the queues to compute the fees and follow progress of their transactions.  If fee adjustment tools are implemented, (3) will be even bigger, and (0-1) will be magnified too.  
With 8 MB limit, on the other hand, all costs will continue growing at the natural pace for another 2-3 years.
As for hostlle attacks, increasing the block size limit to 8 MB would affect two types:
(a) a malicious miner could start mining 8 MB nodes, filled with transitions that he created himself; or 
(b) a spam attack will generate 10-15 tx/s and thus cause all miners to produce ~8MB blocks.  
Attack (a) will affect only a fraction of the blocks, equal to the fraction F of the hashpower held by the miner; and it would increase costs (4-5) by a factor of ~10 x F only.  
Attack (b) will work by multiplying the traffic by some factor K, so it will initially increase all costs by that factor.  Once a backlog has been formed, the situation would be the same as that observed during a traffic jam caused by natural traffic growth.  Namely, cost (3) will explode, again, as clients keep inspecting the queues and possibly twiddling their fees in an attempt to breach the blockade.  These fee twiddling attempts will further magnify the cost items (0--2).  On the other hand, costs (4--5) will stop growing and remain constant during the attack and then until the backlog is cleared. 
With 1 MB blocks, attack (b) will be effective even with K = 1.5 .  With 8 MB blocks, the attack will be worthwhile only with K =  8 or more.  Since the cost to the attacker is roughly proportional to K, raising the block size limit will make (b) attacks much less likely.  
Suppose that the attacker has a certain budget to spend for fees, that is sufficient for an effective attack.  That budget roughly determines the spam factor K.  For any such K, if the limit is kept at 1 MB, the backlog will start earlier, will grow much faster to a MUCH larger size, and will take much longer to be cleared, than if the limit was raised to 8 MB.  Therefore, under a (b) attack with a specific budget, the node cost items (0--3) will be MUCH higher with 1 MB limit than with 8 MB limit; whereas items (4--5) will be only ~8 times higher with 8 MB limit than with 1 MB limit. 
In short, the claim that a 8 MB limit would be too demanding for the relay nodes does not hold water.  In the absence of attack, the load on them will be the same for another year or so, then it will be HIGHER with 1 MB blocks, because the traffic jams will increase costs (0--2) and especially (3).  Under an attack of type (a) the load on each node will be slightly higher with 8 MB than with 1 MB.  Under an attach of type (b), the node load would be much higher with 1 MB blocks than with 8 MB blocks.  Overall, raisin the limit to 8 MB will be the best option *even for the relay nodes*.
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:20:20
You mean that GHash.io just sat and watched their business shrivel?
Did you know about GHash and Bitfury, by the way? And who the owner of BitFury was?
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:44:32
Well, if I had been in his place, I would have made it inflation-free too, believing that it would be a big plus.  After all, "everybody" knows that inflation is bad, right? 
@_date: 2015-07-20 04:59:43
They aren't using *your* bitcoin.  They will say that it is *you* who isn't using the real one.  ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-03 19:35:30
Except that bitcoin is not "based on math".  The bitcoin network consists of people who choose to run certain programs in their computers, and you must trust that they will always want to get the cheese that is in front of them, without any complicated strategy or conspiracy.  The programs are written by people, and you must trust that the programmer was honest and that someone else has checked the code and did not miss any subtle bugs.
@_date: 2015-07-13 14:06:07
But waiting for the required number of confirmations should be faster with LTC too, no?
(Funny that I am being downvoted just for mentioning someone else's alleged use of LTC for trading BTC... Do guys want to understand what is going on, or not?)
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:30:21


Not indeed.  


It does not matter whether the investors expect to cash their profit in 1 year or 30, all at once or little by little.  Eventually, every investor will sell or spend his coins (otherwise they would be useless).  Other investors will have to give him the money (or goods and services) in exchange of his coins; and these investors will always have to pour increasing amounts of money each day, in order to sustain the price increase that those investors are expecting. 
How can you tell what other investors think of the future of bitcoin?  The current blocksize issue is a war between two views of bitcoin's future, both based on the realization that its usage cannot grow as fast as originally expected.  No matter which side wins the war, the assumption that bitcoin will one day "replace VISA" seem greatly shaken...
@_date: 2015-07-12 21:13:39


You are switching between bribes (+) that clients would pay to jump the queue, and rebates (-) that miners would give to clients to encourage more traffic and hence more fees.  Please keep them separate.
Bribes, as I said, may occur only while there is a traffic jam (backlog).  Even then they will be rare and not very effective.  The remedy for them is obvious: DO NOT LET THE NETWORK GET NEAR SATURATION.
Rebates may occur only when the traffic is well below saturation.  Since the txs of those special clients pay less, the miners will give priority to ordinary clients who pay full fee, and serve the lower-fee clients only if there is free space on their blocks.  Therefore, for the clients (the players who matter -- it is for them, only for them, remember, that bitcoin exists) those rebates will make no difference.  Just like the standing line in air travel, or the end-of-season sale in stores.  
For the miners, if they find those cheap clients profitable, it is their problem.
What about nodes? We already know that 0.5 mBTC/kB (~6 US cents/tx) is hardly sufficient to induce the miners to fill their blocks.  So the price with rebate will be higher than that.  So frivolous traffic will be discouraged anyway.  And not every frivolous client will be able or willing to negotiate a rebate with the miners. So, with a fixed high fee, there will always be less traffic, and THE NODES WILL HAVE A REDUCED LOAD, than with a free fee.  
But I don't see why I should be doing your homework.  It is the small-blockians who must PROVE that 1 MB max is better than 8 MB max, by running simulations under realistic loads and client models -- if they want to convince people that a clogged drain is better than a bigger drain.  It is the small-blockians, not the big-blockians, who are proposing a radical change in the bitcoin network and user interaction model.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 01:10:49
[“I guarantee there will be another  price bubble...”](
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:15:27


Neither can I, nor anyone else it seems.  That is one of the problems that will need another ingenious invention to solve...
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:54:35
I din't know how much it costs to print a 10$ bill.  But let's say that it costs 10$.  If it is used in 1000 transactions during its lifetime, that is 0.01 $ per transaction, or 0.1% of the total transaction volume.
@_date: 2015-07-05 12:40:07


The point is that your effort would be in vain even within the minority chain, because the cartel would put some ot their power to the task of sabotaging it.  Thus the minority branch would not just be minority, but totally non-functioning.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:11:40
There is more; just search "stress test" on this subreddit.
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:30:04
Since you asked...


In what sense?  Several exchanges closed in the last year. 


Various reports and data indicate that miners now have relatively small profit margins, after 18 months of declining prices.  It is not at all crear what will happen at he next halving and/or if the price dropped even further.


Bitcoin is indeed better off without the Foundation than with it.  However, the fact that the *only* foundation was in such a miserable state and collapsed is not a positive sign.


The normal [traffic through the network]( is only 120'000 tx/day on average.  It was 60'000 tx/day a year ago, and has grown almost linearly by 5000 tx/day each month since then.
The traffic recently was [between 175'000 and 210'000 tx/day for six days]( when a "stress test" by some entity called "coinwallet.eu" created a backlog of 64'000 unconfirmed transactions that [took 6 days to clear]( because of the 1 MB limit and ridiculously low fees.
That 120'000 tx/day traffic includes a lot of "spurious" uses of the blockchain -- transactions that are not payments for goods and services, or related to such payments, and have very little value to their clients.  Most of that spurious traffic would surely disappear if the minimum transaction fee was set to some significant value, like 0.10 USD or so, that would not harm its use for payments.
Indeed, comparing that chart with [the estimated USD transaction volume per day]( strongly suggests that the doubling of the traffic over the last year was entirely due to an increase in the "spurious" transactions.


Voume in most exchanges has dropped dramatically over the last year.  
Most trade volume in the exchanges is due to "robots" (automatic scripts) that buy and sell the same coins hundreds of times per day.  Most actual payments with bitcoin (whether directly or through BitPay) require at least one blockchain transaction, so that usage is bounded by the "[Estimated USD transaction volume]( chart above, which has been stuck at ~50 million dollars per day since early 2014.  That would be 1.5 billion USD/month, not 30 billion.
In fact, comparing that chart with the data released by BitPay a few months ago, it would seem that those 50 M$/day must include many transactions between addresses that belong to the same person (e.g. hotwallet/coldwallet flow, wallet housekeeping, tumbling, etc.) 
@_date: 2015-07-20 16:03:14
Off-chain transactions are not bitcoin transactions. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:46:36
And clients have nothing better to do than stay on-line for hours, re-issuing their transactions with higher fees.
No matter what fees they pay, the average wait time will not be affected.  Every time someone jumps the queue to get a place on the next block, someone else who was about to get into the next block will be pushed out of it.
Can't people really see how absurd the "fee market" idea is?
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:11:18


Yes, that was the idea: use some bits generated during the verification that cannot be computed from the signature with significanly less work than verifying it.
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:18:07
I don't understand how the filtering works, but I presume that the result of that query depends on where you get the information from. That is what I inferred from [this message](
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:17:02
Why is this beng downvoted?  It *is* a bug in the plot, isn't it?
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:53:28
Blockchain.Info shows only 130'000 tx/day (and the last data point of their charts is notoriously buggy and changes after the day is over).
[That graph]( shows a doubling of the number of transactions over the last 12 months, of which there is no sign at all in [this graph](  
Either the average USD value of a transaction has dropped in half in the last 12 months, or the 60'000 additional transactions that were gained per day are all tiny.  Maybe they are spam, or some service that uses tiny amounts of bitcoin only for token purposes, or a fine-grinding tumbling service...
Or someone is intentionally shilling -- issuing increasing amounts of tiny transactions in order to give the impression that bitcoin adoption is rising (while every other minimally reliable evidence says that it isn't).  
More urgent than increasing the block size would be t change the 'consensus' rules to require a minimum non-trivial fee, say 0.05 USD per input or output, that the miners cannot waive.  I bet that the number of transaction would drop to less than 10'000 tx/day...
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:29:37


Anthem denied that they bought Amagi, but confirmed that they bought software and hardware from them.


There is a much simpler explanation, of course.
@_date: 2015-08-15 02:25:11


Are you systematically downvoting my comments? OK, then let me put it in a particularly nasty way, so that you have a legitimate excuse for doing so. 
One curious trait of Libertarians and "Anarcho-capitalists", that seems necessary for them to believe in the respective ideologies, is a marked deficit of "social intelligence" -- the ability to imagine oneself in the place of others, predict how others would *really* react to changing contexts and one's own actions, accept that the other can think just like one thinks, and understand that what one could do to others, the others could do to oneself.  
It is that trait that makes them oppose gun controls, for example: "Robbers have handguns; if I had a machine gun, I could defend myself from them; therefore I should be able to buy a machine gun through the internet."  
Or: "Sometimes I lose money because my customers reverse their payments; therefore a good payment system should not allow reversals."
Or: "If a mining cartel with majority power tried to force a change in the protocol, the minority miners would simply ignore the blocks mined by the cartel and continue mining the original branch of the chain." 
Or: "Replace-by-fee would allow me to jump over other transactions in the queue and get my transaction confirmed in the next block.  Therefore I want replace-by-fee."
Or: "If the spam attacker who wants to keep my transactions off the next block is paying X of fee, I will re-issue my transaction with fee X plus 1 %"
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:14:58
Currently everybody who is running BitcoinCore or BitconXT is using the same ruleset, so there is consensus among all those players. 
If the XT size limit increase gets activated, after that moment there will be two sets of players, one subscribing to the XT rules and one subscribing to the Core rules.  Then there will be no consensus overall, but there will be consensus within each group.  Objectively, neither will be more legitimate than the other.
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:26:59
You will be entitled to say "it is happening" once those ventures start making a profit.  
@_date: 2015-08-05 12:52:58
Well, then the issue is a disagreement of what "orphan" means.  
I assumed (and Gavin too, it seems) that it does not depend on whether the block is published or not.  That is, if N blocks with the same height get solved -- no matter how, when, or by whom -- eventually only one of them will survive in "the" blockchain (and earn a reward to its finder), while the other N-1 will be orphans (and earn no reward), by definition.
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:34:41
Then why is [this site]( showing 60'000 tx in the mempool?
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:14:49


Yes, that *was* the intent.  Satoshi did not have any way of knowing how much a bitcoin would be worth in the year 2008 + N, when he picked the reward schedule parameters.  
I wonder if he had any hunches.  The fee schedule would make sense if he was expecting the price to double every 4 years.  The earliest price I have is 0.05 $/Ƀ in 2010-07-17; it had already doubled to 0.10 $/Ƀ three months later, on 2010-10-15, about the date when Satoshi was abducted.   If the price had never risen above 0.10 $/Ƀ, there would not be a mining industry, perhaps not even on GPUs.
But by the time the price hit 100 USD in 2013, mining bitcoin had already became more profitable than mining gold.  Right now, as you know, the bitcoin mining industry has a revenue of abut 1 million USD/day.  That money does not come from thin air.  There is one one place it can come from, and it is the new investors --- the people who are buying bitcoins to increase their holdings.  
It is the real dollars from those people that are sustaining the miners, and the 400 PH/s that are supposed to be the network's big advantage over other altcoins and centrlized databases.  The value of the system *to its users* would obviously be diminished if that mining industry were to disappear, and be replaced by a few computer nerds with laptops.  So, if that million dollars per day is money that someone is paying and will never get back, and if it is paying for something that benefits the users of the network (and only them) -- why shouldn't be counted as the cost of the network?  


You can't make up "facts" like that.  Thousands of legitimate transactions got delayed by hours, even by days.  Behind each transaction there was a client.  Chances are that 90% of them did not even know that a "stress test" was going on, much less how the fees affect mining.  How can you claim that they were all happy "that the fee market worked"?  How can you be sure that no one gave up on bitcoin after that experience?
And it is totally false that "the fee market worked as intended", because there was no "fee market".  The backlog was huge (250 MB) and took a week to clear, but it was almost all created by an entity that had no other goal than creating a 250 MB backlog.  Thus most of the "test" transactions had the default fee.  Clients who knew what was going on and paid anything above that fee got through as if the backlog was not there.  So the transactions that were delayed for a week were mostly those of the test itself, plus an unknown number of legitimate transactions by non-expert clients.  
A backlog *of normal traffic* would not be anything like that.  If a backlog of 30'000 legitimate transactions builds up, it will take some 8 hours to clear, and *10'000 clients will have to wait 4 hours or more for their first confirmation, with "fee market" or without it*.  Can you understand this?


Can't you really see how your views are based on wishes, more than facts?
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:09:22
Sure, even an eventual splitting of the coin or a 51% double-spending attack would be "bitcoin working as intended".  
@_date: 2015-08-09 22:39:14
Since I started contributing to Wikipedia, some 10 years ago, I was puzzled by their use of "consensus" in a totally bizarre sense, that was not at all the common meaning of the word.
Only now I realized that it is a Libertarian thing (Jim Wales dscribed himself as a moderate one, IIRC).  Namely, "consensus" in Libertarian ideology is the "good" alternative for inherently rotten "democracy".  It is the code word for "decision by the enlightened elite who has the power (and has the right to have power for being enlightened)".
So that is what "consensus" means for bitcoin too, and why the definition of the protocol has been called "consensus rules".  It is not "the rules that all players agree to abide to", but rather "the rules that the ruling clique has agreed upon"...
@_date: 2015-08-11 01:39:15
ASICS are vastly more powerful than CPUs or GPUs for computing SHA hashes, but cannot do anything else.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 13:18:07
It is a nice port, right? 
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:59:32
Exactly.  So why is OP using GHash.io as an example of "community pressure works"? 
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:11:23
Actually they figured out that it is the most profitable strategy, in spite of the risk of blunders like this one.  In fact, I am told that they steal the hash of the most recent block from the pool that mined it, even before that block gets out to the relay nodes.  Thus they don't  even have the header of that block, much less its contents.  This strategy earns them precious seconds in the race to mine the next block, and pays off in the long run; so they already announced that they will not give up on it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 05:08:18
It started at 07:00 UTC, according to [statoshi.org](
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:16:01


IIUC, that was not the case: the 'bad' branch grew to 6 blocks or more because it was growing faster than the 'good' branch.  It was not an intentional fork; the miners that were working on that chain just did not notice that it included an invalid block.  IIUC, that branch died because the core devs (or some other bitcoiner who was watching the BIP66 roll-in) contacted the major pools involved and alerted them of the problem.
@_date: 2015-07-14 06:56:17
In the same way that the max block size limit gets defined.
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:06:18


Uh?  The soft fork has shown only that the payment system is shaky.  That 6-confirmed transactions have a probability of about 1 in 100'000 of becoming unconfirmed.  That bug fixes may cause bugs themselves.  And more...
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:54:05
Just for posting facts?
@_date: 2015-07-30 17:09:02
Note that I wrote "to **start** mining".  That is what they all do, apparently: if they did not mine the parent themselves, they first fetch its header (or steal its hash) and start mining an empty block.  Then, in parallel, they fetch the body of the parent block, update their UTXO database, validate trnsactions from teh queue and add them to the block as they keep mining it.  If they solve the puzzle before that, then they post the empty block and move on to the next.
So, if a miner issues an oversize block, it will not significantly delay the other miners; at worst, it will only increase the chance of them mining an empty block.  Then they will lose 0.1 BTC in fees perhaps, but still earn the 25 BTC of block reward.  On the other hand, the miner who artificially bloated his block will run increased risk of the block being orphaned, and will not earn any extra fees (since they will be paid by himself).
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:17:23


Not sure about what you mean.  If somehow you conclude that the transaction is almost certain to get into the next block (which you can conclude only if the fee is very high, and/or the effective block size is large enough for a couple of hours of the current traffic level) then you should tell the user that the expected time for confirmation is ~10 minutes, no matter how long ago the previous block was found.   In some footnote you may tell him that it is "expected" in the probabilistic sense of average over may trials, and that there is a 5% probability that it may in fact take 30 minutes or more, 2% that it may take 40% or more, etc. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 23:10:45
Bitcoin was designed and implement with a well-defined goal: to allow person-to-person payments through the internet without the need for a trusted intermediary or central authority.  
I read the quote above as saying "banks provide privacy by keeping the ledger secret; bitcoin has a public ledger, but still provides prvacy because the accounts are anonymous".  I cannot read in that passage any hint that bitcoin was meant to ensure *more* privacy than what banks provide.  And he could not have meant to say that, because bitcoin cannot ensure that.  Any dedicated hacker-detective could easily trace the simple transaction patterns that Satoshi was thinking of. The governments of the US and other tech-savy countries  could easily see through CoinJoin and tumblers, if they cared to.  If he had intended bitcoin to be safe from government spying, the protocol would have had to include more complicated cryto techniques, which may not even exist.
CoinJoin, tumbling, dice throwing, and many other non-payment uses of bitcoin exist only because of the illusion that bitcoin transactions are free.  As the network approaches congestion, they are contributing to the delays experienced by payment transactions.  If traffic must be curtailed to avoid jams, those non-payment uses should go first.
So, if Luke's proposed filter gets implemented and gets rid of CoinJoin and tumbling, I will not see it as a loss. 
However I don't think that his filter will be effective for its stated goal (fighting spam attacks).  I would rather fight those attacks by increasing the block size limit to 8 MB AND increasing the transaction fees to (say) 0.05 USD/tx, so that an attack like this one becomes over 100 times more expensive. 
The actual cost of the bitcoin network is ~1 million USD/day, which would be ~8 USD per transaction.  This cost is now  paid almost entirely by investors who buy the mined coins to hold, hence the illusion that bitcoin transactions are (nearly) free.  But a 100% subsidized "business" is not healthy.  Raising the fees to a flat 0.05 USD/tx would be a timid first step towards fixing the economy of bitcoin, by making the users pay at least a tiny bit of the cost of the service that they use.  
But, if this "high" fee will inviabilize CoinJoin, tumbling, dice throwing, etc., then, again, I will not see it as a loss
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:56:17
IIRC, that drama (leaked emails and all) happened during a couple of days after the dispute went public.  Is "now" really "now", or "last news we had, months ago"?
@_date: 2015-07-31 01:30:04
I heard that Schroedinger was indicted as having arranged the felicide.
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:12:39
Who is "they" and who is "him"?
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:59:11
That is what I meant.  With bigger blocks, the full nodes will require more internet bandwidth and more CPU load, which the people running them have to pay from their own pockets.
@_date: 2015-07-26 07:52:51
With a 10, maybe 30, sometimes 50 minute confirmation time, and the occasional 6-bock hiccups, it is kinda unlikely that the blockchain will be used for real-time who-owns-what queries, don't you think so? 
@_date: 2015-07-19 14:48:41
And the Bounty being in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-11 01:26:25


An attacker with enough resources will alway be able to delay transactions for as long as he wants, by flooding the system with transactions with appropriate fees, at a rate that exceeds the network's capacity.  There is no way to distinguish legitimate transactions from the spammer's ones, because the UTXOs of the latter can be prepared in advance, at a slower rate, and then spent all during the attack.  
All that can be done about this risk is to make spam attacks more expensive.   One way is to increase the block size.  Roughly, with 8 MB blocks the attacker has to spend 8 times as much to get the same effect (in terms of delaying legitimate traffic).  The other way is to ensure that all legitimate transactions pay a fee as large as possible.  
Letting clients raise the fees when the attack starts will not work, for several reasons -- including the fact that the attacker will be watching closely and raising his fees too.  It is better to impose from the outset a fixed fee, say 0.2 mBTC per output, on all transactions, in the 'consensus rules'.  That will make the attack expensive from the outset, and will prevent a complete blockade.
A larger fixed fee will also make it more advantageous for the miners to process all unconfirmed transactions that they can, instead of mining empty or short blocks while there are transactions in the queue.
@_date: 2015-07-21 15:13:14
Trying to rise to the level.
@_date: 2015-07-25 00:48:49


The 21 million cap, as I wrote, has fairly strong (if disappointingly pedestrian) technical justification.  But one could achieve the effect of constant inflation rate in bitcoin by including a negative interest rate (demurrage) in the protocol.  Namely, every unspent output loses value with time at a constant relative rate, say 10 percent per year, compounded continuously.  So, if you received a 100 BTC payment a year ago, you can only send 90 BTC from it to some other address.  The other 10 BTC would be eaten by the system, so that the block reward could remain fixed at (say) 25 BTC/block forever, without ever exceeding the 21 million BTC cap.
But [Hell will thaw]( before the bitcoin community agrees to such a change...
@_date: 2015-07-12 11:44:27
What kind of reporter is that who does not even read (Hint: search for "coinwallet" and sort by "new".)
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:32:14
As long as you can only deposit and withdraw bitcoins, the forex trades in BitReseve are all virtual, right?  It is just a gambling game, that effectively only moves bitcoins from the dumber/unluckier customers to the smarter/luckier customers.
@_date: 2015-07-28 20:17:50
Or [mine](  Oh well... "great minds think alike". 8D
@_date: 2015-07-05 10:36:55


Not in that regard.  One cannot evolve MS-DOS to Linux by patches.  If a fundamental design choice must be changed, it is usually better to rewrite everything from scratch than patch all the code that depends on that choice.
Moreover, calls for reform of a software product are usually resisted by the current users and developers until some competitor manages to grab a large share of the market thanks to some superior feature.  By that time, it is usually too late to incorporate that feature, even when it is technically possible.


Why would the designers of the "bitcoin killer" currency give all its tokens to the bitcoin holders?  What would they stand to gain?  Why would that be good for their project?


Making a better altcoin into a bitcoin sidechain would be good for bitcoin but bad for the altcoin.  
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:57:30


Oh, thanks, great!  So that will be in the Core source in a month or two, right?  Should I post a thread, "Adam Back wants a hard fork to increase of the block size limit to 2 MB by the end of 2015"?
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:03:48
I am a computer scientist.  Bitcoin was an ingenious (partial) solution to an old computer science problem, and a remarkable experiment to test that solution.  Unfortunately it has been hijacked for other purposes by libertarians, drug dealers, tax evaders, scammers -- and by snake oil salesmen, who have turned it into a huge (and rather stupid) pyramid investment scheme.  I could love it, if it somehow could free itself of those plagues and become again just an interesting computer science experiment. 
@_date: 2015-07-24 21:46:58
Option A is possible with price below 1 $/BTC.  
Option B should use another network built for the purpose.
The Lightning Network is not fully designed yet.  From what is designed, it will use bitcoin but will not provide any of the essential features of bitcoin.  And it may not be cheap. 
@_date: 2015-07-03 12:04:20
Well, we knew that KnC and some other miners spent some of their mined output via BitPay and BitPay sold them on the exchanges.  So KnC must still be doing that , then...
The net result is the same either way:  the investors who are buying COINXBT shares hopefully are "new" money that would not come into the bitcoin system without that option.  If the people buying COINXBT shares are the same bitcoiners who were investing in naked BTC, however, it would not help...
Also, whether people buy "naked" BTC or fund shares, 900 k$/day of that money is going to the miners, and will not come back to the system.  So, the only way that today's investors will get back their money "tomorrow" is if tomorrow's investors pay the mining costs of tomorrow ***and also*** buy the BTC or shares of today's  investors.   
@_date: 2015-07-26 00:03:07
That is *another* notion that was invented to plug those same brain pipes.  ;-)
I would be surprised if more than 1% of the people who  buy, hold, use, and trade bitcoins understands what a 51% attack is, would be aware that a 51% atatck is underway, and would care about it.  
Those 1% who understand will not want to tell them, because the price of bitcoin rests entirely on the image that those 99% have of it, whether correct or incorrect.  On the contrary, the bitcoin pundits will find arguments to claim that the attack is not an attack and bitcoin is still working perfectly.  Like they are doing now, dismissing the fact that the top 4 Chinese pools have 57% of the hashrate with talks of "economic majority" and "miner's self interest",  or downplaying the limited bandwidth problem by noises about the "fee market", etc.. 
@_date: 2015-07-06 11:39:58
When they start they don't have the block contents available for verification, not even its header.  As just [explained]( the big pools steal the hash of the previous block from each other, by watching the messages that the other pools send to their members -- even before the mined block gets sent to the relay nodes.
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:51:47
It will not stabilize while its price is determined almost entirely by speculative investment and trading - people buying in the hope of selling at a higher price, minutes or decades later. 
Since those expectations of the investors and traders are not grounded on any concrete data, any rumor or factlet can change them, and make the traders buy or sell en masse.  Plus there is a herd effect: a large unexpected buy or sell induces many other traders to do the same, just in case the first trader got some news that they haven't.
@_date: 2015-07-09 23:20:23
Flawed indeed.  I cannot make sense of "Austrian economics", of the libertarian definition of "free market", of the anarchist's belief that there will be no crime if everybody has an assault rifle under the pillow...
@_date: 2015-07-18 22:26:17


MtGOX customers lost 600'000 bitcoins that they thought they had.  So that fraud alone was about 5% of the total bitcoins in existence at the time.


AFAIK the Japanese police is still investigating it, with the help of some Japanese IT companies, at the request of the bankruptcy trustee. 
The police may have records of the actual withdrawals and some identification of account holders, so I would think that they stand a better chance to crack the case than the "internet detectives".  However,  the only information that they have let out so far was that the database that they got from MtGOX servers had been doctored and/or was incomplete. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 01:42:23
"The next bubble" just peaked on July 12.  
Maybe you should ask [this guy](
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:44:43


I am not referring of merge mining, just ordinary mining.  
If a cartel has 60% of the total hashpower, no matter how the other miners split and group to mine other branches, the cartel can split his power so that it still has 60% of the total power that is mining any given branch.
@_date: 2017-04-30 21:22:06


The assumption was that the funding was $15 by Alice, $0 by Bob.  But that is not very important.  The point is that a rise in the min fee may cause previosuly valid settlement transactions to become unconfirmable.  In that case, the part who needs to close the channel first may have to pay the extra fee plus the CPFP fee -- irrespective of what the parties expected to pay when they made the payment.
In the example, the min miners fee was $0.5 when Alice sent  her $10 LN payment to Bob, as a settlement transaction that paid $10 to Bob with $1 of miner fee (just to be safe).  
But, weeks later (and no activity in that channel), the miners fee rises to $3.   Bob can't wait for it to come down again, if it ever will.  


OK, so the fees are not automatically paid by the wallet -- the user must approve.  
In particular, in the example above, if Bob asks Alice to re-send her LN payment with a $3 fee instead of a $1 fee,  Alice will get to say whether she agrees or not.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:35:22


That's a big bucket of sand you got your head in, mister...


This seems typical "modus operandi" of the "new devs": (1) see a problem (2) think of a possible solution (3) make the problem worse so that the solution is needed (4) implement the solution (5) assume that it will work.  Problem solved.
@_date: 2015-07-20 15:54:02
Zimbabwe has 15 million full-time "users".
Bitcoin has less than 0.5 million users, even with a generous definition of "user". 
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:35:49
It may be due to the alert about the BIP66 fork and the long branch reorganization earlier today.
@_date: 2015-07-30 19:55:25


Yes, the "centrally planned fee structure" (if you want to call it that way) is necessary for other reasons -- starting with the premise that the network must not be allowed to get near congestion, in which case there will not be a "fee market" that can set the fees otherwise. 
Note that the block reward is already "centrally planned", and in fact fixed in the 'consensus' part of the protocol.  Having the (much smaller) transaction fees also fixed in the same way should not be any worse, philosophically speaking.  
On the other hand, having the supply of block space limited by the protokol, below the demand -- *that* would be very typical of a centrally planned economy... ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:24:16
You typed "6 MB" instead of "6 GB".  Or was it meant to be "6 kB"?
@_date: 2015-07-30 20:15:27
The Chinese bitcoin community seems to be largely day traders who keep their coins in the exchanges.  They will not be much affected by the block size issue, except when withdrawing or depositing bitcoins to/from their long-term holdings.  
The operators of the largest exchanges are also owners of the largest mining pools, and they have already stated their opinion (OK with 8 MB blocks, but they will not switch to XT for that.)
AFAIK there are no payment processors, investment funds, bitcoin-accepting merchants, or dark web bitcoin commerce in China -- not to a significant extent.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:31:52
I wish that there was some restaurant in the world that had that wonderful policy (must be an Austrian restaurant, I suppose), and that you had to eat there all your meals...


Careful there!  If you don't turn off your brain immediately, you may conclude next that society has the right to decide how much money that person should have... ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:35:50
Whereas requiring all clients to move to the LN is a trivial matter.
Whereas requiring every client to understand and engage in "fee auctioning" is a trivial matter.
Whereas having (say) 10% of the transactions delayed by (say) 2 hours, every day, is a trivial matter.
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:28:33


Coin age is a property that can be trivially lost, e.g. if one makes a small payment out of an old UTXO, the return change becomes new coins.  Therefore, while it would give low priority to simple spam attacks, a criterion based on coin age would also penalize non-spam transactions that happen to use recently received coins.  
Most clients are not aware that coin age is relevant, and will not be able to control it. (It violates fungibility, by the way.  And it smells of cronyism - favoring early investors over new ones.)
On the other hand, a spammer could prepare a large arsenal of small UTXOS in advance, wait for them to get old enough, and then spend them all at the same time.  It seems impossible to distinguish legitimate traffic from spam prepared well in advance.
A better way would be to enforce in the consensus rules a minimum fee and a minimum output size, large enough to discourage spamming, but still small enough to allow non-frivolous uses of bitcoin.  Like 0.1 mBTC (currently ~2.7 US cents) fee for each input or output, and 1 mBTC (currently ~0.27 USD) minimum in each output.
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:44:36
I haven't got any news about him since he ran away to parts unknown and sent his last message.  
At some point, the Cypriot police issued an arrest warrant for him, but I don't know whether it was passed on to the Interpol, or dismissed.
Before going to Cyprus, Daniel had, erm, finacially disappointed some people in the UK, with a music festival that he was supposed to organize but never happened.  To excuse himself, claimed to have sold the project someone else.  This someone may be a young Lithuanian called Romualdas Antonovicius, who had emigrated to England a few years earlier, was jobless for a while, and lived in the same general area where Daniel played.   This Romualdas guy unfortunately disappeared from the net after that music event.  If you can find him, perhaps he could give clues about Daniel's possible whereabouts...
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:46:19
Depends on what you suspect that they are doing.  
The two attacks outlined above would be totally obvious; the first one would be announced by them.  Subtler attacks may be harder to detect.  
In general, a "51% attack" may be suspected when some miners seem to act against their immediate interests, e.g. ignoring certain transactions even though they are offering large fees, and/or orphaning blocks found by other miners instead of mining on top of them.   
However, there is no mechanism in the protocol to block or boycott a a set of miners who have a majority of the hashpower.  On the contrary, any such mechanism would require some authority that would tell clients to ignore the longest branch of the blockchain and instead use some specific shorter branch; and bitcioin, by definition, cannot depend on such authority.
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:26:04
And I am being stalked by someone who thinks that he can change facts by denying them.
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:20:41
Seriously, your knowledge of probability and/or of how bitcoin mining works is just wrong.  
The average time between blocks is 10 minutes.  The probability that a new block will be found in the next minute is about 10%, no matter how long ago the last block was found.  The expected time to the next block is also 10 minutes, no matter how long ago etc..  That may seem illogical but it is the truth.
Sure, those numbers are not exact because the hashpower varies all the time while the difficulty is adjusted only once every 2 weeks or so, and there is some small delay after a block is posted while the miners set up the next block.  But they don't significantly change the statements above.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:17:02
It all depends on the min fee and on the marginal probability of losing a block.
I woudl really like to see a decent quatitatie analysis of those alleged costs of bigger blocks.  
Words don prove anything. "Airlines will refuse to carry male passengers, because men tend to be heavier than women, and, the heaver the load, the more likely are the wings to come off."
@_date: 2015-07-29 07:17:16
Yep. There is no defense against this type of "attack" that I know of.  All one can do is make it more expensive, thus less likely; and make sure that the backlog is quickly cleared once the attack stops.   
Raising the block size to 8MB would help in both points.  By the same math above, the current 25 MB backlog would clear in less than 50 minutes (5 blocks), instead of 11 hours (66 blocks).
Another thing that would help is to establish a minimum transaction fee of (say) 0.5 mBTC (~0.15 USD) per output -- in the protocol, so that miners cannot undercut it.  That would not hamper legitimate usage (it would be only 1% of a 15 USD payment) but would discourage frivolous low-value use (thus reducing N) and make spam attacks even more expensive.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:31:56
I followed the link, but did not see anything relevant. 
Sidechains and LN are not equivalent to raising the block  size limit.  Even because they do not yet solve the problem that would be solved by 8 MB limit, and create infinitely worse problems than those that 8 MB blocks are claimed (without any proof) to bring about.
Pretending that a trivial maintenance hard fork would be riskier than allowing the network to saturate and imposing a radical change in the client interface is blatant dishonesty.  And I have this bizarre visceral dislike of dishonest people...
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:29:00
How will they "vote", exactly?  
@_date: 2015-08-21 06:14:33
To be clear, in the first quote the receiver can close the channel at anytime,  then he collects all the payments sent through the channel up to that moment, and the balance of the locked-up amount returns to the sender.
In the second quote, the receiver loses all the payments that the sender sent through that chanel, but all the coins that were initially locked up will return to the sender (not "lost").
@_date: 2015-08-04 03:38:59
I have an idea of what is the purpose, but if I were to write it here, I would just be called a troll and downvoted to hell.  You should ask the autors...
@_date: 2015-08-04 03:15:15
A sidechain *could* have a blockchain that can be merge-mined with bitcoin, but there is no requirement that it does so.  It could use a central database, a totally different confirmation mechanism, anything.  That is what I understood from the whitepaper.  
@_date: 2015-07-10 05:01:48
Facebook shareholders hope to get dividends, that is what makes the shares worth buying.  Bitcoins don't pay dividends; the only hope for investors to get back their money is to sell them to other investors, for a higher price.  
That is the essence of a pyramid scheme: the profit of earlier investors comes only from the investment of the new investors, instead of sales of products and services by the company.
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:52:23


This is very much contrary to what I know... Brock Pierce and Bruce Fenton are officially the top guys there, but the real power (if there is one) must be with any big donors who still support it.
AFAIK, Gavin has no significant role or influence in the BF. However, IIRC Gavin was one of the founding members of the BF, with Charlie Shrem and Mark Karpelès, and still seems to be proud of the title "Chief Scientist of the BF".  Because of that, I cannot have much respect for him, even though I believe he is the "good side" in the block size question.
@_date: 2015-07-08 22:46:28
But if bitcoin is not going to be widely used for payments, where will its value going to come from?  (There are many things that are scarce, unforgeable, but worthless...)
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:54:09
The cost of the mining network now is 1 million USD/day, which would be ~8 USD/tx (for 120'000 tx/day) or 2% of the total transaction output minus return change (now 50 million USD/day).  If the network is to retain its present hahspower, and the price does not go "to the moon" soon, those costs will eventually have to be recovered from the users.  (The numbers are actually worse, because 80-90% of the traffic now is "spam" that will probably disappear if the fees are raised to something significant).
Given the above, a reasonable fee wold be, say 0.2--0.5 mBTC (0.06 to 0.15 USD) per output, irrespective of is byte size.  (There may be surcharges for special cases like large multisigs or other fancy uses.) That fee is still only a tini fraction of the actual cost of the sevice, and will not be significant for ordinary e-payments.  It may inviabilize some non-payment uses; but if those businesses require a free blockchain service to be viable, then they have no right to exist.
@_date: 2015-07-05 02:46:25


A small but essential correction: the users of bitcoin as a currency contribute very little to its value, less that 10 $/Ƀ.  The current price in the 250s is sustained almost entirely by speculators and long-term investors.  They are unlikely to change their expectations because of frequent backlogs.  These would limit adoption rather than price.


You said it yourself: he is doing less of his share of the necessary work (processing transactions) and leaving that work for the other miners.
@_date: 2015-07-15 04:31:32
I guess you can say that "I am paid to badmouth BTC".
I am a prof o computer scence at a public university.  Being paid by the citizens in general, I consider part of my duties to give public advice and advocacy on matters computational of public interest.  (For example, I have given many interviews, talks, and testimonials on electronic voting over the last 10 years; and occasionally also on copyright, smart ID cards, image forgeries, etc.)  
Bitcoin is obviously a computer science topic, and [it has the potential of doing a lot of harm to unwary common citizens](  Snake oil salesmen are trying to sell bitcoin here with implied promises of huge gains, hedge against inflation, and the like.  I feel I have a duty, by my job, to tell them the things that the salesmen leave out.
Fortunately Brazilians haven't been much receptive to bitcoin, having just beent through another tech-based billion-dollar MLM scam.  Argentinians however seem to be falling for it... 8-(
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:35:11
The value of any currency is given by the equation P = Q x T / N where Q is the total volume of payments made with it (USD/day), T is the average time between re-uses of the same currency unit (days), and N is the number of units in circulation (BTC).  
Looking at BitPay's numbers, a generous estimate of Q now is 5 million USD/day.  If there was no speculative holding, we would have T = 14 days (another generous guess) and N = 14 million BTC, giving P = 5 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:19:42
Much better, in fact. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 23:23:08


I have seen the small-blockian repeat those claims many times, but did not see any convincing arguments, or even numbers; just hand-wavings and non-sequiturs.


Well, can you state the relationship?  Like, "increasing or the block size LIMIT to 8 MB will lead to a 0.1% increase in the orphan rate in the next 10 years".
(And please distinguish "block size LIMIT" from "block SIZE".  The fact that the small-blockians invariably replace the former by the latter in their concern trolling only underscores that they are not being sincere.)


How exactly are they a problem? Right now there are 2--3 orphans created per day.  If the block size LIMIT is increased to 8 MB, it may rise to 4--6 orphans per day in 2 years, when the traffic *may* be double of what it is today and the average block SIZE will be maybe 1.5 MB 
But let's suppose, just for argumentś  sake, that it increases to 20-30 per day (1 orphan every 5 blocks).  What bad things would happen, exactly?
Any miner will be unhappy to see his newly-mined block orphaned.  But, since the total block reward per day is fixed, what is bad for one miner at one time mst be good for some other miner, and/or at for the same miner at some other time.
Maybe larger blocks will give some miners a consistent advantage over others, so that their earnings will not be proportional to their hashpower.  Care to point out what those factors would be, and how much that bias may be?


That is totally *not* what happened.  
F2Pool did not validate the parent block because it "stole" its hash (ONLY the hash, not even the header) from BTC-China, who in turn had "stolen" it from BTCNuggets -- without realizing that BTCNuggets was still running v2 software, while the BIP66 rule had just been switched on.  
Miners steal hashes from open pools by joining them incognito as members; that way they receive the hash of any block freshly mined by the victim pool well before the block has made it out to the relay nodes.  
That is usually a very safe optimization, because the victim pool must validate the contents of its own blocks, and must send the true hash to its members, even though it knows that some of them are its competitors.  (The only drawback is that the thief is forced to mine an empty new block, until the full parent comes through the relay nodes; and it often succeds, and posts the empty block, before that happens.) 
The optmization failed on that day only because the core devs did not program an appropriate delay between the "95% voted v3" event and the switching-on of the BIP66 rule.  WIth such a delay, all remaining v2 players could have been alerted of the impending BIP66 enforcement and given a chance to upgrade.  By enabling BIP66 without any delay, the devs guaranteed that 5% of the miners would still be running v2, and therefore mining invalid blocks, *no matter how quickly they upgraded to v3*.  
Anyway, without numbers one can make arbitrarily absurd arguments.  "Airlines should not allow male passengers on board, because men tend to be heavier than women, and, the heavier the load, the more likely are the wings to come off in mid-flight."
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:35:11
And that is what the OP asked, of course. 8-/
@_date: 2015-07-14 09:11:05
I think that blockchain voting is needless complexity (and permanent complexity, because every player who needs to validate the blockchain will have to check the vote again).   The limit change should be programmed to occur at some fixed block N0.  If a majority of the miners switch to that version before that block, the rest will hurry to do so too before N0 is mined. If only a minority switches, they will hurry to switch back.
But at least Gavin was proposing (at some time, don't know now) a delay between the "75% vote" event and the activation of the 8MB limit. That delay would have made it possible to alert all players about the need to upgrade before the actual fork.  
There was no such delay in the BIP66 soft fork, which *guaranteed* that the BIP66 rules would go into effect when 5% of the miners were still in the old version.  And bingo, one of them mined an invalid block, and that triggered the 6-block discarded branch.
@_date: 2015-07-20 05:23:28
As and noted, the graph considers growth from **2012** to 2015.  Another case of the [fastest growing fallacy]( 
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:27:13


It will not be accepted by bitcoin clients because "longer" does not mean "more blocks", but "more work".  The work that is assumed to have gone into each block depends on how many zeros the block hash begins with.  But if you can make in your basement a blockchain with enough "hard" hashes, then yes, everybody would have to accept it as "the" bitcoin chain.  
That, by the way, is the reason for the The Times quote embedded in the genesis block.  It proves that the block was not created earlier than that date.  Without that proof, Satoshi could have created the genesis block a year before, and been mining it all that time; which would allow him to play a nasty practical joke on all early adopters...
@_date: 2015-07-29 18:42:56


There is such a value transfer mechanism already, it is called "currency exchanges".  After a (properly done) QT/XT hard fork, every user will get equal number of XTcoins and QTcoins, and can sell and buy each one as he likes.  Why not let the free market decide which bitcoin is best -- 1 MB caviar bitcoin for bitcoin banks, or 8 MB soup kitchen bitcoin for bitcoin joes? 
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:13:04
But of course you should not rely on a single node, especially one that you know is censoring information.  "Network partitioning" ring a bell?
@_date: 2015-07-07 08:25:33


But that price can be computed and it would be less than 5$, probably less than 1$.   What inflated the price to 200x that was the promise of even higher prices because of "scarcity" and huge adoption in the future.
@_date: 2015-07-07 02:37:06


Coinwallet.eu, the company (?) behind these stress tests, had budgeted 5000 euros to spend on fees.  
They said that they called off their first attempt (a couple of weeks ago) after spending ~500 euros, because their spamming scripts broke down. (And also they may have used low fees so most nomal transactions got through).  Even so the queue reached ~15 MB and the backlog lasted for hours.  
This time they are using higher fees.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:20:54


It is worse than that: they "steal" just the hash (not the contents, not even the header) of the last mined block from other pools, before it even gets to the relay nodes, and start mining on that hash alone.  So they cannot start to verify the previous block immediately, even if they wanted to.
Usually this shortcut is pretty safe because the "victim" of the "theft" does not want to generate an invalid block.  It failed this time onlt because of the blotched switch to the BIP66 rule.  The pools think that the shortcut is profitable in spite of this incident, and will not stop doing it (unless the incentives are changed to somehow make it unprofitable).
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:28:43
I gather that Overstock is no longer holding payments in bitcoin; they use Coinbase to convert them immediately to USD.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:55:24


If a bad miner creates a huge block, some **clients** will be unable to download it -- for bandwidth, memory, or some other restriction -- and therefore will be unable to check whether they transaction was processed, etc..  And this problem will be permanent, since the block will be part of the blockchain.  A spam attack does not affect clients, except by delaying their low-fee transactions while the attack is underway.
The two attacks are **totally** different things. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 10:13:28
They should appreciate getting information about bitcoin from a source that is not trying to take their money.
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:50:18
That article is already obsolete: Jeff Garzik has a [new poposal]( - just increase the limit to 2 MB in Nov/2015.  No voting, no further preprogrammed increases.
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:09:31
I think I read somewhere that some miners or pools are ignoring the fees and clearing the backlog first-come-first-served.  If that is true, there is still hope that sanity will prevail some day...
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:38:00




Satoshi imagined that mining would be done by occasionally by ordinary clients, while relay nodes would be run by companies that had an interest in keeping the bitcoin network running.  
Unfortunately it did not happen that way.  The bitcoin price rose too much too soon, so that the 50 BTC of block reward became worth a lot of money, enough to support companies devoted to mining.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:32:25


@_date: 2015-07-09 19:39:40


The 5 largest Chinese miners signed a joint statement supporting an increas of the max block size to 8 MB.
It is still uncler whether they will effectively increase the size of their blocks when there are enough transations in the queue.  Typically, every miner starts mining an empty block, while in parallel it fetches transactions, validates them, and adds them to the block.  So the effective size of the block depends on how long the miner takes to solve its PoW puzzle.   
Moreover, with the current fee levels, there is little incentive for a miner to fill their blocks.  With 1 MB blocks and 0.01 USD average fee, the total fee with a full block would be ~25 USD, much less than the block reward (~6700 USD).  With 8 MB blocks and 0.01 USD fee, it would be ~200 USD/block -- quite significant.  With 8 MB blocks and the minimum fee raised to 0.05 USD, it would be ~1000 USD -- enough to be worth the trouble.
 With 8 MB blocks and 0.05 USD of average fee, the total for a full bloc would be ~1000 USD, much more appealing.
@_date: 2015-07-15 06:45:01
This "stress test" is forcing everyone to pay transaction fees well above the standard amount.  
Maybe the test was sponsored by a large miner.  If that is true, that miner already collected more than he invested.  
In that case, the "test" would pay for itself with profit, and could go on forever - the attacker would never run out of funds.
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:19:29


It is worse with LN, as far as I understand, because of the locking thing.  
Credit cards, PayPal, electricity, telephone, the internet, railroads, air travel -- all those networks could grow from relatively small beginnings, because new clients would receive a positive benefit for a small cost, even while their networks were only 0.1% of their present size. 
I don't see how the LN could start small.  Its only benefit to clients over raw (on-chain) BN is the replacement of BN transactions by faster payments through PChs.  However, if fewer than than 70% of the bitcoiners are LN uses, the LN will generate *more* BN traffic than raw BN alone.


Ia m always open to that.  But I think that, *for the good of your project*, you should try to write a "Scientific American" style paper with an overview of the LN *network*, focusing on the economic/logistic aspects --- rather than the technical details of how PChs are implemented.
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:08:18
If Coinwallet is actually a miner with 10% of the hashpower, in those 2 weeks he got 1'400'000 USD from block rewards, 1000 USD from the extra fees (after subtracing the 5000 investment).  If he is a 20% miner, he got 7'000 USD net from the extra fees minus investment, and 2'800'000 USD from the block rewards.
So, even with many clients paying well above minimum fee, the return surely was not enough to make the "stress test" worth the trouble for a miner to engage in it.  However, if Coinwallet.eu were such a miner, hecould keep the test running indefinitely without losing money.
@_date: 2015-07-28 12:53:12
Most trades at exchanges are by day-traders, often through "robots" (automated trading scripts).  Most of the coins get bought and sold many times a day.  
Day trading is most intense in exchanges that have no trading fees, like Huobi and OKcoin.  Does Coinbase charge trading fees?
It is claimed that many miners hold most of their profit as BTC, while others sell the coins in bulk "over-the-counter" (off-exchange) to large buyers.  I don't know how these claims could be verified.  (Beware that statements by the miners themselves may be exaggerated in order to inspire confidence in the coin.)  KnC must be "selling without selling" their output by issuing the XBT Tracker One ETNs in Sweden.
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:50:42
Price rose from ~285 to ~310 then fell to ~275 in that time span.  But the miner's revenue of course depends on the price when he sold the coins, not when he collected them.
@_date: 2015-07-23 11:28:35
TV ads are awfully expensive.  
BitPay produced some ads that were shown during the "Bitcoin Bowl", a football championship held last year in St. Petersburg (Florida).  Their effect of that publicity stunt apparently was not worth the cost, and BitPay canceled the sponsorship of the Bowl (that should have lasted for 3 games).
TV ads would also have to worry about laws against deceitful advertising.  They could not promise profits, and would have to state the risks.  See for example the "risks" section in [the COIN ETF proposal filed by the Wiklevosses with the SEC](  Such warnings might actually scare people away from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-06 10:21:31
bitcoin.com is owned by Roger Ver.  It was the object of his recent fight with OKCoin.  
@_date: 2015-07-21 03:01:38
Their "moon launch countdown" page seems to have been lifted from the Coinbase pre-opening one.  Is that a coommon advertisement meme?
Are those guys legit?
@_date: 2015-07-23 19:41:42


As they explain in the posts above, they had to abort the test after spending 10% of their budget, because of technical problems and flaws in their strategy; and retried a week later, with success.
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:36:28
Forgive me to say so, but you don't know much about elections.  Please don't try to fix a problem that you do not understand...
@_date: 2015-07-21 06:23:23


Does this really make a difference?  The total revenue of the miners is fixed, their costs are fixed as long as they run the same equipment, and the share of each miner is basically determined by his relative hashpower.  Therefore, the revenue and profit of each miner are independent of the overall orphan rate.   Would agree to this?
Focusing on "orphan rate" is unhelpful.  What matters is the probability P(S) of a miner winning the next block race if he tries to mine a block of size S (in kB).  The expected gain (in BTC, until the next halving) is E(S) = 25 × P(S) + F  x S, where F is  the average fee in BTC/kB.   
The problem now is that E(S) is decreasing with S, so that individual miners have an incentive to mine small blocks, even if there is a backlog of unconfirmed transactions.   To encourage them to clear the queue as soon as possible, the minimum fee F would have to be raised to a level that would ensure that E(S) increases with S. 
I don't know what P(S) looks like.  It is claimed that it decreases with S, but I haven't seen any quantitative analysis of that (although the Tradeblock guys have made a good advance in that direction).
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:14:58


Hong Kong is a "special economic zone", meaning that its economy is somewhat isolated from that of Mainland China. For one thing, the Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) is still used there in place of the CNY.
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:03:19


Wow.  It is that bad?
Wouldn't you say that the 2010 overflow bug and the 2013 database bug demonstrate that the BitcoinCore implementation is ***not*** the definition of the protocol?  That, if an alternative implementation is incompatible with BitcoinCore in some detail, ***it*** may be right, and BitcoinCore wrong?
@_date: 2015-07-24 22:15:06


The "21 million" number has a good explanation based only on programming considerations.  It has no economic justification at all.  Ditto for the other parameters of the protocol (10 min block delay, 1 MB blocks, 50 BTC initial reward halving every 4 years, difficulty adjusting every 4 weeks, etc.).  


Until two years ago, I thought that inflation was a bad thing, too -- like most everybody.  After all, inflation makes our salaries and saved cash be worth less, prices go up, etc..  Satoshi, being a computer scientist and not an economist, thought so too, and thought that being ultimately inflation-free would be an advantage for bitcoin.  There is no evidence that he was a libertarian, anarcho-capitalist, or cypherpunk; but bitcoin attracted such types early on, and he may have been influenced by their "Austrian economics" stuff and their quest for a ~~Philosopher's Stone~~ ~~Elixir of Eternal Youth~~ Non-Deflationary Anarchic Currency.
But after seeing what happened to bitcoin, I now understand what (real) economists were saying all along: a good currency *must* have some inflation, because otherwise people will hoard it, speculate with it, and its price will become too unstable for it to accomplish its goal.  
The supposedly fixed cap on issuance created the illusion of bitcoin being fabulous investment, and that belief in turn sent its price to the sky.  That was not supposed to happen: the project derailed badly.  Mining was not supposed to become an industry concentrated on a few hands.  The price was supposed to be set by demand for use as a currency, not by day-traders in China.  And so on.
I don't know hwo bitcoin will end, but the current situation is unsustaindable....
(By the way, even though Nash got a Nobel in Economics, he was a mathematician, not an economist.)
@_date: 2015-08-11 00:47:36
[Post  (2010-10-04)]( by Satoshi in that bitcointalk thread seems to be the most relevant:


    if (blocknumber &gt; 115000)
       maxblocksize = largerlimit




@_date: 2015-08-05 19:39:29


They don't say how many of those users are active or keep significant balances.  That silence says that the answer must be "very few".
Besides, a Coinbase client could buy bitcoins from Coinbase and then spend those bitcoins through Coinbase at a merchant who accepts dollars; or just day-trade with them inside Coinbase, without ever widthrawing.  That guy is not really a "bitcoin user"...
 
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:36:33
The richest person who owns some bitcoin, or the person who owns the most bitcoins?  
The latter must be Satoshi.  The former is impossible to know, but Tim Draper would be near the top of the candidate list.
@_date: 2015-07-14 08:54:56


I know; the proposal is to change that.


Variable fees seem to be a major source of complexity in the system, and make its behavior and risks much more difficul to understand and correct.  For example, a spam attacker with deep pockets can ***exploit*** variable fees and fee-based priorities to keep some transactions permanently out of the next block, for as long as it can afford.  Whereas, with a fixed transaction fee, miners would have little incentive to change the chronological order of transactions; so the attacker will be able to slow the legitimate traffic down by diluting it in spam, but cannot prevent it from being processed.
And, once more: bitcoin will be unusable if traffic is allowed to get close to its capacity.  As long as traffic is well below capacity, and the minimum fee is high enough, miners will want to incude all transactions that they can get, irrespecive of their size.
@_date: 2015-07-11 21:44:08
The stated goal of the Coinwallet guys was 250 MB of unconfirmed transactions in the queues.  They must be doing their final sprint.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:35:04
Has to do with the way that signatures in transaction inputs are generated.  IIUC, version v2 allowed certain choices that hackers could exploit to modify the bits of a transaction without invalidating it or changing its effect, but possibly confusing some clients.
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:35:26


That is not true.  The miners will do those optimizations even if the block size is reduced to 100 kB.  Those same miners already said that raising the max block size *limit* to 8 MB would be OK with them.  


Those miners were indeed implementing v3, to the extent that they would not generate v3-invalid blocks themselves.  But the 'consensus rules' don't say that miners (or anyone else) have to verify the parent block, or anything.  (They can't say that, because other players have no way of checking whether the miners did that.)  So the miners have the 'right' to build their blocks any way they want, even throw random bits to the nodes.  
The incentives built into the protocol are supposed to induce the miners to do what is good for the network.  If the miners choose to behave in a way that is not optimal for them, that should be their problem.  If they actually earn more by doing things that are bad for bitcoin, that is a flaw of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-07-29 06:32:56
In order to create a backlog the spammer needs only issue more than C - N transactions per second, where C is effective capacity of the network and N is the normal traffic.  
Currently C= ~1.32 kB/s (~790 kB/block) and N = ~0.67 kB/s (~400 kB/block), so a spammer needs to issue only ~0.65 kB/s (~390 kB/block) to start and sustain a backlog.  (Note that the effective capacity is less than the theoretical 1.67 kB/s (1000 kB/block) because there are many empty blocks.)
If the block size limit were lifted to 8 MB, keeping the same percentage of empty blocks, C would be multiplied by 8, to C' = ~10.53 kB/s (6300 kB/block).  However, N would continue to increase slowly, and two years from now would still probably be less than 2.  Then  the attacker would have to issue C' - N = 8.53 kB/s (5900 kB/block) to create and sustain a backlog, which is 13 times what it needs today.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:06:00
The spammers must be doing that: donating all those spam UTXOs to the miner, in order to convince him to process that huge transaction.  Correct?
(F2Pool cannot eat those UTXOs by itself, without the private keys.)
@_date: 2015-07-09 03:10:18


Since when is CNBC a trusted platform? 8-[
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:28:05
A "shark" miner who controls a fraction H of the hashrate can announce that his minimum fee is F, and reject all transactions that pay less than F; while the other "dolphin" miners continue to accept clients that pay the standard fee E.  
Clients who are not willing to pay F will see their expected wait times multiplied by 1/(1 − H).  For example, if H = 0.20, clients who do not pay F will have to wait about 1/0.80 = 1.25 times longer, that is, ~12.5 min, on average, while those who pay E will contune to have ~10 min expected wait.  If H = 0.70, cheap clients would have to wait ~33 min on average.
Suppose that a fraction R of the clients (that depends on F and H,  that is R= R(F,H)) agrees to pay F, while a fraction S = S(F,H) chooses to wait longer, and the remainder Q = Q(F,H) = 1 − R − S stops using bitcoin altogether.  Note that a larger H means a larger delay; hence R increases with H and decreases with F, Q increases with both, while S may increase or decrease with both.  
For simplicity, suppose also that, before the change, transations arrived at the rate of 1 per second.  After the announcement, there will be S tx/s paying E, that will be serviced exclusively by the dolphins; and R tx/s paying F, that may be serviced by any miner.
The shark collected H × E per second before the announcement; after the change he will instead collect H × R × F.  The dolphins together collected  (1 − H)  × E before, and S × E + (1 − H) × R × F after.
The manoeuver will be profitable for the shark if  R(F,H) × F is greater than E. If that is the case, then the dolphins will benefit from the shark's actions too, because 
  S × E + (1 − H) × R × F   ≥   (1 − H) × R × F &gt; (1 − H) × E
For example, if E = 0.02 USD and F = 0.10 USD, the manoeuver will be profitable for the shark if more than 20% of the clients accept to pay the higher fee rather than wait longer. 
This is a kind of Prisoners' Dilemma game, because the shark could make even more money by announcing his intention to be a shark but then acting as dolphin -- that is, accepting transactions paying the lower fare E too.  Then its revenue would be H × R × F + H × S × E instead of just H × R × F.  But that would damage its credibility, reducing R for the next block.  This is the kind of situation where cartels and syndicates form:  collectively, they will gain more by agreeing to be sharks, even if individually they may gain more by defecting.  
Note also that the optimal strategy for the miners is one that reduces adoption.  Moreover, if the miners form a cartel, then (as in any oligopoly market) the equilibrium fee F will be higher than the free-market equilibrium fee.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:43:45
But they explain that their planned test had to be interrupted for technical problems, after 10% of what they planned to issue, and that they would try again later with an improved plan.  It must be this one.
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:25:15
I know that there isn't.  There should be.
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:14:21
Those fees are per kB.  I don't recall whether the fee is computed by rounding the size to the next kB or not.  The formula should have also the hyperbolic arctangent of the recursive quaternionic lemniscate, just to make sure that those pesky clients do not try to understand it.
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:22:16


Obviously they are views, not facts...


Again, there is a clear difference between a productive investment and a pyramid schema.  
In a productive investment, the asset creates goods or renders a service, and the main source of the money that goes into the system (where the investor's pofits will come from) is what customers (not investors) pay for those products.  Or it is a bond that yields guaranteed interest, where the main source of money is the issuer of the bond (not investor).
In a pyramid schema, the ONLY source of money in the system is what new investors put in.
One can do speculative trading (gambling) with both assets, but real investment only with productive ones.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:09:40
I have already explained why your arguments are all invalid.  But if you cannot be convinced by common sense, nor by the fact that a billion multi-customer businesses out there follow a fixed price FCFS policy, while NO ONE uses on-the-fly auctions, nor by the obvious lack of the essential information needed to make the "fee market" work, nor by a detailed numerical analysis of the consequences ("faith in numbers", ha!) -- then further debate is useless. Obviously you are not allowed to change your opinion, for company policy or whatever other reason.
@_date: 2015-07-20 17:33:35
The last entry of the Blockchain.info plots is often garbage.  The bug has been pointed out in their bitcointalk.org "feedback" thread ages ago, but they are not reading that thread (and did not bother to warn people of that).
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:53:53
CORRECTION: Their stated goal ws 200 MB, not 250 MB.  They recently passed that mark, so perhaps they will stop now.
@_date: 2015-07-19 04:21:36


I would think that 99.9% of the hashpower, at least, is industrial miners, doing it for money.  The remaining 0.1% is irrelevant in all aspects.


Crentralization of 70% of mining into 4 Chinese pools and 1 Ukraian pool presents a huge *risk* of abuse, but I don't see signs of abuse yet (apart GHhash's attemped double spends).  
Abuse would be the miners doing unprofitable things now for greater profits in the long term.  As long as they are maximizing their immediate revenue -- trying to get as many blocks solved and accepted as they can -- they are doin what they are supposed to do.  If that "stupid greedy" strategy leads to behavior that is not good for bitcoin, that would be a flaw of the protocol or of the fee policies, not of them.
@_date: 2015-07-19 22:03:49
There was [a project that aimed to give 100 $ worth of bitcoin to every MIT undergraduate student]( I haven't seen any definitive report, and that website seems to have been abandoned since Q4/2014.  However, I remember someone claiming that most of the students who got the bitcoins immediately sold the bitcoins for dollars.  
@_date: 2015-08-05 00:39:29
I think I heard him amend that sentence afterwards as "testing", "looking into testing", or something...
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:25:34
Indeed, I don't even understand clearly what those guys mean with 'blockchain technology', nor what exactly is the problem that they are trying to solve and what are the requirements for the solution.
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:55:14
"Wright currency" is how Google translates "莱特币" (Láitè bì) = "Litecoin"
@_date: 2015-07-19 22:23:49
Only if the people agree to run programs that use the math in a certain way...
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:05:54


That is an optional parameter, not part of the 'consensus rules', correct? Then some nodes could still relay them, and miners could still mine them if they create them or get them through other means, no?  
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:35:25
How they would impose a change is not totally trivial, but it should be easy to figure out if one really wanted to know.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:12:19
That could be the reason too.  But Satoshi did not condone illegal uses, and probably was disappointed when people started using GPUs to gobble up the coins for speculation... 
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:55:40
If you think that the 'problem that is not a problem' is vote buying, you don't know enough about voting to go fixing it.
What amazes me most is why people think that an activity that takes at most 1 easy hour of everyone, only once every year at most, needs to be optimized.  People waste more than than that all the time in lines for restaurants and cashiers, much more than that commuting, mowing their lawns...
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:46:06
That is the second reason why the variable fee policy is a stupid idea.  
The first reason is that a fee market will *not* develop when the network saturates...
@_date: 2015-07-25 16:50:31
I sugegsted that the fee be specified per output, rather than per byte.  Unfortunately, the developers are hackers, and the word 'usability' not in the Hacker's Dictionary; whereas 'barfulous', 'bletcherous', 'crock', 'crufty', 'demented', 'gubbish', and 'hairy' are all there ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:11:58


It makes a lot of sense to distinguish the main groups (even though they overlap to some extent).  
**Users of the currency** will try to buy just before use, send it to BitPay, who will sell it to get the dollars to send to the merchant.  Their contribution to the demand is small, because they are few in number, pay with bitcoin only rarely, and the coins stay out of the market for a few days.  They don't care about the price at all, not on how price and adoption will evolve long or short term; but they may be put off by sudden variations.  They don't care about 'trustless' or 'decentralized', but care about the fees. Unless they are doing illegal payments, they don't care about independence from government or anonymity either.  In fact, they could use any altcoin in place of bitcoin, if it was convenient, case by case.
**Short-tem speculators** ("day traders") will buy or sell frequently in order to profit from price variations.  They actually like bitcoin *because* of the price volatility.  They don't care much about long-term success, except that they hope *others* will believe in it so that they will buy *now* and cause the price to go up. They are the ones who determine the daily price.  They would promptly switch to an altcoin if it provided better day-trading opportunities. 
**Long-term investors** don't care about volatility, but hope only that price will be much higher some years from now.  Although they have little influence on day-to-day price variation, they determine the overall price level by keeping most of the existing coins out of the market.
The long-term investors are the only ones who care about the survival of bitcoin itself -- not of any other altcoin.  They may not really care about the supposed unique advantages of bitcoin like decentralization, anonimity, or independence from governments; but they hope that those properties hold, to the extent that they believe that others will value them.  However, those investors are  the least powerful among bitcoiners:  all that they can do to influence the course of the project is to threaten to dump their coins -- which is like threatening to commit suicide if anyone tries to put their lives at risk...
@_date: 2015-07-01 12:03:58
Money should be agnosic too.  Bitcoin may be the first money that comes with a political party attached... 8-)
@_date: 2015-07-08 01:20:30
The validity of a block cannot depend on what the nodes have seen or not.  The consensus rules must be such that Rip van Winkle can download a blockchain from anywhere and check whether it is valid by himself.  
Besides, a malicious miner who wants to create a 200 MB block could just issue 200 MB of transactions to the nodes first.


And they could, but whiel doing so they can also screw the Western chain so thoroughly that Westerners would have to switch to their rules if they want to recover their coins.
@_date: 2015-07-30 05:46:09
The word "bitcoin" is absent from the proposal itself.  It only says "blockchain technology"  
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:42:57
Their stated goal was to get 250 MB of unconfirmed tx in the queue, and had a 5000 euro budget for that.  They claim that their first attempt failed because their script broke down after they had spent ~500 euro, and they also made several mistakes, including using insufficient fees.  The current attempt (3 waves so far; intentional, or aborted attempts?) reached &gt; 50 MB backlog using somewhat higher fees. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:54:54
You mean that bitcoiners actually approve what I wrote above


@_date: 2015-07-29 15:04:26
Fine.  Why don't YOU try to understand how the LN will work, then?
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:25:42
Cool plots, thanks!
@_date: 2015-07-01 03:05:56
I think you don't understand how it works.  The nodes do not decide what is "the" blockchain.  Honest nodes serve what they *think* it is.  malicious nodes serve what they want others think it is.  The full clients (and new nodes) cannot trust the nodes blindly.  As I wrote, *they* must check whether the blocks are valid, and they must assume that the longest chain of valid blocks that they see is "the" blockchain.  
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:12:47
Who was it then? What did the BF pay him for?
@_date: 2015-07-10 06:51:20


When was that?
Some things to consider:
I have been reading bitcoin forums and papers for 18 months, several hours per day, and still there are many details of the fee formulas and effects that I don't understand.   That part of the protocol/policy is already mindbogglingly insane as it is; you cannot expect clients to study 3 years to master that. The "fee market" with fee updating will make it an order of magnitude more complex.  It should be radically simplified, not complexified.  
The "fee market" will not be anywhere close to a f**R**ee market.  The miners are not the suppliers: there is only one supplier, the bitcoin network.  The miners are like the cooks in the kitchen of a restaurant: they are internal parts of the single supplier, that clients should not know about.  A market with a single supplier is a monopoly, basically the opposite of a free market.  There are other criteria for a free market that the "fee market" fails, but that should suffice
From lemonade stands to aircraft manufacturers, merchants and services with many clients universally use the same pricing schema:  a fixed price (or simple price formula) that is known by the client in advance, proportional to the value of the product as perceived by the client (rather than the cost of that specific service to the merchant); an implicit guarantee to the client that he will receive the product, if he pays that price; and a fairly strict first-come, first-serve (FCFS) priority policy.  When the merchant offers two or more products (such as regular delivery and express delivery), each has its pre-announced price and service guarantee (e.g. one week vs. two days) and is FCFS at least for each product.  It is the merchant's problem, not the customers', to adjust the prices beforehand so that the *total* revenue covers the *total* costs.
There are very strong reasons for this pattern.  Clients, especially the most important ones, do not want to waste time discussing prices or reading and handling complicated formulas.  Clients do not want to know the internal procedures of the merchant: if he charges Alice 20$ for a product that Bob got for 10$, it is no use explaining why his costs were different in the two cases.  Clients get very upset if they do not get what they  paid for, or are asked to pay *more* and end up getting *less*.  And a client will get very upset if, after waiting in line for some time, he sees other clients jump the line and push him back.  If bitcoin's pricing does not follow these principles, it will lose clients to PayPal and the like.
Fee market or not fee market, the network will never be fully saturated (with traffic T above capacity C).  In that condition there would be a permanently growing backlog, and the average waiting time would keep increasing too.  Clients will drop out of the system because of that delay, not because of fees. Ditto if T = ~C .  
The situation will stabilize when T = 0.80 x C, perhaps.  At that stage, there will be occasional "traffic jams" lasting hours.  When there are no traffic jams, the fees have no effect on service.   During the traffic jams, the right fee to ensure that your transaction will enter the next block depends on the fees of the ~3000 transactions that *will* be issued in the next 10 minutes, by clients who are all trying to choose a fee to  leave yours out of that block...
(continued tomorrow)
@_date: 2015-08-30 09:34:27
Wait, are you saying that the LN will achieve "mass adoption" by having the same 300'000 users make 10'000 micropayments per day, instead of 1 normal payment per day?
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:01:24
BicoinCore could do that too, of course.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:32:13
Will we ever see the distribution of users by BTC balance?  I.e. how many users have 0 BTC, how many have 0.00000001 to 0.0000001 BTC, etc?
@_date: 2015-07-21 02:42:23
Translating: the Chinese could grab even more real estate in the US, by mining "virtual gold", selling it to gullible Americans for real US dollars, and using those dolars to buy real estate.  
May be bad for Americans -- but is good for bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-07-07 07:15:01
It is the average transaction fee that would have to be charged if there was no block rewards, in order to sustain the current network.   
Instead of a flat fee F = A (that implies A = 5 $/tx), one could use a formula F = A + B x V where V is the total amount of the transaction.   That would allow a much smaller A.  Say, A = 0.05 USD plus B = 1% of V.  At the current traffic volume (50 million USD/day, excluding change-backs), the total fees would be barely enough to sustain the current network.
@_date: 2015-07-21 02:33:55


Nce fantasy, but it has not been demonstrated to work yet.  Which is a bit worrisome &lt;/sarcasm&gt;, because no business on Earth that caters to thousands of clients uses a real-time auction to define its price.


The traffic certainly *varies* a lot according to the time of day and day of week, but is not predictable from them.  
As long as the network is far from saturation, that unpredictability is irrelevant, and fees are irrelevant, because all unconfirmed transactions in the queue could be processed in the next block,even if they pay the minimum fee.  
But, when the traffic gets momentarily higher than the capacity of the network, a "traffic jam" -- a backlog of unconfirmed transactions in the queues -- will form.
The start, size, and duration of a traffic jam cannot be predicted from past history, because it depends on the excess of traffic over capacity, which is much more variable than the traffic itself.  (For example, if the capacity is 2.1 tx/s, a traffic surge with 2.3 tx/s will generate a jam that grows twice as fast as a surge with 2.2 tx/s.)
Then the fee that is needed to get your trasnaction into the next N blocks will depend not only on the state of the queue, and on how many transactions ***will*** be issued in the next N x 10 minutes; but also on the fees that ***will*** be paid by those transactions -- which will *not* be the minimum fees, because the clients issuing them will be trying to get them ahead of your transaction.  
So, one cannot write an algorithm to compute a fee that, during a traffic jam, will have a good chance of getting confirmation in N blocks.  For the same reason that one cannot write an algorithm to predict the bitcoin price 10 minutes ahead, or the bid that is guaranteed to win a closed-bid auction:  the data that one would need in order to compute that value will not be available, and will not be guessable, even in theory.
A network that is saturated, even only part of the time, is a broken network.  If the bitcoin network gets to such a state (which, with 1 MB blocks and the current minimum fees, is bound to happen in 6 months or so), the result will not be the "market" discovering the right fee values, but users giving up on bitcoin altogether.  Those who will stay, willing to put up with long delays or randomly higher fees, may not be the ones that the developers and investors would like. 
Unfortunately, the "new devs" have been dreaming of the "fee market" for so long, and wrote so many tools and patches to use in it, that they simply cannot accept these facts...
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:47:31


Yes.  That is what the new investors who will buy the 3600 mined coins next week will pay to the miners, every day.  


Again, you are confusing the cost ***of operating the mines to the miners*** with the the cost ***of the mining industry to the bitcoin economy***.  What is revenue for the seller is cost for buyer.
The cost of electricity, equipment, etc, to the miners is mainly a concern of the miners.  The cost of mining to the new investors, holders, and users is a concern of for those investors, holders, and users.  It is not sustainable to have the investors pay for a service that the users exploit for free.
@_date: 2015-07-05 12:06:56


I don't gamble; that is one reason why I don't buy bitcoin.
But it is not a prediction.  I am just pointing out that the building is flammable and has no fire sprinklers, so it *may* be burned to the ground by anyone with a can of gasoline and a match.  That is not predicting that it *will* burn.


You did not understand it yet.
@_date: 2015-07-08 23:50:55
Just a bit more than the fee that everybody else is paying.  
That is, the fee that is needed to send bitcoin so it doesn't get stuck in the spam is just 10% more than the fee that is needed to send bitcoin so it doesn't get stuck in the spam.
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:36:57


I read the chat log of the core devs as they were monitoring the BIP66 fork.  They could see the bad blocks being mined, I saw them talking about warning F2Pool and AntPool, but did not see any mention of the "hash stealing".  


Again, they should have programmed a delay of a month or two between the vote threshold and the BIP66 event, so that all the v2 miners could be notified and would have at least *had a chance* to upgrade.  By omitting that delay, they *ensured* that 5% of the miners would *not have that chance*.  


The network is not "rated for 1 MB blocks".  It has as 1 MB size LIMIT that so far has not been important, and effective block SIZES that have been increasing gradually, especially for the last year, and is now at about 400-500 kB on average, with considerable variation.  There is nothing to suggest that an increase beyond 1 MB would create any new risk, *exept for the very certain and severe problems that will be created by the limit itself* if the traffic gets to 150'000, as expected by the end of the year.
Keeping the limit will create new big problems, *due only to the limit itself*.  Lifting the limit will avoid those problems and create no new ones.  That is hard to understand only to those who do not want to understand...
@_date: 2017-04-02 01:31:53


There you have half of your answer.  It is no surprise that bitcoiners and "goldbugs" behave the same way, and even have the same "gurus" like Max Kayser.
Both will go to great lengths to convince their marks that all investments are the same, that their value is determined just by supply and demand, and that there is nothing more to it. "So gold and bitcoin are just as good investments as stocks or bonds."
But that is the other half of your answer.  Holders of a good stock get a profit out of it because the company makes stuff and sells it, and either reinvests the profit in growth (so each share is a slice of a bigger pie) or gives it to shareholders as dividends.   
But gold and bitcoin do not generate new wealth, so their holders do not get richer by just holding it.  The ONLY way that they can get a profit out of their investment is by convincing others to buy it for more than they paid for it.  And the ONLY way they can do that is by leading their marks to believe that the price may go even further up in the future.
That is why you see gold and bitcoin holders on TV, forums, and family reunions saying that "the price may go to 100'000 USD/oz" or "the price may go to 1 million USD/BTC", as if that was a real possibilty.  They don't say it, but very much want -- *need* -- that their listeners think that it is like a 10% chance.  And they of course never point out that the expected profit of investing in those things is negative.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:05:15


Most of their hashpower is probably a few largish mines rather than many small miners.  Those pool members won't care for ideology and do not even know what they are mining or who are the pool owners.  (It has been revealed recently that BitFury was a large part of GHash.io when they got to 51% last year.)
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:58:36


"Dutch" must be someone who is born in Ukraine, and anyone born in Georgia is of course American.
And Bitfury has mines in Iceland, Finland and Georgia, which are all American States.
@_date: 2015-07-09 01:26:32
"Fungibility" does not mean "untraceability" (or "no blacklisting").  
Fungibility has to do with intrinsic properties of individual coins (e.g. the purity of a gold coin, or the conservation state of a rare stamp), and follows them through changes of possesion.
Blacklisting has to do with the person or entity that has possession of the coins; and it should follow the entity, not the coins, through changes of possession.
Bitcoins are fungible because the protocol and the system treat all coins equally (except for that silly coin age thing).
Identifying the possessor cannot be done reliably enough with bitcoin, so blacklisting is not actually possible.  What is possible is graylisting: mark coins as suspect, and propagate the suspicion with the coins -- but keeping in mind that it is just a hint, since the possessor may or may not change at every transaction, or even without any transaction in the blockchain.  The suspicion level must decay with time, otherwise all coins will soon be marked suspect, and the marking will be useless.  This sort of greylisting will be done by police agencies, or anyone who cares, anyway; so it should not be a concern of the developers.  Anyway anonymity was not a design goal of bitcoin, but only a consequence of the lack of a controlling authority.
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:52:28
I am not a lawyer, but I suspect that the article is not very correct.
First, "fungibility" may be misused there.  The term usually refers to the *intrinsic* value of something that can be used for exchange, and means that every unit of it is just as good as any other.  So you don't have to worry about *which* units you own (or owe, or are owed), or which kinds or units, but only *how many* of them.  
National currencies are fungible by decree.  Gold, gasoline, cocaine paste, and refined sugar are mostly fungible.  Apples, gold jewelry, diamonds, postage stamps, wine, and coal are not fungible (although oil and coal of a specific technical grade may be fungible). So bitcoin is indeed fungible, in the sense that any satoshi is equivalent to any other.
What makes stolen money different from a stolen car is not so much that "the receiver is not liable" or "the owner cannot demand it back".  It is the way the victim can get it back.
In the case of theft of money, the owner must accept as restitution *any* money with the same value, taken from the thief.  If the thief spent the money, then the equivalent amount is recovered by auctioning the thief's property.  If that is not enough, the victim has to bear the loss.  Anyone who accepted the money from the thief, *in good faith*, is not liable.  The same may (or may not) apply to theft of other fungible goods, like gold or sugar.  And the same usually applies to borrowing: the borrower is obliged to return *the same amount* of the stuff, not *the same stuff*. 
Wereas, in the case of a stolen car, the victim is entitled to get back *that* car, not any other "equivalent" car; because it is very problematic to try to define and find an "equivalent" car.  If the car has been destroyed or cannot be found, the victim may be entitled to get from the thief, as above, a sum of money that some court will establish as its fair value.  
But if the stolen car has been sold, it *may be* taken from the buyer (depending perhaps on the jurisdiction), who would then have to try to recover the money from the thief.  The justification here being that, since each car is identifiable, and its ownership can be established by documents and official records, the buyer has some responsibility to make sure that the seller indeed owns the car.  So the difference between the two cases is somewhat related to fungibility, but not identical to it: it has more to do with the existence of external proof of ownership of a *specific* lump of the thing.
Nevertheless, if you receive money that you have good reason to suspect is stolen, you may be considered acessory to the theft -- fungibility or not fungibility.  That is the spirit of AML laws.  
This principle normally applies also to bitcoin or any other property.  The difference between bitcoin and money is that bitcoin motions are recorded in a *public* ledger, and bitcoins cannot be spent without connecting to that ledger.  Therefore, if governments were to create offical public databases of 'forbidden' bitcoins, they *could* require everyone who receives bitcoins to look them up in that database, and report any match; or be charged with money laundering etc..
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:48:40
A totally misleading piece from the very start.  The "top 10 merchants" (including Overstock) do not "accept bitcoin".  They sign up to a service (like BitPay or Coinbase) that buys bitcoin from their customers and sends the dollars to the merchants.
Those merchants were given the option to actually receive some bitcoins from the processor, but they (except Overstock) refused.  Overstock did accept bitcoins initially, but now only takes dollars from the processor.  So, the truth is that those "merchants" do not want bitcoins, they want dollars.
And Wikipedia is not a "merchant", by the way.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:09:19
I thought that it required basically checking the signatures (which should be linear, even of each signature depends on the inputs before it) and whether there are no double spends (basically O(1) each, for a very big Oh).
@_date: 2015-07-15 04:05:16
Bonuses to the CEOs are given in the open and reported to stockholders.  Embezzlement is not that.  
I am really having difficulty understanding how managing the finances with bitcoin can help prevent or catch embezzlement and other corporate fraud.  Banks keep *nominal* records of all their transactions, that can be subpoenaed in case of criminal and civil proceedings.  Since bitcoin addresses are semi-anonymous and transactions do not involve an independent third party that could provide similar records, investigations are much more difficult. See the MtGOXcase, for example -- 18 months later, we don't even know whether 600'000 coins were stolen, embezzled, or lost by incompetence or accident.
In fact, of the hundreds of bitcoin scams and heists that we have news of, barely half a dozen have been solved and successfully prosecuted.
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:58:33
The Chinese mining cartel (and anyone who upgrades to their version of the 'consensus rules') will be mining their "Chinese" branch with &gt;30% of the world's hashpower.  The other 38% that they control will be used to sabotage the old "orthodox" branch.  These saboteurs will mine only perfectly valid but empty blocks, and will ignore any blocks posted by other miners.  Since those "orthodox" miners have only &lt;32% of the hashpower, any blocks that they mine will soon be orphaned by the empty blocks of the saboteurs.  The "orthodox" miners will get no rewards, and any clients and services runnig the "orthodox" version of the software will be unable to move their coins.  Or, worse, will see their transactions get maybe 2-3 confrmations and then become unconfirmed again.  If these clients upgrade, they will find their coins where they were before the fork, and will be able to move them again.
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:00:10


Even with 20 MB blocks, the network will support only some 7 million transactions per day (any more would mean frequent jams at peak hours).  That means 7 million users doing 1 transaction per day on average, in the whole world.  If only 1 in 1000 people use bitcoin, no merchants will bother to accept it, and therefore no one will want to use it except for very special situations.  Which is what we see today. 
With 7 million transactions per day, the average fee would have to be  around 0.15 USD in order to sustain the current mining network.  That means more than 50 USD/year per user in fees.
Maybe there will be 70 million users doing 1 transaction every 10 days on average, with a cost of ~5 USD/year.  That is still 1 person in 100, still too few for merchants to bother.
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:45:28
There must be a fixed hard limit to block size for programming reasons.  
Anyway, it will be many years before the network can handle 32 MB blocks, or handle the transaction traffic that woud be needed to fill 32 MB blocks.  And it will be *many* years before the user base and usage grow to the point of generating that much traffic.
It is not the time to worry about the supply of lunar spacesuits yet.  There will be plenty of time to do that after the contract to build a Moon base gets signed.
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:17:26
Is there any *other* quote by Satoshi where he declares himself a libertarian, reaffirm his visceal hatred of goverment and banks, and confirms the well-known fact that he created bitcoin specifically to get rid of banks and governments? &lt;/sarc&gt;
@_date: 2015-07-09 22:09:21


To keep bitcoin working at least as well as it has so far, and perhaps grow the user base at least 10 x its present size, both the block size limit and the minimum transaction fee need to be raised.  Perhaps, if the transaction fees are raised, the traffic will drop substantially, and then raising the block size limit becomes less urgent. 


On the contrary: if the minimum fee was sufficiently high, so that the total fee per block might be 1000$ instead of 25$,   their selfish interest should induce them to try to fill their blocks, even at the cost of losing a few seconds in the race. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:28:02
Full nodes that are are good citizens are supposed to exchange data so that every transaction request issued by any client eventually propagates to every node.  However, individual nodes can censor transactions based on any criteria they like.  Luke DashJr just posted a node software that rejects SatoshiDice and other things that he considers "spam".  Some or all nodes will reject transactions with very small values and/or fees.  
(I am not a user, so I don't know the exact details; but I suppose that every bitcoiner can compute in his head the priority of his transactions and the fee that will get them past all the node and miner filters. &lt;/s&gt;)
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:39:09
Actually I was kinda.  Can you tell what happened to their members -- which pools they switched to?  (I just learned that BitFury was among them.)
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:45:42


The bitcoin network could process at least 10x that much by increasing the block size limit. Blockstream just does not ***want*** that to happen.


They expect the fees to rise to compensate the loss of block reward.  
In order to maintain the miners' revenue at the present level (~1 million USD/day) beyond the next reward halving, the average transaction fee would have to be ~4 USD, or 1% of the total output value, or some combination of the two.  
That estimate assumes no change in the current traffic patterns, other than an increase to 150'000 transactions per day (the maximum that can be supported with 1 MB blocks without frequent "traffic jams") and maybe 60 M$/day of total transaction amount.  
However, if such high fees are imposed by the protocol of by miner policies, there will be a drastic drop in the traffic.   Gambling and other opportunistic or frivolous uses will disappear, so the traffic may drop to 20'000 tx/day and 10 M$/day.  In that case fees would have to be much higher, say 20 $/tx or 5% of the transaction amounts, or some combination of the two.
@_date: 2015-07-04 09:55:12


Well, their signature on that document was the only one that did not have the red star stamp. 8D
@_date: 2015-07-13 06:59:52
It can scale to meet demand for a few years more, by increasing the block size limit and raising the minimum fees to something meaingful (still much less than the actual cost of the service).
@_date: 2015-07-11 06:01:38


Jeeze, I wasted an hour typing an analysis of what would be the impact on the nodes of increasing the limit (which is: peanuts to positive).  But you didn't even read it, did you? 8-(
As for its value: Bitcoin was a neat computer experiment to test a significant advance on payment systems technology.  It was carefully designed and implemented for a specific goal, and remarkably it kept running for six and a half years, in spite of being abused and misused by libertarians, drug dealers, scammers, illegal gamblers, etc.  Unfortunately, because of a design flaw, it was turned by a bunch of snake oil salesmen into a huge and stupid pyramid schema.  (It is this schema that defines the *price* of bitcoin, if not its value.)  
A consequence of this development was the industrialization and centralization of mining, that negated the goal of the project.  With &gt;70% of the mining held by 4 Chinese companies, what would it matter if 3000 nodes become 2000?  You could just let the miners run nodes themselves.
Bitcoin has therefore failed to achieve its goal.  It keeps ticking mainly because it is still usable as a payment system in some niche cases, and still useful as the instrument of the pyramid scheme; but its reason to exist is no more.
I still have some hope that the pyramid will collapse, that the price will drop back to cents, that the mining industry vanishes, that criminals and salesmen will move on to other markets -- and that bitcoin will become again an exciting computer experiment.  
But now a new unexpected threat to the project has arisen, perhaps the worst ever: a company that holds the keys to the reference implementation, bent on destroying bitcoin and use its bones for something else entirely.  Will the experiment survive this last threat?
@_date: 2015-07-05 01:47:59
Oops, indeed!
@_date: 2015-07-15 03:38:17
If transaction priorities are determined by fees, whether paid by the UTXO creator or by its consumer, an attacker can keep transactions off the blockchain for an indefinite time by issuing enough spam transactions with fees higher than them.  Even if the client uses replace-by-fee to increase his own fees, the attacker can simply increase his own too.  
With variable fees, clients with deep pockets may still be able to get through by paying an exorbitant fee that the attacker may be unwilling to pay.  (With 1 MB blocks, in order to block a transaction with fee X he has to continuously issue a bit more than 1800 to 2500 new transactions with fee X+1, every 10 minutes.)  But the attacker will still be able to block transactions of clients that paid a higher-than standard fee but could not remain on-line to readjust their fees.
In contrast, if the fee was fixed by the proocol, all the attacker could do is to dilute the legitimate traffic.  Suppose that a spam attack created a backlog of 15'000 transactions, and a new simple transaction is issued.  With fixed fees, 1 MB blocks, 70% filled, and 700 bytes/tx average, that transaction will be very probably serviced in the next 15 blocks -- ***no matter what the attacker does next***.
A reader in bitcointalk suggested that this "stress test" may be an attempt by a large miner to force everybody to increase their fees so that his revenue will increase.  By my quick estimates, indeed a 20% miner could have collected ~10'000 USD of extra fee revenue by investing maybe 5000 USD.  That is peanuts for a 20% miner, but it means that a spam attack can be self-financing if carried out by a large miner.  That is, the miner can keep spamming for an indefinite length of time, with increasingly higher fees, forcing everybody to spend more and more, while making a small profit instead of a huge loss.  Eventually, his profit may be large enough to make the attack worthwhile.  
With fixed fees, set in the consensus rules, this miner strategy does not seem viable.
@_date: 2015-07-31 19:36:15
That page is out of date (can't expect a zombie foundation to groom itself, cant't we?).
Further down it says that Gavin's term on the Board expired  Dec/2014.  Jon Matonis also left (maybe before his term expired, not sure).  There have been elections (on the blockchain, blotched, had to be redone).  Olivier Janssens was elected, I don recall the other name.  Brock Pierce and Bruce Fenton now have some top governance posts.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:47:17
That would not break the users' privacy.  It would be like [this table]( -- that makes me doubt very much those Coinbase numbers.
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:16:33
A mining majority could impose a protocol change on all other players.  (Hint: someone who can completely disable some process for an indefinite time can force the users of that service to accept any change that is less severe than the shutdown itself.)
There are technical obstacles to a substantial increase of the 20999999.96990000 BTC cap; but the miners could instead force a postponement of the next halving, a general fee increase (say, 2 US$/tx and/or 1% of the value moved), a negative-interest tax on bitcoin holdings, etc.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:39:31
You still don't get it, do you?  
There is no "tell the world to switch".  Once the new branch is being mined (and the difficulty can be finagled to make its block rate acceptable, even with a small fraction of the hashpower mining it) *everybody* will own a bunch of NewCoins equal to his holding of OldCoins, whether he likes it or not.  Each player can use either coin, or both, but is not forced to choose.  He can ignore the New (or Old) branch, but his New (or Old) coins will just sit there for as long as that branch gets mined.
@_date: 2015-07-12 06:33:53
It woud be enough to set the transaction fee to a fixed significant amount (say, 0.3 mBTC = ~10 US cents) in the 'consensus rules', so that miners and nodes cannot change it.
It would be just a small step towards making the users pay the cost of the service that they benefit from.  It would also make spam attacks more expensive hence less likely, encourage miners to process as many transactions as they can.  It would greatly reduce transactions that do not have value to their issuers, without requiring some authority to subjectively decide of what is "good" and what is "spam"; and with little harm to bitcoin's stated purpose (p2p payment system etc.).  It would also bring the processing ot transactions closer to the first-come-first-served policy that peopel generally expect from any commercial service.
Unfortunately, a hard fixed fee will never be implemented, because it would inviabilize several businesses that are dear to bitcoiners but depend on freeloading the blockchain, like dice throwing and tumbling.  It also eliminates the "fee market" and renders useless all the contraptions that were created to play in it, like RBF, CPFP, and fee estimation algorithms; which would frustrate all the hackers who have devised them.  Indeed, it would enormously simplify the software, not just the core but almost every program that deals with transactions and the blockchain; and no real hacker would want to make things simpler... 
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:33:20
I suppose that you did not recognize that quote. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-28 12:36:50
Instead of an entrance fee, there should be a negative interest fee:  every day, 5% of the words from old posts are deleted.  Then people will not be motivated to invest significant amounts of text in timeless posts, like those where Alice attacks Peter, or Adam calls Gavin a dictator.  Instead, posters will use as few words as possible and only for matters of immediate interest.
@_date: 2015-07-06 23:42:00
Or someone who is impatient to see replace-by-fee in action.  Or someone who wants to justify funding for an "overlay network".
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:40:25
Currently, a miner who solves the block puzzle ahead of the other miners will eventually get 25 BTC plus the fees of all transactions included in the block.  
The average fee (before the recent "stress tests") was about 0.13 mBTC/tx, and the average transaction size was said to be about 400 bytes.  Therefore, a miner would get 25 BTC if he mines an empty block, and 25.3 BTC if he mines a full block with 2500 transactions.
Miners can start to mine an empty block many seconds before they have the data needed to fill it, and that advantage in the block mining race apparently is worth more than the 0.3 BTC that they would get by waiting until they can fill the block.  
Even because, in normal traffic conditions, there will be only ~830 new transactions to include, on average, when the miner finally solves the block puzzle; so even if he tried to fill his blocks, he would get only ~0.1 BTC more for the effort.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:44:07
The dust UTXOs could also be considered confiscated by the Bitcoin Treasury and used to extend the block reward schedule.  That would not require any explicit transaction. 
There is nothing that a hard fork cannot do. ;-)
@_date: 2015-08-15 03:16:44
The point is that you are assuming that the attacker only acts, does not react.  That is not how game theory works.
As for being "anti-free market": I do believe in free markets. However, libertarians and ancaps have a totally wrong definition of "free market".  Rejection of libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism does not mean being against free markets; it is almost quite the opposite.
And the "fee market", by the way, will not be a free market at all. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:43:58


Full nodes that don't relay are useless except to themselves; it will make no difference to the rest of the network if they turn SPV.
Full nodes that serve blocks and transactions should have adequate resources, so that they make propagation faster rather than slowing it down.  A relay node with slow connections probably does more harm than good to the network.
@_date: 2017-04-30 12:14:31


I am sorry, but your idea of the LN seems to be very different from what I have seen described by all its proponents over the last year.
Can you at least confirm that, in your LN, users are expected to remain connected to the internet 24/7, and that Alice is obliged to re-send Bob that $10 transaction with the increased tx fee, when Bob asks for it?
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:30:21


... fruitless for most users.


Right now the top 5 pools have 70% of the total hashpower.  The top 4 Chinese pools (who have already shown that they can get together and quickly agree on a common goal) have 55%.
Botnets, GPUs, and ASICS were a threat only because the price got high enough that mining became a financially profitable activity.  If the price was low enough, no one would bother mining for money.  Only people who wanted to use the coin would mine. 


Perhaps.  That would mean that bitcoin is not viable, and some better system would have to be invented.
@_date: 2015-07-14 01:55:52
Well, bitcoin was specifically designed and implemented to be a person-to-person payment system that did not depen on trusted intermediaries or authorities.  Not an investment instrument.  It would not need a 10-minute turnaraound for that, for one thing.  
Bitcoin has no "social contract".  It is a collection of independent and anonymous people, running programs that implement some appropriate variant of the protocol described by Satoshi in his whitepaper.  The system can always change in arbitrary ways, or even split, if those people so decide.  Some of them have more power than others.  The top five mining pools, or even the top four Chinese ones, have enough power to impose changes like the ones above, or even more radical ones, on all other players.  Perhaps they will never use their power, but the temptation$ are formidable.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:12:21
I will accept a 10% commission for the idea, but only in Venezuelan bolivares or some other reliable currency.
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:30:11
The stress testers (coinwallet.eu) obviously converted their 5000 euro budget to BTC beforehand, and surely they have a lot more than that in their wallets.
Any hacker who steals a few hundred BTC might use them to launch such an attack, rather than running the risk being caught while selling them. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 22:28:14
Increase the block size limit to 8 MB.
Require a fixed, non-negotiable transaction fee of 0.2 mBTC (~0.05 USD) for each output of the transaction.
Require every output of a transaction to be at least 0.2 mBTC (~0.05 USD). 
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:18:44
They were offering 1 $ credit for anyone who registered; maybe many kids did.  Now there is a bounty of 25 $ for anyone who recommends a new user who buys at least 100 $ through them.  I can think of a few ways that a class of 100 high school kids can earn 2500 $ (and bump Coinbase's count by 100) after borrowing 100 $ for a while.  ;-)
Seriously, Coinbase and Blockchain.Info never say how many *active* users they have, for a meaningful definition of "active".
Not to mention that someone who buys 0.1 BTC at Coinbase and spends or sells it through Coinbase, without ever withdrawing it to an address of his own, is not really a "bitcoin user"
@_date: 2015-07-26 23:36:53
His mistake was to think that "deflationary" would be an advantage.  (I cannot fault him for that: I thought so myself before seeing what happened to bitcoin.)   
If bitcoin had a built-in negative interest fee that made it unattractive as investment, no one would want to hold for long, and its price would have been determined solely by its demand for use as currency -- which, even with the most optimistic estimates, would still be in the single digits today.
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:46:08
Are they actually functioning?
Is coinwallet.eu related to coinwallet.co?
@_date: 2015-07-07 05:49:56
Setting the transaction fee to ~0.02 USD (say, 0.0001 BTC) for each input or ouput would be an interesting first step to regularizing the situation.
I believe that it would immediately eliminate 90% of the traffic, or more.  That would postpone the need for increasing the block size limit by a couple of years at least.
But, please, that fee should be THE fee, not the minimum or recommended fee.  It should be included in the 'consensus rules' so that miners cannot set their own fees.  Higher fees should be declared invalid, just like lower fees, so that the miners would not have any reason to process transactions out of the order in which they arrived.
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:40:31
With or without a backlog, the average wait time for clients depends only on when the clients enter the queue, when blocks are mined, and the size of those blocks.  Twiddling the priorities, by fees or any other criterion, will not change the overall average waiting.  So, with respect to time, priority twiddling is a zero-sum game: the gain for one client will be the loss of another.  The only effect will be to make  them spend more in fees, *randomly*, and often spend *more* only to end waiting *more*.
If you are worried about node load, consider that the nodes will have, besides 500 miners fetching the top 2500 transactions to fill their blocks, also 10000 clients fetching the entire queue several times each -- first to try compute the proper fee, then to follow the progress of their transaction.  And then each client re-issuing the same transaction several times with incerasing fee.
Clients who cannot afford to download the information needed to compute the proper fee may risk paying too much or waiting extra time, no matter how important is their tx.  With dynamic fees, clients who cannot remain connected for hours will suffer bigger delays than gamblers or tumblers who are permanently on line.
As said earlier, the steady state will not be T &gt;= C, but rather T = 0.80 x C, or thereabouts; when traffic jams are just frequent enough and bad enough to keep usage from growing.  Then, while the network is not saturated, the fees and fee adjustment mechanisms will be useless (just a waste of money by clients who cannot estimate the fee, and put a large one just in case).  During a jam, as said before, the "smart wallets" will not work because they don't have the necessary data and, are fighting thousands of adversaries like them that are trying to outsmart them.  The average delay caused by the jam will not change.  The fees will increase, but by an unpredictable amount, which may or may not be significant for the miners.
To follow the good and time-tested business practices above, the transaction fee should be the same for everybody (no free transactions), fixed in the 'consensus' rules (so that miners and nodes cannot change it).  It must change as infrequently as possible, so that clients know it in advance (so that, for example, a payment processor can make their budget plans and tell its clients what its fees will be).  It should be large enough to discourage spam attacks and non-payment uses of the network, but not so large that it will impact the cost of typical payments.  (Forget micropayments; the bitcoin protocol was not designed for them and cannot support them.)  
The fee should also be based on parameters that the client can understand and control, not internal quantities like byte size and UTXO age. There should be no mysterious, discontinuous, and hard-to-control rules like requiring a fee only for payments below a certain threshold.  Since the user has no control over the UTXOs that it receives, only on those that he issues, the fee should depend only on the outputs.  (Note that since each UTXO is generated once and spent once, its cost can be recovered from the sender only or from the receiver only, without risk of someone abusing the system for free.)
@_date: 2015-07-08 01:26:36


It should be fixed, but I don't see how it can.  
Yet, in their typical modus operandi, the "new core devs" will ignore all warnings and will force the problem to occur so that they can use the solution that they haven't yet figured out how to build.
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:37:10
But the "fee market" will NOT be a functioning free market.  It will be like that supermarket above, or like the [Satoshi Bus Lines](  
The crazy fee auction that the small-blockians are dying to see cannot find the right price, because the "right" price will be changing from block to block, and the clients do not knwo what the price will be.  Look around at how real markets find the right price: ***suppliers choose the price***, they ***tell clients what the price is***, ***give them the item when they pay that price***, ***first-come-first-served***; and ***adjust the price every now and then*** so as to maximize their revenue.
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:03:23


The protocol cannot depend on other players behaving as they "should".  They are supposed to act in whatever way they like.  The economic incentives in the protocol are supposed to induce them to act in ways that are good for the system.  If they choose a non-optimal strategy, that is their problem only.  If the incentives are such that their optimal strategy is bad for bitcoin, that is a flaw of the protocol, not of their mothers.
@_date: 2015-08-14 12:20:07


A minimum fee is not at all a reduction of capacity/supply.  If it was, its value would depend on the demand; but it doesn't, except during traffic surges (basically, the recent stress tests).  
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:00:09


It was invented by Satoshi, and AFAIK there is no efidence that he was any of those things.  (Yes, I know about the genesis block quote.  It is not a political statement, but only a proof of date.  At best it is evidence that he subscribed The Times.)  Even if he hated big banks, that does not mean anything - communists and socialists hate big banks too...
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:43:27
He knew that he was insolvent since he started to delay withdrawals, months before the collapse.  He was still denying in Jan/2014 when we now know that he knew he was.
@_date: 2015-07-13 07:23:45
No, if the blocksize limit is increased the average fee will stay the same, because fees are irrelevant as long as the traffic is well below the capacity.  
The fees will increase only if the network capacity is artificially limited while the traffic increases towards it.  At some point "traffic jams" will occur regularly during peak hours, and only then the "fee market" will arise.
Imagine a supermarket manager that decides to limit the number of cashiers in order to create long lines, so that clients are forced to pay him bribes for permission to jump to the front of the line.  That is the idea behind the plan to keep the block size limit at 1 MB. 
Sounds stupid?  Well, it is.
@_date: 2015-07-26 08:26:38


That is what I meant: the devs think like hackers, not like businessmen. ;-D
The knapsack problem arises only if the incoming traffic is greater than the capacity of the network, so there is a backlog of unconfirmed transactions that is not only bigger than the block size limit but also steadily growing.  
But that situation that should be avoided at all costs, because it means that most transactions will be delayed for hours -- or even never serviced -- no matter how much they pay.  
If the network is far from saturation, then the entire queue will usually fit into the next block.  In that case, if  the fees are not too small, the miner's optimal strategy is to include all transactions from the queue into his block.
But unfortunately the new devs actually *want* the network saturate -- partly because of what they promised their investors, but surely also because they have invented several clever hacks to deal with backlogs (RBF, CPFP, fee estimators, etc.) and,  being hackers, they are *dying* to see them spin and blink... 
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:06:16
AFAIK, in the two previous "bug forks" the software switch was mostly over in less than 24 hours, because Gavin contacted the major miners and nodes and made them aware of the bug.   
So, if it is a real unquestionable emergency, the block size may be increased in a few days.  However, there are some who actually *want* the network to be congested -- because their business plans require pushing users to another network, or for other reasons.  Those players may refuse to increase and may try to convince miners to keep rejecting blocks &gt;1 MB.
@_date: 2015-07-30 15:12:43


But it is too small: 2.5 US cents per simple transaction, at 0.2 mBTC/kB (which is the fee needed to get past the current "test"). My proposal is to increase it so that the *minimum* is at least 5 times more.  That would have made the recent attacks 5 times more expensive.
Charging per kB only makes sens if and while there is a backlog, so that the miners have to solve a knapsack problem to choose what transactions to process. But the whole point of increasing the blocksize limit is to prevent backlogs, that should be avoided like the plague.  
If there is no backlog -- which, I repeat, should be always the case --, the optimum greedy strategy for each miner is to take *all* the transactions in the queue and put them into his block.  Then it does not matter whether the fees are by kB or by output (which would make the most business sense) or even a flat fee for any tx.  In fact, *every* transaction will be processed in the next block, even if it pays only the minimum fee.
@_date: 2015-07-05 09:42:43
Bugs too never sleep.  Core devs do.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:38:03
I post serious stuff here, satire to Looking at your posts, one would say that you are paid by Blockstream.
@_date: 2015-07-26 21:28:00


Well, here is [one comment where he claims 1:10000 LN:BN and 100 million users in 5 years, when the block size could be lifted to 2 MB](  Anything else in particular you say that he did not say?


Merchants in the US not accept payments from sites that are not US-licensed money service providers.  I bet that the first two hubs in the US will have names that start with 'C' and end with 'e', and they will not relay payments from or to hubs that do not do AML/KYC.  You will have to use one hub (or set of hubs) for most of your purchaes, and anoter hub for gambling and such, with no direct connection between the two.   


Sorry, it is who hasn't understood yet what bitcoin was created for. Figthing the state and evading the law never was bitcoin's goal.  The libertarians and anarchists thought that it would serve that purpose, and decided that it had been created for them.    As the FBI stated and facts have proved, bitcoin is actually good for catching criminals that the state wants to catch.


No, I DON'T think that "bitcoin's advantage is low fees".  Bitcoiners still say that when trying to sell bitcoin to the unwary.  Bitcoin's reason to exist is stated in the whitepaper.  Fees *should* be low because mining should not be profitable enough to be industrialized.  But that is another problem.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:11:07
The scales of "Transaction Value per Period" seem to be switched: the values should range up to a few 100 BTC, while the "observations" should be in the millions.
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:45:42
From [this site]( comes [this chart](
@_date: 2017-04-08 05:27:36


The way AsicBoost works has been known since 2006.  And it is not true that SegWit destroys it.  It only prevents one way of using AsigBoost.


Nice try, but it is pretty clear who the bad actor is.
@_date: 2017-04-29 15:24:53


It is not just a "risk".  With mining centralized as it is now, the bitcoin protocol does not make any sense.  The top 6-8 companies should stop mining and instead keep the blockchain as a traditional mirrored database, without the PoW stuff.  
It would be just as (in)secure and (non) trustless as the current bitcoin, but infinitely cheaper for them and better for everybody.


It seems that you still do not understand what bitcoin is.


There is no way to get a general community of users to reach a consensus on anything.  That was the obstacle that kept many bright people searching in vain during 25 years for a working design of a distributed payment network that did not need a trusted intermediary in every transaction.
Satoshi's bright idea was: **let the users mine, and let their consensus be defined by majority vote weighted by mining power**.   And indeed, **IF** mining power had been widely dispersed and anonymous, his solution would have worked: it provided good incentives for the users -- meaning the miners -- to converge to a consensus; not deterministically, but with probability fast approaching 100%. 
If you "evolve" that protocol so that the consensus is no longer defined by majority vote of mining power, you are rejecting Satoshi's idea and you are back to where the problem was before 2008: **you don't have a distributed p2p payment system that works** (not in the deterministic sense, not even in a provable probabilistic sense).
(Actually there were still a couple of technical flaws in his solution, such as the lack of incentive for tx propagation. But those are dwarfed by the economic flaws that led to centralization of mining.)


The cause of centralization was not a technical flaw, but an economic one. In every industry there are many factors that make a big company more efficient than two companies half its size.  Thus, every market has a tendency to evolve into a monopoly, or into a closed oligopoly of cooperating companies.  Most of these centralizing factors are independent of the nature of the product, the technology used by the suppliers, or the users individual choices.
Centralization is prevented in many markets by other factors, such as transportation cosrs and the need for customized services for diverse segments of the market due to differences in language, laws, customs, etc.   If those "natural" factors are not enough, anti-trust legislation may be enacted.  **But none of those anti-centralization factors exists in the case of bitcoin.**


Those centralization factors cannot be "fixed", and haven't.  On the contrary, the only significant thing that happened in that arena during the last three years was that decision-making about changes in the protocol became centralized too, in one private company with unknown business plans.
@_date: 2015-07-07 07:07:49


If the miners (all of them, note) got 50 k$/day, about 90% of the hashpower would have to be turned off.  Anyone who bought or rented 10% of that junk could overwhelm the remaining 5% of the network.


The number of transactions per day has been increasing since last July, but strangely the BTC and USD volume did not follow.  Therefore that increase must be mostly spam or other small transactions.  Even so, the fees increased only from ~15 BTC/day to ~20 BTC/day. (The stress tests provided a temporary spike to 30 BTC/day on June 20, and a bigger one right now.) That still is dwarfed by the 3600 BTC/day of the block reward.  If the minimum fee was set to (say) 0.05 USD, most of that spam traffic would disappear, and the total fees would be *less* than what they are now.


I cannot even get a consistent set of numbers for the bitcoin economy over the next 5 years, that does not include a crash to single-digit prices...
@_date: 2017-04-14 00:56:07


@_date: 2015-07-13 05:08:25


Like, calling others "dictators" -- for not agreeing to the core devs plans to let bitcoin saturate, and for seeking the approval of the community before proposing some changes that would keep bitcoin usable for another few years?... 8-/
@_date: 2015-07-09 02:40:07


The formation of miner cartel is not really a proposal, of course, just a possible event -- IMHO, a rather likely one.
@_date: 2015-07-14 04:59:07


Luke Dashjr said 1 blockchain transaction per user every 6 months. Adam claimed 10'000 x in a recent comment. ...
... except that they cannot explain how it would actually work (not the implementation details, just how the users would perform payments using it.  
Considering their claims about the "fee market", and the documents and slides that they told me to read, I must conclude that they are just dreaming.  Like those guys who seriously plan colonies on Mars or the terraforming of Venus.  On paper, skipping over an inconvenient details details, it may seems to work. But I have no evidence that they are anywhere near a design that actually can work.  Like this [classical Sid Harris cartoon](
Moreover, seeing the complexity of the parts that they intend to use, it is obvious that it will be very hard to put them together and package them so that the system will be as easy to use as bitcoin (which is already too complicated to compete with PaPal and the like).  And it seems to have many little usability problems, like having to keep your bitcoins locked in the system for months in order to get those claimed scalability features, and hubs having to borrow tons of bitcoins to set up their channels.
Considering that Adam &amp; Co. do not see any problem in requiring bitcoin users to do "fee hopscotch" to get their transactions through the daily traffic jams, it is a good bet that their "overlay network" will be usable as an electric car that, instead of batteries, has a *very long* power cable connected to an outlet. 


In the LN, payments will have to go through hubs.  In theory anyone coud set up a hub and any person can connect to any hub.  In practice, there will be perhaps two hubs licensed to operate in the US -- let's call them "Coinbase" and "Circle", for no particular reason -- who will of course require AML/KYC from any one who connects to them.  If you want to buy coffee at Starbucks, you will have to go through your hub Coinbase and then through Circle, because Starbucks will have only a channel to Circle, and will not bother to open additional channels just for you. If Coinbase, for some reason, thinks that you should not drink Starbucks coffee, they will just block your payment, and that will be it.  Hubs outside the US will refuse to serve clients in the US, you know why.  


... because the costs of running the hubs (servers, salaries, internet and electricity bills, insurance, marketing, debt interest, computer security, AML services...) will be entirely paid by their investors, day after day -- like bitcoin users have grown used to?  Or paid by the staff themselves, to relieve their consciences of the guilt of working for an oligopoly protected by the state?
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:50:52
A "normal" amount should be an amount that can be fully processed by the next block.  The 1 MB blocks could fit ~2500 average-size (400 B) transactions.  However some miners (like BitFury) will not take more than ~300 transactions even when the queues are full; so if there are more than 300 unconfirmed transactions, there is a chance that some of them may have to wait for the second-next block or later blocks.  Or until who knows when, if replace-by-fee is deployed...
A service like bitcoin should not consider even for a second the option of operating near its maximum capacity.  The capacity must be expanded so that it is not exceeded even at peak hours or during long block intervals.
The small-blockians plan to intentionally let the network become congested makes as much sense as a  supermarket closing some cashiers so that there will be long lines so that the cashiers can take bribes to let customers jump the line.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 04:13:30


You seem to be confusing all the time "big block attack" and "spam attack".  They are two completely different things.  We were discussing big block attacks.  What is happening is a spam attack.


Rather:  *Some* hard block size limit is necessary for practical programming reasons and to protect against big block attacks. Period.  The question is only what it should be.  A smaller limit makes spam attacks cheaper.  Therefore the size limit should be just small enough to prevent big block attacks, and any other severe problems that may be caused by big blocks; but not smaller.  
1 MB is way too small, as we have seen.  8MB is of course better, and still seems small enough to prevent big block attacks.  The Chinese miners say that 20 MB would cause problems for them.  But, even with 8 or 20 MB blocks, spam attacks are still only 20 x more expensive than now.  Even with 8 or 20 MB blocks, it would be prudent to raise the minimum fee to some significative value, say 0.05 USD. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:12:35
The 3600 BTC that the miners create each day are not the cost.  The cost is the 1 million dollars that the miners get by selling those BTC (or, as KnC is doing, by selling IOU's for those BTC).  
Those are actual dollars, that new investors (people who are increasing their holdings) take out of their pockets.  That is the *only* source of money that goes into the "bitcoin economy". Those dollars go to the miners -- partly into their pockets, partly to pay their bills -- and will never come back to the "bitcoin economy". 
The network is sustained exclusively by that 1 million dollars per day.  Without that inflow of money, the price would collapse, and miners would stop mining. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 15:38:17
Right now the proof of work is a "nonce" N such that hash(N,B,H) starts with lots of zeros; where B is the rest of  the block being mined, and H is the hash of the previous block.  The proposal is change that to hash(N,B,H,C,v) where C is evidence that the contents of the previous block was verified by a miner, and v is the protocol version.
@_date: 2015-07-04 22:16:03
Yes, sorry. Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2015-07-15 03:43:40
Honestly, I cannot understand your comments.  Could you please be more explicit in your questions?
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:46:10


Do you have the quote?
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:18:11


Indeed, the current bitcoin network cannot be sustained by its users.  
I can think of one solution, but it would be totally unpopular...
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:59:22


@_date: 2015-07-29 20:14:23


On the contrary, there is no point in trying to peg the value of one coin to the other.  Just look at what happens when countries try to do that with their national currencies.  
Aren't libertarians all in favor of freedom of choice and "let the free market decide"?  Why, when it comes to currencies, do they suddently switch to "aut Ecclesia, aut nihil"?
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:31:51


I found that word in that sentence.  Bitcoin already keeps public keys anonymous.  I am still looking for tumbling and CoinJoin.  Where do you see "prevent law enforcement from tracing coins and identifying the owners"?
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:25:35


Yes, day-traders love volatility and hate when prices are stable.
There are [first-hand reports]( that he Chinese speculators who drove the Nov/2013 rally (and have been pretty much in control of the price since then) were formerly amateur commodity day-traders, used to speculate on things like tea or garlic.  Shortly after Huobi and OKCoin opened in Beijing, those traders discovered bitcoin, and immediately fell in love with it because of its huge volatility compared to other tradeable things.  
Bitcoin is still very far from stable.  Foreign currency traders are used to making profits from 1% changes or less.   The price of bitcoin can jump up or down by 5% or more several times per day; it is still gold for the day-traders.
@_date: 2015-07-24 18:28:59
["Winklevoss twins: Bitcoin will explode beyond $1 trillion"](
@_date: 2015-08-02 08:27:41
Well, maybe with a good lawyer...
I recall that, in the fine print, the Neo &amp; Bee "shares" were not equity (title of property of a slice of the company) but "profit-only shares": they entitled the owner to a share of the *profit* to be made by N&amp;B *during the first two years*.  
That was a very original way to say "nothing": since N&amp;B did not have any profit in its existence, the owners of the "shares" were not entitled to anything.  
I doubt that they could prove that Daniel violated some contractual obligation when he used the firm's capital to buy a Bentley, rent his apartment, buy gifts for his fiancée, etc..  
Since the "shares" were bought with bitcoin from an anonymous middleman through an irregular "exchange" in Panama, the shareholders may even have trouble proving that they bought them. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 15:04:02
Here is [the original message]( to the dev mainling list, if anyone cares.  Methinks it was just a prank.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:46:22
You mean 350 petahashes per second, or 350'000'000 gigahashes per second.  
That will be true only if the price remains at the current level.  If it were to fall to ~27 $/BTC for some reason, then maybe only 10% of the mining equipment would continue in use, at 35 PH/s only.  The rest of the mining equipment, capable of 315 PH/s, could be bought at scrap metal prices by any party (or parties) who wanted to mess up the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:38:29
That was a terrible proposal, sorry.  The author just included the whole Wikipedia article (which does not use the symbol once), emails discussing the logo design, an even a price table where the symbol is not used at all!  
He missed the point completely.  The UNICODE committee does not care whether bitcoin is gold or dung, it only wants to know whether the symbol has been sufficiently used IN TEXT (not as a logo!) to warrant a precious code point.
@_date: 2015-08-14 12:21:21
Sorry it it wasn't clear, that is what I meant by


@_date: 2017-04-02 01:35:47
The Winkles were not trying to use government to spread a scam (Stock exchanges are private companies, surely you know that).  
The government was preventing them from spreading the bitcoin scam, but the Winkles hoped they would get through that ETF loophole.  Fortunately the SEC did not fall for that.
@_date: 2015-07-26 23:45:48


I could I have written that myself.  I hate censorship (whether for political or copyright reasons), oppressive governments, abusive vigilance, and all that.  But I am basically a socialist, and have no respect at all for libertarianism or anarchism - to put it mildly.


To me this comment sounds like he was NOT a libertarian, but though that libertarians would like it.
The firm belief that Satoshi was a libertarian/anarchist, based only on two or three ambiguous quotes, is one of the most ridiculous aspects of the "bitcoin cult"...
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:47:43
Do you mean F2Pool blacklisted by some nodes for "acting in their best iinterests"?  I don't think that nodes are doing that.  Apparently all Chinese pools, and quite probably all pools, do that with each other.  Any pool that behaves like mama Greg taught them, and does not mine on top of  a block before receiving the whole block and validating it, will be less profitable than one that steals hashes and starts mining immediately on them.   A member will earn less money if he joins a good-boy pool than if he joins a hash-stealing pool.
Besides, any miner can set up thousands of relay nodes, that may not verify anything, and relay their blocks while ignoring or delaying those of their competitors.
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:17:28
Your reading skills need some polishing.  Just read my recent comments again and you have your answers. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 12:17:12
How did you get your connection?  
@_date: 2015-07-12 11:25:19
That's why the quotes.  The "new" are those who took control of the Core after Gavin stepped aside.
@_date: 2015-08-13 23:03:10


Suppose that the limit is raised to 8 MB.  Why would an 8 MB block be generated?
+ **A miner creates bogus 8 MB blocks** filled with spam that he generated himself, in order to get some advantage over other miners (!?) or to harm other players (?).
However the block size LIMIT has been 1 MB since 2010 or so, when the network bandwidth scene was surely much worse than today.  Yet, AFAIK, there have been no instances of 1 MB blocks being generated with such evil purposes.  Even today, the average block size is ~500 kB.  Blocks that approach 1 MB are rare, and AFAIK they are filled with transactions taken from the queue, rather than bogus transactions generated by the miner himself.
So why would raising the limit (even to a miser 2 MB) suddenly create the risk of an evil miner creating blocks near the limit?  Something does not compute...
+ **A spam attack creates a backlog in the queues, and miners start generating 8 MB blocks**
There is no effective defense against spam attacks by entities with deep enough pockets; all one can do is try to make them more expensive to the attacker, and resume normal operation more quickly once the attack stops.  
As we saw with the recent stress tests, a 200 MB backlog can be created with very little expense.  Because of the 1 MB limit, empty blocks, and the soft block size limits, the clearance between today's normal traffic T (from memory, ~450 kB/block) and the effective capacity C of the network (~750 kB/block) is very small (~300 kB/block).  A spammer needs only to issue more than C - T transactions to create a backlog and to keep it growing.  Once the attack stops, the backlog will be cleared at the rate of ~300 kB every 10 minutes.  
Raising the block size limit to 8 MB would hopefully increase the clearance C - T to 6 MB/block or more.  Thus, a spam attacker would have to issue 20 times more trasactions per second just to create a backlog and keep it growing.   Once the attack stops, the backlog will be cleared at the rate of 6 MB/block, i.e. 20 times faster than today.
Those recent traffic surges were clearly stress tests, not spam attacks, because they used fixed low fees (0.2 mBTC/kB).  In order to effectively clog the network, an attacker would have to raise his fees too as the clients raised theirs, trying to always keep enough of his transactions at the front of the queue to fill most of the next block.  
For example, suppose that there are only 50 kB of transactions in the queue with fees greater than 3 mBTC/kB.  If the attacker issues ~750 - 50 = ~700 kB of spam transactions with that fee, then only those 50 kB of legitimate transactions will be included in the next block.  By doing this analysis dynamically, the attacker can reduce the capacity of the network to 50 kB/block, every block; so that the remaining 400 kB of legitimate transactions that would normally be processed in each block will add to the backlog.  
Such an attack would be more expensive than the recent stress tests, but the cost per block would still be only 700 kB times the fee that is the 10% highest percentile of the fees issued (or reissued) by the clients between two blocks.  As before, once the attack stops, the legitimate transactions that got stranded in the queue will be cleared at the rate of ~300 kB/block.  So, an attack of this type that lasts 10 hours will take at least ~12 hours to clear.  For the transactions issued during the attack, the average wait W of first confirmation would be ~10 hours, instead of ~10 minutes -- no matter what the clients do with their fees.
On the other hand, suppose that the limit were raised to 8 MB, and that the effective capacity is at least 6 MB/block.  An attacker who wanted to get the same effect (reduce the effective capacity to 50 kB/block, so that the other 400 kB/block of normal traffic will join the backlog) would have to issue ~5.95 MB/block of spam transactions, all with the same fee as in the previous scenario.  Thus, the attack would be ~8 times more expensive for the attacker.  Once the attack stops, if the backlog is the same as in the other scenario, it will be cleared at the rate of ~5.55 MB/block, or ~18 times faster.  The backlog created by a 10-hour attack could be cleared in less than 1 hour. The average wait W for affected trasnactions may be ~6 hours. 
It is assumed that a spam attacker will prepare his "ammunition" beforehand in such a way that it will be impossible to distinguish his transactions from legitimate ones.  Therefore, all his spam transactions will have to be included in the blockchain anyway.  
As for blockchain bloating, we can compare the two options by fixing the attacker's goal -- say, to reduce the effective capacity to 50 kB/block for 10 hours -- and then assume that (a) in each case, the attacker uses the minimum traffic needed to achieve that goal.  With 1 MB limit, the blockchain will grow by 22 x 6 blocks with ~750 kB/block.  With 8 MB limit, it will grow by 12 x 6 blocks with ~6 MB/block.  In both cases, it will then resume normal growth with ~450 kB/block.
Or, instead, we can fix that same goal, but assume that (b) the attacker has the same budget in both cases, sufficient to carry out the attack with 8 MB limit -- namely, to issue 5.95 MB of spam every 10 minutes.  WIth the 8 MB limit, the outcome will be as described above.  With 1 MB limit, on the other hand, the same budget will let the attacker push ~700 kB of spam into each block, and also add to the backlog 5.95 - 0.70 = ~5.25 MB of spam every 10 minutes, with a fee that is higher than all the ~400 kB of legitimate traffic that were sent to the backlog in that interval.  Thus, once the 10 hour attack stops, the backlog will take ~190 hours to clear, and the legitimate traffic will be processed gradually during that time span.  Then the blockchain will grow with ~ 200 x 6 blocks of ~750 kB average, and the mean waiting time W will be ~100 hours.
+ The third possibility is that **the natural traffic itself will grow to fill a large fraction of the 8 MB limit**.  That is not expected to happen for several years.  Even if traffic doubles every year (as it did in the past 12 months), with an 8 MB limit it will take 3 years for it to reach 3.6 MB/block.  By then, an artificial 1 MB block size limit would be forcing 95% of the potential usage to other alternatives: off-chain "bitcoin banks" like Coinbase and Circle, altcoins, or (much more likely) traditional methods like banks, Paypal, and credit cards.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:11:37
They already start mining an empty block before they have the transactions that will go into it anyway.  The verification of those transactions is suposed to happen in parallel with the mining, and verified transactions are added to the block being mined.  As soon as the mining succeeds, they publish the block as it is, and move on to the next.
@_date: 2015-07-19 09:15:47
There is no "community". Bitcoin is just a protocol.  People *use* it, do not *join* it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:46:55
I know. 8-D
@_date: 2015-07-26 14:58:22


Think again.  Why people normally open an account in only one bank?  
The LN situation is even worse because the coins are *locked* in the channel until the  timeout.  The choice is between locking one's salary into one channel for one month (at least) or half of one's salary in each of two channels.  
Opening, closing, recharging, withdrawing etc will not only be slow, but also expensive.  The minimum fee for each on-chain transaction will be 4 USD or 1% by the end of 2016, ultimately 8 USD or 2%.
In fact, if the LN is going to serve 20 million users by the end of 2016, it cannot generate more than one on-chain operation per user every 3 months or so.  How is it going to do it?
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:18:51
What is "what"?
As I said in the OP, a flat fee *per output* would make the fees more understandable and acceptable to clients, even to old computer science professors.  
A *significant* minimum fee per transaction would reduce traffic by discouraging many "spurious" uses that are viable only by offloading 100% of the cost to others; that would make it easier to run non-selfish full nodes and postpone saturation by a year or more.  It would also make spam attacks (like this stress test, but hostile) much more expensive, hence unlikely.
A *fixed* and significant fee per output, defined in the 'consensus rules', would also remove many pages of code from the core and from all wallets, an many pages of explanations in btcoin primers. During spam attacks, it would still preserve the approximate first-come-first-served policy, and prevent the attacker from blocking transactions for indefinite periods.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:34:25
"Wall Street *Daily*"
@_date: 2015-07-26 15:38:01
OK. Sorry for that comment, I will be waiting for the layman's view....
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:03:39


No, the reason why the block size limit must be lifted is to prevent the traffic jams that will occur as the traffic will get close to the effective capacity.   It is not to keep fees low.  In fact 
+ Besides raising the block size limit, it would be advisable also to raise the minimum fee and minimum output size to something more significant, like (say) 10-20 cents per tx.  It would still be much less than the actual cost of the network, but it would cut down the "frivolous" traffic, and hopefully encourage miners to process unconfirmed transactions more promptly.
+ If the 1 MB limit is maintained, the resulting saturation will probably **not** result in a decent fee increase.  Instead, the traffic will stop growing when it reaches 70-80% of the capacity.  At that point, users will start dropping out of bitcoin -- not because of high fees, but because of the long unpredictable delays caused by teh frequent traffic jams.  In the periods between traffic jams, all transactions will be processed, even if they pay only the minimum fee.  During the jams, it will be impossible to predict what fee amount will ensure faster confirmation.  users who cannot afford to stay connected after issuing a tx will not know that a jam started and will not adjust their fees.  Others will basically guess fees at random: since the fees cannot change the average delay caused by the jam, many clients will end up paying more *only to wait longer*.  Among the users who will not abandon bitcoin, most will probably just wait for the jams rather than play the "fee auction" game. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 00:05:36
I only saw your comment now.  Please disregard my tweet. 
Now that some nodes are running replace-by-fee, some of the "rejected" transactions are still interesting.  What about showing all three sets: 
+ incoming messages that are formally valid apart from double spending
+ formally valid incoming messages that are rejected for being double spends
+ formally valid incoming messages that replace messages in the queue
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:24:19
That is almost certain. Even Overstock, that initially took a percentage of the payment in BTC from the payment processor, stopped that and now takes only USD.
On the other hand, I wonder why they don't give refunds in USD for clients who paid through BitPay.  
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:44:01
Sorry for the confusion: I meant that tons of bitcoin TA on bitcoin sites is just another indirect eveidence that there are tons of bitcoin day-traders.


Every day there are "investors" (people who buy BTC to increase their bitcoin holdings) and "divestors" (former investors who are cutting down on their bitcoin holdings by selling or spending them).   I would very much like to know the volumes of those two flows.  
The rate that you care about is the difference J between investment and divestment, the *net* new investment, per day.  Even that is hard to estimate.
Since the the miner's output is more or less constant and positive, it cannot explain the day-to-day price swings.  The volume of net investment obviously varies a lot, and it is often much larger than the X bitcoins per day that the miners dump on the markets.   (X is some fraction of 3600 BTC/day, perhaps 1800 BTC/day or more, which is the estimated cost of mining to the miners.) That is, if the price goes *up* by 10% on one day, people must have purchased a lot more than X BTC in that day.  If it drops 10% in a day, people must have sold a lot more than X BTC in that day.  
How *much* more?  The difference J-X should be roughly proprtional to the change D in the price, but the factor relating the two (the 'liquidity' of the market) is not known.
Another unknown is how much investment and divestment is due to speculation at different time scales -- days, weeks, months, years, decades. (Even the long-term holders are counting on spending or selling their coins one day; otherwise, what would be the point of investing?)
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:12:50
What goalposts?
@_date: 2017-04-16 15:05:09


There is no 'good time to buy'. You cannot know what the price will be tomorrow, just as you cannot tell whether the lottery ticket that you are buying will win a prize.  
All you can tell is that, as in a lottery, your expected profit is negative: because the money that people will take out of the "bitcoin investment game" will be a couple billion dollars less than what they put in.  This is independent of what the price is now or will be in the future: it just follows *mathematically* from the fact that there is no other money coming into the "jackpot" than what the investors put in, whereas there is a big leak of money going out to the miners that will not come back to the investors.


Actually I do understand the technology, what it was intended to do, and why it failed to do it -- a lot better than you.  (If you did understand it, you would not be investing in it.)


Bad example.  The Brazilian real is not as good a currency as the dollar or the euro, but is still a fairly good curency and has held up fairly well for the last 15 years.  It works fine for the purposes that money is meant to be used.


Money is not meant to be hoarded.  Only idiots and criminals keep their savings as currency.


... most of them will lose it all eventually. 
@_date: 2017-04-02 13:13:25


I see.  
(What was I thinking?  What sort of people did I expect to find in this subreddit anyway?)
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:24:32
That is bitcoin: whether the fix works or not is not important; as soon as a fix has been imagined, the problem is considered solved...
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:30:55
Coinwallet.eu said earlier that they had ~5000 euros budgeted for the stress test.  Their first attempt failed after ~500 euros because their own servers could not handle the load.  They also had miscalculated and their fees were too small.  This is their second, improved attempt.  Their stated goal is to get 250 MB of unconfirmed transactions in the queues; which, thanks to the 1 MB limit, will take ~10 days to clear. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 16:31:19
Good! Then would you care to tell us how Alice will pay Bill 10 BTC, out of the 200 that she locked in the LN, given that Bill is not an LN user?
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:39:56
All blocks of the blockchain, from that generous transaction on, had to be discarded, and a new blockchain was built by replaying the same transactions -- minus that one, and another one that had moved some of those 91 billion coins.  IIUC, the new branch used a patched version of the software that disabled the opcodes that had the bug.  So, unfortunately, those billions just vanished.
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:03:28
At the bottom of that page there is a list of payment options.  I don't see any bitcoin option there.
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:15:46


When an engineer designs a car, she starts from the goal: transport up to 4-5 people and some baggage over roads -- safely, quickly economically, etc.. She should choose all materials and design all parts to best fit that goal.  
That car may turn out to be usable for other very different purposes, like carrying 10 people or a ton of fish, impressing girls, evading the police after a bank robbery, etc.  However, it almost surely will be far from optimal at those tasks.  A very different purpose almost always calls for a very different design; especially, of course, if the original design is not usable at all for the new purpose.
While designing a car, the engineer must also make many assumptions about how it will be used, and design based on those assumptions.  For example, when choosing the size of the wheels and the kind of tires, she will assume that the car will be used mainly on leveled roads paved with tarmac, cobblestones, or maybe compacted dirt; and design the wheels accordingly.  Again, if she expected the car to be driven over thick snow, quicksand, stairways, or roads paved with Viking helmets, she would choose very different wheels.  And anyone who drives that car over quicksand or Viking helmets will probably be very unhappy with the outcome.
Well, all the parts of the bitcoin protocol were designed to achieve a specific goal: enable person-to-person payments through the internet without the need of a trusted intemediary.  All details of the protocol also assumed that it woudl be used in certain ways: in particular, that mining would be done by the clients themselves, that relay nodes would forward transctions and blocks on a "best effort" basis, etc..
Some of Satoshi's assumptions failed to be true, however.  The most disruptive "surprise" was the industrialization and centralization of mining.  Stritly speaking, bitcoin failed to accomplish its goal, because ordinary users now must trust the miners. 
In the last 6½ years, various people have tried to use bitcoin for purposes that it was not designed to be used for:
+ It was not meant to replace cash, credit cards, bank transfers, Western Union, etc.;
+ It was not meant to support micropayments
+ It was not meant to make banks obsolete
+ It was not meant to diminish the power of central banks
+ It was not meant to evade taxes or enable illegal trade
+ It was not meant to be an investment option or inflation hedge
+ It was not meant to be a gambling tool
+ It was not meant to be an object for day-trading
+ It was not meant to be a backing asset for other currencies or funds
+ It was not meant to be a database for generic data
+ It was not meant to be a replacement for lawyers, courts, notaries, registrars
+ It was not meant to be a settlement network for banks and large corporations
And so on.  Just as a passenger can be used to carry sheep or break into store windows, bitcoin can be (and has been) used for some of those things.  However, since it was not designed for them, it is far from optimal for them. 
Still, up to now those "improper" uses of bitcoin did not totally prevent it being used for its original goal -- "peer-top-peer internet payments" etc.  Is usage for that purpose is still very small, much smaller than what the "salesment" claim it to be; but it is not negligible, and sort of works as intended (apart from the volatility, concentration of mining, and other ills).
However, now  Blockstream wants to repurpose bitcoin to be a settlement channel for "bitcoin banks" (or hubs, or whatever they call them), and *render it unusable for its original goal*.  They intend to do that by keeping the capacity limited, so that the expected saturation will force bitcoiners to use off-chain solutions instead.
This is dishonest and stupid.  If their "business plans" require a settlement network for their "bitcoin banks", they shoudl go back to the drawing board and design one from scratch, starting from *that* goal.  
@_date: 2015-07-05 14:00:02
If the top 5 Chinese miners teamed up to postpone the next halving by two years, they could get ~200 million dollars of extra revenue, at the current price.  How is that for an "unexplainable motivation"?
The standard reply to that is "they will not want to do that because it would destroy confidence in the coin, everybody would dump their holdings, and it would crash the price, so they would lose money".  Care to guess how many bitcoiners would actually dump their holdings? (Easier warm-up question: how many Americans burned their dollars when the US government abandoned the gold standard?) 
@_date: 2015-07-11 11:04:56


Merely ordering the transactions would not prevent double-spends by erasing past transactions from the records.  One would still need a blockchain and PoW to prevent that.


First, economically powerful users can do much worse than queue jumping.  Robustness against powerful players was lost when mining became industrialized.   That problem will be solved only by a price crash that makes centralized industrial mining unprofitable.
Second, that claim about "new devs'" intentions is false.  They have already said explicitly that they *don't* care for casual users, and in fact their goal is to turn bitcoin into a tool   for hubs of the overlay network -- which will be economically powerful entities. 
Indeed, during traffic jams, the "fee market" will make it ***much easier*** for economically powerful users to trample the casual, unsophisticated, and busy clients.  
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:26:27
So you are doing ~100 transactions per day, very good. It would be too much to ask for the average transaction value, I suppose.
@_date: 2016-02-01 23:49:10
How bitcoin works:
1. Bitcoin is a system run by miners for their own benefit.
2. Miners and non-mining users should pay fees to convince miners to include their transactions in the blockchain.
3. The right blockchain is the valid blockchain with maximum proof-of-work.
4. A blockchain is valid if the software that I am running says it is valid.
5. I choose the bitcon software that I run.
The only complicated item is 5.  Choosing is often hard and distressing.
@_date: 2017-04-01 18:36:35




I gave plenty of evidence for that claim.  


You still are a shameless liar.
@_date: 2017-04-02 08:17:57


Well, what can I say?  It is quite the opposite.  National currencies render a great service to mankind.  Gold (as investment) and bitcoin have, on the balance, contributed only more misery and more injustice.
By the way, "fiat" is pejorative badge-language of goldbugs.  Bitcoiners have inherited it from them, but they shouldn't have.  Bitcoin is in fact a particularly pure example of a fiat currency.


Absolutely not.  The whitepaper says very clearly why it was created, and it was not for that.  Forgive me for not elaborating, but I got tired of repeating the obvious...


It makes no difference, since the price of one GLD share is (and is meant to be) pratically the same of that of 0.1 oz of gold.




COIN would have been a stupid investment because Bitcoin is a stupid investment, like lottery tickets are a stupid investment.  
Trying to convince people that an investment is good, when it is known to be bad, is a scam.  The goal of COIN was to make it easy to convince naive investors that bitcoin (wrapped as COIN shares) was a good investment.


Why do you think that it is "unkillable"?  
Madoff's ponzi fund survived more than 25 years and reached a market cap of 60 billion USD.  Then it suddenly popped.


Read my letter to the SEC.


It isn't.  Right now it is $100 less than it was 3.5 years ago, and $200 less than 1 month ago.   It looks like the the situation after the Nov/2013 bubble...


That is a lie to put kids to sleep while the ground floor of the house is under six feet of water...
In fact, one symptom that bitcoin is dead is that the official "theology" -- the official description of the protocol and the arguments that would prove its security -- is becoming increasingly incoherent and absurd.   For example, it now incorporates and depends on lies like "users own the network, not the miners", "the full but non-mining relays are essential for the network's security", "hard forks are evil, soft forks are good", "the 21 M coin cap cannot be changed"  -- and "we can fire the miners by changing the PoW formula". 
@_date: 2015-07-19 03:56:13
Mining is a very peculiar industry because the total revenue of all suppliers is fixed, independently of their actions.  Right now, mining yields a total of about 1 million dollars per day.  The amount will vary with the BTC price and the fee policy, but it is likely to be of that order of magnitude for a couple of years (barring a catastrophic price crash).
Whenever there is that amount of money flowing into some activity, that activity is likely to become industrialized.  (See Brock Pierce's billion-dollar company that took over the "mining" of WoW videogame money and points.) An expected revenue of (say) 1000 $/day makes it worth spending a couple hundred thousand dollars to acquire special equipment, build proper installations,  hire personel, etc..  
So, in order to end industrialized mining, the total revenue possible from mining would have to be too small to justify buying specialized hardware for it.  Assuming 240'000 clients who bother to mine on their PC or laptop, for 1 hour per day, they would have the equivalent of 100 GH/s total, 24/7.  To make "industrial" mining unprofitable, the total mining revenue would have to be less than 10 $/day (otherwise it would be profitable to buy a 100 GH/s mining rig, which would get 50% of the total mining revenue).  So, in order to prevent industrialization of mining, the BTC price would have to be 1/100'000 of what it is today: less than 0.3 US cents.
Moreover the industry will tends  concentrated, because economies of scale.  Individual miners have an incentive to deploy more hardware, as long as it is profitable, to capture a larger slice of that fixed revenue.  However, that reduces the revenue of all other miners.  The miner who has more capital can get a bigger slice of the revenue pie, hence collect more capital; while his smaller competitors will become less profitable, and will eventually drop out of the market.
Because of the fixed revenue, the market for chips is limited too.  Suppose that a manufaturer captures 90% of the market by selling 1 million chips of a new efficient design. Each chip will earn ~1 $/day of revenue to its owner, or ~730 $ in two years, before costs; which might justify a price of 100 $/chip, or 100 M$ for the chip maker.  If the company sold 1 billion of chips instead, each chip would produce only 0.0001 $/day, or 0.72 $ in two years; and the price of each chip would have to be 0.10 $, and the chip maker would still collect only 100 M$ -- at 1000 times the cost.
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:22:48
The key number is only 42'000 transactions and 20 million USD processed for e-commerce in 2014.  That is less than 120 transactions per day, ***worldwide***.  Even if we use the most pessimistic estimates for the number of bitcoin "users", we conclude that only one in every 10 "users" made *one* purchase through BitPay *in the entire year*.
"Joke" does not quite convey the absurdity of the above claim.
For another analysis of these same numbers, see [This article]( by .
@_date: 2015-07-26 15:34:54


Yes, I am making those numbers up. The real cost of the network, currently supported by block rewards, is  8 $/tx.  The miners will lose half of that revenue at the next halving; if they can't get it from fees, half of the hashrate will have to be turned off.  
One small-blockian claimed that the typical tx fee will be 30 $/tx when the LN will be in place.  Another one guessed 100 $/tx.  But I don't see how the fees could ever get that high.


Closing and re-opening will require 2 on-chain transactions, and will require the hub to agree to it.  If the reason why you want to change is that the hub is being nasty...


You don't lock your entire salary into gift cards, and don't pay 4-8$ of fees for each.


It isn't either, because you don't lock a fixed fraction of your salary with each card.  


Yes, I find that idea ridiculous too.  But if bitcoin will still have only 200'000 real users by that time, why would they use the LN at all?  
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:08:25
Tyson [tweeted from a supposedly verified account](
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:04:41
Sorry, I misremembered the number that I had posted previously.
On [this plot]( one can see that the fees usually add to ~20 BTC/day, but during the last "stress test" (before this one), from July 7 to July 19, there was an excess of 
  9 + 25 + 30 + 22 + 19 + 17 + 26 + 14 + 8 + 8 + 7 + 5 + 25 = 215 Ƀ
above that normal level; which, at 280 $/Ƀ, is ~60'000 $ of extra fees.  So, a miner with 20% of the hashrate would have collected ~12'000 $ in extra fees, on top of the 0.20 x 13 x 20 x 280 = 14'560 $ of normal fees and 0.20 x 13 x 3600 x 280 = 2'620'800 $ of block rewards.
@_date: 2015-07-30 03:42:53


You meant "Bitcoin's goals" I suppose.
Sorry, but I cannot buy that "decentralization in danger" story.  Only the Blockstream guys seem to be worried about it, and it only became a terrifying risk after the size issue erupted.
Centralization of mining is already unacceptable, but until a coupel of months ago everybody was calling me a retard for pointing at it.  The number of full nodes has been shrinking for a long time, and no one seemed serioulsy worried about it either.  The evidence that 2 MB or even 8 MB will make any significant difference in those trends is flimsy at best. 


One evidence of the dishonesty of the Blockstream guys is thet they always replace "block size limit" by "block size" in their FUD.
Raising the limit to 8 MB will not increase the block size by one byte.  The average block size will simply continue to grow from the present 400-500 kB to perhaps 600-750 kB by mid 2016, just as it would with 1 MB blocks.  The difference will be that, with 1 MB blocks, starting in early 2016 there will probably occur frequent traffic jams during peak traffic periods; whereas with 8 MB there will be no traffic jams.  
An 8 MB block slze LIMIT may result in larger blocks only during spam attacks.  However, the spam attacks themselves will be much worse for full nodes (and all clients) than the temporary overload due to  those large blocks.  More importantly, with 8MB blocks the spam attacks will be much less likely, because they will be ~10-12 times more expensive to carry out.
@_date: 2015-07-09 18:03:29
I cant find a "search" button.  Are there quotes where he claims to be libertarian?  (I know of one where he says that bitcoin could appeal to the libertarians, if put in the right words.)
@_date: 2015-07-09 01:30:51


People with sufficient understanding will know precisely whose mothers they shoud say un-nice things about, and will stop using bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-29 18:43:02


Of course.  That is true of any business -- even banks and governments.  It would be true even is those 6-8 miners used a traditional database instead of the PoW blockchain.
But the important point is that, if the miners decide to do X with their equipment, they will do X -- even if all users strongly dislike X, and even if X is bad for those miners themselves.  That is what "own the network" means. 


I fully agree, and Satoshi would agree too.  Why don't you reach the conclusion that is obvious to me?


That is again another arrogant assumption of those who need to deny reality.  
Even if all current bitcoin holders, shoppers, and traders were to switch to some other coin, they would be unable to stop the majority miners from mining their blockchain, or calling it "the" Bitcoin blcockhain.   In fact, the deserters cannot even "take their coins awaw" from that blockchain.  The name "bitcoin" cannot be used for both coins for long.  Which one will retain it?  
It is arrogant presumption to assume that the users who choose to switch will get to take the name with them.
Moreover, note that if the rebel altcoin has a different PoW, it cannot be mined by *any* of the current miners.  So, if a mining cartel with 60% of the hashpower decides to raise the reward, and the response of the "community" is to create a blockchain branch with a different PoW, then the other 40% of the miners will imediately join the cartel. 
Note also that some of the largest pools and mines are owned by the same people who own some of the main exchanges.  Thus, if the miners decide to do X, those exchanges can be expected to support them too.


We saw how well that worked when Blockstream took over control of Core and proceeded to cripple the network to suit their plans.
And Blockstream obviously controls Core.  They and their allied companies have hired or contracted the main Core contributors.  While anyone can contribute code, it is Wladimir who decides what gets included in the released version.  Since Blockstream was formed, he has consistently and promptly approved any change that Blockstream wanted -- including SegWit, the most controversial change ever to get included in a Core release -- and blocked any change the Blockstream did not want, such as raising the 1 MB limit.  
We do not know who is payin Wladimir's salary (no, it is not MIT); but, even if his *not* being paid by BS or their investors, he has been acting just as if he was.  The result is the same.
At this point, pretending that Blockstream does not control the Core implementation is either extremely naive or extremely dishonest.
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:10:47


Again, that will not work because the required fees change radically while the traffic jam is in progress.  Look at [this plot]( .  The red line in the top chart is the *estimated* fee to get 60 minute delay (within the next 6 blocks), but computed after the fact.  Note the fast rise when the traffic jam started to develop.  Note the quick drop when it started to clear.  And yet this is still not what will happen in a real traffic jam: the stress test used above-minimum but still rather low fees, so fees above that level got through with no problem.  In a real traffic jam, the baclog will consist of transactions issued by clients like you, possibly using the same smart wallet to estimate the fee that would put them ahead of you...
Think another way: the fees only affect the order in which transactions are processed, but have no effect whatsoever on the average time that a transaction takes to be confirmed.  Whenever a transaction gets bumped enough to enter the next block, some other transaction will be pushed out to wait for the next block.  Therefore, the average benefit that the clients will get from the fees that they pay will be zero.  And clients hate when they pay more, but end up waiting more...
A smart wallet cannot tell you that by paying X you will have a good chance to get into the next block.  Imagine that everybody with a tx in the queue is using that wallet.  Obviously, even if everybody were to pay X, only 2500 will get into the next block.  Sure, not everybody will choose to pay X; but the wallet has no way of estimating how many will do.
The market price cannot be found, because there is no market price; and there is no market price because there is no market.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:41:40
 Indeed. Some clients have been waiting that long for their tx to confirm, and still haven't given up. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:50:01
Just in case you may care to know my opinion about bitcoin, and why I don't love it, [this post]( is a good summary.


Indeed it is, and I apologize for the emotional reaction.  But what about the comment I was replying to -- isn't that trolliing too?


As you say (and thanks fo it), I try to keep most of my posts on constructive: I try to post factual information that others hopefully will find useful, alert to risks that I see and others don't (or don't want to admit), support and propose certain improvements to the software, and explain why I believe that they are good.  
I can't help if I see the Blockstream's plans as being to destroy what is still good in bitcoin, for their own profit or other reasons.
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:29:59


I get such ideas by looking at what happens in the real world.  There is a difference between "wish" and "predict", you know...


"*Commerce on the Internet has come to rely almost exclusively on financial institutions serving as trusted third parties to process electronic payments.*   ***While the system works well enough for most transactions,*** *it still suffers from the inherent weaknesses of the trust based model. Completely non-reversible transactions are not really possible, since financial institutions cannot avoid mediating disputes.  The cost of mediation increases transaction  costs, limiting the minimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions, and there is a broader cost in the loss of ability to make non-reversible payments for non-reversible services.  With the possibility of reversal, the need for trust spreads.   Merchants must be wary of their customers, hassling them for more information than they would otherwise need.   A certain percentage of fraud is accepted as unavoidable.  These costs and payment uncertainties  can be avoided in person by using physical currency, but no mechanism exists to make payments over a communications channel without a trusted party.*
*What is needed is* ***an electronic payment system based on cryptographic proof instead of trust, allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted third party*** *.*"
@_date: 2015-07-06 05:20:57
Back in Dec/2014, Alibaba and Alipay were prohibited from using bitcoin (at least in in China) by the Chinese Central Bank (PBoC) 
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:02:31


Provided all your BTC are locked into that channel and inaccessible for years, and all the people and companies that you deal with in BTC are also in the LN. 


You will need to pay 50 $ to create a channel to your chosen ~~bank~~ hub, since it has no guarantee that you will spend 2500 $ through it.  Also another 50 $ every time you decide to move some BTC between the LN and your Trezor or paper wallet.


In order to turn a 25$ blockchain fee into a 0.25 $ LN fee, the LN must not generate more than 1 blockchain tx for every 100 LN tx.  So, an average customer who does 1 LN payment per day would have to lock into the system an amount sufficient to cover his payments for the next 3 months. 
@_date: 2017-04-08 07:26:13


Are they?  
@_date: 2017-04-08 04:01:18


Why, on Heavens and Earth, would I want to do that?
@_date: 2017-04-01 23:42:58


Come on.  Why are those people saying those things?  Why are they on TV or interviews in the first place?  
They all own bitcoins, and the profit they expect to get out of their investment entirely depends on convincing as many other people as possible to buy bitcoins, for the highest price possible.
@_date: 2016-02-09 05:45:29
Nice try,  Mr. BitcoinFacts. 
Hey see what I meant by character assasination?  Would you say that Blockstream chief officers and employees condone this sort of thing, or not?
@_date: 2015-08-07 12:29:36
Maybe.  It depends on what are their profit margins; which depends on what the BTC price will do until then.  Last time their profits may well have been more than 50% of the revenue.  Now, after 18 months of falling prices, who knows...
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:36:39
If the block size was 8 MB, a spammer would have to generate 15 x more transactions to create a backlog, and  the backlog would clear 15 x faster.  With 1 MB blocks and 0.01 average fee, a spam attack costs 25 USD/hour; with 8 MB blocks, it costs 15 x as much.
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:54:13
In due time... ;-)  (But I have already proposed it somewhere in this subreddit.)
@_date: 2017-04-29 21:56:18
And AFAIK he was the first to create a DNM market *based* on bitcoin.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:40:04
Correct.  But I suspect you don't know how bitcoin could be viable either.
@_date: 2015-07-26 11:22:17
Currently users can tell that their transaction is in the queue but is being held up by a backlog of transactions with higher fees.  If and when the relay nodes implement some replace-by-fee policy, the clients will be able to reissue their transactions with higher fees to try to get over the backlog.
However, to use those tools the client would have to remain connected to the network, perhaps for hours.   Since those tools will not reduce the average wait time, some clients will inevitably end up paying *more* only to wait *more*.  
I cannot understand how the devs can be worried about some hypothetical increase in node costs, while ignoring the consequences of forcing the "fee market" onto the users.   They don't seem to have much "social intelligence" -- the ability (or willingness) to imagine themselves in the place of other people, think how they would think, and figure out how they would react to one's actions.  
In particular, they seem unable (or unwilling) to consider how the clients will react to changes in the system, such as frequent traffic jams and the "fee market". 
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:33:35
You will not lose your coins, no matter how the fork will go.  What will happen to the value is rather uncertain.
If the block size limit gets increased, in spite of the desperate opposition by the "new" core devs,  bitcoin wil continue to work just as it does now, so the expectations pf future prices should not change much.
If the block size limit is not increased, and traffic continues to increase at the present rate, in six months the network should start to saturate, and "traffic jams" will begin to occur at somewhat unpredictable times.  Adoption will suffer: new users will be discouraged and some old users will drop out.  The users who choose to stay will have to put up with higher fees *and* longer delays (possibly hours, instead of 10-20 minutes) before the first confirmation.  That cannot possibly be good for the price. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 05:35:53
IIRC, their stated goal was to get 250 MB of backlogged transactions in the queues.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:19:40
Replace-by-fee is the typical libertarian "solution".  "My transaction is stuck in the queue because it has a low fee.  I wish *I* could push *my* transaction to the front of the queue.  Therefore let's implement a tool that will do that."  Can't they see what is wrong here? 8-P
@_date: 2015-07-08 03:28:53


Without a hard cap known to everyone, there is always a magic block size that would get accepted by enough miners and nodes, but would choke some players.
Besides, the system cannot rely on nodes or miners suppressing bad blocks.  An attacker will setup his own nodes if necessary.  


But as I wrote, the blocksize cap is not meant to be a protection against spam attacks. On the contrary, spam attacks are effective only because there is a maximum blocksize (hard coded or imposed by bandwidth); and, to reduce the risk of such attacks, one must increase the blocksize as much as other constraints allow.  
I suppose that we mostly agree that 1 MB is way too small. Except that I don't see how to do without a hard maximum block size limit, for practical programming reasons and for protection against big-block attacks.
@_date: 2016-02-01 18:14:10
If "consensus" means "everybody wants it", as you say, then is just one person in the world does not like a change, it should not be adopted.  Which is absurd, I hope you agree.  Even if that is restricted to "Core developers", it continues being absurd.  Unless any minority of developers that is against a change is ejected, and those remaining call it "consensus".
In the real world, "consensus" means that everybody ultimately agrees to submit to the decision, even if they do not like it.  In typical democratic elections, for example, the winning option is selected by simple majority, but then is applied by consensus -- as the losing parties agree to respect the result.
So, it makes sense to ask who wanted and who opposed each change that was eventually committed.


Well, there is a finite number of Core developers and a finite number of hours in the day.  Therefore, its mathematically certain that there were many of those. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:08:22
Good, good.  Making bitcoin fees even *more* upredictable and incomprehensible to unsophisticated clients.
We at are awaiting anxiously for the day when a core dev will ask here for help in figuring out the proper fee for his 1-input, 1-output transaction.
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:53:10


It is still 100 to 1000 times the price expected from its level of usage as a payment medium (which does not seem capable of further growth).
@_date: 2015-07-05 13:03:42


Because bitcoiners are stubbornly denying it...


How do you know that?


I am a computer scientist; it would be strange if I *didn't*  discuss computer technology in forums.   I also consider part of my job to advise the public about computer-related issues, and for that I must understand them.
@_date: 2017-04-26 01:47:45
You did not mention the possibility of fraudulent closure by a cheating partner using an old LN transaction, the "punishing" transactions that must be exchanged to prevent that fraud, and the need to watch the blockchain continuously or hire a "Bounty Hunter" to do that.  Have they got around that "feature" now?
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:20:17
Sorry, I posted that on the wrong sub. It was meant for @_date: 2015-07-03 10:23:59


Satoshi's hope was that every client would be a miner, although relay nodes could be more industrial.  The current concentration of &gt;60% of mining by 4 Chinese pools means bitcoin is dead.  But that elephant seems to be invisible, so let's pretend that it is.


Well, of course, just like when your bank or credit card blocks your access to a gambling site, and you and like-minded people can just start your own bank or credit card. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
If the blockchain is reduced to be the settlement layer of big hubs, ordinary users will not be able to use it, either by high fees or some other barrier (like the big hubs paying the miners to keep independent hubs and individuals out of it).  See [my other comment](
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:36:29


But a majority miner or cartel can ignore those blocks, mine alternatives to them, and then mine more blocks on top of these.  The blocks added by the "ninja" miners would then be orphaned.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:05:24
The Chinese miners agreed to 8 MB increase, if the "old devs" and "new devs" can get to a consensus on that.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:26:55
Funny, all my life I have lived in Marxist countries without realizing it.  Every vendor or service I used would tell me the price beforehand, would give me the stuff if I paid that price, and would generally serve its clients on a fist-come-first-serve basis.
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:09:59
But a computer company, or one with big government contracts, perhaps?  (I don't know the creteria, but it wasn't *every* company, not at all.  I had the impression that universities dominated, although I don't have the numbers and it may have been only on the forums that I frequented at the time.)
@_date: 2017-04-30 00:24:54


Look, I don't pretend to be an expert on the LN, but you seem to know it even less than I do.  That is what transpires from you categorical conviction that it it is a "sure thing", without even a rough analysis or simulation.  
So please let's leave out the personal insults, shall we?


That is the key word, *cooperaively*.  So, after Alice sent Bob a $10 LN payment with $1 fee for a fries and coke, why would she answer a request from Bob, six weeks later, to please re-issue that payment with a $3 fee? 


Every LN payment consists of exchanging and jointly signing a new channel closure transaction with updated balances (plus the corresponding punishing transaction).  
For every payment channel that is open, each party will hold a channel closure trasaction that reflects the state after last payment that was made though that channel.   That transaction obviously must be held for as long as the channel remains open.
There is no central server that all LN users will be logged in to.  LN  payments will be executed by private communication between the two parties -- by email, Tor, or some  specific protocol.  Thus "Alice is online" is a meaningless concept.  What matters to Bob is: if he tries to send a request to Alice, will she respond affirmatively or not?  If not, it does not make much difference whether Bob's message got lost along the way, she couldn't accept it, she choose not to reply, or she responded with a negative.
Now the key point: for the LN to be a solution to bitcoin's "scaling problem", it is essential that each LN payment channel be used for hundreds of payments, on the average.   If each user has six payment channels and makes one LN payment per day, then each channel must remain open for 600 days -- 20 months.   (All on average, of course.)
Thus the LN will be pointless if users end up closing channels just because they have been idle for a month.  With the usage above, each channel would be used for only 5 payments; so the LN would handle only 2.5x as much traffic as the blockchain itself
See, that is why it is **essential** to write down that detailed scenario with numbers.  You cannot see the real problems by qualitative arguments only.


How can you say that it is 99%, rather than 90% or 30%?


But the Big Plan is that the on-chain traffic will be **mostly** channel open and close transactions.  So the basic problem of the "fee market" remains: choosing the right fee is like making a bid in a blind auction -- and there is no algorithm that can estimate a bid value that increases the odds of winning the auction.


"Very similar" in what sense?  Updating the channel balances is an off-chain exchange of a non-broadcast transaction between the two parties, whereas closing and reopening a channel means having the miners confirm on-chain two transactions, that will actually pay their tx fees.


Is that a bitcoin wallet, or a future LN wallet?
If it is a bitcoin wallet, can you explain how you compute the proper fee to get through [this melee](
Note the big orange wedge in the center.  That is 30'000 transactions that paid 120-140 sat/B but were all held for up to 16 hours (8 hours on average).  The width and straightness of the wedge suggest that there was some wallet version out there that was setting a fee in that range at that time, regardless of the queue status.  It wasn't your wallet, was it? ;-)
If you are developing an LN wallet -- same question, but for the proper fee to use two months from now?


Again: the LN cannot assume that users will be permanently connected to the internet and running the LN demon, 24/7.  The bitcoin protocol does not require that.  (Satoshi was not an idiot.) 
Even if Alice is up and has the LN demon running, six weeks after she bought a fries and coke from Bob, why would she agree to reissue the transaction with a fee hike?  


As I wrote, the scenario is not meant to be a *prediction*, not even a *likely* possibility.  It only has to stand  on its feet -- to prove that the LN *might* work.  
Since, after two years of thinking and tinkering, the LN designers still cannot produce such a scenario, **the only reasonable conclusion is that the LN cannot possibly work.**
@_date: 2017-04-02 02:18:22


No, no.   I see why you are confused.
ETF means Exchange Traded Fund.  It is a private company that (in this case) does nothing but hold some asset (in this case, bitcoin), with each share then corresponding to some fixed (almost) amount of bitcoin.  
Another famous ETF, that the Winkles were trying to imitate, is the SPDR Gold fund (GLD).  Each share of GLD is supposed to represent 0.1oz of gold, held by the company that manages the fund.  By buyng GLD shares instead of actual gold, people can get the same profits or losses, but using the same brokers, methods, and guarantees that they use to buy stocks.  Whereas, to invest in actual gold, they would have to buy it from precious metals dealers, and worry about its security.  
And pension funds and retirement accounts can invest in GLD shares, even though they cannot invest in physical gold. 
Arguably the SEC made a mistake, years ago, when it approved the GLD fund and allowed it to be traded on regulated exchanges.  That fund must have contributed to turning gold from a boring investment, unprofitable but low risk, into a speculative gambling game that has moved many billions of dollars from pockets of not-so-smart investors to those of smarter ones.
@_date: 2015-07-25 17:02:34


That is not what Gresham's law says at all.  In fact, the law applies only when there are inconsistencies between the *official* values of two currencies and their market values.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:35:55
I am confused.  Are you insinuating that Amagi Metals is a front of the Brazilian government?
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:02:14
Can we see some quatitative analysis please, showing what would be the impact of raising the block size **LIMIT** on full nodes (those that relay data to others, not the selfish ones)?  As compared to the impact on clients (who are the players for which bitcoin exists)?
@_date: 2017-04-26 12:57:33


But, as I noted, that does not make sense.  Imagine the BH receiving 1 million punishment transactions each day and keeping watch on 10 million open channels -- none of which suffers an attempted fraud, because the user know that the BH is watching.  How is the BH getting paid for that effort?


Aren't the closure transactions valid when the channel is about to close automatically and neither party has closed it?  What prevents the CA from closing the channel with an old state?   The BH may be watching, but will he have time to act?  
If the BH can thwart that "error" by the CA, that may be the CA plan -- he sends a stale closure tx that favors Bob, to trick the BH into issuing a punishing tx that releases all channel funds to Alice, who happens to be the CA's girlfriend.


That is a problem with real lawyers, inspectors, etc.  In the real world, it is prevented by the possibility to sue them if they fail to do their job.  Will sending a tx to a CA or BH create a legally binding obligation from their part?
How would an LN user know whether her CA or BH are indeed doing their jobs?  They may have erased their database by accident, and obvously kept quiet about it; or they may watch the blockchain only on Sundays...


That issue is not related to cheating risk. 
Simply, it is impossible to give a number for the odds that a "completed"  LN transaction (that was properly received and saved by both partiees) will be actually executed when it is used to close the channel.  Whereas the bitcoin protocol **does** give such a number once the tx has got 1 confirmation, and it quickly increases with time towards 100%.
Alice received 10 BTC from Bob through the LN, and sent him a valuable stuffed dodo.  Three months later, when she tries to close the channel, she finds that her saved transaction is rejected by the miners for some unknown reason, or held up in a massive backlog, or drips out of a hole in her internet cable before it gets to [the internet]( or is censored by all the relay nodes that she contacted because they are all Core supporters and she happens to be running a BU client -- and the channel ends up closing automatically, denying her those 10 BTC.  The LN cannot provide any number for the probability of this happening; but, whatever the odds Alice may assume, they obviously get worse the longer she waits before trying to close the channel.  
Any soft forkwill invalidate some txs that were previously valid.  Bob may use that fact to defraud Alice.  Suppose that he knows that the developers are preparing a soft fork that will prohibit txs that have leading zeros in a variable-length field, or will assign special meaning to an opcode that is currently a no-op (as SegWit does); or that the miners intend to raise the mandatory minimum fee.  The devs may feel that such a fork is safe because no LN wallet currently generates such txs.  But Bob my craft such a tx "by hand" to pay Alice, knowing that her LN wallet will accept it.  But six months later, after the fork has activated, that tx is no longer valid...
(Incidentally, pure hard forks, such as raising the size limit, cannot invalidate pickled transactions...)


That figure is pure wishful thinking.  In reality the LN cannot provide any number for the odds of an LN transaction being confirmed -- not only the channel closure and punishment txs that are supposed to guard against fraud, but even normal txs, as discussed above.


That is the problem: the LN provides no "actual odds".
The same unquantifiable risk exists now with 0-conf transactions on the plain bitcoin network.  But, in the original design (before Greg spoiled it), after a couple of hours Alice and Bob will either see her tx on the blockchain, and then they get definite odds of it sticking; or they will realize that there must be something wrong with it, investigate, and possibly re-send with a bug fix.  Whereas, in the LN, Alice will not get that hint until six months later, when she tries to close the channel... 
@_date: 2016-02-01 22:18:59
For the better or for worse? ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:51:20


Bitcoin is a collection of people running computers with programs written by other people.  The rewards in the protocol are supposed to motivate those people to behave in certain ways.  Ha ha.
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:11:28


Well, "self interest" was *the* force that was supposed to make bitcoin work.  Any fix that depends on a few "righteous" players policing the "evil" ones is unacceptable.  If self-interest is not working, the *protocol* is flawed, and needs to be fixed.
@_date: 2017-04-02 00:52:18


Sure.  Because you say so.


Do you think that they want to be buried with them?
@_date: 2017-04-02 07:32:31


You are mixing two completely unrelated issues.  
The goal of the COIN ETF project was to get some of the money of pension funds and investment retirement accounts (not exactly "pensioners", but future ones) diverted into bitcoin investment.  I wrote one of the 25-so letters that the SEC received about that proposal, arguing against its approval.  Among the responses,  I counted 8 people supporting the ETF, 4 in favor but conditional to some changes, 8 against the ETF, and 1 against Jorge Stolfi.
The linked post, instead, was about a way that some sufficiently powerful entity could confiscate bitcoins from anyone,  It has nothing to do with the ETF or the SEC.  I thought that the SegWit (a proposed change to the block and transaction format) would make that procedure more likely to succeed.  But in fact it is already possible, and SegWit would make little difference.
There is no connection at all between SegWit (and the confiscation risk) and the ETF.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:01:02
Before someone does that experiment, please warn us at so that we can bring chairs and popocorn.
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:28:11
China has blocked the use of bitcoin for legal e-commerce or finance, has severely restricted movement of funds between banks and the bitcoin economy, has prohibited exchanges from engaging in agressive marketing of bitcoin, and has imposed strict KYC/AML measures on them.  
I don't know what is the situation of dark markets in China, but given their heavy vigilance and censorship of the internet I would be surprised if bitcoin gets much use there. 
So bitcoin in China seems to be reduced to mining and fabrication of mining equipment (which the government likes, because makes the Chinese richer at the expense of the non-Chinese who buy their products), holding as investment (which a Chiense Central Bank official once compared to stamp collecting), and the gambling game that day-traders play inside the exchanges (which is no different from the speculative trading that those same people did before with various other commodities, and only affects the fortunes of those who are willing to play it).
In summary, the Chinese government has not stopped bitcoin, but managed to render it mostly unusable for its stated purpose.
IIRC, Russia has a much stricter anti-cryptocurrency legislation that was due to go into effect next month.
Bitcoin is already banned in Bangladesh, Ecuador, and maybe a few other countries.
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:00:02
Sorry, why do you mean by that? 
The equation is not even an economic law, it is just basic math.  The quantities P, Q, T, and N are defined wether anyone knows them or not, whether any central  entity manipulates them or not.  
Central banks manipulate N in order to keep P stable, apart for some inflation; except when the government needs more money and chooses to issue more currency instead of raising taxes or selling public property.  
Bitcoin has no central bank doing that.  Instead there are miners that increase N by a fixed amount every day, rain or shine, and holders that reduce N (or increase T, you can view it either way) by keeping lots of coins stored for months or years.  Their behavior is unpredictable, moved by rumors and fantasies of replacing VISA etc.; that is why the price is incurably volatile and unpredictable.
@_date: 2015-07-08 01:06:27
Except that the "fee market" will not be able to arrive at a fair market value
The market "Clients x Network" is not a free market.  There is only one supplier (the bitcoin network) with fixed supply (~300'000 tx/day).  When the network is not congested, there is no market: transactions will get through even with the minimum fee. When the network is congested, and there is no replace-by-fee, there will be a blind auction: no one will know what is the right fee, they would have to guess, the outcome being either waste money or waste time. When the network is congested, and there is a "replace-by-fee", there will be a chaotic auction where the clients that can afford to remain on-line for half an hour or more will furiously try to outbid each other, while 50-100 new transactions keep arriving every minute.  With or without replace-by-fee, the average wait will be the same, and it will be impossible to predict the right fee to get into the next block, even one minute in advance. 
As the network approaches congestion, intermittent jams lastin hours will happen frequently.  Bitcoiners will abandon the coin until the average daily traffic stabiizes somewhat below the capcity, say 80% or so.  Then the traffic jams will occur maybe once or twice a day, at peak hours, or due to random fluctuations in demand and mining activity.  Since the size of each traffic jam will be a random variable, and the fee threshold for next-block service will vary even more during the jam, it will be impossible for a wallet to estimte that threashold.
For a market to be a free market, there must be two or more independent suppliers, the consumers should know what each supplier charges, and must be able to choose their supplier; and, more importantly, there should be no barrier to the entry of new suppliers that can increase the supply as demand increases.  The "fee market" that the small-blockians are dying to see will be the total opposite of a free market.  
Unfortunately, libertarians do not know what "free market" means, because in their ideology that term is used for a completely different thing...
@_date: 2015-07-13 08:35:09
No, I did not change my mind.  Read again my comment on the 21 million limit, for example.  Slowly.
@_date: 2015-07-24 14:40:58
When I was in the US I personally knew several people who would have been quite capable of putting bitcoin's parts together, writing that paper, and producing that code. (And even one or two people who did things a lot more impressive than that.)  
Satoshi seems to be a good computer scientist, competent in cryptography and distributed applications, and an experienced programmer.  The math in bitcoin is well within the standard knowledge of any computer science Ph. D. (or a very good CS graduate) with some experince in those areas.  Satoshi's grasp of economy too seems to be about the same as that of a typical computer science Ph. D. -- that is, zero to negative. ;-) 
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:25:53
Top 3 pools: 53%
Top 4 Chinese pools: 55%
Top 5 pools: 74%
([shares inferred from blocks mined in the last 24 hour according to blockchain.info](
@_date: 2015-07-29 14:38:26
Rather, that *useful* full nodes should be able to cope with the demand of users, even as it approaches or exceeds 1 MB/block in the next year or so.  It makes no sense to artificially restrict the traffic and severely harm the quality of service for the sake of users who wish to run a full node but do not have the resources for that.
Bitcoin now is totally upside down from what it was designed to be.  
Miners were supposed to be the main "guardians of the protocol"; they were given, and still have, the ultimate decision power.  They were supposed to be the clients themselves, to ensure that power remained decentralized.  Mining could in principle be done at random times by random clients, even SPV ones, with modest internet load.  The relay nodes, on the other hand, were supposed to be passive storage and transport waystations, but had better be online 24/7 and have sufficient bandwidth to serve hundreds or thousands of SPV clients/miners.  
Instead, mining got centralized into a handful of big corporations.  Whereas nodes have been elevated to "guardians of the system", with the task of censoring transactions according to whatever criteria they fancy; and are supposed to be run by volunteers with laptops and low-bandwidth home internet...
This topsy-turvy situation has one cause and one solution.  Unfortunately, all the players (except perhaps a handful of computer scientists) will *never* agree to implement it intentionally.
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:55:06


I am trying to help out, by trying to explain that driving bitcoin into saturation will be a disaster.  It does not require a PhD to see that, only a bit of common sense and experience with saturated networks -- like car jams, supermarket lines, clogged drains...  The "fee market" will be a nightmare...
@_date: 2017-04-29 17:08:24


That is nonsense.  The miners OWN their mining equipment, and they can do with it anything that they wish.  Non-mining users and minority miners cannot force them to include any given transaction, or block any transaction, or include any block in their blockchain, or use any specific software, validity rules, mempool policies, etc..  The only thing that those users can do is stop using the blockchain created by those 6-8 companies.  Which is exactly what they could and could not do if the majority miners were using a traditional mirrored database.


A mining majority can impose a soft-fork kind of change in the rules at any moment, without the consent or cooperation of anyone.  They do not even need to tell the rest of the community about it, although in practice they will want to announce it in advance so that clients can promptly comply with the new rules as soon as they are activated.
But a sufficient mining majority (say, 60%) can impose even a hard-fork type of change.  If those 6-8 miners agreed, they could start creating 1000 BTC of reward per block at any moment.  Some non-mining users may notice that violation of what they thought were "the" rules of the protocol, and reject those new blocks.  But even those "refuseniks" may be forced by the mining majority (through sabotage of minority chains, if necessary) to upgrade their wallets so as to accept the new rules.  Again, if those 6-8 miners decided to do that, they would announce it with a couple of months of advance, so that all clients have time to upgrade their wallets.
The only alternative for those user is to stop using bitcoin, maybe by moving to some altcoin that those miners can't mine.  But this new altcoin will have its miners too, and they soon will become centralized, recreating the problem.


That is a convenient assumption made by those (like bitcoin peddlers and entrepreneurs looking for VC funding) who must deny that miners run the show.  But the experience in other markets shows that it is not the case.  One reason why supplier cartels and monopolies form, and  impose rules that consumers universally hate, is that it means **more** profit for them.  
For example, if the miners raised the block reward to 1250 BTC/block (x100), and the price of bitcoin drops to 25 USD (/50), they will make twice as much revenue that they do now.  Even if *all* users and holders disapproved that change. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:22:48


I think I understand something about Satoshi's bitcoin, and also about the libertarians' bitcoin.  The former was carefully designed to achieve its goal.  The latter was not.
@_date: 2015-07-15 05:59:24
Wll, *I* don't hide who I am or what I think.  
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:03:40
The article is quite incorrect. The 5 largest Chinese miners support an increase to 8 MB now (instead of 20 MB) but want to see the "old devs" and the "new devs" come to an agreement (which seems impossible).
The first stress test was informally organized here on reddit and executed in a haphazard way.  
The second test was a more "scientific" attempt by coinwallet.eu, who claimed to have a budget of ~5000 euros for fees.  That attempt failed after spending ~500 euros because their scripts/servers could not handle the load.  They also had been too stingy with fees so it did not have much of an impact.
The current test seems to be the second attempt that they had promised.  They are using more servers to issue the transactions, with higher fees.  Their stated goal is 250 MB of backlog on the queues.  Which, thanks to the 1 MB block limit, should take 10 days to clear once they stop their attack.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:37:01
Replace-by-fee can only make the problem worse.  Imagine a crowded restaurant where clients have to wait three hours, on average, for their food.  Now imagine that they can offer bribes to the waiter to have their order pushed to the front of the queue, provided that their bribe is higher than that of other patrons. Hint: no matter what bribes they pay, their average wait time will still be three hours, not a minute less.
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:37:08


Well, I just posted the numbers. 


I see, we read the OP differently.  I though that he was referring to growth of the internet, not to email specifically.
Sometime in the 1980s I did use a dumb terminal and modem to access the univ's computer from home, mostly to read my email.  But it was literally a painful experience; apart from the low speed, the continuous scrolling used at the time gave me red and sore eyes after a short time.  Also, there was no screen/mouse editor that worked over such channel.  No wonder email was not popular, even among PC owners.
@_date: 2015-07-29 04:31:32
The non-military internet was confined to universities and research labs until 1994.  Once it was open to the general public, it grew as fast as people could buy computers and get connections.  It had 16 million users in 1995. then almost doubled every year until reaching 250 million in 1999. Then its growth slowed down a bit and reached 1000 million in 2005, 2000 million in 2011, and 3000 million in 2014. 
And no one had to create tons of fake users to pretend that internet adoption was increasing.
By various estimates, Bitcoin now has between 0.1 and 0.8 million actual users, and [its use seems to have stopped growing]( since early 2014.
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:01:08


The only thing that could fix the mining centralization problem within ten years is the price crashing to 0.10 $/Ƀ or less.  If the price remains above 100 $/Ƀ, even with two more reward halvings it will generate more than 90'000 $/day of revenue for the miners as a whole.  That will be more than enough to sustain industrial mining on dedicated mining installations.  Those installations will tend to become centralized because of economies of scale and technological sophistication; that is independent how ASICs evolve, and will remain true even if the protocol is changed to make the current ASICs useless.  
If the price was only 0.10 $/Ƀ, the total block reward today would be only 360 $/day for all miners in the world.  That hopefully will not be enough to make dedicated mining installations viable.  At worst, people would be mining on GPUs that they bought for other reasons. 
As for 21.co, after watching a couple of videos by Balaji I do not expect anything significant to come out from them.
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:26:57


Yes. So?  


Yes, I saw a few Americans questioning what happened to several truckloads (billions) of US dollars in cash that were sent to Iraq after the war, and just disappeared.  I even remember, some 30 years ago, some of them asking why their government would want to spend 50 billion plus on Space Station Freedom (now ISS).  
Seriously, if bitcoin threatens Credit Cards, PayPal or the international remittance market (as bitcoiners believe it will), then billions of revenue of those companies will be at stake.  Shareolders will have no objection at them "testing" the bitcoin network, "oh, just to make sure it is robust enough for us to use".  I don't think that would be a violations of Bitcoin's Terms or Service...
@_date: 2015-07-25 16:35:52


Actually the only thing you can say is "10 minutes", and add a note below that all times are only expected (mean, average) times for the first confirmation.  For any entry, the minimum wait is (nearly) zero and there is no maximum.
More precisely, the time for inclusion in the first block is a random variable with exponential distribution and *nominal* mean T = 10 min and median T ln(2) = ~7 min.  The standard deviation is also 10 min, but the distribution is very asymmetric: it is far more likely that the next block will be solved in less than 5 minutes (P = ~40%) than that it will take more than 15 min (P =  ~22%).  
Yoy may want to say "the next block will arrive before 15 minutes with 77% probability, and before 20 minutes with 86% probability".
The time for the arrival of the second block is the the sum of two variables with exponential distribution.  It has a relatively narrower distribution, with nominal mean 2 T = 20 min  and deviation T sqrt(2) = ~14 min.  Generally, the mean time for arrival of the Nth block is N T and the deviation is T sqrt(N).
The "10 minutes" is only the *nominal* value of T, because the difficulty is never properly tuned to the total hashpower.  Moreover, there may be some delay between the transaction being issued and it reaching all the miners.  This delay should be added to all wait time estimates, but it is probably too small to make a difference.
It would be nice if the predicted times were compared with the actual ones.  For that, one would need the time each transaction was issued, Sorry to be skeptical, but I doubt that the predictions will be very good when there is a backlog of fee-paying transactions, which is when they the tool would be useful.
@_date: 2017-04-01 16:32:18


I think that people who consciously tell lies with the intent to defraud or defame other people should be prosecuted, and possibly arrested and jailed according to the laws.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:45:43
I am decrepit already, and I agree with OP's assessment. (Except that I don't see any hope of scaling bitcoin's capacity to make it more than a niche system.)
@_date: 2017-04-01 17:42:48
Indeed I must have said that people should be jailed if they try to sell bitcoins to technically naive investors, by telling them that "the price may well be 1 million USD/BTC, not many years from now" -- while hiding the fact that the expected profits is negative, and that investing in bitcoin is as sensible as investing in lottery tickets, a ponzi scheme, or a penny stock scam.   
Shouldn't they?
@_date: 2017-04-02 09:12:21
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:08:53


No, that is the point: there is no way to calculate the odds (as there is for confirmed bitcoin transactions).


All that is needed is that the miners do not confirm the transactions in time.  There is an unbounded set of circumstances that can lead to that, and there is no way to assign probabilities to it.
That is a point that most bitcoin "experts", even the Core devs, have not understood, or are pointedly ignoring.  A decentralized payment system cannot depend on trusting that volunteers will act honestly.  (The current setup, with volunteer non-mining relays sitting between clients and miners, is and example -- a mind-boggling aberration that completely breaks the protocol.  Like an electric car with a power cord instead of batteries.)  The security must be *provable* with generally agreed premises and rigorous computations. 
The bitcoin protocol offers that, for confirmed trasnactions.  That is what made Satoshi's invention brilliant.  If the kind of "security" provided by BH and non-mining relays was OK, then there woudl be no need for PoW, blockchain, and all the rest.  Under such "security" standards, the problem was solved 25 years ago -- and the solution would scale like Visa.


You mean the stuffed dodo example?  Or the hand-crafted soon-to-be-invalid example?
Either case, you have no basis to say that the odds are small, much less "non-existent".  It is just your wishful thinking.  What odds did you give to the DAO hack, before it happened?  
@_date: 2015-07-21 14:08:29
Right now there are 2-3 orphans per day, against 144 non-orphans.  How much would that ratio increase if the block size increased to 8 MB?
Sorry, but without any numbers to back it up, this "orphan" argument -- like the "nodes would become too expensive" one -- is just a lame excuse to refuse increasing the limit .  Those drawbacks do not compare, even remotely, to the damage that would result from saturation of the network.  
And it is the size LIMIT, not the SIZE, dammit!!!!
The small-blockians could at least be honest and admit that they just ***want*** the network to become saturated as soon as possible; and that they are adamantly opposed to ***any*** increase in the limit, no matter how trivial, for that reason only.
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:32:08


That is probably what GHash.io did when they got bashed for having &gt;50%.
@_date: 2015-07-04 21:26:08
Well, *your* question is over *my* head...
In theory, the cost of "doctoring" a block  of the the blockchain depends on the amount of hashing work that would need to be redone in order to recompute the signatures (hashes) of all blocks after it.  That cost obviously grows with the number of such blocks, but not linearly; earlier blocks are much easier to re-sign than the most recent ones.
In theory, to do that, an attacker would need to purchase mining equipment and/or take control of some miners, until he had a comfortable majority (say, 60%) of all the active hashing power in the world.  The attacker would use that power to build a new branch of the chain, starting from the altered block.  The new branch would differ in some relevant transactions (e.g. substituting the hash of a deed for a different one, sending a payment to another address, etc.), but otherwise it would include the same transactions that were recorded in the original chain.   At some point the doctored branch would overtake the legitimate one, and then all bitcoin users, nodes, and miners would be bound to discard the latter and accept the doctored branch as legitimate.  
(The doctoring of the blockchain would be obvious to everybody, but the players cannot reject the longer chain since that would require some central authority to "disqualify" it -- and the only reason for bitcoin to exist is that it has no central authority.)
The total hashing power of the network now is 300'000 trillion hashes per second (TH/s).  I don't know much about mining equipment, but it seems that a machine capable of 1 TH/s costs less than 1000 USD.  So, buying enough new equipment to launch a majority attack should cost less than 500 million USD. Once the equipment is set up in a place with cheap electricity, running it should cost less than a million dollars a day.  The equipment would have to be kept running for twice as long as the age of the block to be doctored. That is: if the hash of a land deed was included in the blockchain one week before the attack started, an attacker whose goal was to replace that hash would have to keep the machines running for about 2 weeks to catch up with the legitimate chain.  That would cost him about 14 million dollars of electricity and other expenses.  Since earlier blocks are much cheaper to re-sign, I would guess that an attacker could doctor any block, no matter how old, with less than 1 billion dollars of total expenses and 1 year of work.
Acquiring 60% of the existing installations should cost a lot less than that, perhaps 200 million or less.  Renting them may cost as little as 500'000 USD/day, electricity included, and no capital costs.
That said, I don't quite see why the cost of drilling through a safe box should be comparable to the value that one keeps in it.  Security is normally achieved by making the criminal's expected payoff negative; but that is more effectively done by ensuring a high probability of the criminal being caught, losing his loot, and serving a long jail sentence.
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:31:36
Suppose that a miner with 20% of the hashpower announces that he will not process any trasaction that pays less than some fee F.  Then transactions that pay less than F will take 13% longer to confirm, on average, than transactions that pay F.  Some clients may prefer to pay F, some will rather wait, and some will just give up on bitcoin.  Depending on the percentages of these three groups, the move can be profitable for that miner.
If the top five miners get together and agree to do that, transactions that pay less than F will take 30-40 minutes to get the first confirmation, on average, instead of 10 minutes.  Then presumably more clients will agree to pay F.  The manoeuver will be more likely to succeed, even with a higher F.
Or the top 4 Chinese miners may agree to do that and also starve all other miners by orphaning their blocks.  In that case the only options for the clients would be to pay F or do without bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 22:23:02
At the next big traffic pile-up, I will be anxiously watching as each smart wallet tries to choose a fee that is guaranteed to be higher than the fees chosen by all other smart wallets out there.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:41:34


No, I am saying that the novel steam-powered rocket that the small-blockians have invented will crash shortly after take-off and kill its crew.


As I wrote, you *can* enforce fees for all practical purposes, and the good enough FCFS behavior will follow by itself.  The outside bribes that you point out as failures of fixed fees will not occur while the network is operating under capacity, and will be limited (and the least of clients problems) when it is oversaturated.  WHICH IS ANOTHER REASON WHY THE NETWORK CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO GET NEAR SATURATION.
The "fee market" is a stupid non-workable solution for a problem THAT THE NEW DEVS WANT TO CREATE.  The first step of the right solution is to PREVENT THAT PROBLEM.
@_date: 2015-07-08 05:45:25
It could be a big-blockian triyng to show what can happen if the block size limit is not increased.
It could be a small-blockian trying to justify the need for an overlay network, or impatient to test some software gadget that would be useful  with a congested network.
@_date: 2015-07-30 12:06:41
Stolficoin is even better than that.  It issues a new block -- fully verified, Merkle-linked, and with difficulty 2^47 -- every 100 milliseconds.  The genesis block was mined in 1983, and quotes the headline of The Times of January 3, 1985.
Stolficoin can do that because it has zero clients and a network comprising zero miners.  Thus, the blocks are all empty, and do not need to be stored or transmitted at all.  Nevertheless, those blocks obviously exist, in the same sense that the quintillionth digit of pi exists, or any bitcoin exists.  
@_date: 2015-07-03 19:26:17
The point is that people will give up on bitcoin if confirmations take an unpredictable number of hours, which is what will happen if the traffic gets close to capacity.  
No matter how what ingenious fee/proirity mechanisms are put in place, the average daily traffic cannot be more than 70-80% of the capacity.  Which means that people who may have liked bitcoin will just not use it.
@_date: 2015-07-27 17:20:05
There is no sharp maximum, but trade volume in the Chinese exchanges (such as BTC-China, OKCoin.cn, Huobi) is generally lowest from 18:00 to 20:00 UTC (02:00 to 04:00 am in China's standard time).  Then it gradually increases between 20:00 and 01:00 UTC (04:00 to 09:00 CST), and decreases from 15:00 to 18:00 UTC (23:00 to 02:00 CST).
@_date: 2015-07-19 10:12:00


A payment channel requires locking up an amount of bitcoin in advance for some fixed time, with a blockchain transaction; and another transaction is needed when the channel is closed, for the receiver to collect the money and return the unspent balance to the payer.
Therfore, a PCh it is worth using only if you plan to send at least three payments through it, and you have enough bitcoins to cover all those payments in advance, and you are sure that will not need those funds until the timeout is over.
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:45:48


Seems you don't even know what "business sense" means.


If you don't write intelligible questions, how do you expect to get appropriate answers?


It is a software engineering thing. Hints: "validation",  "maintenance", "security", "documentation", ...


Because it was not a "spam attack", it was a "stress test"; and it must have delayed only the transactions of the thousands of clients who trusted that their wallet software would choose the proper fee.
@_date: 2015-07-26 23:55:55
The bitcoin network grew out of nothing because it was a computer experiment that cost nothing and was fun for computer nerds.  It derailed when drug dealers adopted it as a currency, then again when the price rose to the point that industrial mining became worthwhile; then again when the speculators and pyramid operators moved in.... but, though all those steps, it  it provided benefits to its users, even while each use was very small. 
I insist that the LN is different, because it will be a net loss to its users, until almost all bitcoiners have switched to it.
@_date: 2015-07-05 09:14:40
Any cartel of miners with a comfortable majority of the hashpower (say, 60%) could impose a change like lifting the block size.  
The top 4 Chinese miners have now 55%; they had more than 60% a few days ago, but BitFury has grown to 15% and surpassed BTCChina, now with 10%. The Chinese plus BitFury have 70%.
It is often said that the miners alone don't decide, the power is with the "economic majority" (including relay nodes, clients, exchanges, payment processors, and other services).  That is a simplistic conclusion, that considers only the dumbest possibility for the majority miners: just put all their power to mine on their own "reformed" branch of the chain, with the modified protocol, while all the other players continue using the "orthodox" old protocol, served by the rest of the miners.  Actually, the majority cartel can use part of its power to jam the orthodox branch, by mining only empty blocks there and orphaning all the blocks of honest miners.  Clients and services would be unable to use their coins unless they upgrade to the cartel's version of the protocol.  On the other hand, the cartel can temporarily lower the difficulty of their branch to ensure a sufficient block rate even with the smaller hashpower that they are using there.
Knowing that the mining cartel can do this, even the players who do not like the change will rush to upgrade, before the pre-announced fork date.  Anyone who upgrades will not suffer any inconvenience apart from the upgrading itself.  Users who have coins in exchanges and off-chain services will be able to trade them there, but BTC withdrawals and deposits would be blocked until the service upgrades.  
The blocking of the minority branch by the majority miners would not be an "attack", but rather a "public health service" to prevent the splitting of the coin and untold confusion by naive the clients. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 16:58:07


The price had been rising much faster than new hardware could be brought online, therefore mining at the time was still hugely profitable, so that even after a 50% drop in revenue the miners were still running at a profit.  It is not the case now, after the 2013-2014 boom in mining hardware sales and 18 months of falling prices.  The flattening of the harshrate curve and several other clues indicate that miners are now working with relatively narrow profit margins.


Of course *client* fees can't get that high.  Those 30-100$ estimates assumed that the blockchain would be used only for settlements between LN hubs, because it would not have space for anything else.  I am arguing that the LN will still need to do many on-chain operations *per client* and therefore it cannot pay that level of fees, or even 4 $/tx.  
Just a reminder: the *small-blockians* (including Adam himself) claimed that the block size does not need to increase, even if adoption grows to millions of users, because the LN will be ready by the end of the year and would reduce the on-chain traffic enormously, maybe even by 1/10000.  It is *them* who are spewing outrageous numbers about it.
*My* point is that the LN will be economically inviable, so there will be *no* LN, the block size will have to be lifted, there will be no "fee market", and the bitcoin network will continue working as it is now -- with a few hundred thousand users, at best slowly growing, low fees, a reduced hashrate, etc...


Payment channels provide instant transactions *to the same receiver* only after and while the channel is set up.  You will still have to lock up your money with the hubs before you can spend it.  In fact, you will have to open a direct channel with the gambling site too, because your main hub will have to be licensed and will not foward payments to gambling sites.   
As a payment network, with many transactions occurring among millions of clients, the LN will be a lot slower, more cumbersome, more expensive, less reliable than Paypal or Visa; and, since it will depend on large hubs as intermediaries,  it will not have the only advantage that justified the creation of bitcoin.


@_date: 2015-07-28 20:19:06
Do not miss the comments below the article.
@_date: 2017-04-01 23:38:31


By creating an ETF that is just a wrapping of bitcoin, but traded in a regulated stock exchange.  That would let bitcoin peddlers sidestep the laws that prohibit  pension funds and individual retirement accounts from investing in risky thinks like bitcoins.


By telling them that (besides being possibly worth 1 million dollars some day) bitcoin would let them buy things anywhere in the world paying no fees or taxes, without the risk of banks or governments stealing their money by haircuts and inflation, etc..
Weren't you around a year or two ago, when the word "unbanked" was more common in bitcoin forums than "block size"?
@_date: 2015-07-30 14:40:31
... but, of course, absolutely ***no*** increase in block size before 2017 -- because that would prevent network saturation, and Blockstream *wants* the network to saturate, at all costs... 8-P  
@_date: 2017-04-08 02:12:02
As you say, that place is best for dispassionate analyses of Core's software, vaporware, crippleware, sleazyware, fudware, and slanderware.  I don't think that the people there care much about 21.sold.in.all.inc
@_date: 2015-07-25 22:44:21
Actually what he wrote is that chaos will result if the block size limit is NOT increased.  Which unfortunately is what the "new devs" want.
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:49:10


Weren't you debating them with someone else?


Thank you.  Although, after 18 months of trying to point out the obvious to folks who have no intention of understanding it, I sometimes get impatient and snappy.  I must watch myself and relax a bit more often.
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:44:56
I am honored to have been selected for such a noble project.
@_date: 2015-07-13 06:11:18
Search "coinwallet" on this subreddit and order by "new".  They described their plans, their previous aborted attempt of a couple of weeks ago, and their intention to try again around this time.  
They claimed to have a budget of 5000 euros for this test, but my estimates they already spent at least 15'000 euros on it.  Unless the "legitimate" clients have paid 10'000 euros more than usual, to get their transactions through.
By the way, it is not an "attack" but only a  "stress test", even if a rather harsh and inconsiderate one.  A hostile attacker would be adjusting his fees to effectively block most legitimate traffic, even if the legitimate clients tried to raise their fees.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:34:37
I give up.  I must have connected to the wrong planet...
@_date: 2015-07-29 13:57:20
Near the end of that thread:


I have now added Joseph Poon to that list.  I strongly suspect that my ignorance about the LN is not much greater than theirs.  
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:58:43
That is the "big red button defense".  But the current "orthodox" bitcoin miners would be unable to mine that chain too, so they would still be forced to upgrade to the the cartel's version an mine their chain.  
Then there would be two cryptocoins calling themselves "bitcoin", incompatible with each other and with the old bitcoin: one with 350 petahash/second mining network, with a slightly different block reward schedule but still 21 million total issuance; and one mined by a few thousand CPUs, with the same block reward schedule, but a completely different hashing algorithm.  
Both coins will follow the same protocol, apart from those two differences.  Every client will initially have the same amounts of coin in both chains, in the same addresses, acessible with the same keys; but each client will be able to move and trade each altcoin independently after that.  *Note that even those clients who refuse to use the cartel's coin will have to upgrade their software to use the "new orthodox" coin.*
So, what percentage of clients will choose to work with one chain only, and dump the coins he has on the other? Which chain will the services prefer to serve?  Which of the two altcoins is likely to retain most of the value of the original bitcoin?  (Before replying, please try to guess how many bitcoin users know what a "block reward halving" is.)
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:36:54
Oops!  Sorry...  (Unless they are getting their data from Blockchain.info ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:04:53


That is the "theory" I wrote about.
Unlike bitcoin clients, LN hubs cannot be anonymous, because by definition they must serve many clients (otherwise the economies of scale will not work out).  They will be easily found, and blocked or closed.  
Another thing: as far as I understood, the LN will only reduce bitcoin network traffic if nearly all bitcoin users are LN clients.  If only 70% of bitcoiners are in LN, it will not work.  That is because payments between LN and non-LN clients will require more bitcoin network transactions than non-LN to non-LN. 
Thus I suppose that the plan is to start pushing all bitcoiners to Coinbase or Circle first, by making person-to-person traffic inviable on the bitcoin network, so that the LN can have nearly 100% adoption when (if) it is switched on.
@_date: 2015-07-23 19:39:40


My parents are from the Veneto.  My mother came to Brazil in 1949 in a ship full of Italian immigrants.  She told me that the captain had to put up a fence dividing the main deck lengthwise, to put an end to to fights between Northern and Southern Italians. 8D.
These are the posts by them:
1. [CoinWallet.eu Bitcoin Stress Test](
2. [Ultimate Bitcoin Stress Test - Monday June 22nd - 13:00 GMT](
3. [CoinWallet.eu Stress Test Analysis](
4. ["The test will be tomorrow"]( (commentary in post 3)
Perhaps you did not see some comments because they were downvoted to 0 or negative.  Check your profile settings. (I wish there was an option "bottom" like "top" but in reverse. 8-))
The [first post]( of the account says


They are referring to the first stress test that was organized disorganizedly by a call on this subreddit, where random volunteers tried to send spam transactions during a 2 hour interval on a friday night.
Also, [this thread on bitcointalk.org]( may be relevant, although Nicolas Dorier may not have got around doing his plan yet.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:06:18
There is no proposal to "go to 8 MB blocks".  There is a proposal to increase the * **maximum** block size limit* from 1MB to 8MB starting sometime in 2016; but blocks will not become magically bigger when the limit is raised.  
If the blocks remain limited to 1 MB until the network saturates, then many users will give up on bitcoin, and those who really need it will have to put up with occasional "traffic jams" delaying confirmation for hours.  It will be much worse than forcing a few users to switch from full wallets to SPV wallets.
@_date: 2017-04-29 18:08:23


But still, in the case in question Alice must contact her employer and request his signature AGAIN,  just so that she can spend those 10 BTC with ordinary transactions to other people.  Which is not the case is the employer pays her salary with an ordinary on-chain transaction.


Indeed.  I  call a "solution"  only something that works in all cases, or at least that is *proved* (by statistical analysis or experience) to reduce the risk to a tolerable level.  
The punishing transactions and bounty hunter services of the LN do not pass that test.  Just as fee estimators, RBF, and CPFP are not "solutions" for the congestion problem.  
In fact, not even the payment channels themselves are a solution for the problem of how to make off-chain payments -- because no one can give a fundamented estimate of the probability that the proper closing transaction will be executed in time, and the LN payments will not be lost.
Another LN problem that still has no solution, and not even hope that a solution will ever be found, is how to find a viable multihop route to send a given amount between any two of 10 million users, all of them constantly making payments, opening and closing channels, and going offline at random times.


Yes, I know about hardware wallets.
Back when the Trezor was announced, I promptly described several ways that  a malicious hotel desk (say) could use to capture the PIN, for use when the Trezor was stolen or robbed later.  I was laughed at for my ignorance, of course.  Then someone demonstrated practically how the private key could be extracted from the Trezor with a small loop of wire as an antenna, and a $60 oscilloscope.
I also pointed out the risks of buying a Trezor from a store shelf or from any random retailer, or having it replaced by a fake one somewhere bewteen the manufacturer and your mailbox.  Again I was laughed at, of course.  No one apologized when, some months later, some crude Trezor forgeries were spotted.  (No *good* Trezor forgeries have yet been spotted, of course. ;-)
And I pointed out how the Trezor makers themselves could one day steal all bitcoin in all the Trezors out there (even those never connected to the internet) by releasing malicious firmware, or doctoring the hardware.  Again I was laughed at.  Then the Blockchain.Info accident happened...


Don't lie to yourself.   
It is not even known whether he had any significant investment in bitcoin. 
That white-hat hacker was watching the blockchain only for (2), because he was interested in cryptography and realized that that the signature algorithm used by bitcoin at the time had that particular weakness.  It was pure luck that BCI's  blunder caused (2) to occur also, rather than just (1) -- which is essentially undetectable.  
It was pure luck that he could identify the BCI wallet as the cause of the problem, and had the goodwill to alert BCI, and BCI could fix the problem in a matter of hours by replacing java script.   (If the bug had happened with a downloadable wallet software instead, there would be no way to warn all clients in such a short time.)
That was not really a "Titanic moment" for bitcoin, but a "Three Mile Island" moment: an accident that could have become a "Chernobyl moment", but was stopped only thanks to sheer luck, and which was not noticed except by a few hundred victims and experts.
@_date: 2015-07-22 05:03:05
You should first subtract from the 25 trillion the value of all dogecoins at that time.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:25:54
The tx fees AND the max block size will have to be increased. It is not viable to offload the cost of the network to the bitcoin investors, who are not aware of it, so that the users can abuse it at will.  Increasing the fees will not totally prevent spam attacks, but will make them more expensive.
However, the so-called "fee market" will not work.  As in any shop or service, the fee amount (or formula) must be fixed, known to clients well ahead of time, and proportional to the service rendered as perceived by the client.  For example, 0.2 mBTC = 0.05 USD per output, irrespective of output amount; not something per kB or other obscure parameter.  
Also transactions must be processed first-come-first-served, without queue jumping (which a spammer can use as well as a legitimate user).
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:15:40
That was Gavin's original proposal.  He cut down to 8 MB because of opposition by the Chinese miners (who said 8 MB is OK) and by the "new devs" (who apparently will not accept even 2 MB), and added automatic increases to avoid the alleged risks of a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-07-15 07:41:32
Tradeblock must be filtering what they consider spam, I suppose.
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:45:21
Different nodes can serve different versions of the blockhain.  Malicious nodes may serve invalid nodes.  Nodes set up by the rogue miner, in particular, will serve his block as valid. The only way that new nodes, full clients, and other players can (tentatively) identify "the" blockchain is by checking that all nodes are valid under the 'consensus' rules, and that it is the longest one that they know about.  Therefore the 'consensus' rules cannot depend on information that those other players do not have.
@_date: 2017-04-02 00:54:30


Well, the SEC did not fall for that, thank god.


Ah.  Well, wait until you get to know better this community, and what they really see in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-29 19:45:11


How can you possibly know that?  How many employers and employees have their finances automated to that level today? 
LN enthusiasts apparently live in a Little Pony like version of reality, where every "solution"  that they think of is assumed to work -- because, well, they *meant* it to work.


Your company has a bitcoin "expert" on board.  Neither Alice nor her employer  will have one.  (I know that you are going to reply: "they will hire a Transaction Assistance firm to prepare transactions for them.")


The fees are changing all the time.  They are unpredictable now, and a re *proven* to remain unpredictable as long as the network remains congested.   (For one thing, the right fee that each user should choose to pay for his urgent transaction is just a bit higher than what the other users will choose to pay for their urgent transactions, in the **next** 10 minutes.)
So, suppose that you got half a dozen LN channels open, each with an unconfirmed transaction with $20 balance positive for you, created maybe a month ago, that paid what was then a generous $1 fee; but now you see that the fees are typically $3, and those transactions are unlikely to confirm on their own.  What will you do? Close all the channels and issue a CPFP with $5 fee (*your* loss) for each channel?
I almost bet that you will reply "The LN is not to be used for small transactions, only for large ones, for which the extra $5 would be insignificant." ;-)
That has been my experience when discussing the LN, since the proposal became public -- even with Adam, Luke, Maaku, and with Poon himself.  I ask how they will solve the routing problem, and why users should put up with having their coins fragmented between several channels.   "It will be centralized in a few hubs, so that each user will need only one channel to a hub".  I ask how those hubs are going to fund the outgoing channels, and preserve privacy. "It will be decentralized so the users themselves will provide all the funds".  I ask why would a generic user offer his channels to carry payments of other users.  "He will earn a fee for that."  I point out that a typical path will have 10 hops, and ask them to estimate the total fees, and the chance that all nodes in the path will be able and willing to execute the payment. "The network will be centralized in a few hubs so that the average path will have only 2-3 hops."  ...
That is why I (and many others) have been asking for that scenario with explicit topology and numbers.  And that is why it has never been provided, and why those conversations with LN fans invariably stopped when I ask for it: because there is no such scenario that is not obviously impossible, for one reason or another.
Sorry, but the LN is being developed in an extremely incompetent way.  The designers should start by writing down the goals and a detailed scenario, as above; and make sure that, at least for that scenario, the LN can be implemented, without needing any new inventions, and would meet the stated goals.  The LN should not be included in any roadmap, or used to justifiy any decision, until it can get past that stage.
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:50:41
AFAIK, Gavin and Mike were the only two bitcoin core developers with substantial experience (7-8 years) in *professional* software development, working for multibillion companies with millions of customers.  Of the two, Mike is obviously more impulsive and less willing to compromise, perhaps for being younger.
@_date: 2015-07-10 04:05:17
Is it? The block size has absolutely no impact on the pool members, since they receive only the header template.  Only the pool manager is affected, presumaby because of the increased internet load when downloading blocks mined by others and posting their own blocks.  The load of fetching transactions to fill the block is not impacted, because the pool can choose the actual size of the block.  Because of mutal "hash stealing", the block size should not affect much their chances of losing a race.
There is this claim that individual miners will leave any pool that does somethng "bad".  Is it true?  Most members of the Chinese pools must be Chinese.  Will they (or any members anywhere) care about the "terrible" risks of a block size increase, that only the "new devs" can see but cannot explain? 
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:14:32
Indeed, miners don't feel the impact of the backlog or the excess traffic; it is the relay nodes, and all applications that look at the queues, that are being stressed by the test.
The 1 MB limit was not "self-inflicted" by the miners.  It was inflicted by the "new devs" who are adamantly opposed to any increase in the network's capacity.  While increasing the ***limit*** to 8 MB would not automatically increase the ***actual*** average block size (~500 kB), it would at least allow the miners to mine larger blocks if there is a backlog and they are willing to do it.  Actually, they would have an incentive to mine a full 8MB block, because the fee revenue (at 0.01 USD/tx average) would be ~200 USD, instead of the ~25 USD that they get with a 1 MB block; while the block reward would be the same (~6700 USD).  It remains to be seen whether those 200 USD are worth the increased risk of losing the PoW race.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:54:38


Not really.  
Coinwallet.eu claimed to have a budget f ~5000 USD, but between the start of the test and the clearing of the backlog about 250 BTC (~60'000 USD) of fees were paid, above the usual ~20 BTC/day seen with normal traffic.  
So 
+ Coinwallet.eu spent ~5000 USD (perhaps somewhat more), 
+ the other clients spent ~55'000 USD (perhaps somewhat less), which is about twice what they woudl have spent in those two weeks), and 
+ the miners collecetd ~60'000 USD above their usual fare (which was some 14 '000'000 USD).
+ the relay nodes and many other bitcoin services had to work twice as hard during those 2 weeks.
@_date: 2017-04-01 23:31:37


[Wences Casares](
[Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss](
[Max Kayser](
[Rick Falkvinge](
[Chandler Guo](
[Trace Mayer](
And so on...
I can sell you a Beanie Baby for $1000.  It is not guaranteed, of course; but if the Sheikh of Abu Dhabi ever decides to give **that** toy to his kid, he can easily pay a million dollars for it.  How can you miss that chance?
@_date: 2016-02-25 08:30:08


Which brings up an interesting question. As you must know, when Alice sends Bob an LN payment, she actually sends him a "cheque" -- an unconfirmed, unbroadcast transaction that Bob can use some time later to close the channel and get the coins.  But what if the minimum transaction fee (in BTC/kB) rises while Bob is holding that cheque, and the fee built into it is no longer sufficient to get it processed?
The cheque may even be discarded silently by those oh-so-helpful "volunteer vigilante" nodes, before it reaches the miners.  Assuming that it gets into the mempool of some miners and gets stuck there, it could  be pulled out with a CPFP transaction.  But then Bob would have to pay the fee for that...
@_date: 2016-02-25 15:18:22


I don't think that it is that bad (but I may be mistaken).  IIUC, a multi-hop payment is done by issuing new zero-conf transactions for each hop, that adjust their balances as in a series of single-hop payments.  So the state of the LN is still a bunch of 0-conf unbroadcast two-party transactions, and each channel can be settled independently.   
But there is a talk of issuing another 0-conf transaction after each transaction that enables bounty-hunters to punish your partner if he tries to cash an old check while you are hospitalized or something.  Those bounty transactions may complicate the state somewhat.
A possible attack on one LN customer could be to prevent him from settling the payments he received through one of his channels, until the channel expires and all those payments are canceled.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:22:48
The price was 222 only a month ago.  It is 255 now (15% higher) because of the silly hope that the Greek would exchange their euros for bitcoins.  It may well drop back to 222 any time now.  The price has been higher than 222 for all but a few days in the last 6 months...
@_date: 2015-07-23 06:26:00
Well, how many do you think there are?
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:34:28
Coinwallet.eu claims to be the entity sponsoring and running the test, but it is not clear who they are.  They have discussed their plans to bitcointalk and a report of the previous attempt as a thread here on I can't find the link now, sorry.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:49:33
Nice try, Peter; but everybody knows that you are not stupid, and you understand perfectly well what Jeff is saying.
@_date: 2015-07-04 12:49:39
Sorry my OP was badly written.  Each miner should be required to prove that he validated the *previous* block, not the block he is mining.
@_date: 2015-07-26 10:12:47
Well, many bitcoiners seem to have a negative understanding of money (and businesses in general).  That is how we see so many bitcoin scams and bitcoin startups failing. 
Some of them believe that one bitcoin is worth 280$ because, well, because that is what others are paying for it.  They believe that it will be immensely valuable one day just because it is one of 21 million.  They believe that their "investment" is "guaranteed by math", that bitcoin will never be superseded by another coin because of the "network effect" and the "first movers advantage", that the Chinese miners cannot take control of it because of the "economic majority"...
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:48:11


That is not investing, but buying for use as a currency.  Apart from whether DM are good or bad, that is what bitcoin was meant to be, and designed for.
Investing in precious metals is indeed similar to investing in bicoin: it is basically a form of gambling, a zero-sum game, where one investor's profit can come only from some other investor's loss.  But with PM at least the asset is concrete and has a fundamental value for industrial and decorative uses, so the price cannot go to zero tomorrow.  I can't undrstand how people can follow the advice of snake oil salesmen like Kaiser and Schiff...


Speaking of which, Amagi Metals seems to have gone under, and a customer was complaining here of his money having been sucked down with it...
@_date: 2015-07-22 05:15:45
It was not a "spam attack" (hostile, designed to block legitimate traffic) but a "stress test" (rude but not hostile).  Something like it is still going on.
Methinks that there should be a fixed fee in the 'consensus rules', high enough to discourage frivolous use ("spam"), and to make "spam attacks" more expensive, but low enough to keep legitimate e-payments viable. Say 0.05 or 0.10 USD per output.
@_date: 2015-07-04 23:33:51
You do not consider the transaction fees, right?  But while the transaction fees are negligible, as they are now, each miner has no incentive to include any transactions in their blocks.  (Sure, *someone* had better do that, since users will start leaving if backlogs develop, and the price may drop; but why should that someone be *me*?)
If the average transaction fee per kB rises above some threshold, then miners will want to include as many transactions as they can.  IIUC, their choice is not binary (either S or S'); they can keep validating transactions and adding them to the current block almost continuously, limited only by the overhead of broadcasting the new headers to the "hashing slaves".  Is this correct?  If so, how would that affect your analysis?
But the reason for having a maximum block size limit is to prevent "big block" attacks/accidents, where a miner issues a valid block that is too big for (say) 10% of the nodes, or 40% of the clients of some popular wallet.  Once the block is included in the blockchain, those nodes or clients would be permanently disabled (until they upgrade their hardware or software).
@_date: 2017-04-08 04:59:53


That money would not vanish, but only go into other pockets.  So the cause of the war may well be other miners expecting to *gain* 100 M per year of profit if that change passes, maybe?
@_date: 2015-07-04 15:49:49
Cyprus learned that lesson about bitcoin with Neo &amp; Bee:  "Bitcoin was supposed to save us from banks. Aaaand now their boss is gone (with our money)."
@_date: 2015-07-05 02:36:19
That is the point: bitcoin is not a Boeing 747, it is a Flyer One: the first of its kind, still with many flaws, big and small.  You can improve it by patches and tweaks only so much.  To get an airplane, you must discard it and design a new one from scratch, with a few more essential inventions, many times.
@_date: 2015-07-23 03:28:17
Indeed, my feeling is that the second bias is stronger: there must be tens of thousand of users who own tens of such addresses, and thousands of users who own hundreds of such addresses, and that bias is probably stronger than the opposite (users who keep all their bitcoins off the blockchain).  So, my feeling is that there are a lot less than 750'000 bitcoin users in the world; maybe a lot less than 500'000.
Moreover, the 0.1 BTC threshold is fairly low; it would include many people who just tried it once or twice, still got some BTC left over, but did not really adopt it.
@_date: 2015-07-25 17:24:45




I believe this will bite you.  When a backlog starts, both the required fees and the fees of new transactions will rise very quickly.  See [this plot]( that tries to do something similar to yours.  


Many empty blocks are generated because the way that miners operate.  Roughly, if the time since the previous block is less than a certain threshold, the block should be empty with hight probablility.  You should check that and maybe add that detail to the simulation.


Even during the last stress tes, when there was a huge backlog of fee-paying transactions, many miners were not filing their blocks.  The [average block size]( during July 7--13 only ~720 kB.  However, that includes the empty blocks, which are a separate population.  Excluding the empty blocks, the average bloc size may have been ~900 kB
@_date: 2015-07-23 10:42:37
A fixed block size LIMIT is necessary for programming reasons.  
The size limit must be known and equal for everybody, anywhere and anytime, because everybody must agree on what is a valid block. The system would not work if one client, node, or miner could say "this block is good" while some other could say "this block is invalid because it is too big". 
The limit could depend on the block number (height), e.g. "blocks 1 to 400'000 must be 1 MB or less, blocks 400'001 on must be 8 MB or less".  It could depend on the block contents, or on previous blocks; although such a limit would not serve its programming purpose. (One would then need a fixed hard limit to the block size limit...)  But the size limit cannot depend on information that is not in the blockchain, e.g. the size of the queue of unconfirmed transactions.
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:06:46
The 20 Mb proposal is a strawman at this point.  Gavin's proposal is now 8 MB.  Both the 20 MB and the automatic increases after 8 MB were compromises, intended (in vain) to get the approval of the "new devs".  From all I have read, I believe that he and Mike would agree to any other number that would push network congestion at least 1-2 years down the road.   And I believe also that the "new des" will never accept that.
AFAIK Gavin contacted several miners and other major players to get support for his original 20 MB proposal, and the 8MB counter-proposal by the Chinese Five was the result of those contacts.  (And I got the feeling that the "new core devs" were visibly annoyed by those contacs, and viewed them as a "coup attempt" or something.)
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:31:10


But the problem is, how will bitcoin get from here to there?  An LN with only 20% of the bitcoiners on board will be much worse than plain bitcoin.  If plain bitcois is too expensive and/or too slow for Alice and Bill to use, because of saturation,  the LN will be much worse... 
@_date: 2015-07-09 01:04:57
That is one of the still unsolved problems of cryptocurrencies: how to adjust things like block rewards and fees to the economic value of the unit.  
A percentual fee (say 0.5% of the total output, possibly minus any obvious return change) would automatically adjust to the price; but a flat fee seems necessary too, to prevent dust spam.  Perhaps it (and the block reward) can be set automatically every 7000 blocks, based on the average output volume of the last 7000 blocks.
But a simpler solution may be to redefine the flat fee by hard fork every 6 months or so.  The top 5 miners have 70% of the hashpower now, so they already have the power to set the fees to any value they want, whenever they want.  The community might just accept the reality, and pay whatever they decide.  Like any cartel, their interest will be to maximize their revenue, which implies keeping the fees low enough to preserve their user base at some optimum level.
@_date: 2015-07-27 10:29:22
The miners are the only ones who could block or impose a change in the rules, if enough of them agreed to do it.  The only thing that would hold them back is the risk of the coin losing some value; but that depends on what the change is, and how they spin and market their actions.  (Many bitcoin pundits will deny that, and speak of "economic majority", but that is just wishful thinking to deny the unsolvable problem of miner centralization.)
The Bitcoin Foundation only contributes embarassment (or comedy gold for Core developers can issue new versions of the "classical" software, but cannot force other players to run them.  Until recently they had the trust of most players, but the current "block size war" seems to be eroding that trust.  The devs are split into two camps with radically different opinions of how bitcoin should evolve.
The bitcoin community, by and large, does not understand how the system works and has no interest in technical issues like the "block size war".  By and large, they hold and use bitcoins for reasons that are not directly related to its original stated goal, or the political ideology built on top of it; and will probably continue to do so as long as those reasons hold. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 09:39:06
If Satoshi were to donate his million BTC to any large group of people, most of them would immediately try to sell the coins, crashing the price.  The message "Satoshi himself is getting rid of his bitcoins" would not help either...
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:26:46


Where did they move to?  To some other pool of the same owners?
The obvious reaction of GHash.io to the public campaign would have been to split into two or more apparently unconnected pools.  Why shouldn't they have done that?
@_date: 2015-07-21 04:35:33
In 2014 several exchanges closed. Volume in most of the well-known exchanges seems to have dropped significantly over the last year. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 19:05:17


I did, see my other comments.  Increase the block size, enforce a significant hard fixed fee per output, and enforce a minimum output amount.  
Raising the fee alone may be enough to delay "natural" saturation for several years and encourage miners to fill their blocks as much as possible.  However, raising the size limit is necessary to make spam attacks more expensive.  
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:54:31
The presumed buyer (Anthem) has denied the purchase.  They discussed it but it did not go through.  Instead Anthem bought some hardware (?!) and software from Amagi and is opening its own bitcoin-accepting retail subsidiary (Hayek).
Anyone knows where Amagi was registered?  And what about Anthem?
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:44:15
The problem is not public bickering; it is the reference source being in the hands of devs with hidden agendas.
@_date: 2015-07-29 06:52:55


Wrong in what point?  About adoption of the internet after 1994?  
@_date: 2017-04-01 16:28:20
Confiscation lets the SPE get back stolen coins so that the legitimate owner can spend them.  Or auction off the coins of ISIS/criminals/etc. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 03:56:12


I did not say that!  "Investment" is not "speculative trading" -- trying to make money by buying low and selling high.  A good investment is one that *on the whole* gives back more than was invested.  
As I wrote, a house can give rent revenue to its owner, or can spare him of the rental expense.  Moreover, a homeowner often tweaks his home to fit his lifestyle and tastes, so that it gives more value to him than it would give to a prospective buyer.
Even if you left those homes boarded up, a 50% loss in 15 years is not that bad actually.  Barring fires or floods, if you don't buy during a bubble it is unlikely that a piece of real estate will lose 90% or 100% of its market price -- as can happen with other more promising but riskier investments.


Well, there is no reason to believe that bitcoin will hold any value, and plenty to doubt it.
Gold is not valuable just because it is scarce.  There are many, many things that are even more scarce than gold, but have zero or negative market value.  
Gold has a fundamental value -- which I guess is less than 300 USD/oz -- because it is a metal with unique properties.  Those properties create a demand for jewelry and industrial uses.  This demand is likely to persist for decades to come.  Moreover, the laws of physics determine that no company or government, no matter ho rich and powerful, can make more gold, or other metals that could replace it -- except by mining, with is likely to remain expensive for decades, too.  
That is what would make gold a good "hedge" investment (zero expected profit but relatively low risk) --  **if** you could buy it for that fundamental price.   (At the current price, you would be throwing 3/4 of your money into a gambling game.)
And that fundamental price is what makes the market price of gold be 1200 USD/oz today.  The overprice is due to demand by gamblers (speculatie trading), who buy gold even though it is grossly overpriced, motivated by catastrophe prophets and unscrupulous marketeers.    However, speculative trading can only amplify the fundamental price.  It cannot give lasting market value to something that does not have a fundamental value to start with.  
Collective illusion or fraudulent pumping may keep the price of a purely speculative instrument up for a while, as with penny stocks, tulip bulbs, and beanie babies; but, if the item is actually worthless,  eventually the illusion pops and the market price goes to zero.
Bitcoins do not exist, in any meaningful sense, and thus have no intrinsic value.  The bitcoin *network* could render a useful service, if it was used for payments; however, the bitcoins themselves play no role in that service, and none of the revenue of that service is earned by the holders of bitcoins.  
The same network could render the same service using any other virtual tokens.  Anyone can create any number of new cryptocurrencies that would be perfectly equivalent to bitcoin in technical aspects.  Even the number of bitcoins in existence is not limited by physics or mathematics, but by a couple lines of code; and there is no reason to believe that they will never be changed, except some fuzzy arguments about the possible motivations of some people.  Finally, cryptocurrencies may well be unable to compete with other payment systems, existing or future. 
Moreover, there is no reason yet to believe that a "layer 2" network will ever be viable, much less that it will see significant adoption.
@_date: 2015-07-28 11:01:40
Maybe it is time for a really hard fork, with a permanent  XT/QT split of the coin AND of the devs mailing list. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:54:58
The stress testers are ultimately sending all the bitcoins used in the tests to Wikileaks, charities, and addresses with widely known public keys.  Could that be it?
The testers' intention may be that other users will contribute to the test load as they collect all those small UTXOs.  Especially those going to the public addresses, which will have many people trying to collect the coins as soon as they are deposited.
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:38:22


Please believe me, I am a programmer.  The magic number 21 million is clearly imposed by the IEEE double-precision format that is used by Excel, matlab, javascript, and many other languages and apps to represent numeric quantities.  Handling and encoding unbounded integers is by no means a trivial matter.  


He would have made that analogy to justify that a  decreasing supply was not economically absurd.  But it does not mean that it was the reason for putting that in.
Again, halving every N blocks was the simplest schedule to program and describe in the paper.  In retrospect, he should have implemented a more gradual schedule, without the abrupt halvings that create untold amounts of FUD.  But that would have required some 50 extra lines of code, and a couple of paragraphs more in the paper...
@_date: 2015-07-30 11:43:28
Thanks for your tip, here is 1 Paycoin, worth at least 20 US dollars, guaranteed. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 05:33:32
They claimed to have budgeted 5000 euros for this test, of which ~500 were spent on their first aborted attempt a couple of weeks ago.
@_date: 2015-07-18 23:56:58
Auction 1 2014-06-30  29'656.51306529 BTC  45 bidders
Auction 2 2014-12-04  50'000.00000000 BTC  11 bidders
Auction 3 2015-03-02  50'000.00000000 BTC  14 bidders
The intervals were ~5 months and ~3 months, or ~4 months on average.  If they keep up that rate, the next one should be due this month.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:22:31
I have some difficulty finding tumbling and CoinJoin in that paragraph.
@_date: 2015-07-13 14:02:55
Search "Coinwallet" on this subreddit and sort by "new".  They reported n their failed first attempt and promised to retry for good about this time, shooting for 200 MB backlog.


Last I checked the fees were a total of 15'000 USD over the normal daily amount.  But normal users have raised their average fees to 2-3 x the usual values, and there are the other people collecting the outputs that they are donating to charities etc.
@_date: 2015-07-19 01:26:15
An [interview with the founders]( Asher Tan and Ryan Zhou (2015-03-13).
@_date: 2015-07-09 19:23:34
Is there somewhere an up-to-date histogram of the transaction sizes? (I mean, how many transactions are 1--9 satoshis, how many are 10-99 satoshis, etc.) 
Even better, an interactive histogram where one can specify the time period?
@_date: 2015-07-13 06:43:55


Not really.  Raising the LIMIT does not increase the ACTUAL traffic in normal conditions, but makes spam attacks more expensive and shorter-lived.  If the minimum fee was also raised to some meaningful value, the traffic would actually drop, spam attacks would be MUCH more expensive, and miners would have an incentive to mine as many transactions from the queues as they can.


RBF will only be useful during traffic jams; which should be avoided like the plague, but Peter wants to happen as soon as possible so that he can see his toy in action.  During traffic jams, RBF will actually increase the load on full nodes (those that actually help the network by relaying transactions and blocks to others) as transactions in the backlog get re-issued with increasing fees.  It will only change the order of those transactions, but will not reduce the expected waiting time during a traffic jam.  While you will have the chance to jump the queue, you will also find yourself jumped over and pushed further back, to a later block.  If you can't stay online  for hours to play that game of transaction leapfrog, or you cannot afford the fees that drug users and bitcoin thieves are willing to pay, the deployment of RBF will *increase* your waiting time during such jams.
@_date: 2017-04-07 10:01:18
"All funded up and no project to do,"
@_date: 2015-07-28 11:52:56
You are right.  He just assumed the public/private key scheme that was a standard feature of previous cryptographic payment systems:


However, he did specify the details of the address/signature schema by providing a usable reference implementation, shortly after publishing the paper,  that showed that the protocol was workable.
The point is that the LN is still nowhere near that point yet.  There are still many problems with the *design* that do not seem to have a solution.  
Among them, the question of what percentage of the bitcoin economy will have to be using the LN before the clients find it worthwhile to switch from raw bitcoin transactions to LN transactions.  
As far as I understand, the answer is "more than 70%".  If less than 70% of the bitcoin users are LN users, the LN will *increase* the traffic on the blockchain.  If that is correct, it means that the LN (unlike bitcoin, the internet, the telphone, etc.) cannot start small and grow by attracting more users.
@_date: 2015-07-20 12:48:05
Report them as off-topic.
@_date: 2015-07-19 01:39:40
Google finds many posts that identify Ryan Zhou with Zhou Tong of Bitcoinica's fame.  Is that correct?
@_date: 2015-07-13 04:32:29
"Technical Analysis" (TA)  is a set of rules that some short-term traders use to try to predict future price moves, based on patterns in the past prices.  
AFAIK, no TA method has been validated by serious statistical studies.
In the case of stocks, where part of the price is determined by slowly-varying external factors (like factory capacity, product demand by consumers, etc.), simple trend extrapolation (linear regression in log scale) may have some predictive value.  
However, for intruments whose price is mostly speculative (like gold or bitcoin),  there are no persistent trends that can be extracted and extrapolated.   Statistical analysis generally shows that the change in price from one day to the next is a random variable that has no relation at all with what the price did in the past -- whether in the last few days, or in the last few years, or at any scale in between.   
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:15:17
Then explain what you mean with 


I claim that Adam Back, Greg Maxwell, Luke Dashjr, Peter Todd, and the other "new core devs" are totally against raising the block size limit. Do you claim that they are in favor of it?
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:06:54
The same thing happened in the prematurely aborted attempt, two weeks ago.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:15:34


"Love is blind"
@_date: 2017-04-30 18:48:31


Yes. Every channel payment consists of issuing a new channel settlement (=channel closure) transaction.  That transaction must include the fee that will be required by the miners when the transaction is finally sent to them.  The fee included in the previous payments through that channel will never be paid, only that of the last one.


I gave you an example where cooperation was all but certain.   There could be many other reasons why Alice fails to cooperate, including death, or giving up on the LN. 
Note that, if her funding on that channel was only $11,  she just can't help Bob.  She could send him $2 on-chain with $0.10 fee, and Bob would  then pull that $2 with a CPFP paying a $5.90 fee -- obviously not good.  And, if Alice's funding was $13 or less, she  she has nothing to lose by ignoring the request. 


No user will want to set his wallet to automatically make new payments, like the extra $2 of fee that Bob wants Alice to pay.  
Note that, in the case of multi-hop payments, the hub fees depend on the length of the path (and maybe on the fee required by each hub).  If the wallets automatically pay whatever LN hub fee is required, without asking the user first, then Hank's coffee shop could create a chain of hubs Hank1, Hank2, ... Hank10 as the sole connection between him and the rest of the LN.  Thus, when Alice buys a frappucino from him, she would pay 10 hub fees of $0.10 to him, in addition to the $5 listed price, without even noticing the extra cost -- and without realizing that she is paying more for his $5 frap than she would pay for Joe's $5.50 one.
@_date: 2015-07-07 03:34:42
The stress guys (coinwallet.~~io~~eu) said that they had budgeted 5000 euros for the test.  Spread over 30-60 blocks, it is still negligible compared to the block rewards (~6800 USD/block now).
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:20:50


Please read again my post above.  If you did that, you would find that all your blocks were being orphaned by empty blocks (or blocks full of spam), *on the minority chain*; so that *the minority clients* would reject your blocks and accept that empty chain as the real one -- with the result that they would be unable to move their coins.
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:36:22


Or just split into several smaller pools, all owned by the same guys...


It is no evidence of anything, if we don't know what exactly happened to them and their members. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 07:35:36
Hi there, my two dear personal trolls of the month!  (Are you freelancers, or regular Blockstream employees?)


No: since a 6 US cent fee is still way below the true cost of the service, its value is quite arbitrary, and will not have to be changed unless the price gets *much* higher or *much* lower -- say 4 x or 1/4 as much as now.   
Periodic hard forks will be necessary anyway: a system that cannot evolve will soon be made obsolete by new ones, especially those that can evolve more easily.  Instead of avoiding hard forks as if they were the devil incarnate, bitcoiners should learn how to do them with minimal fuss and angst.  (BIP66 was a good example of how *not* to do a protocol change.)
@_date: 2015-07-10 19:46:17


And will it work when the network is naturally congested?
Why do the "new devs" make me think of a bunch of kids who set their home on fire because they got water pistols for Chistmas and they want to see if if they can put the fire out?


But the plan of the "new devs" is to drive such users away from bitcoin, and appropriate the bitcoin network to be the inter-hub settlement layer of the "overlay network" that individual bitcoin users will be forced to use.  A network that will be centralized, with KYC/AML, etc -- the opposite of what bitcoin was supposed to be, and much worse than PayPal.


That is not what a "backlog" is.  And miners create blocks at the same rate (and earn rewards at the same rate) even if there are no transactions in the queue.
The ideal state for any transport network is when all clients in the queue can and will be serviced in the next batch.  
A "backlog" is when there are *more* clients in the queue than can be serviced by the next batch.  A backlog arises when the short-term input traffic exceeds the capacity of the network.  When that happens, the backlog almost always keeps growing, as long as the traffic surge lasts; and the average wait keeps growing with it, at an unpredictable rate that depends on the surge's intensity and duration and on the traffic level after the surge is over.
If the effective network capacity is 2.5 tx/s and the "normal" input traffic after the surge is 1.8 tx/s (typical values for the current situation with 1 MB blocks), a backlog will decrease at the rate of 0.7 tx/s once the traffic returns to normal.  A backlog 10'000 tx, for example, will take some 14'000 seconds = 4 hours to clear.


The fee that you pay only affects the time for the first confirmation, and only if there is a backlog (more txs in the queue than can be eaten by the next block).  Once a tx got 1 confirmation, it will get 1 more every 10 minutes on the average, irrespective of the fee or queue status.  If there is no backlog, the tool will work alright -- like an umbrella when there is no rain.
Perhaps you meant that you use a fee that will ensure that the tx will get into the next 20 blocks.  That too is meaningless while the short-term average traffic is below capacity: the fees will have little influence on the wait time, and your tx will probably get included in the next 2 blocks anyway.  But if there is a backlog, or one develops before your tx is processed, the fee that you need to use depends on the ~3000 or more transactions that are NOT in the queue yet, but will be issued in the next 10 minutes by clients who are intent on taking your place in the next block.  Your tool simply cannot compute the proper fee because it does not have the information that is essential to do so. 
(Note that this stress test is NOT what a real backlog or spam attack will be like, because the testers are NOT adjusting their fees to get in front of the queue.)
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:39:37


Fortunately for you, the people behind the "stress test" did not try to adjust *their* fees to keep in front of normal clients.
@_date: 2015-07-19 00:07:58
Good point.
@_date: 2015-07-09 00:29:07


Sorry for that. Like F2Pool, I got the biits from someone else and used it without validating it. 8D
@_date: 2016-02-01 13:58:19


Possibly, but most will think that it will probably recover after the fork.


Even at 200 USD/BTC, the largest miners are probably profitable.  If not, they can afford to mine for a while at a loss.
 &gt; 4) Once the 75% is reach (or whatever the theshold will be), Core will have to ask itself what to do.
If they are not totally stupid, they should cede and release a version with 2 MB block size limit.  (Adam said that 2-4-8 would be great, didn't he?)


"Widespread" meaning Blockstream; "technical" meaning vague mumblings about increasing centralization.


If Classic gets 75% of the miners, it should get 90% or more.  Nodes that don't switch to classic will be serving a comatose altcoin.  Obviously the motivations of those nodes will **not** be to help clients use bitcoin.  What could be their motivations?
For that and other good reasons, full but non-mining relay nodes are evil and should be avoided.  Non-mining clients should connect directly to miners, since these have strong motivations to keep the network functional.


Then the Core devs and those "vocal users" would become irrelevant and cut out of development.  


On the contrary.  Maybe I am overestimating the intelligence of the community, but I think that there will be dancing in the streets.


Rather, the price will recover to even higher levels than before, with the community finally accepting the fact that bitcoin is a payment system run by 5 companies in China and Ukraine.


Rather, Satoshi is captured by the US government and charged with creating and operating a money laundering system 10 times bigger than Liberty Reserve.


Can this community learn anything from experience?
@_date: 2017-04-16 03:58:34


Thanks for the consideration, but no, I am not Satoshi. 
@_date: 2017-04-02 06:17:12
What is your point?
@_date: 2017-04-02 03:34:56
Pensioners are just a synecdoche for all naive investors who are more likely to put their savings into investments that look legitimate and "safe" (for being traded in a regulated exchange, like NYSE, alongside solid stocks) and promise exceptional returns that are actually very unlikely to occur.  
Also, in the US pension funds and individual retirement accounts (IRAs) are a special class of investors, because of those laws that I mentioned.
More seasoned investors hopefully will see through the promises of peddlers of bad stock (and bad ETFs).  I am not concerned about them.
The SEC was created after the 1929 stock crash precisely to keep bad stocks and funds out of the stock exchanges.   That was not just to protect those naive investors.   Honest and responsible companies could promise only relatively modest profits over a very long time.  Fraudulent or irresponsible entrepreneurs, on the other hand, would promise "the moon" in a short time; and they would get the money from naive investors.  
Honest companies then were hurt twice.  First, they saw the investment that they needed get sucked away by the crooks.  Then, after the bad companies failed, their investors became wary of all stocks, and would not invest even in good companies.  Hence the SEC's goal was to preserve the money **and the confidence** of investors, including the casual ones.  
Thus, any company that wants to trade its stock on the regulated exchanges must first provide the SEC with a detailed plan (the S-1 form) including all details that an investor may possibly want to know, including the business plan and all things that may conceivably get in its way.  (The S-1 form of the Winkles ETC is 150 pages long -- even though the company  will do nothing more than buy and hold bitcoins, without playing with them.)  After the trading is approved, the company must arrange for thorough yearly audits by independent auditors, and publish quarterly reports about its business,  which must be detailed and accurate uner penalty of law.
But the SEC is hardly infallible, and has allowed many huge frauds to occur under their noses -- by putting too much trust in the company's own reports and audits.  
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:45:39
Now, if only 1% of that money was invested in Bit-Coin...
@_date: 2017-04-16 03:58:38


Only those who are still buying bitcoins are idiots.  Those who are trying to sell them are something else.


I never pretended to be a security expert.
@_date: 2017-04-08 03:10:18
Well, one thing and have in common: they have lost all sensibility for irony and sarcasm.
Seriously, I have noticed that the tone and level of discourse in all bitcoin forums has greatly decayed over the last year.  The community is now mostly shouting, sneering, taunting, smearing, rather than thinking of debating; like when two crowds of protesters with opposite agendas run into each other. 
@_date: 2017-04-01 16:35:05
Why are *you* here, really?  Because you still hope to somehow convince pensioners or Third-world farmers to give you their life savings in exchange of your bitcoins?
@_date: 2015-07-09 02:49:02
Prevent greylisting was not a goal of bitcoin; it was not designed to do that.  Bitcoin should not be made more complicated or costly to achieve goals that were attached to it a posteriori.  
Those who think that there should be a cryptocurrency suitable for hiding payments from governments should work out a new design, including that as a design goal from the start.  Good luck in keepin such an altcoin working with governments against it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 10:52:44
Try adding another term, like "paypal".
It may be the start of summer school vacations.
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:24:01
AFAIK, the priority is already defined by the fee divided by the transaction size in bytes, so the effect is about the same as that of your proposal.  
However, the handling of fees is full of special cases and quirks, so maybe your proposal closes a hole in those rules.  Is that so?
@_date: 2017-04-16 16:45:13


For the long term, real estate is safe and profitable -- not so much because you can sell eventually, but because you (or some family) can either rent it or live in it.  Either case, over your life you get back a lot more than you invested.  
Same for any other thing that can actually create wealth or render a service, like a truck, a cow, a more efficient equipment for your business, etc..  (One of the best investments that I did in my life was a pair of beach sandals, that I bought for a couple of bucks and used for some 20 years, at home and on travel.)
For the medium term,  all banks offer investment funds that are supposed to give a return slightly over inflation.


I don't invest in stocks (too much hassle), but they are like real estate: the company actually creates wealth, which is shared by stockholders as divdends or increase in the company's assets.  
While there are bad companies and unforeseen crashes (like the oil price drop that made Petrobras stock plunge), a company is created with the expectation that it will make enough revenue to repay the investors with profit, if they hold stock for a long enough time.  That is, they are supposed to be (and generally are) positive-sum game, where *all* investors are expected to exit with profit.  
Also, like real estate and other material investments, they are intrinsically imune to currency devaluation.
But, for any asset, if you keep buying and selling in short intervals, expecting to profit from price variations, you are not really investing.  In the short term that you hold the asset, you will not get to enjoy from the positive-sum feature.  You will be playing a zero-sum gambling game.  Or somewhat negative-sum too, because of various fees.  Then your expected profit will be negative too -- as when investing or trading bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:00:52


Simple clients should connect directly to miners (or to relay nodes that they trust are run by miners).  Then Satoshi's proofs apply.  If they connect to volunteer non-mining relays, nothing can be proved.


Come on.  Just because I (or other critics) cannot exploit that flaw, it does not mean that it is safe.
People are already abusing that arrangement, and the risks are becoming real.  People are counting support of SegWit and BU by those "volunteer vigilantes" instead of mining, and there is the misconception that they are representative of "the economic majority" or whatever.  There is a very real risk of the relays that run Core (or BU) using their position to do DoS on clients or miners who run BU (or Core), or to override miner majority in case of a fork.  The whole UASF nonsense is bound to use those relays to override the choices of both miners AND clients.


That's a typical hacker's "solution": provide a fix for some cases of the problem, that leaves the other cases still possible, and often create new probems... and pretend that the effort alone makes the fix good enough.  
Like the "fee market", RBF, CPFP, timelocked transactions, SegWit, and the relay network itself.  None of these "fixes" was a full solution to the problems tha they were meant to fix, or even bvious improvements.  On the contrary, all had problems that were pointed out in due time.   None was analyzed in detail **and proved to really solve the problem** before being implemented.  But they were deployed anyway...


It is the default behavior for simple clients, who (almost by definition) are not sophisticated enough to find and contact the miners directly.  


By default, the Core client finds its contact relays by starting with six nodes that are run by faithful Core supporters, and asking them for further referrals.  This behavior invalidates any probabilistic arguments that assume that a client contacts N relays *chosen independently and randomly* among all relays.  If Core decides to (say) censor the majority branch and serve only the minority one to clients, then clients who run the Core wallet will only get the minority branch, no matter how many contacts they have.


Sorry, but that is the actual problem.  The bitcoin protocol has no incentives to ensure that relay noeds are honest.  Even if clients pay fees directly to their relays, they cannot tell whether the relays are honest or doing their job. 
If commercial services could be trusted like that, then there would be no need for mining, PoW, blockchain and all the rest.  Just let those commercial services run a conventional mirrored database.  But such a system already exists: it is called "Visa"...


If the "fail-safe" system is not safe, you still have an unsafe system.
And you don't seem to understand that cheating is not the only risk.  The LN concept is *fundamentally* unsafe, because it is based on 0-conf transactions (the regular payments, and also the punishing transactions) that are saved for months before being sent to miners.  The system only works if those transactions are indeed confirtmed when finally sent to the miners.  But the bitcoin network does not give any guarantee about that, not even probabilistic (especially if the block size is tight).  *None at all.*  
LN enthusasts seem to assume that the LN will be safe because it is based on bitcoin, "which everybody agrees is totally safe".  But that is an illusion: the safety of bitcoin is limited to what is in the blockchain.  Nothing outside it -- the transaction relay network, the mempool, stratum, FIBRE, and the wallets themselves -- is "guaranteed by Satoshi".


As I noted above, volunteer BHs cannot be trusted to do their job (even if they are honest).  
Non-volunteer BHs cannot make a profit from bounties, because the parties that they watch will not try to cheat.  (Indeed, that is their real purpose: to deter cheating, not to punish the cheaters.) They would have to be paid a certain tariff per day, as long as the channel is not in its initial (0,0) state -- even if the channel is not used for months.
And, just because they are being paid, it does not mean that they are doing their job...


Well, no, they did not make that clear at all.  A year ago, when Blockstream adopted the LN as the "layer 2" design, Adam and Luke themselves told me that the system would work because the payments would circulate in it, so that the channels could be balanced.  Like, Alice spends her salary on many merchant sites, and the merchants use those coins to pay their employees, one of them being Alice.  So Alice's channels would, on average, carry as much "in" as they carry "out".
But if the LN is used only for small payments, then Alice will receive her salary on the blockchain, but is supposed to spend it on the LN.  I suppose that I don't need to explain why that would not work.


Define large.  Is a $100 supermarket or restaurant bill "large"?  Soon the transaction fees will be 2-3% of that...
For large payments, bitcoin cannot beat bank transfers, most of them being free.  It might beat international wires, Visa, PayPal, etc. on the matter of fees (if the 1 MB limit is lifted).  But even then it cannot beat them on security, reliability, customer assistance, etc.
@_date: 2017-04-29 16:31:06


And that is what I said. A channel opening transaction is a *special kind* of on-chain transaction, with its outputs requiring multisgs by sender and receiver, etc..  
When people say "on-chain payment" they mean plain transactions without those specific characteristics.  If Alice's employer sends her a 10 BTC paycheck as an ordinary on-chain transaction, Alice can start spending those coins immediately to other people, with ordinary on-chain transactions.
If Alice's employer instead sends her 10 BTC paycheck in the form of a channel opening transaction, Alice cannot spend them right away with ordinary transactions.  If Alice thinks that it is too much money to keep in the LN, she must use a channel closing transaction right away, and then wait for the bounty hunting timeout.  If she spends 1 BTC with an LN transaction back to her employer, she cannot then spend the other 9 BTC to other people right away -- unless they are LN users too, and her employer agrees to serve as an intermediary in chain payments.


It is not possible to foresee all problems that may occur.  But there are plenty of serious problems that we can see already, which have no solutions in sight.  It is the acme of irresponsability to include the LN in the bitcoin evolution roadmap before those problems are solved.
One of the essential things that should be done at this stage is write down a possible future scenario, when the LN is supposed to have (say) 10 million users -- but **with numbers** like distribution and frequency of payments by consumers, merchants, and other market sectors.  That is not meant to be a *prediction*, and must not even be a *probable* scenario; it only has to be self-consistent -- to prove that the LN is not unfeasible a priori.


In theory, yes.  If you get hacked, it is your fault, for failing to apply necessary security measures -- like never running any closed-source code, carefully inspecting and validating  the source of every software you use (including the operating system and the javascript in every HTML page that you access), and compiling all software on your own machine with a trusted compiler system.
In practice, the security that general users practice is totally not enough.  If a hacker invades your system, he may steal your bank password or CC security data; but usually you can call the bank or Visa to reverse the damage (and the bank may even call you before processing an "unusual" payment).
Recall the Blockchain.Info "bad RNG" incident, a couple of years ago? Their CTO released a new version of their wallet with a buggy random number generator, with the result that (1) new private keys generated by that wallet were easy to guess, and (2) old private keys, even generated by other software, could be deduced if two transactions were issued with BCI's walled using the same input address.  
Thousands of addresses were affected and had their contents stolen; it only failed to be a Titanic disaster because a white-hat hacker was monitoring the blockchain for cases of (2) and promptly alerted BCI, who pulled the buggy wallet after a couple of hours.


A typical bitcoin user cannot avoid using exchanges and payment processors -- just as a typical computer user cannot avoid blindly trusting third-party software, including closed-source binaries.  Thus the MtGOX theft/embezzlement/fraud must be counted as part of the risk of using bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:34:39
A miner or a cartel with more than half of the hashpower could do many nasty things, including changing the protocol - as long as the change is not too obviously nasty.
You will be told that it is impossible, that the power actually lies with the "economic majority", that the cartel would never do that because it would make the coin worthless and hence ruin their profits, that miners and bitcoiners would ignore the cartel's fork and migrate en masse to an "orthodox" fork, etc..  That is all wishful thinking, that bitcoin holders must tell each other in order to continue believing...
For starters, a majority of miners could block the "orthodox"  branch of the blockchain for as long as they wanted to, mining only empty blocks and orphaning all blocks found by minority miners.  Then no one woudl be able to move their coins, unless they accepted the change and upgraded to the cartel's version of the software.
@_date: 2015-08-03 09:01:08


I don't know that.  But, since there is no barrier to entry, mining should expand until it is  moderately profitable, taking into account capital expenses and risks.  (If mining profits were huge, more miners would come in, until mining became comparable to other good investments.)   And the price has been dropping for 18 months, while there was a boom of mining startups and mining equipment offerings in 2013-2014.  And the [total hashrate has practically stopped growing](  


I don't know that either, but why would someone outside China join a Chinese mining pool?  It is a fact that there are several large mining farms in China, and there must be many smaller ones too.


Not because they are Chinese, but because they are all in the same country, under a government that has a strong control of economy (and hence could easily put pressure on them, slightly more easily than the US could pressure US miners), and because they have shown (twice) that they can get together and take joint decisions on matters of common interest.  And, mainly, because only 4 of them have 57% of the world's hashpower.


The last halving, on 2012-22-28, did not have any immediate consequence on the price, which remained flat or slightly dropping for another 5 weeks. 
 Comparison of prices across exchanges indicates that the rally that started around 2013-01-05 was pulled by BTC-China and Bitfinex -- therefore, most likely not caused by the halving, but by a surge in demand (like the previous rallies, that happened when there were no halvings).  
The mined coins only increase the total coin supply by 10% per year; that cannot explain the price rise in 2013, nor the 70% decline in 2014.  
And, finally, traders explain the lack of reaction of the price to the halving by saying that predictable events get "priced in" in advance: i.e. the price today already takes into account that there will be a halving of the supply in 2016.  


Everybody agrees that a mining majority can delay selected transactions and freeze specific coins indefinitely.


I suppose you mean bitcoin-the-pyramid-schema: I have a sincere wish that it collapses soon, before it can do more harm.  Bitcoin-the-cryptocurrency-experiment is worthwhile and interesting, but I cannot admire it until all the swindlers and snake oil salesmen leave it alone.


You had better get away from bitcoin, it is driving you insane.  (And you did not answer: are you Brazilian?)
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:03:28
Darn, I can't play that video in my Fedora browser.  Was it the MMM ponzi? Does it use bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-04-01 17:03:26
And despite your lies, I did not claim either of those things to "authorities".
@_date: 2017-04-26 05:21:31


The two roles seem different, and seem to need different "tools".  The CA needs transactions that will close the channel at the last state (can't he be a Cheating Attorney by sending old state instead?) The BH needs the punishing trasactions that are conditional on old states showing up on the blockchain.


Not really.  Once Alice has paid Mallory 5 BTC for coffe (a lot of them), he can pay 3 BTC back to her for a laptop.  But then he can try to defraud her by closing the channel at the previous state when he gets 5 BTC instead of 2.
And Alice can defraud Mallory right after her first payment.  After enough back and forth, either one can cheat the other.


That does not make sense. The CA and BH will have to work even is no user ever cheats or is abducted.  So they need to be paid continuously, whether they act or not.  Like real attorneys.  In fact, they need to be paid for as long as the channel is open, by one or both parties, even if the channel is not being used any more.


But only while they are running and the computer is connected to the internet.  There are many places and situations where that is just impossible. 
If you are unexpectedly disconnected from the internet, you won't be able to hire a CT and BH at that moment.  So you must have them hired all the time...
But the fatal flaw of the LN is that [it is inherently insecure](  The plain bitcoin network at least offers some specific guarantees once a transaction is confirmed; and the guarantee become stronger as time passes.  The LN cannot offer any guarantees of anything: even after you received a payment through it, and the LN transacton protocol is complete, there is no guarantee that it will be confirmed in the blockchain when you try to close the channel.  Indeed, the (non)guarantee becomes weaker as time passes.
@_date: 2015-07-08 03:46:47


As I argued elsewhere, this idea seems great only until one tries to actually define the automatic fee algorithm.  The optimum fee cannot be predicted, because it depends on information that the wallet does not have.  It would not reduce the average delay, only make the delay and the proper fee even harder to guess.  It would make the client experience more frustrating, whether or not the client can afford to keep watching the queue for hours, bumping the fee.  (Clients do not exist solely for the purpose of making the protocol wheels spin...)
Congestion will not create a "fee market".  Instead, clients will leave bitcoin altogether; not because of high fees, but because of the "traffic jams" that will become more frequent and longer lasting as the average traffic gets close to the capacity.  
In the "steady" state, traffic jams will occur perhaps once or twice a day, at peak hours or due to random variations of traffic and block rate; and will last up to a couple of hours.  The fees will be relevant only during jams, but the proper fee will be unpredictable because each jam will be different, and the fee threshold will vary continuously during it.
Bitcoin's variable fee model is just stupid.  Even an illiterate street vendor knows that the price must be fixed (proportionally to the value of the service rendered to the client, not to the internal costs or instantaneous demand), and clients must be served on first-come-first-served basis, as much as possible.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:43:30


All payment systems get their revenue from users.  However tey find it more pratical to charge the merchants, and let merchants pass the cost to the customers. 


That was a blunder indeed.  However, the problem is that the BTC price, hence the cost of mining, is maybe 1000 x what it should be, given the current size of the user base.  If the price was 0.27 instead of 270 USD/BTC, the actual cost of a transaction would be ~0.008 USD instead of ~8 USD.
@_date: 2017-04-02 02:49:31


No.  Gold (like bitcoin) is a non-productive asset with an overinflated price.  Investing in gold (like investing in bitcoin) is a stupid idea, like investing in lottery tickets.  
I believe that people should be free to do whatever they want with their money, including gambling it away -- as long as they know that they are gambling, and are not misled about the odds.    
But those who try to sell a gambling game as "investment", and/or try to induce the marks to believe that the odds are higher than they are in reality -- those are scammers, and should be stopped if possible.  
Unfortunately, many such scammers are careful with their words so that one cannot prove in court that they were misleading the victims -- "I was just expressing an opinion".


That is the difference between stocks and bitcoins that the bitcoin peddlers want people to ignore.   To wisely invest in something, you must investigate that something, and check that it does indeed have the potential to create wealth, whose profit you will share.  
There are bad stocks, of course; but every company, when it is created, must convince potential investors that it has a good chance of making a profit -- enough to return their investment and give them some profit too.  For that it must provide a detailed business plan, market research, top staff histories, etc.
Thus, at its creation, investing in a sound company is a "gamble" with positive expected return.  Like betting $10 on a coin toss with a $20 payoff if correct.  You may lose money in that toss; but you play enough times, you will make a profit in the end, almost certainly.  And the more you play, the bigger and more certain the profit will be.
Investing in lottery tickets or in a ponzi scheme, on the other hand, has negative expected profit.   If 1000 people bet $1 each, for a single prize of $500, the expected profit of each player is $0.50 negative.  One of them may win, but playing more times will almost certainly result in a loss, and the more one plays the larger the loss.
Investing in bitcoin has negative expected profit too.  There is no source of revenue other than what investors put into the "game"; that would make it a zero-sum game, where any profits are balanced by other people losses.   But miners sell coins without putting any money into the game.  That makes it a negative-sum game for the investors.   Like that lottery above.
@_date: 2017-04-28 04:43:57


There are three facts to consider:
1. The protocol ONLY works if the decision about (1) which transactions to include in the blockchain is taken by the MINERS alone, by majority vote, weighted by hashpower.  That power implies that the miners have the power to (2) impose or veto changes to the protocol.  These are mathematical statements, not fuzzy guesses.  Thus, one cannot take power (2) away from the miners, and give it to some other entity, without also taking away power (1) -- and breaking the system.
2.  Another condition that is ESSENTIAL for the protocol to work is that mining power be widely dispersed over thousands of anonymous independent miners, so that no subset of them with a majority of the hashpower can conspire and coordinate their actions to pursue strategies that are unprofitable in the short run but give them higher profit in the long run.
3. There are noy half a dozen companies that control more than 60% of the world's hashpower; and they have got together, several times, to coordinate actions of their common interest.
So, what conclusion can you make of these facts?


Once again: the whole point of bitcoin was to get a system that worked without depending on the good will of a hypothetical community.  If that was OK, there would be no need for blockhain, PoW, mining, etc.
Many bitcoiners got used to the way that community-run projects like SMTP, Usenet news, and Wikipedia work, and unconsciously view bitcoin as one of them -- and assume that it can be developed and operated with the same (almost non-existent) standards of security and usability.  But those "standards" are unacceptable for a paymet system.  Even if it is only used for payments under $100, a million users losing that much money is not something that can be shrugged off with a "sorry".  That is why one needs *provable* security, not just hand-waving assurances that "it is unlikely to happen".
Back in the 1980s I used to waste time on the Usenet sci.space forum.  There were many folks there who were absolutely angry at NASA for being so bureaucratic and demanding about space equipment, spending millions of dollars to develop banal things like screwdrivers and toilets.  They fantasized of private enterprise building a "no frills" lunar base for mere thousands of dollars.  That's because they unconsciously appled to the problem of building and living in space the same mindset that they developed when living in wild places on Earth -- where, if something fails, the worst that might happen is that you have to eat rats, use an umbrella in your bedroom, or walk 10 miles to the nearest gas station.  
But that was before the Shuttle disasters, of course...
It is unfortunate that most bitcoin "gurus" (including the chief Core developers) have forgotten, often intentionally, the very basics of bitcoin -- including why it was worth paying any attention to. 


No, there aren't.  There are things one can *try* in order to get stuck transactions to confirm; but there is no way to assign a probability to them working.  Again, they are not **real** solutions to the problems that they are meant to solve, but only "hacker's solutions".


Implementations can be fixed.  The protocol designed by Satoshi has *not* been proven insecure.   It became insecure because it explicitly assumed widely dispersed mining, but mining became centralized instead.  
It is a flaw of the protocol that mining *inevitably* becomes centralized if it is a profitable activity.  There are other flaws, and several of them have no known fix. But they are all economic in nature, and he did not (and could not) prove economic predictions.


Not at all. A channel opening transaction is a very special kind of transaction, with multisig outputs etc..  A typical "on-chain payment" transaction makes the full output amount imediately available to the receiver with no further signature from the sender.


But YOU said that the LN is NOT supposed to be used for high value payments.  So the premise is that Alice's paycheck does NOT open an LN channel.


Indeed.  Can'y you see that the risks of accidental loss and theft of bitcoins are much greater than those of bank payments, by orders of magnitude?
You hear a lot about credit card fraud, and it may seem that it is a huge problem.  But that is because the number and volume of CC payments is HUGE.  CC fraud is actually 0.1% of the total volume or so.  In comparison, the 600 k BTC eaten by MtGOX alone were like 5% of all bitcoins in circulation at the time...
@_date: 2017-04-02 13:08:14
Oh, OK.  You took it all too literally.
Of course HE was not going to create an ETF.  He was just rooting for it and hates me because he thinks that I had any influence on the SEC's decision.  
The reason why he was rooting for the ETF is that he (like the Winklevoss brothers and all those who rooted for the ETF) owns some bitcoins, and hoped that many naive investors who would not or could not invest in bitcoins (such as Americans with individual retirement accounts) would be tricked into investing them into shares of the COIN ETF.  
Those naive investors, he hoped, would think that COIN was a good investment because it was "approved by the SEC" and "there was that guy on TV saying that it might be sson worth a million dollars".  
Since COIN buys bitcoins whenever someone buys COIN shares, getting those naive investors to buy COIN would be just as good as getting them to buy bitcoins.  It would cause the price to rise, which would let him (and the Winkles, and all other bitcoin holders) to sell their bitcoins for a nice profit.  
Needless to say, he did not worry about those investors losing their life savings, because it was their decision to invest in COIN and that is what can happen with any investment bla bla bla.
Clear now?
@_date: 2016-09-03 05:24:09


The devices may do a handshake directly; but, in order to send bitcoins, the sending device must contact the 21 inc server, because "its" bitcoins only exist in a lledger kept by that server.   Either the sending device requests a withdrawal of actual bitcons in the blockchain (and faces a 20 minute delay) or asks the 21inc server to transfer N satoshis to the account of the receiving device.  Either way, the sending device must identify itself to the 21inc server.


In that case each chip will mine 1/50 of what it mines today; that is, about $0.02 **per month**.  Not counting the additional halvings.  What can one do with that?  (Or even with $0.03 per day?)
On the other hand, those 1 billion chips would be wasting 10 GW of electricity. That is slighlty more than twice the maximum power output of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant (all 6 reactors), which was one of the 15 largest power stations in the world.  
No matter how you look at it, embedded mining is a stupid idea.  Trying to push the cost of mining to consumers, while taking a fat slice of the mined bitcoins -- which is what 21inc's business plan was about, is a stupid **evil** idea.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:22:42


That is my understanding too.  Until the channel is settled or times out, the state of the system is recorded only in the LN "wallets" of Alice and Bob.
Which creates an obvious problem for the dream of frictionless cheap multihop routing...


One could argue that there **is** a network state, that includes the contents of the LN wallets; but it is not possible to know it in its entirety.  Alice only knows the funding limits of all channels (but does not know who are their owners) and the state of the channels that she has with other people.  
There may be a weak invariant that can be suitably interpreted to mean "no coins are lost or double-spent".  But it may not mean that, for practical purposes.  When a bank deducts a check twice from an account, it does not destroy or create dollar bills; but that is not much consolation for the owner of the account...
@_date: 2018-11-22 02:49:41
Two people here asked you were you bought the Trezor, and you did not answer.  That is very important; please explain.
If indeed [the theft occurred 15 minutes after you loaded the coins]( int the Trezor, I can think of three ways:
1. You got a fake Trezor which generates private keys that the thief knows of can easily guess.  He was monitoring the blockchain, and as soon as he saw coins go into that address, he took them.
2. You got a Trezor that had already been initialized, and the passphrase was not chosen by you; instead it came in a piece of paper inside the box.  (This is a rather crude attack, but there are known cases where it worked).
3.  Someone helped you to set up the Trezor, and he noted down the passphrase as you wrote it down. 
There may be other possibilities, like a hidden camera, etc.
@_date: 2016-09-27 23:10:48


Note that I said "a plan **that passes the basic math test**".
The Lightning Network still does not have a design that works for a million users. 


Sometimes one uses basic math with the wrong premises, and gets stupid conclusions, like "vehicles heavier than air cannot possibly fly", or "rockets cannot fly outside the atmosphere because there is no air fr them to push against", or "continents cannot move relative to each other because there is no force strong enough to make them slide over the underlying rocks".  
But even then the basic math is useful: it passes the ball to those who claim that the things are possible, spurring them to find and point out the bad assumptions of the naysayers.
In the case of the LN, there are several problems that no one knows how to solve, and no one knows whether they can be solved at all.  I got tired of asking to the proponents of the LN that they provide a scenario that is minimally viable (it does not have to be likely) with (say) 1 million consumers and 1000 merchants, whith the basic numbers: average payments per user, average amount locked up in each payment channel, etc.  They never provided such scenario; and I believe that they just cannot, because there is none.
Consider, for one thing, that the LN will reduce on-chain traffic only if 70% or more of all active bitcoiners use the LN for most of their payments.  Otherwise, LN payments will cost **more**, take **more** time,  and require **more** on-chain transactions than plain on-chain payments.  So the LN cannot start small and gradually attract the rest of bitcoin users: it woudl have to start out, from day 1, with all bitcoin users on board.
And that is just one of its problems...
@_date: 2016-09-01 06:00:21


Well, it seems tha those who take 21inc seriously just refuse to understand the aruments.  
Such as the fact that there is absolutely no advantage in  having the chip physically attached to the device that is supposed to use those bitcoins, rather than in your basement or in some warehouse in Tibet.
Or the fact that a device that needs bitcoins to function (if such a thing will ever exist) may easily need more bitcoin than its embedded chip will generate -- and then wil have to stop working.


Not really: the mining chip *must* mine into a pool -- the 21inc pool, in the case of their chip). So its bitcoins will actually be entries in a ledger stored in the pool's server, as if they were at Coinbase. To use the mined bitcoins, the device must contact the server, identify itself, and ask for a withdrawal (or ask 21inc to pay someone else, as one would do with PayPal).


Computer scientists and entrepreneurs have been trying to get micropayments to work for the last 30 years or more.  They have failed precisely because of that: people want convenience, and micropayments are just too inconvenient, considering the penny shavings that that they *might* save.


Forget battery powered devices: they cannot afford a chip that pulls 10 W and must talk constantly to the pool server, 24/7.
Even 21inc admitted that embedded mining is not worth the trouble for laptops and desktops.
@_date: 2016-09-29 09:11:56


It definitely has a fuzzy idea: people exchanging unbroadcast transactions through chains of payment channels to send bitcoins p2p.  
So far there is no evidence that this fuzzy idea can be fleshed out into a design that that works for a million nodes, even on paper.
The lack of a more concrete design (in spite of it being sought for, for more than a year now) is only one of the problems with that fuzzy idea.  
Other problems with the fuzzy idea:
+ Users will need to lock their bitcoins in specific channels for months in advance.
+ Users will have to pay fees to all the intermediaries in a path.  
+ Both parties and all intermediaries must to be online at the same time in order to make a payment.  
+ Opening a new payment channel incurs the blockchain delay and fees.
+ Closing a channel takes 1-2 days, during which time the funds locked into it are unavailable to both parties.
+ If the receiver fails to close a channel before the lock expires, he loses all the payments received through it.
+ If an LN user erases his LN wallet, there is no way to recover it, since the LN transactions that were stored in it may not be stored anywhere else.
+ Big centralized hubs will have a huge advantage over distributed intermediaries, both for their opeerators and for their users.
+ Walmart will not want to open 1 payment channel to each customer.  They will want to receive payment through a small number of hubs.  These will need to borrow lots of bitcoins to fund the channels to Walmart.  That creates default risk for the lender.
And so on...
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:29:19
It varies a bit, but last time I looked at the BCI piechart: 
The top 3 miners had &gt; 50%
The top four Chinese miners had ~55%
The top five miners (the 4 Chinese plus the Ukranian BitFury) had &gt; 70%
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:19:00
The purpose of having a hard cap on the block size should be obvious to any competent software developer.  That is why the original implementation of bitcoin had a  block size limit (32 MB).
The reason why that limit was lowered to 1 MB by Satoshi was to ward off **one** specific type of attack, when a miner creates (by malice or accident) a block that is large enough to break something in the system. At that time, Satoshi wrote that the limit could be increased later, when needed, by doing a hard fork.  I don't know what was that something that could break; may have been related to internet bandwidth.  But definitely **the 1 MB limit was NOT meant to limit the number of transactions per day, or to create a "fee market".**
Also, the 1MB limit was **not** meant to ward off the **other** kind of attack where a malicious client issues an excessive number of transactions, with the aim of creating a traffic jam at the nodes (like is happening now).  As a weak protection againts this "spam attack", the number of free transactions in a block was eventually limited, and a minimum fee was required for the rest, intended to make such spam attacks expensive. 
This stress test showed that the minimum fee is still too low for the 1 MB limit, so that spam attacks are still rather cheap (5000 euros was said to be the budget of the current one).  Either the minimum fee should be raised substantially, or the 1MB cap should be increased substantially, or both.  
Spam attacks cannot be completely prevented, however.  No matter how big the cap and how high the fee, an attacker with a large enough budget can always do it.  So let's just say that we want to make a spam attack 100 times more expensive than it is now.
If the fee is not increased, the block size limit would have to be 100MB or more.  But that would bring its own problems, including the risk of a "big block" attack.  
So the minimum fee must be raised substantially.  Right now the minimum fee for an average transaction seems to be about 0.01 USD.  Requiring a minimum fee 100 times larger, 1.00 USD, would severely impact the use of bitcoin. 
In conclusion, both the minimum fee and the block size cap must be increased.  Say, a minimum fee of ~0.10 USD and a max block size of 8 MB.  That would put the minimu cost of filling 100% of the network's capacity for 1 day to about 300'000 USD.  That cost barrier will not protect bitcoin from a bank or a government, but is better than a 4000 USD one...
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:03:20
You know, the best reason for people to keep away from bitcoin is the kind of people who love it.
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:00:47


That woudl be the case if the blocks were spaced exactly (or almost exactly) 10 minutes apart, like buses of a specific bus line.  However, a paradoxical feature of the exponential distribution is that, no matter when the previous block was found, the expected time to the next block is always the same (10 minutes).  
Indeed, the distribution of the times to the next block is independent of how long ago the previous block was found.  Because of this property, the exponential distribution is said to be "memoryless" (and it it is the only probablility distribution with this property).
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:41:05
It would have to be in the 'consensus rules' so that the miners cannot  change them.  Attempts to charge extra fees "on the outside" would not work (just as the "fee market" will not work) because the miners cannot guarantee prompt service, and are not guaranteed to collect them.  (Unless the miners join in a cartel, which would make the death of bitcoin impossible to ignore.)
@_date: 2016-09-10 17:26:05
No, I will check...
@_date: 2017-04-02 06:57:52


The SEC asked for comments about COIN.  If they had asked about GLD, knowing what I know now, I could have written them a similar letter.  I can't imagine how GLD could be seen to have been good for mankind.   The world would be much better, and much misery would have been avoided, if that ETF had never been approved;
Except that I am no more qualified to write about GLD than millions of other people; so I would probably have not bothered, hoping than someone else would write.  
About COIN, on the other hand, I was one of very few who could have written in detail why it was a bad idea.  So in a sense I felt obliged to do it.
But in the end it was not needed.  It is obvious that the SEC never intended to approve COIN, and left it sit there for 3.5 years, perhaps in the vain hope that the Winkles would get the clue and retract the proposal, saving them the trouble to reject it.  But instead they tried to force the SEC to take a decision...


It was that until around 1970, maybe.  If you look at the chart of its price over the last century, it is clear that it is now only about 25% boring zero-profit low-risk investment, and 75% a speculative gambling game.  That is, if you buy 1 oz of gold today, you are investing $300 in that boring asset, and betting $900 in a running ponzi-like game, where the only way to make a profit is to take the money lost by some other investor -- largely by luck.
If you need that money a few years from now, you can be fairly certain to recover the $300.  As for the other $900, who knows: you may get back a lot more, but you may also lose it all.  And the losers must lose a bit more than all the winners will gain.


No.  The fatal flaws of the bitcoin concept, that makes it unable to achieve its goal and to compete with traditional payment systems, are shared by them all.  


The only statistical theory about prices of assets that is confirmed by real data is the log-Brownian (or geometric Brownian) model.  It says that the price tomorrow (or next year, or next minute) is the current price, plus a percentage change (positive or negative) that is totally independent of past prices.   In other words, what the price did in the past gives absolutely no information about what it will do in the future, 
When I started following bitcoin, in Nov/2013, everybody "knew"  that the price was growing by a series of bubbles, spaced about 9 months apart, each leaving it at a higher level -- resulting in an overall trend of 1000%  per year or so.   Everywhere one would find a log-scale plot of the price, with a red straight line roughly fitted and extrapolated out to $10'000 or $100'000.
Well, now it is undeniable that the "bubble train" and that trend ended in 2013.  The price dropped all through 2014, reached $250 in 2015 and spent 10 months there.  It recovered in 2016, but barely reached the Nov/2013 peak value before sliding down again.  
There is just no trend.  Even if you believe that past prices can predict the future, you cannot get an optimistic reading from them.
Objectively, bitcoin has been dead since mining got centralized,  At that point it ceased to be a "payment system that did not require a mutally trusted third party".   Since that was the only reason for its existence, it ceased making sense then.  One may argue that it died even before that: namely, when MtGOX opened and bitcoin was turned into a ponzi-like game rather than a payment system.  
The network is still functioning today only because it makes money for many people.  The holders of old cheap bitcoins must pretend that it is still alive, in order to convince new investors to buy their coins at a premium.  Mining is still a very profitable way for miners to take money from suckers.  And bitcoin (or any other crypto) is the only internet payment system that criminals can use.  But, even for the latter, it does just what Liberty Reserve did 10 years ago -- only that absurdly more expensive, inconvenient, and slow.
@_date: 2018-11-15 10:40:29
O hi, Greg, you are still around?  Sill waiting for the "stable fee market" to appear?


Of course.


If a user who needs to find a path can obtain the state of any channel that he considers relevant, even approximately, he can monitor your channels to detect significant payments.  That is why the current design keeps channel states hidden.
(Another "advantage" of keeping the states hidden is that no one can tell whether those 4000 current users are using the LN at all.)
By the way, even without an explicit way to make state information available, that information can be obtained.  Suppose Charlie has a channel C to you.  I try to send you a $100 payment through a path that ends with C.  Charlie says "no, sorry, can't do".  Then I try to send $50 through the same path.  Charlie says "can do", but I say "oops, changed my mind, forget it".  Now I know (without spending a cent) that the state of C is between $100 and $50 of balance.  With more such probes I can get a more accurate value, and repeating the probe later I can tell whether you sent or received any payment.


If every user who needs a path could get the state of any channel that he thinks he may need, then every single payment may require hundreds of channel state queries and/or attempted path negotiatuons -- even if the state of those channels did not change.  That does not scale well, and opens the network to DDoS attacks.


Far from me suggesting that bitcoin by itself can scale to "Visa-size, now".  It doesn't --- and that is why thoroughly dishonest guys like you need to keep the fiction of the LN alive.


I never assumed that it had to find an optimal route.  Stop raising that straw man. 
 Finding a *viable* route (with enough capacity in every hop) is the problem -- that no one knows how to solve, because the necessary data is missing.
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:00:23


No, I think that Greg will eventually have to yield and allow bigger blocks.  But, given the current political scene, I suspect that it will take another couple of years.  By then people may realize that bitcoin is not decentralized, and therefore PoW is only a huge waste of money.  
And, anyawy, even with 100MB blocks a cryptocurrency would be unable to carry all the payment traffic of a medium-size country.


Not at all.  Basic math will tell you that you cannot fit 100 eggs in Coke can, even if you have only a very rough idea of the sizes of those objects. 
It is not intelectually honest to claim that bitcoin can be a competitor to Visa without having a plan for it that passes the basic math test.
@_date: 2016-09-10 22:17:25
Do you consider Silbert's BIT fund more auditable than a gold ETF?
AFAIK, the COIN fund would not be much different from BIT in that regard.  The main differences will be in how the shares can be traded. 
@_date: 2016-09-30 11:39:24
That is indeed a risk.  A soft fork may invalidate such "pickled"  transactions (signed but not broadcast).  
That is just one facet of this fact: the protocol does not guarantee that your transactions will be confirmed, even if they have been sent to the miners and are Ok according to the posted rules.  
Those people who define and execute soft forks will hopefully try to preserve the validity of pickled transactions that are likely to exist.  But that is technically impossible in general.
For example, the SegWit soft fork will redefine an operation code that currently means "do nothing" to mean "check the signature in the extension part of the transaction, and reject the transaction if the test fails".  Therefore, any pickled transaction that uses that opcode, assuming that it does nothing, will become invalid after SegWit is activated.  
This risk is one of the problems that the LN needs to solve, because it relies on users exchanging transactions that are not broadcast for months.  If a party knows that an upcoming soft fork will make feature X invalid, he could use feature X when paying through the LN.  That transaction would look valid to the receiver, but would be invalid if he tries to cash it out after the soft fork is activated.
@_date: 2016-09-10 16:35:22
Bitfinex's client accounts were protected by 2-of-3 multisig: Bitfinex, client, and BitGo.  But since Bitfinex had to update thousands of such accounts every day, BirGo automatically signed any transactions that Bitfinex would send them.
The point is that multisig works only ***IF*** it is used properly.  But there is no way to audit a fund's premises after the fact to verify that the procedure you described was carried out.  
Typically, several of the multisig keys are held by officers (like CFOs or marketing managers) who are not computer nerds, and will ask someone else (like the CTO or sysadmin) to install the bitcoin wallet app on their laptops.  (Check the details of the ShapeShift heist to see how one well-placed individual can compromise multiple security barriers as easily as one.)
@_date: 2016-09-27 11:02:47
Even in countries with hyperinflation, very very few people would choose to use bitcoin over the national currency (or some stable foreign currency, like the dollar).  
@_date: 2016-09-29 09:14:27


I have seen this played out coutless times as well.  Pessimists are remembered only when they are wrong.  People have a strong tendency to forget those who could say "I tod you so, but you did not listen" ...
@_date: 2016-09-10 11:27:51


There is no way to make sure that no thief has got a copy of the private keys to that cold wallet.  The keys may have been copied when the key pairs were generated.  Or they may have been generated by a broken random number generator.  Or the people who have legitimate access to those keys may break bad and leak the keys to thieves.
That is quite unlike the situation of a fund backed by a material commodity like gold.  People can verify that the gold is physically well-protected against theft by outsiders and even insiders.   Hollywood notwithstanding, one cannot easily truck away a few tons of gold from an underground bank vault.  That is not the case for cryptocurrencies, [that don't weight anything]( and can be moved by anyone from anywhere in the world, without any physical action. 
Last time I checked, the possibility of theft was explicitly listed in the SEC filing as one of the risks that would result in total loss of value of the fund shares.
@_date: 2016-09-16 21:45:04


Like Liberty Reserve, bearer bonds, and numbered accounts in Swiss banks...
@_date: 2016-09-16 13:22:13


That is not true.  Only some states had laws expressely prohibiting alternate currencies, and even in those states paying things with bitcoin was legal as long as bitcoin was not explicitly classified as currency.   
Ecuador is one such country; but the law that prohibited the use of alternate currencies came out only in 2014 IIRC, when the government decided to create it own national eectronic payment system.
What is true is that most payments made with bitcoin were (and still are) illegal -- not because they use bitcoins, but because they pay for illegal substances and services, and/or failed to pay the relevant taxes.
It took explicit decisions in the US, for example, to classify bitcoin trading as a money transmission or service business, and therefore require the corresponding license.  


China has banned the use of bitcoin as currency, but mining companies and exchanges still propser and have no lack of funding.  
Anyway, investment that does not go into bitcoin companies is not "lost": it will all go into other investments, including some that make a mor positive contribution to mankind.


I don't think that bitcoin is seen as a serious threat to the dollar or any other national currency, even Venezuela's bolivar, except by a small segment of the population who already distrusts them (anarchists,libertarians, goldbugs, etc.)


I really don't see how it could have that effect.  If buying bitcoins is illegal, for example, the police will have a motive to set up stings operations, co-opt traders, etc. (And "fungible" does not mean what bitconers think it means.) 


If bitcoin trading becomes illegal, sites like purse.io will be as illegal as Silk Road, and will get the same treatment.


Running an openbazaar server in your home, accepting bitcoins, would be illegal too.  Would you be able to hide your bazaar from the police?
@_date: 2016-02-01 15:20:37


Please excuse the question, but was any change committed to core against your will, in the last year or so?
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:28:50


There are only 15 bitcoin mining companies in the whole world, of which 6 have something like 80% of all hashpower.  The number can only get smaller.    That is probably less than the number of Swiss banks that had numbered accounts, and certainly much less than  the number of companies in the world that were issuing bearer bonds.


That would be totally useless, of course.  (But they might arrest Satoshi, charging him with intentionally creating a Liberty Reserve 2.0. I believe that it is one of the most likely reasons why he disappeared, and has not touched his bitcoins since then.)  


Probably as much sympathy as Arthur Budovsky and Ross Ulbricht got.  See how much it helped them.


For one thing, by making it a financial crime to trade cryptocurrency or use it as payment for goods and services.  Then, how would one use bitcoins -- say, to buy or sell illegal stuff online?
@_date: 2016-09-27 01:27:48


I don' t think that the SEC asks for updates.  AFAIK, the Winkles submitted the amended filings on their own initiative, because some things changed while the request sat on the SEC's desk.  For instance, their first filing had MtGOX as the main bitcoin exchange.
@_date: 2018-11-15 14:56:34
Indeed, Greg's "arguments" only confirm that the LN is fundamentally flawed.
@_date: 2016-09-03 17:02:24


Indeed, but it obviously plays a role in a discussion of mining profitability (whether for the Chinese or for 21inc).  Even 21inc had to put some price forecasts in their slides, in order to predict their profits. 


If there are 1 billion mining chips, each chip will earn at most one billionth of the total mining revenue.  It does not matter how powerful each chip is.  It does not matter whether that total mining revenue increases because the price of bitcoin increases or because fees (hence blockchain traffic) increases.   
The current total mining revenue is about 1800 BTC/day and 0.20 USD per transaction, and the network's throughput is ~220'000 tx/day.  At current prices, the block rewards are worth about 1 million USD/day, and the fees add anothet 50'000 USD/day.
Divided by 1 billion, it is 0.001 US/day, or about 35 cents per year. 
The fee revenue is independent of the bitcoin price (even if fees are expressed in BTC/kB, it is the dollar value of the fee that matters to users) but proportional to the blockchain traffic, which is now effectively saturated.  It would need to grow by 20x (i.e., 20 MB blocks) to just equate the current block reward. 
Those 1 billion chips may be churning 50'000 PH/s. Indeed, mining would not be profitable for anyone except 21inc and its partners.  That is, instead of reducing mining centralization, it would centralize all mining in the 21inc pool.


According to the slides, the chip's output would be split between 21inc and the OEM, in 3:1 ratio. Then 21inc would credit the devices with some unspecified fraction of their 75% slice; the rest being 21inc's main source of revenue.


With the current BTC price and difficulty, the 21inc chip is expected to mine 0.035 USD/day.  Assuming 21inc keeps only 15% of that, the user gets 0.03 USD/day, or 0.90 USD/month.  And, as discussed above, this number is not going to increase; quite the opposite.
That is not enough to download one iTunes song per month.  Your smartphone's charger will not earn enough bitcoin to pay 1 day of the phone bill, or of the internet usage.
No matter how much bitcoin your wifi/router box earns, it may easily run out of its reserve if the human user needs many expensive services in a short time.  What happens then?  The router stops working?


That won't happen before a large fraction of the readership adopts it.
At the core, embedded mining has the same problem as the LN: its is a fuzzy dream, that people are putting real money into and betting the farm on, without making sure first that it has even a remote chance of being viable.  
In both cases, before proposing it, a responsibe and honest person would have to describe a future usage scenario, **with numbers**, that  is not obviously inviable.  With details like the number of users and service providers, usage per month, and the details of how a typical user would interact with the system, including joining it and handling expected accidents.
I have been asking such a scenario from the LN proponents, since the idea came out.  The conversation always stops at that point -- because they cannot find such a scenario.    In spite of all the sleek stuff that 21inc posted to their blog, they too have failed to provide such a scenario so far.  
@_date: 2016-09-27 10:35:09
If they were to use a central database, like exchanges do, there would be no advantage (and plenty of disadvantages) to use bitcoinn as the unit of accounting.  
Ecuador has set up a nationwide digital payment system run by the central bank and available to evey citizen.  Other countries may soon do the same.  But using their national currencies, not crypto.
@_date: 2016-09-16 01:52:52


My definition of "success" is not "price goes up".
Moreover, if the government decides to ban bitcoin trading, supply *and* demand will drop.  Whether the price will go up or down will depend on which one will trop the most. 
Also, it is no use if the street pric of bitcoin goes up, but selling a big hoard of bitcoin at that price becomes much harder.  Some of the big holders wil try to sell even at a loss, which will cause the price to drop.


Some governments will be more effective than others.  However, if it gets banne, it will probably be a joint decision by most Western governments; because a ban confined to one country will not be very effective.
@_date: 2018-03-31 22:03:45
In this sub the &lt;sarc&gt;...&lt;/sarc&gt; markup is implicit in all posts (except where it is not).
@_date: 2017-04-30 16:28:29
Thanks for the reply.  It all matches my understanding of the LN.
As for the Alice $10+$1 question, either I could not make myself clear, or I did not understand your answer.
Recapping: Suppose that the minimum on-chain tx fee is $0.50.  Alice opens a payment channel to Bob's diner, funded with (say) $15 and $0 from each side. (She pays $0.50 to do that).    Alice then buys fries&amp;coke and sends to Bob an LN payment of $10 with $1 fee, which is plenty enough at the time.
Two weeks later, because of increasing demand, the min fee for on-chain payments quickly rises to $3, before Bob can do anything.  Then what can he do?
He could close the channel with that $10+$1 transaction, and then issue a CPFP with $5 fee to pull it through,  But then he will get only $5 net, instead of $10.
He could contact Alice (as I thought that you had suggested) and ask her to replace that $10+$1 transaction by a $10+$3 one.  But Alice thinks that request is absurd, not to mention that Bob's fries were soggy and his coke was flat; so she refuses.   She has no hurry to get back her $4 balance, locked in the channel, and prefers to wait out for Bob to get desperate and use CPFP, rather than send him the extra $2 fee or do a $5 CPFP herself.  
The question may be more interesting if Alice had funded the channel with only $12 to start with.  And/or if Alice's $10+$1 transaction to Bob was only one leg of a 6-hop payment from Yves to Frank.
@_date: 2016-09-03 12:59:35


No, it takes into account the fact that the total revenue of all miners is fixed (now ~1850 BTC/day).  So, even if there are no miners other than those 21inc chips, if the total hashpower grows by 50x, the revenue per chip drops by 1/50.
Even if the price of bitcoin increases 10x, each chips would still make 1/5 in dollars of what it does now.  If the price of bitcoin increases 100x, then mining in China would again become profitable, and industrial for-profit miners would jump in until they get 50% of the total hashpower.  
That is, a 50 GH/s chip will never mine more than $0.05 per day, no matter what happens to the bitcoin price.  But it may mine a lot less than that.


I see, so the advantage would be anonimity of the device.  Then consider the following plan, just like 21inc's but without bitcoin:
When a consumer buys a device like a toaster ot phone charger, he gets inside it an extra CPU that is under control of 00inc, a cloud computing company.  The company sells that CPU power, keeps a slice of the money for itself, gives a sice to the device maker, and puts the rest ($0.05/day) in an account that is assigned to the device.  So, when the device needs to spend a few cents for some reason, it identifies itself to the 00inc server, proves its identity with a stored password, and tells the 00inc server to pay that amount to the other party (which may be either another device, a person, or a company, but must also have an account at 00inc).
Do you think that this plan would work?
Why would 2inc's plan be better than this one?  
@_date: 2017-04-26 13:37:09


Note that the CA and BH must receive their special txs promptly after every LN payment that each party issues.  That already invalidates micropayments, even if each LN user retains only one CA and one BH.  
Can you trust a kid with an RPi to keep his internet connection always open to receive all such txs from thousands of LN users, without dropping any?  
@_date: 2016-09-27 01:17:05
Indeed, I myself find it tiring to hear myself speaking. 8-)  Sorry about that.
@_date: 2016-09-28 01:13:03
IIRC, in the latest amendment to their filing, they gave up on the WinkIndex (which seems broken -- it often gives a price that is well above or below all the exchange prices that supposedly entered into it).  
Now the nominal value of the shares will eb defined instead by the Gemini trade price at 4:00 pm each day.   Since Gemini has comparatively little trade volume, and is under control of the Winkles, there is obvious risk of price manipulation, or of using a price that is significantly out of sync with the market.   
Thus the auction may be an attempt to ensure significant trade volume at 4:00 pm, giving more substance to the Gemini price at that tme.
I wonder whether the auction price will be lower or higher than the price achieved by standard trades at the same time.  Offhand, I would guess that traders who enter the auction will tend to be conservative:  the buyers will bid well below market, and the sellers will ask well above it.  So the auction may not be very successful, and may often result in zero trades.  Does this make sense? 
@_date: 2016-09-17 12:29:37


To the prosecutors, that will be an insignificant distinction.  Bitcoin is not an abstract mathematical concept: it is a payment system as "concrete" as Liberty Reserve or Silk Road.  If that system is ever considered to have a criminal purpose, anyone who intentionally played a significant role in creating and runing it -- whether by mining coins, by relaying transactions, running exchanges, or developing the software that made it work -- could well be considered equally guilty.


If customers can find Joe's openbazaar, law enforcement can too.  Very few people, perhaps none, can run a dark market and evade the cops.
For buying bitcoins, in particular, how would a customer send dollars to Joe's bitcoin micro-exchange?


If bitcoin trade is criminalized, cops will easily fill their daily arrest quota by posing as local buyers or sellers of bitcoin.


And you understand that most people with jobs and families will rather not get into trouble with the law, do you?


WHY???  Why would one use bitcoin, it it may cost him a heavy fine or jail?
@_date: 2016-09-01 08:29:57


The point is that those "device-to-device" transactions inevitably require a middleman -- the pool; and that the bitcoins are not really mined by the chip,
but are provided by the pool.  The device must identify itself to the pool in order to claim the satoshis mined by its chip, and needs the pool's intermediation to use them.
So, how is that better than having a centralized server, like PayPal?


Bitcoin and 21inc do not make microtransactins easier; quite the opposite.  They would always be simpler to implement with a centralized server.  The rason they haven't succeeded in these 30 years is that they are a kludge in search of a problem...


No, we don't agree.  That is the point: micropayments cost too much **in user inconvenience and time** compard to their value.  Try to think how they woudl work, **without skipping any details** -- such as how the tariff is negotiated and the payment is authorized.


Good, but then why stop there?  Why not put it in a Chinese factory?  Why do people buy eggs at supermarkets, instead of raising chickens in their living homes?
@_date: 2016-09-27 11:49:38
Below that litter there is a mile-thick layer of wild hopes that, they too, proved to be completely incorrect...  
@_date: 2016-09-16 13:54:00


Yes.  And most people would rather not be criminals.


Yes, that is what I meant.  As far as the price is concerned, that is the "supply" that matters.


That effect is always much smaller than the opposite: people shunning it because they do not want to be 


Governments hate when people exchange too much of their national currency for foreign currency, because that puts lots of the former in the hands of foreign banks and governments, who can therefore manipulate its value in ways that the government does not like.  For the same reasons, they hate when people sell things their local property, like land or factories or stocks in national companies, to foreign investors in exchange for foreign currency.  That is generally the spirit of "capital flight control" laws.
Bitcoin is a terrible way to evade such "capital flight control" laws.  Everytime a country announces such moves, the price of bitcoin shoots up because bitcoiners hope that it will drive people to bitcoin; but then it crashes back, when that demand fails to materialize.  


The former.  If it is recognized as something that has no other utility than to facilitate crime, it will be included in the fight against crime.   See what happened to Liberty Reserve, the bearer bonds, the numbered Swiss accounts...


The ban woudl of course cover all unregulated virtual currencies, whatever their technical details.
China just prohibited the use of any currency other than CNY for domestic e-commerce, and prohibited financial institutions from touching bitcoin.  For a while, they considered prohibiting banks from serving bitcoin exchanges, and some banks did close their accounts.  But in the end they seem to have relented on that.
Ecuador banned the use any virtual currencies, as part of their creation of a national electronic payment system.  
Russia apparently will ban domestic trade of bitcoins or use of bitcoins but will allow possession and trading in foreign markets, in some form.
@_date: 2016-09-02 15:24:45


The device must open an account at 21inc and keep a password or private key to identify itself as the owner of that account.  So what is the difference between that and opening an account a PayPal?


What I described is the LN payment channel (actually a simpler type of channel, unidirectional). 


Developing is slowing down because the future of mining is very uncertain.  There is little reason to think that the price of the coin will be significantly higher in the future.  If the coin price is slowly increasing, stable or decreasing, the total hashpower will adjust so that mining is barely profitable for the most efficient mines in the places with cheapest electricity.  
The economics are such that the total hashpower will track the coin price and the block reward, with a few months of delay.  As a consequence, a fixed amount of hashpower will collect the same USD value per day, no matter what happens to the price.  Even if the price rises to 500'000 USD/BTC, the 21inc chip will still mine only 2-3 cents per day.
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:33:32
I don't think he was being douche.  He surely had a real job, and bitcoin was only his off-work project. He could just not have the time to explain something that h thought was quite easy to figure out.
@_date: 2016-09-29 17:45:05


No.  You can open a bank account with a small amount of money and then add more later.  You can wthdraw in cash and transfer to other accounts at any time, with egligible penalties.  
On the other hand, if you expect to pay your rent through the LN, you must lock up six months of rent right away; since you don't know whether you will be able to receive your salary or transfer funds  *throutgh the same channel*, and you cannot top up with bitcoins from your cold wallet.


Why?  Each intermediary is providing you a complicated service and lettting you use his channels and his bitcoins for your payment.  
The incoming and outgoing payments that he intermediates will cancel on the whole, but if he has more than one in- and one out-channel, the balances in each channel will take a long time to return to zero.  That reduces his ability to send money and intermediate transfers.


No. You can send a wire transfer to another account without the receiver being logged in, or even knowing that you are sending him the money.  Even if the payment has to go through several banks, they don't have to be online all at the same time.  Bank transfers are fire-and-forget.
In the LN, the two parties and all intermediaries must negotiate the payment online, because all hops must be executed atomically -- either all hops succeed, or they all fail.  Then there is that bounty stuff ...


WHAT advantages?


They may *sometimes* do that when you close an account, but often they will let you withdraw and close in tens of minutes at most.  In the LN, that 2-day delay will be the rule.  


Care to explain how that works?  If Alice funded a channel to Bob with 10 BTC, and paid only 4 BTC, and then Bob disappears -- how is Alice going to get her 6 BTC back?  If Bob was abducted 3 days before the lock expires, and returned by the aliens a week later, and Alice in the meanwhile collects all the 10 BTC -- how is Bob going to get his 4 BTC back?


Tech differs from religion and politics because, among other things, it must respect phisical and mathematical limits.  




The truth, pure and simple.  
Ordinary bitcoin transactions are stored in the blockchain, so if a user erases his wallet or loses his Trezor, he can recover his (key,address) pairs from a bank safety box or from a master password, and reconstruct his wallet by scanning the blockchain.  
The LN transactions do not appear in the blockchain or in any other ledger.  In principle they exist only in the LN wallets of the sender and receiver.  If someone loses his LN wallet, there is no way to recover all payments that he received through his payment channels, even if he can recover his  (key,address) pairs.


Hub centralization will happen **because** market forces drive the system towards it (as happened to bitcoin and other alts).  For one thing, big hubs will have lower fees and better service than small hubs: 2-hop paths will be much easier to set up, faster, cheaper, and more reliable than 10-hop paths.  


How to serve big merchants is one of the thing that a more detailed design would have to address.  Just sticking the fingers in you ears and shoutng "TA-DA-DA" will not make the problem go away.


@_date: 2016-09-16 22:15:52


The mining network.  Or Satoshi.


But it is self-regulated so that the miners make a profit. Their profit (and that of early investors) can only come from people who buy those mined bitcoins -- either later investors, or users. 


I mean "private" as opposed to "government".  The profit that miners and early investors may make, at the expense of later investors and users, will never go back to the latter -- not even in principle.


It was meant to be a currency, and the design is determined by that goal. 
The problem of how to do p2p payments without a trusted intermediary was open for 20 years or so.  Many believed that such a thing would be good for mankind.  Satoshi thought that he had a solution.  He designed a protocol using that idea, and checked that it seemed to work on paper  He then implemented the protocol to see whether it would really work in practice.  That was his motivation.
Satoshi would not have bothered to design and implement bitcoin if it was meant to be an investment or "store of value".  There is no shortage of good solutions for these purposes -- even for those people who hate banks and distrust stocks.  There was (is) no reason to expect bitcoin would (will) work for them.   Getting people to invest in bitcoin, instead of productive assets, would not bring any benefit to mankind; quite the opposite. 
If bitcoin is not to be used as a currency, what will make it have any value at all?  Mere scarcity does not make a thing valuable.  There must also be a demand for it: and where would that demand come from, if not from use as currency?  Without it, bitcoin would be no better investment than a penny stock.
@_date: 2018-02-23 09:12:27
IIUC he means that all government sectors should accept **the Petro**, and whatever else his government will issue.
The Petro is not really a cryptocurrency.  It is just an ordinary state-issued currency, supposedly backed by Venezuela's oil reserves.  Maduro called it "cryptocurrency" for the same reason that the Long Island Tea company changed its name to "Long Blockchain".
@_date: 2017-09-11 01:56:52
@_date: 2017-09-15 20:57:45
Bitcoins are a poor mechanism of exchange (except for illegal payments, because they are the only option).  
But, even if they were a good payment medium, any value that they may generate as such will go to the miners, as fees paid by the users who receive that value.  Not a cent of it will go to those who "invested" in bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:30:42
I would not dare to put a limit on how much a sucker can be convinced to pay for a lump of pure nothing.   It could easily be more than people once paid for a tulip bulb, or an understuffed teddy bear...
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:45:09
**IF** you sold now, yes, you would make huge profits.  Like those who bought Madoff fund or Enron shares, and sold before the crash.  But chances are that you will **not** sell now. 
It is **mathematically impossible** for all bitcoin investors to exit with a profit (Unlike investors in shares of a legitimate company, who normally will **all** end with a profit if they hold long enough.)  
Thus there is no method that can let you exit with a profit.  It is **mathematically guaranteed** that most bitcoin investors (counted by amount invested) will lose money. 
That 100 billion "market cap" is not how much the existing bitcoins are worth.  It is how much money other suckers would have to donate to the current holders, for them to get the wealth that they **imagine** they have.  **The market cap is not a measure of wealth, but of illusion.**
If all bitcoin holders tried to sell now, to cash their imagined profits, the price would crash so fast and so low that most of them will lose money.  **Because there is nowhere else where their returns can come from.**  
Unfortunately most "bitcoin finance experts" cannot understand the obvious consequences of that obvious fact.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:05:37


That's the fallacy that makes people "invest" in pyramid schemes.  
No, there will certainly be a time when 1 BTC will be worth zero dollars.  And the only way it can get there is through a spectacular crash, that will happen when no one expects and will be over before most investors can recover their money.
Nothing is eternal; there is no reason to expect the first cryptocurrency ever to be forever the only one.  (In fact, if you look dispassionately at the fork mess and their authors, it is pretty clear that bitcoin is already in the ICU.)


On the contrary, the **only** investors who will make a profit are those who are lucky to exit before the final collapse.


Sigh. Will bitcoiners ever stop mentioning "fiat" in when discussing investments?
"Fiat" is not an investment option (except for idiots and criminals), nor a game (except for those poor souls who dream of making a profit in Forex trading).  
Gold is currently 1/4 a boring low-risk no-profit store or value, and 3/4 a gambling game that is only slightly negative (because of trading and maintenance fees).
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:52:46


I don't know why you were banned, but normally that punishment is reserved to those whose posts are too boring.  
@_date: 2017-10-28 05:55:51


Bitcoin's security is **entirely** dependent on your private key being secret.  Unfortunately there is no test in the world that can verify whether some information is not known by someone else.  
You may trust that your key is secret because you trust the procedure that you used to generate the key; but you cannot know whether you made some fatal mistake, not even put a probability on that.
Your bank password or credit card PIN may not have the same level of technical security, but those value stores let you recover money that you lost by theft.  Looking at all the reports of people losing bitcoins, for key leakage or other stupid mistakes, I would say that traditional payment methods are infinitely safer than bitcoin.
(And I very much doubt that you actually did all that you described.  It is too much like the standard recipe that has been posted in many forums.  Aren't you describing what you *could* have done?)


That is not a dick, but a guy with eyeglasses laughing out loud.
@_date: 2017-10-27 17:21:38


As I said, "for now".
Moreover, it is illegal to buy drugs, launder money, evade taxes, etc..  Whether one uses cash or bitcoin, it does not make any difference.  Cops **have** posed as localbitcoins clients to catch such crimes.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:20:32
Of course I cannot be against gold.  It is a useful metal with many unique properties, that create demand for decorative and industrial uses.
As an investment, however gold is a bad choice.  It is 1/4 a boring low-risk zero-profit investment, and 3/4 speculative gambling game.  
That is, if you buy 1 oz of bitcoin today, you are saving $300 that you will probably get back decades from now; and betting the other $900 in a crazy lottery that, when you will need that money back, may give you $1800 or $0, with indeterminate odds.
Investing in gold (or in the GLD fund) is somewhat less stupid than investing bitcoin, because of that relatively solid $300 floor price (established by the final consumption demand) and because there are no miners sucking 10 million USD per day from the investors.  That 3/4 of the investment that is speculative gambling is an almost-zero-sum game -- whereas investing bitcoin is an extremely-negative-sum game.
Even so, gold and the GLD fund do not create any wealth while they are hoarded.  Trading them only shuffles a ton of money from the pockets of many losing investors to those of a few winning ones.  
There is no question that the world would be a much better place if the GLD fund had never been created, and gold peddlers like Peter Schiff and Zerohedge did not exist...
@_date: 2017-09-18 18:08:51
Read again.  You generate 30 million VALID ADDRESS KEY PAIRS and build your phishing table WITH THOSE ADDRESSES.
@_date: 2017-09-18 16:54:07


You still don't get it.  You don't have to understand what the bits are.  Just generate 30 million valid address/key pairs and sort them by the first 2 and last 2 characters of the address.  There you will have your table.
@_date: 2016-09-27 11:07:11


If you have 1 MB blocks every 10 minutes, there will not be more than 250'000 transactions per day, no matter how much people are willing to pay to get in.  That is the sort of thing people learn in kindergarten, right?


When will they do?


Yeah, it is called "basic math".  It is a thing that lets you tell whether some things will work or not, without having to try them.
@_date: 2016-09-27 23:17:49
It would have full international acceptance only in the countries that adopted it officially.  In other countries, it would have only the same status of any foreign currency. 
That is exactly the same advantage that the US dollar and the Euro have now: each is fully accepted in countries where it is the official currency, and more or less limited acceptance elsewhere.
@_date: 2016-09-16 14:27:24


 live in Brazil, where a senator's helicopter is caught with half a ton of cocaine on board, and nothing happens to it.


I know, there will always be crime.
@_date: 2016-09-16 15:22:31


An entity that creates a currency out of nothing will inevitable steal concrete wealth  from those who use it, by buying goods and sevices with that currency.  
That theft is considered acceptable when done by the government, since the government is bound to return that wealth to the citizens as public works and services.  It is just another form of tax.  The restitution *may* not happen if the government is corrupt or very wasteful; but it will *certainly* not happen if the currency is issued by a private entity.
@_date: 2016-09-17 11:57:59


The key issue is not who were the creators, or whether the creators were (are) one or many, but whether the currency is issued by the government or by a non-government ("private") entity (even if its not a single company or individual).  
This distinction matters because: in the first case, the wealth taken by the issuer from the users of the currency is supposed to be returned to the latter; whereas, in the second case, the issuing entity keeps that wealth for itself.  That is why privately issued money is a bad idea.


You are sticking too much to words instead of concepts.  The words have different meanings in different contexts; you won't get convincing arguments by invoking dictionary definitions.   
The key issue in this case is whether bitcoin was designed to be money/currency/cash -- that is, an intermediate of commercial exchanges of goods and services -- or an investment -- that is, an item that can be used to store value over the long term, and/or generate profit by buying and selling.  
Theere is no question that it was designed for the first purpose, and not for the second.  Mankind absolutely did not need a "trustless" virtual investment instrument (and such concept it not even meaningful); but Satoshi, and many people, believed that a trustless payment system was desirable, and that is why he designed and implemented bitcoin.  
As it turned out, bitcoin is a very poor currency, and (not surprisingly) a terrible investment instrument.


There is a formula P = V x T / N  that gives the value P of one unit of a currency (in, say, USD) based on the volume V of payments that are executed with that currency (USD/day), the number N of units of the currency are in circulation, and the average time T (days) between successive payments using the same unit of the currency.  
This formula is not even economics; it can be deduced by simple high-school algebra. It says, in particular, that P is zero if V is zero.
@_date: 2017-10-27 17:51:29


You think that market cap or price makes bitcoin "big".  Sorry, no.  By that criterion, Madoff's fund and Mavrodi's MMM ponzis were "big" too.
BTC made no dent in the USD "market".  It is not being used for legal payments to any significant extent.  Not surprising: who will spend their BTC while they think it is going to the moon?  
@_date: 2017-09-18 21:02:27


The fraud's chances of success are greatly improved if the first two and last two characters match, because that is all that many non-expert users are likely to notice.
The recommendation, to avoid *that* fraud, is to check way more than 4 characters -- say, 8 or more.  It does not matter which ones (the checksum characters are not better or worse than the rest), but the first 4 and the last 4 may be easier for the user.    
@_date: 2016-09-10 17:25:31
Well, I do believe that, even with multisig cold wallets, bitcoin funds will be much less secure than other commodity-backed funds.
Note that a cold wallet must be opened occasionally, to execute redemptions.
@_date: 2017-10-28 05:25:25
There must be a prize for the most convoluted and work-intensive way to pay for a coffee. 8-D
@_date: 2016-09-10 11:00:36


Unless something changed in the latest filing, no.  The lack of any insurance against theft of the backing assets, and the fact that such theft would result in total loss of value of the shares, were explicitly stated in the previous filing (as the SEC would require).
@_date: 2017-09-18 19:40:16
Did you miss the start of the thread?  The idea is that when the victim copy-pastes the destination address of a payment into his wallet app, the malware replaces it by an address that belongs to the hacker but starts and ends with the same characters, so that the user is less likely to notice the switch.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:11:01
58^4 = 11'316'496.  If the hacker generates ~30 million valid addresses, he will have at least one valid address for almost every combination of 2 characters at the beginning and 2 characters at the end.   He then needs to include ~11 million of them in the malware to match those 4 characters almost every time.
 It does not matter what the characters mean, only that their frequencies *look* random and independent.
This trick is not practical for matching three characters at either end, though, since 58^6 = 38'068'692'544
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:12:17


As I said, the only way a bitcoin "investor" can get money out of his investment is by taking that much money from some other bitcoin "investor".  
How could it be possible for everybody to profit in that stupid game?  Obviously, "money out" is always less than "money in" (much less, because of the miners).  Obvously, the bitcoin "investors" as a whole will defintely and surely **lose** money.  Billions of dollars
@_date: 2017-10-27 23:17:01


On the contrary, gold can only be stolen by someone who has physical access to them.  Bitcoins can be stolen by anyone who gets hold of your private keys; and there are many ways to do this *besides* having phyiscal access to your computer.  (There are even ways to steal private keys are generated and stored exclusively offline, without invading any computer.)


They cannot be transferred through the internet, because they do not exist -- not even as a pattern of bits.  
What you mean is that you can send, from any computer, an order to the miners for them to modify the ledger so that your account is debited and some other account is credited with a certain number of bitcoins.   But you can do the same with GLD shares.  Or stocks, including penny stocks.


Since bitcoins do not exist, they claim is meaningless --- cannot be faked, or can be faked trivially.
Again, you presumably mean that the bitcoin ledger cannot be modified so as to credit bitcoins into an account without debiting some other account (except for the block rewards of course).   That may be a property of the software that is **currently** used to update the ledger.  But it is conceivable that it may change in the future. Technically it would be trivial; will the political and economic obstacles be enough to prevent it?
Or maybe you meant that it is impossible to trick someone into delivering some goods or services in exchange of a bitcoin payment that will not actually be confirmed by the network.  That is clearly false.


Yes.  And the dollars in your bank account are just as non-existent as your bitcoins.
The difference between these two is that there are laws and contracts that ensure a very strong equivalence between those virtual dollars and cash; and a governnent that does a good job at keeping the purchasing powerof the dollar constant.  So you can withdraw bank dollars as cas, transfer them to other banks, use them to pay almost any business, etc.   Bitcoins have no such legal and political anchors.
Likewise, the difference between bitcoin and the virtual assets of companies like Uber or Netflix is that these include or are secured by many contracts and laws about patents, trademarks, copyright, etc.  Thus shares of those companies *do* have an intrinsic value, if one accepts that legal rights are "real".


OK, so the miners have expended 1000 GWh of electricity to secure the entry in the ledger that says that you own 1.234 BTC.  That means that it would take more than 1000 GWh to cancel the payment that created that deposit.
... er, so what?  That level of security is nice, since it did not cost you anything dierctly.  But, how much value does it give to those BTC?
@_date: 2016-09-24 21:58:43


That formula does not depend on the EMH, because it assumes that the currency is NOT being used as an investment.  With this assumption, the formula is just plain algebra: what is the value P of a unit of currency, if the circulation o N units every T days results in payments with a total value of V?
That formula obviously does not apply to bitcoin now.  If it did, my most optimistic estimates for V and T would give a price P below $10.


That is my guess, but it is not the "official line".  The latter says that miners believe in bitcoin and thus keep as much of the coin as they can.  I am skeptical of those claims, though: miners have a strong motivation to say that, whether it is true or not.


Mining is still profitable, and I believe that said profit currently comes mainly from those who buy bitcoin to hoard it.  
Mining in the early days was not immediately profitable, but those miners who kept some of their mined coins (such as Satoshi) would profit billions if they sold their coins for the current price or more.
Where would that profit come from?  
If they sell while speculation still dominates the price, they the profit would come from the pockets of new investors and day traders.  
If they sold in an hypothetical future when the price is due to bitcoin's extensive use as a currency, as per that equation, then the profit of those early miners/investors would come from the users.  At first, the hoarders will take valuable goods or services from those who accept those hoarded coins as payment, but then the latter will spread the loss through the community as they spend those coins in turn.
In any case, the early hoarders would get from the bitcoin community billions of dollars'worth of concrete wealth (houses, cars, caviar, haircuts...) without giving any concrete wealth to in return (only a bunch of symbolic tokens).  That is why society should not want to use privately issued money.  
@_date: 2017-10-29 03:03:48


That is the first lie that peddlers of bad investments must tell their marks, to keep them from asking "where will my profit come from".
Stocks are good investments because the company is supposed to **create new wealth** -- products or services -- and sell them to consumers (not investors); and the profit from such sales, which (like the company itself) belongs to the stockholders,  is expected to eventually cover their investment with a sufficient excess.  *That* is why the stock of companies that are growing and are likely to generate more profits will fetch higher market prices.
In penny stock scams, the scammer acquires the stock of a failed company for a few dollars, pumps up its price with wash trades, and then tells his marks that it is a good investment because the price is going up like crazy.  He relies on and feeds the marks' ignorance of *why* stocks of real companies rise.


Same thing.  Real estate, like house or apartment, is a good investment because it creates new wealth while it is being held: it provides a service (an environment where people can live) that can be sold, and the revenue (rent) will eventually pay the owner's investment, with extra profit.  The market price of a property is indeed closely tied to the rent revenue that it could generate.  
You can also live in the house yourself, in which case you get the return directly in the form of service (living environment) rather than rent.  Either way, is is a good investment because eventually the value you get while holding the item will eventually exceed the amount you invested.
Even if you don't rent the property, but only sell it later, you can get some profit by acting as a middleman between the producer (who sold you the property) and the consumer (who will buy the property in the future).  You are then counting on the expectation that the consumer demand will grow with time, or at least not decrease.
That may seem similar to buying bitcoin to sell in the future, but there is a big difference: bitcoins are not consumed when used for payments -- they immediately return to the market.   
Thus, there is no separation between investors and consumers of bitcoin.  There are only people who buy bitcoins -- some to hold for a while, some to sell/spend right  away.  Paradoxically, it is the former who are more likely to lose money -- because they are more likely to keep holding during the inevitable final drop.
@_date: 2016-09-27 10:40:32
It does not matter how much clients would be willing to pay. Neither the bitcoin blockchain nor the Lightining Network can support the volume needed for that.
Moreover, both raw bitcoin and the LN have huge economic problems that render then unsuitable as general currencies of millions of people.
@_date: 2017-10-29 01:49:29


No, that is only what the miners will *want* to do in order to maximize their expected gain for the next block.  But they are not *obliged* to.  (And that strategy actually is, "try to extend the longest valid chain **that you currently know about**.)
An internally valid block that extends a valid minority chain is still a valid block.  If that chain ever becomes the "longest" chain, it will supersede the other chains.  Then everybody had better trust it, and selfish greedy miners will want to extend it.


For one thing, because the protocol explicitly says that the majority of the miners decides which transactions and blocks are valid for them.
@_date: 2017-10-28 22:12:17
Because it is very small?
Suppose that Alice and Bob start using bitcoin for part of their personal economy on some date D, when the price is somewhat stable at 6000 USD/BTC.  Every month they spend 1 BTC on various stuff and services, and then earn 1 BTC of salary at the end of the month.
However, Alice bought 1 BTC well before D, when the price was only $100, so she starts that process by spending that bitcoin.  Bob did not, so he has to buy his first bitcoin on date D for $6000.  
Bob must pay some exchange fees on that first purchase of $6000; say 1%, or $60.  Alice paid only $1 of exchange fees.   Thus, when the process starts at date D, Bob has lost $6060, while Alice has lost $101; and both have 1 BTC.  
From that point on, they both get exactly the same value from the system (as the supposed advantage of using bitcoin) and pay the same amount in transaction fees.
So Alice's advantage over Bob, in that scenario, is $6060 minus $101, or $5959.  If she had instead sold her bitcoin just before date D, paying 1% of exchange tax on that sale, she would have made $5940 minus $101 profit, or $5839.  
Thus, what she gained by saving her bitcoins until using them, rather than just buying and selling them as a pure investor would do, is $120 -- the 2% exchange tax on the sale and buyback of her 1 BTC at $6000.   
Thus, by holding until that "adoption future", she gained only ~2% of the profit she could have made by just trading.  And that is a one-time advantage, since from then on she has no advantage over Bob, no matter how many BTC they spend or earn.
@_date: 2018-03-31 16:49:05
[He does not believe in bitcoin](  Can you think of a  better proof of stupidity than that?
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:31:12
You still don't understand a thing.
Back to the beginning.  One way that a hacker can steal your coins is by hacking your browser, so that when you copy the address of Overstock from the Overstock webpage, what goes to the clipboard instead is an address that belongs to the hacker.  Thus, when you paste that address into your wallet app and issue the transaction, the coins go to the hacker instead of going to Overstock.
But that may not work if the user is minimally attentive and sees that the address that got pasted into the wallet app is not what is shown on the Overstock webpage, which he thought he had copied.   
To increase the chances of the fraud going through, the hacker includes in his malware not just one address that he own, but a large table of such addresses -- ~11 million of them -- which has one address for almost any combination of 2 first and 2 last characters.  Thus, if the victim copies an address like 7f.....A4 from some webpage, the malware replaces it by the address from that table that also starts with "7f" and ends with "A4".  Thus the victim is less likely to notice that the rest of the address does not match what is shown on the webpage.
Once the victim has sent the transaction, the hacker uses the proper key for that faked address (which he saved when he created the table) to scoop up those coins.
Understand it now?
@_date: 2017-10-22 19:32:25
THANK YOU again for helping spread my words.  It would be a pity to let them be forgotten in those out of the way places.  You are in fact the only bitcoiner who still keeps bringing them back from oblivion.
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:39:58
The algorithm may have been fine, but what about the *program*?
@_date: 2017-10-28 10:23:51


Yes.  But even if you ignore why it was created, just by looking at what it is you can tell that it is no better investment than a pumped-up penny stock.


Not just publicly known, but announced -- because users would need to know how to calculate the new fee.


Are we talking of  bitcoin?  The miners are totally free to chose which transactions they put in their blocks.  That is a fundamental principle of the protocol, and there is absolutely no law that applies to what the miners do.
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:39:33


So you are ALSO a Bitcoin Cash investor, long before and to a much greater extent than almost everyone here.  ;-)
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:46:35
My reading of all that story is that Craig was forced to "become" Satoshi, not long before fleeing Australia, in order to (unsuccessfully) explain his accounting alchemy to the ATO.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:26:21


It is definitely not an investment instrument or a "store of value".   It was not invented for that purpose, and it is totally unsuited to it.  Sorry if you can't see that.
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:36:10
Good to know that I am bringing joy and fun to the world.  
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:05:01


Even if you wrote the whole key generation software by yourself, you may have bungled the random number generator so that it draws the keys from a small universe -- say, only 2^30 possible keys, instead of 2^160 or whatever.  
There is no test that you can apply to your private keys to test how random they really are.  
A thief then may be able to recover your keys simply by generating all those 2^30 keys pairs, until he gets a blockhain address that has some balance in it.
This happened **twice** to Blockchain.info wallets (to the desktop and to the android versions), and on at least one occasion hackers were able to wipe clean hundreds of new addresses.  We do not know how the "black hat" hackers discovered the bug, but one "white hat" hacker discovered it while checking for another possible bug (reuse of R values in signatures), without looking at the code.  
Granted, in that case the broken RNG generated only 2^8 possible values, so it was easy to detect the bug.  But if it had generated only 2^30 values instead, the bug could have remained undiscovered for months, instead of a few hours; and, all the same, every key pair generated in that meantime would be exposed to theft.
If you wrote your own RNG, and made such a mistake, you may be somewhat safe because the hacker will probably not know what the 2^30 possible keys are.  But if you use software written by others, without carefully checking it at every release -- as is the case with 99.999% of all crypto users -- then you, and all other users of the same software, could be victims of that hack.  That is true even if you use a hardware wallet with tamper-proof seed storage.


Gold can be confiscated only if the government or robbers suspect that you have it.  In that case, they need not even have to search all the places you may have hidden it; they just hold you, or threaten you of other harm, until you cough it up.  In the case of the government, even if they can't get your gold, they can confiscate anything of value that you may try to buy with that gold at any later time, or any money that you may get by selling it.
The common reasons for them to suspect that you have gold is if they find out that you earned lots of money, spent lots of money, or bought lots of gold.  
All of this applies equally to bitcoin. 
And, when the government is doing it, it is often for a good reason -- e.g. if you stole the gold from someone else.  In that case, a store of value that is harder to confiscated is a **bad** thing.


That is far from true.  Most of the changes to the protocol that already happened, such as SegWit, were passively accepted by "the people", 99% of whom were not aware of the change and could not have understood what it meant. 
Even if "the people" were aware of and opposed to some change, a sufficient majority of the miners can force it.  
A simple majority (such as the 4 largest pools) is sufficient to impose a "soft fork" type of change, e.g. a demurrage fee ("negative interest") that is equivalent to perpetual inflation.  
A slightly larger majority (such as the 8 largest Chinese pools) can even force a "hard fork" type of change, by mining empty blocks on the original branch and orphaning any blocks mined by the dissident minority.
By your theory, banks should not be able to change their rules in ways that "the people" object to, such as raising  fees, limiting withdrawals, refusing or closing accounts, reversing ceertain transactions, or blocking or confiscating certain balances.  Yet in practice banks do all that all the time, for the same reason: "the people" will put up with any abusive action from the banks, if it has less impact on them than giving up the services that banks provide.  
If miners were to force a change in the rules that increased the block reward and the 21 million cap, for example, some holders may be unhappy, some may dump their holdings; but most users of the currency could not care less, and would continue using it.
The supply if gold, on the other hand, is **truly** limited.  While more gold can be mined if the price rises, not even the most powerful company or government in the world can double the amount of gold in circulation -- much less do that by changing a single line of code in a program.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:26:36
Yes, of course: **in mathematics**, imaginary numbers exist.  (In the common sense of the term, on the other hand,  numbers do not exist, not even the number "1".)  
**But bitcoins do not exist, not even in the realm of mathematics.**  There is only a ledger, stored in a thousand computers out there, that says that you have so many bitcoins (and it does not even say *which* ones).
Thus it is not true that "there will exist only 21 million bitcoins".  What happens is that the software that is **currently** used to update that ledger will credit some bitcoins to some accounts, without debiting them from any other account; but in such a way that the total number of bitcoins **recorded in that ledger** will never exceed 21 million.  
But that software may change in the future.  And there are hundreds of other ledgers out there with similar properties, some arguably better than the bitcoin ledger in several items.  And, as you have seen, the bitcoin ledger can be cloned at will, effectively duplicating all bitcoins in existence each time.  Right now there are 34 million bitcoins; in a few days there will be 51 million...
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:47:01


There is no evidence for that claim, and there are obvious motives for making it up.  Like the claim that "Venezuelans are using bitcoin to buy food from Amazon".
Anyway it would not change what I wrote.  Those who would profit from those remittances are the workers and the remittance companies.  Not a penny of that profit will go to the holders.


Unfortunately there are many swindlers in "bitcoin space" (and "gold space") who intentionally miseducate people about the nature of stocks.
Amazon shares have value because they are literally titles of property of slces of the company.  If you own 0.1% of all Amazon shares, you own 0.1% of the company, and therefore also **0.1% of any profit that they may make in the future.** That profit does not come from investors, but from customers who use Amazon.  Thus *all* Amazon stockholders expect to get back their investment, with profit, just by holding the shares for long enough.
In contrast, bitcoins are not titles of property of anything.  They are **not** shares of the bitcoin network.  Not a penny of the fees that users pay, or the profit that miners may make will go to bitcoin holders. 
Thus bitcoin is not at all like Amazon stock, but rater like a penny stock -- shares of a failed company that has no assets, no employees, no products, no rights, but has not yet been de-listed from stock markets.  Penny stocks are logically worth zero.  However, there are scammers who buy all the shares of such a company for near nothing, then pump their prices by selling to themselves, and then sell them to unsuspecting investors for tens of dollars a share.  (The movies *Wolf of Wall Street* and *Boiler Room* are about that scam.)
Investment-wise, bitcoin is just like a penny stock that has been pumped up to unbelievable levels.  Unfortunately it comes with a complicated technical and financial discourse  that very few can really understand, and keeps people from seeing that they are buying literally slices of nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:53:03


I gave three lectures about bitcoin already.  I fancy that attendees learned more about bitcoin (and actually useful things, like cryptography and Merkle links) than they would from a week of bitcoin "education" videos and conferences.
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:16:55
The savings that I have is invested in real estate and savings funds. A relative of mine, who has a degree in Management, invests in stocks, but only cautiously, for the long term, looking at fundamentals.  That implies not buying during stock market bubbles when stock prices are inflated by speculation, and that in turn means that stock price crashes are not fatal.  
In the stock market crashes of 1939, 1998, and 2008  the DowJones average dopped less than 50%.  Need I mention howbitcoin did in 2014?  people who invested in bitcoin in late 2013 or at several times during 2014 lost more than people who invested in stocks before those crashes.  
And, anyway, those companies were real companies making real products, so there was a hard floor for the price of their stock.  Not so with bitcoin...
I do not own and have never owned any bitcoin. (Before you say what you would surely say: I bet that many scientists who study whales have never spouted water from their noses or eaten raw plankton, either.  And yet they may know more about whales than the whales themselves do...) 
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:09:32
Has Coinbase at least tried to do a serious market research before taking this decision?
It could be that those people who don't buy bitcoins because they think that 250$ is "too expensive" will also avoid bits because they are "almost worthless"...
Besides, you cannot hide from customers the fact that 1 bit is only 1/1000000 of bitcoin.  Wouldn't they feel depressed when they transfer their 10'000 bits to a Trezor, and see "0.01 BTC" on the display?
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:57:56
Bitcoin Security Experts recommend sealing with epoxy the internet ports of the computer that you use to keep your private keys in.  ;-)
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:34:44
You can see now why PayPal and Visa do not feel in the least threatened by bitcoin 8-D
But even if you generated 160 truly random bits by hand, most of that entropy could easily get destroyed by the software that turns them into a key pair.  For instance, the program could accidentally overwrite most of the input bits with garbage, before using them -- the same garbage every time (as happened in the second BCI incident that I mentioned above).
@_date: 2015-04-02 15:44:31


Actually the blockchain is not useful for voting either.
Voting systems must be simple enough that *everybody* can trust them, especially the losing parties and voters; not just their implementors and a few nerds.
OK to record the votes digitally (if done *very* carefully to ensure vote secrecy), but the best way to make the system trustable is to have a paper record of the vote, checked by the voter and unmodifiable by the hardware, with those paper ballots counted on site, in public view, right after voting closed.
@_date: 2015-04-27 01:08:08
Well, we had a taste of 152 $/BTC recently.  The price dropped 50% in the last 5 months.  Another 55% and it will be 2 digits again...
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:27:29
[I have explained it]( and there is nothing in my explanation that you would have to trust me.  The facts are obvious and known to everybody, and the conclusion follows mathematically from them.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:07:45


Bitcoin is not a "fraud".  **Investing** in bitcoin is just a negative-sum game, where the money that investors take out is **always** less than what they have put in.  
That is not an opinion, it is an obvious mathematical fact.  
Investing in bitcoin is as sensible as investing in lottery tickets.  Anyone with a bit of brain knows that, no matter how big the prizes, the total money that players will get out of the lottery is much less (often less than 50%) than the money that they put in.  
If the organizers do not lie to the public about prizes and odds, the lottery cannot be called a "fraud".  Even so, it would be a very stupid investment.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:16:46
But the value that follows from that utility goes to those who use it for payments (mostly illegal, unfortunately) and to the miners who collect their fees.  Not a penny of that value goes to the "investors" who hoard bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:22:52
There was not a blip in the price when the last halving occured (2012-11-28), and the price remained dead flat for 5 weeks after that. 
However, the situation this time may be very different.  Mining is more industrialized, and moves 20x as much money.  After 15 months of declining prices, miners must be much closer to break-even than they were in 2012; so maybe they are selling a large portion of their coins, whereas in 2012 they may have been hoarding them.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:42:40
There was a company a while ago doing massive spamming like that, to attract visitors to their website.   I would think that any company doing that must be a scam.  Are those unsolicited drops really from Factom?
@_date: 2015-04-21 01:43:20
The US government actually seems to have a soft spot for bitcoin.  I haven't seen any government official call for a ban or something of the sort,even though bitcoiners keep saying that bitcoin will let them evade control, destroy government, trash the dollar,  etc..
The financial regulators naturally want bitcoin businesses to comply with the rules that hold for other money-handling businesses (when they operate inside the US), but even they seem strangey soft.  See Lawsky taking the time to draft a license specifically for bitcoin businesses -- instead of just saying "you have to fit into the existing rules; if you can't, too bad, it is your problem, not mine".
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:48:38
The power measuring rig could be hidden inside a PC in the hotel's courtesy web room or internet cafe, inserted in the wires leading to the USB port.  A malicious technician could insert the rig in your computer when you send the computer for repairs.  Etc...
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:22:54
But that will hardly make bitcoins more valuable...
@_date: 2015-04-21 14:32:48
It is a long story from being able to freeze any account (or all accounts) indefintely to being able to reverse transactions.  Do you agree that a miner (or cartel) who controls more than half of the hashpower can do that first step?
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:14:11
You STILL have not got it.  The hacker generates ADDRESS KEY PAIRS, so he has all the keys that he needs.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:10:53


Well, if you think I may be either joking or clueless, then you are *really* clueless.
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:44:19


So you agree that investing in bitcon is just a pyramid scheme, where the money from new investors is what makes the profit of earlier ones.


Gold has producers and final consumers (real consumers, that take gold out of circulation essentially forever).  There is a small "legitimate" profit that could be made by middlemen, as in any commodity with final consumption.  Namely, the middleman buys from the producer for a lower price and sells to the consumer for a slightly higher price,  That middleman may be providing a useful service, by buffering the fluctuations in  supply and demand that are not synchonized.  He may also provide financing to the producer, by buying gold that has not been mined yet.  The middleman gets rewarded for those services through the price spread, while the miner accepts some reduction in his profit, and/or the consumer pays a slightly higher price.  
But that profit is necessarily small (say 10%) and it is available only once as each ounce of gold goes from miner to consumer.  That is not what the gold speculators are after.  They keep buying and selling the same ounce of gold thousands of times over, hoping to profit from its price fluctuations.  
If you look at the price chart for the last 100 years, you will see that it is not continuously increasing, but instead since 1970 it has been wandering erratically between $400 and $1800.  Thus gold is not even a good pyramid scheme.  The part of the price above $300 or so is just a roulette- like gambling game. 


I cannot think of a single one, quite the contrary.  For starters, gold exists; bitcoins do not -- not even in the weak sense that a poem exists, or that imaginary numbers exist.
@_date: 2015-04-30 12:17:17
AFAIK Satoshi never agreeed to be included as a founder of The Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation.    (Just as he/she/it never gave permission to SatoshiLabs, SatoshiDice, VaultOfSatoshi, and the rest to use the name.)  Considering his statements about illegal uses of bitcoin, he probably does not like the "honor".
@_date: 2015-04-29 22:30:39
In SimCity you had choices about raising or lowering  taxes etc.  But the consequences depended on what *the programmer* believed would happen, so it was not a scientifically meaningful simulation.  A game written by a libertarian programmer would be very different from one programmed by a socialist.
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:48:07
You mean from the GNU coreutils package.  Have you checked whether the binary that you downloaded did indeed what it was supposed to do?  Are you sure that no one replaced it by a malware that has a special case when the input looks like 160 bits that someone generated according to the popular dice-based recipe?
Ditto for the program that takes the 256-bit SHA string and computes the bitcoin key pairs.
@_date: 2015-04-21 05:16:56
I believe I understand it more than you do...
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:24:42
One can compute what the price would be if there was no hoarding, and it comes out as less than 10 $/BTC.  So, while hoarding seems to be decreasing, it is still the dominant factor. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 04:37:50
In Thailand, criticizing the royal family, or posting images that are deemed insulting to it, is a very serious criminal offense, punished with years of jail.  From [Wikipedia](














@_date: 2015-04-27 22:47:15
Some basic rules to recognize a scam:
+ Owner or CEO are anonymous --&gt; scam
+ Owner or CEO provide no CV --&gt; scam
+ Owner's or CEO's CVs cannot be checked or have large gaps --&gt; scam
+ CEO does not have years of management experience --&gt; scam
+ Google shows that owner or CEO was previously involved with scam or bankruptcy --&gt; scam
+ Owner or CEO do not provide a verifiable residential addres --&gt; scam
+ Located in a country where you cannot easily sue them --&gt; scam
+ Promises minimum profits --&gt; scam
+ Accepts *only* bitcoin --&gt; scam
+ Requires substantial advance payment with no written and signed contract --&gt; scam
+ Company is not listed in the proper official business registry --&gt; scam
While these rules may say "scam" for some honest companies, it is better to err on the side of caution.
@_date: 2015-04-16 20:56:11
That is *your* method of analysis. I suppose,that, based on the price since 1990, you are predicting gold at 10'000 $/oz by November 2014, right?
@_date: 2015-04-04 01:42:38
Bitcoin transactions are (almost) free now, but when bitcoin is mature the miners will have to be supported by transaction fees.  Are there any predictions about the fees that will be charged at that time?
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:10:59
Also [this bitcointalk thread](
@_date: 2015-04-21 06:54:54
First: would you agree that a mining cartel with more than half of the total hashpower can starve out other miners, and block addresses or transactions forever?
@_date: 2015-04-05 14:04:06
There is this thing called "Sunday" that you should read about.
@_date: 2015-04-30 13:02:50
... for the 347^th time in the past 15 years.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:02:16
I don't know what "they" you mean, but some of those projects collet donations so that the authors can work on the project rather than get a job somewhere.  Then yes, they are spending some or all of that money for themselves; but that's the idea.
@_date: 2015-04-16 13:57:42
Sure, sure...
@_date: 2015-04-03 17:32:32
@_date: 2015-04-28 11:55:51
Yes, I am serious.  All products, new or old, good or bad, have advantages and disadvantages.  What decides whether a product a success or a failure is the net balance of the two.  If one looks *only* at the good features, ignoring the problems, every piece of trash is wonderful...
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:56:10
But bitcoin's purpose was not to be valuabe, it was to be (a demonstration and test of) a system for internet payments that did not require a trusted intermediary.  If other miners had to trust Satoshi, the project would have failed at birth.
@_date: 2015-04-25 17:59:39
However, that analysis assumes certain distributions, independence of events, etc.  One must also consider the probability of those assumptions being violated.
Empirically, the blockchain was rewound twice, by a lot more than 6 blocks each time, in ~350'000 blocks.  So, it would be reasonable to assume that the probability of a transaction becoming unconfirmed after 6 confirmations is at least 1 in 200'000.
(Sometime in the 1980s, NASA contracted a safety review of the Space Shuttle system.  The extremely thorough analysis, by professional risk evaluators and statisticians, concluded that the probability of a catastrophic accident resulting in loss of vehicle and crew was less than 1 in every 100'000 launches.  The empirical rate turned out to be about 1 every 50 launches...)
@_date: 2015-04-23 01:51:03
But does it build on bitcoin, or is it an independent coin?
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:36:06
As much as I am skeptical about bitcoin's safety, I cannot believe that 16% of the bitcoiners lost their coins that way.  Perhaps they lost *some* coins, e.g. they bought 50$ worth of bitcoin for some online shopping, spent 47.35$ worth, and lost the key to the change address.  
However, I wonder how the researchers could have got hold of a sample of bitcoin owners.   I very much doubt that it was an unbiased sample.
@_date: 2015-04-03 00:43:41
A few years ago I bought a house on a 5.5 quadrillion ft^2 planet.
@_date: 2015-04-01 18:51:10
Yeah, sorry about that.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:24:55
OK, can you point out at least one or two errors in my comment?
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:47:50
I would guess that Satoshi is probably male (just by statistics), is middle-age or more, has a graduate degree in computer science, and has the professional goals and values of an engineer/technologist.  He got some of his education outside the USA and Canada (in the UK most likely, less likely in Australia or New Zealand).  Document dates hint that he developed bitcoin while living in the US; but he probably was still subscribing to /The Times/ instead of some American newspaper.  Politically, he seems to be between conservative and liberal; he dislikes bank cartels and fascistoid governments (like most educated persons would), but is not libertarian or anarchist.  He does not admire Wikileaks and does not condone law-breaking.
@_date: 2015-04-26 11:05:19
Purchasing power is how much stuff you can buy with 1 BTC.  It does not depend on what other currency you use to express the value of that stuff.
Dollars are one of the things that you can buy with BTC, and since you can trivially buy 220 dollars with 220 dollars, and you can buy 220 dollars at the exchanges with 1 BTC, we know that the purchasing power of BTC is equivalent to that of 220 dollars.
@_date: 2015-04-24 13:11:20
No, I am only trying to avoid being sued for spelling out what I hope people will be smart enough to conclude from that information.
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:59:54
Is Tether that Brock Pierce's project of a coin pegged to the dollar (announced at first as 'RealCoin')?
@_date: 2017-10-27 16:19:31


That is not "investment".  You "invest" when you put your money into something that you expect to provide a profit, or at least to return it years later with little loss.  No one would use currencies for that.  Currencies are designed to encourage people to spend them promptly -- possibly by buying real investment instruments.


Cars are meant to be driven on solid roads.  All their parts were designed with that use in mind.  Because of that fact, you cannot expect that your car will perform satisfactorily when you try driving it through a swamp.


They just refuse to confirm any transaction that does not pay that fee, and ignore any block that contains such a transaction.


How do you know that the guy you are trading with is not a cop?
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:00:41
The price may "explode" due to speculation.  I don't see usage for e-payments "exploding", since it has an edge over other payment means only in some special circumstances.  The 2014 data just released by BitPay shows that its main comercial use was to buy gift cards and gold -- i. e. to leave the bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2015-04-13 18:04:03
Actual use of bitcoins for e-payments has a very small effect on price, which is mainly determined by speculation: people buy it now for 230 $ because they expect to be able to sell it to someone else for more than that, whether minutes or decades in the future.  
It there was no speculation, and bitcoins were used only for e-payments, the price would probably be less than 10 $/BTC. 
Unfortunately, there is nothing to anchor the future price expectations on.  There is no solid argument that will justify why the price cannot be 0.05 $/BTC or 500'000 $/BTC next year.  Even the most respected bitcoin gurus have been incredibly wrong when they tried to predict the price 6 months in advance.  Therefore, the price is at the mercy of mood swings by the speculators (especially the Chinese day-traders, who apparently have been setting the price since they "discovered" bitcoin in 2013).  When the day-traders feel a bit more pessimistic about the future price, they sell, the price drops, and that makes other day-traders more pessimistic too.  The opposite happens whe the price rises.  Presumably, the price stops falling or rising because the expectations of some cool-headed traders are not so easily swayed by price changes, so they start buying when the others want to sell, and vice-versa.
Moreover, while many new retailers are starting to accepting bitcoins every month, there is no data showing that the volume of e-payments is increasing.  Instead, there are isolated hints that it is decreasing.    Basically, paying with bitcoin is an interesting alternative only to those who already have bitcoins and want to sell some of them.
So the increasing number of merchants has to divide a small and probably shrinking stream of bitcoin revenue.  Several merchants and businesses have revealed that sales via bitcoin are negligible, and some have even noticed that offering bitcoin as a payment option actually reduces their revenue, by turning some of their non-bitcoiner customers away.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:39:39
There is only one coinbase transaction per block.  Can it have multiple input scripts?
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:16:37


On the contrary, it is digital that requires trust on the equipment maker, admins, maintainers.  Paper ballots, if implemented with a minimum of common sense, do not require trust because everyone sees and understands what is going on, can check the counting as it is done, etc.  This is not theory (like blockchain voting); hybrid digital/paper systems have been used all over the world for more than 15 years, and they work quite well.  
Also, forget voting from home or mobile.  In order to prevent voter coercion, voting must be done in a phisically secure and opaque cabin,  monitored from the outside my many eyes, and voters cannot take any equipment of their own into it.
Democracy has many problems, but running a safe, cheap, fast and efficient election is not one of them.
@_date: 2015-04-28 04:48:50
Wheh the price is not varying too much, that should be a large fraction of the total miners' revenue (3600 x P $/day).  That is because more people will begin mining, and miners will add more hashpower, until their activity becomes barely profitable.   Equipment and electricity are their two main expenses.
It takes some time to set up a mine, however; so, if the price is rising, as it was in 2013 and in May-June 2014, mining will be very profitable and the electricity cost will be a smaller fraction of 3600 x P.  Conversely, when the price is steadily decreasing, as it has been most of the time since Dec/2014, miners' profit margins will be squeezed, so electricity will be a larger fraction of 3600 x P.
@_date: 2015-04-21 01:35:22
The picture has nothing to do with the text.
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:18:01
Go out and count how many shops accept checks without ID for purchases below 50$.  If you find one that doesn't, go to the manager and ask him why. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:53:34


That was of course a "poetic exaggeration".  In fact, for the general bitcon user, banks are a lot more secure than bitcoin.  One should not put serious money into bitcoin unless one has a good understanding of computers and computer security -- enough to effectively avoid hacker invasion, malware, phishing,  and buggy or malicious bitcoin software.


Yes, zero.  There will be a day when not enough people will use or buy bitcoin to make the system useful for anything.  Then even people with sentimental interest will not bother to keep it running.


The sum of all money that people have invested in bitcoin exceeds the sum of all money that people have taken out of it.  This will be true at any time -- past, present, or future.  The difference is now a couple billion dollars, and will only grow.
Because of that fact, most people who ever bought bitcoins (counted by money invested) will lose money. That means that most of them will be unable to sell their coins for a profit, before or during the final descent to zero price.  For example, many of those who bought hundreds of thousands of bitcoins when the price was $100 will probably be unable to sell them for $150.  That is why one can expect the final descent to be [a quick and unexpected crash.](


I mean it.  You cited a couple of points where you claim that gold has an advantage, but, as I wrote, I do not agree that it has.


The secrecy of your private keys could be [compromised by a single mistake or oversight]( including [some side channel or exploit that you would never have though of yourself](  
There is no way to estimate the probability that **you** made such a mistake -- especially if you are providing a "bounty" of several million dollars worth of bitcoin to would-be hackers.  Moreover, people are notoriously terrible at estimating their own competence, or the probability of having made a mistake.
More generally, you cannot assign a probability to possible events in a unique situation, with no statistical model of the process and no history to provide empirical estimates.   For example, what is the probability that the Blockchain.info developer will post a new release of their wallet software with a buggy RNG?
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:41:20
Indeed.  But, like the Beanie Babies craze, the bitcoin phenomenon is largely based on a hallucination: the belief that bitcoins are "things" that are scarce and valuable.  Like the Beanie "investors", the bitcoin "investors" will be cured only when they step back and realize "wait a moment, I am paying $5000 for... *what*?"
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:54:02
Yes, no, I am not a bitcoiner (nor any other kindo of cryptocoiner).
@_date: 2015-04-16 16:19:11
Someone posted a link to [**this International Business Times article**]( but the link was promptly deleted, too.  
@_date: 2015-04-18 10:49:27
Wikipedia is not an advertising site.  You are not supposed to create an article about your own company.
@_date: 2017-10-28 10:43:35
Currencies are not investment instruments.  Only idiots and criminals "invest" in currencies.  So, saying that "bitcoin is okay as investment because investing in dollars is not profitable either"  is about as stupid as one can get.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:25:05


It is exactly the other way around!  If bitcoin "investors" took out more than they put into it, where would that extra money come from?
Again, consider the group of btcoin "investors"  B(t): the people who have bought or earned (but not mined) bitcoin before a certain date t, whether they hold bitcoins at that date or not. Look at all the buying and selling of bitcoins that they did.   Let X(t) be the total amount of money that those people spent when buying bitcoins.  Let Y(t) be the total amount that they received when selling bitcoins.    (Count spending bitcoins as selling, earning bitcoins as buying, at the current market price.)
When someone buys bitcoins for some amount Z of money, he joins B(t) if he is not there, and X(t) increases by Z.  If he buys from another investor in B(t), then Y(t) also increases by Z.  If he buys from a miner, who is not in B(t), then Y(t) does not change.  
Obviously X(t) -- what investors put into bitcoin -- will always be greater than Y(t) -- what they took out.  The difference  X(t) - Y(T) will be the money that miners pocketed, up to time t, by selling their bitcoins to the "investors".  That difference is already a couple billion dollars, and is now growing by 10 million dollars every day.


The bitcoin investors, as a whole, will **always** be negative.  At any time,now or in the future, they will have put more money into the game than they took out of it.  Those who are lucky to sell before the final descent will make a profit, but always at the expense of other bitcoin investors who bought from them.
Pyramid scams exist because the scammers can convince many people that they will be able to get out when they are winning.  But that is impossible: while some may be able to do that, the vast majority of those who join the pyramid will lose money, no matter what they do.  Thus there is no trading strategy that will guarantee a win.
Pyramid schemes cannot go on for several generations.  To thrive, they must each year find **more** new investors in order to pay the earlier ones who sell. In early 2013, bitcoin needed to extract $500'000 from new investors every day just to pay the miners.  To day it needs to bring 20 times that amount for the miners, and no one knows how much more for the earlier investors who are cashing out.  The more the price rises, the more new money the pyramid needs to avoid the crash.
"Bitcoin investment" has been one of the longest-running financial pyramids in history.  
One reasin for its longevity seem to be the fact that it can  exploit suckers from the entire world, rather than from a single country.   Check the local price in the big "sucker farms" that have opened only recently, like Africa, Latin America, India, and South Korea.   
The other reason for its longevity is that it comes with a promise that one day it will become solidly and immensely valuable by "replacing Visa" or even "replacing the dollar" -- but that promise conveniently does not have any date attached to it.  So, unlike other similar scams like TelexFree in Brazil or Herbalife in the US, investors can continue to believe in it forever -- even though there has been no sign of that happening for the last 9 years.


Keeping money in bank accounts, like stuffing cash into the mattress, is not "investment".  Productive investments like real estate, utilitarian equipment, and stock of sound companies gets automatically adjusted for currency devaluation.
The Argentinian *corralito* (and the similar "Collor Plan" in Brazil) were not as devastating, per person, as the collapse of MtGOX.  They were much worse overall, of course, but only because they affected maybe 10'000 times as many people.


That is almost a tautology: the users of those things who lost money of course used them incorrectly.  (And we get to know only a small fraction of those incidents, obviously.)
The problem is evident when you replace the word "correctly" by "as they actually use them". 
The fact that those methods have not failed so far "when used correctly" is no guarantee for the future.  Even the most paranoid user cannot carefully validate the Trezor firmware or the bitcoin software in the cold-storage machine every time that he downloads a new release.  If that software is compromised -- by hackers, bugs, or the owners "breaking bad" -- hundreds of thousands of cold storage accounts can become vulnerable to theft, all over the world, without the owners noticing.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:37:13


They just want to profit from the suckers who keep paying more and more for that obfuscated penny stock.  And/or scrape some fees from the day-traders (like casino owners profiting from the gambling at their tables).
None of those players cares about bitcoin's "censorship-resistance".  On the contrary, they will want it to be eliminated, if that is what it takes for them to exploit all those happy suckers.
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:38:57


But how many numbers did you try to predict?
If you guess randomly an unknown number that is known to be between 0 and 100, you have a ~6% chance of getting within 3% of the correct value.  If you do the same for 35 different unknown numbers, you will probably get two of them within 3% of the correct values.
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:49:05
"Money laundering" is trying to disguise the origin of revenue that comes from illegal activities, so that it can be spent in the legal market.  Tax evasion is only one of those illegal activities that generates "dirty" revenue.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:40:03
The word "investment" means something that you expect will return the money invested plus a profit. Stock of sound companies is like that.  Real estate is like that, especially if it can be rented (or if one lives in it).
Leaving money in the bank, stuffing cash in the mattress, or buying lottery tickets are not "investing", because no one with an ounce of brain would expect to make a profit from that.  
Pyramid scams, ponzis, and MLM schemes exist because scammers can convince people to expect a profit, when in fact the expected "profit" to the generic investor is negative.  
So is bitcoin.  The expected "profit" of a bitcoin investor is negative -- because there is no other source of money for the investors than what they put into it, while there is a leak that takes $10 million every day from them, namely the miners.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:34:05
Is OpenBazaar already in use for real? I thought that it was still under development...
@_date: 2015-04-26 06:40:21
How do you know that? 
@_date: 2015-04-03 01:02:00
Yeah, sorry, I was not complaining about your title specifically; rather, at how startups start quoting huge numbers about a the total potential market, rather than their own realistic revenue expectations. 
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:24:36
AFAIK no "Western" exchange has any auditing or supervision of its trades either.  
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:48:31
I doubt that he can program fluently, or is computer-savy enough to protect his anonimity so well.
@_date: 2015-04-18 16:50:35
The centralized bookkeeper could not falsify your signature or change the amount on your "checks", so it could not directly change your ownership of some money.  But it  could "lose" checks, even retroactively, and thus allow double-spending -- suddenly the salary that you thought you had received is listed as being sent to someone else, and there is no record in the ledger that you paid your bills with it.  So, yes, you could own and collect money, but you had to trust the "bank", or have independent trusted "notaries" who kept mirrors of the ledger.
In that sense, bitcoin does not guarantee ownership either.  If a majority of miners agrees to it, they can "rewind" the blockchain and cancel payments that you received.  It happened twice already, after bugs were found in the implementation.
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:15:20
Cloud mining does not make sense. Why would the company rent a money-making machine to a client, that makes more money than the rent amount?  The company would be more profitable if it mined by itself.
Cloud mining only makes sense if the company expects that the rent will be more than the money mined; i.e. the client will lose money.  Or if there is no equipment, and the company is a ponzi that will soon disappear with the clients money.
@_date: 2015-04-05 22:29:45
That was a joke, of course,  The protocol itself will fix any bugs automatically.  Guaranteed by Math.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:51:06
It does not have to do with bits, but the other change that they announce in their site.  If the webpages are going go display only 4 decimals, then they had better actually make 0.0001 BTC the minimum unit of their accounting, and actually round all amounts in their files to 4 decimals.
Just as banks and almost all accounting software deals only with whole cents, not fractions of  cents, even when computing interest, taxes, fees, etc..  That is not a bug, it is a feature.  You cannot work with approximate amounts in accounting, even home accounting.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:08:47
Oh, OK...
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:18:22
Bitfinex in Hong Kong is set up by French and/or Canadians, but it caters mostly to Westerners, it seems, and trades BTC for USD.  BTC-China is in Shanghai and trades BTC for CNY; I believe it was created by Chinese computer nerds, but it fourished after hiring Bobby Lee (a Chinese national with a Stanford degree and Walmart IT experience) as CEO.  OKCoin and Huobi are based in Beijing, were created and are still owned by Chinese nationals, trade BTC for CNY, and are directed to the Mainland Chinese public; although they have branches in Hong Kong that cater to global clients.
Use for e-commerce is effectively banned in China, but Chinese speculators did buy lots of coins from the "West" (through arbitragers and the Chinese exchanges) in 2013.  My guess is that they bought most of the missing MtGOX coins and a lot more, so maybe a couple million BTC.  Those coins now seem to be coming back to the "Western" markets.
Of course the Chinese exchanges have more volume because they charge no fees. Just as Walmart has more volume than an expensive boutique because it sells cheaper products.  But that does not mean that they are irrelevant, or that their volume is fake.
The activity on sites like Facebook, Google, Github, Coinmap is a very poor measure of bitcoin's success.  For example, Google searches are likely to go up when news of crimes break out in mainstream media.
@_date: 2015-04-19 16:31:52
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:43:28
From the explanations, it seems that they just learned about "outliers" and what they can do to a computed average value. ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:00:15
Is that in China?  
I have read about the Chinese amateur commodity traders, and how they switched en masse to bitcoin once they learned about it and Huobi and OKCoin made it possible for them to speculate with it.  That is what caused the Nov/2013 bubble, in fact...
@_date: 2015-04-18 22:22:06
I am a computer scientist.  I don't need any excuses to be interested in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:42:23
"Illicit" means "illegal", "against the law"; not "bad".
@_date: 2015-04-02 04:23:20
Yeah, that was a bad choice, too.  But it is done now.
@_date: 2015-04-10 10:43:24
¿¿¿What do you mean???
@_date: 2015-04-14 10:32:04
Which makes me wonder, what happened to the Burger Queen?  If the King dies without heir, will monarchy come to an end, and will we have to eat at the Burger President instead?  Those are the really important questions that we should be discussing; the lunch of millions is at stake here. 
@_date: 2015-04-01 12:18:15
Sorry for that...
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:07:57
It was invented to be a **decentralized payment system** -- decentralized in the sense that two parties could transfer money without depending on a mutually trusted third party to prevent forgery and double spending.
For a while it looked like bitcoin would achieve that goal.  But, two years later, some fatal flaws became apparent -- mostly social and economic, rather than technical.  
The worst is that the incentives inevitably led to concentration of mining in a handful of large companies, most p
of them in China.  Thus the system turned out to be centralized -- inherently, and, as far as we know, incurably.   Satoshi's "proof" of the system's security collapsed, since it assumed many thousands of independent anonymous miners.
There are other fatal flaws; some fixable in theory, others not so.  
The system has survived so far because (1)  it is the only internet system that can process  illegal payments, (2) it means fat profits for many people (miners, exchange and fund operators, smart traders, ASIC and ATM makers, etc), and (3) it means the *illusion* of fat profits for many more (the bitcoin hodlers and ordinary day traders).
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:06:40
And one still has to deliver the merchandise.  Unless, again, the merchandise is digital but illegal -- porn, gambling, etc.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:21:35
We had a sampler of that "security" when Swarm tried to use the blockchain to run the Bitcoin Foundation's election.  The election had to be cancelled and redone.  I know, Iknow, that was not a "flaw of the blockchain", but it confrms the fact that people who try to implement digital voting via internet are not qualified to do it (if they were, they would not *want* to do it).
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:25:28
It is as if the US government hired a printing company to print 100-dollar bills, and let the company keep all the bills it printed -- i.e. as if the government paid 100 dollars for each bill.  It would serve the purpose of placing those bills in circulation, sure, but...
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:27:53
OK, serious answer: the latest news I have is that the BIT shareholders cannot sell until they receive some sort of certificate or registration.  That task is being handled by a separate firm, on behalf of Greyscale.  AFAIK there are no explicit dates for that process to complete, only an implication that it is a slow process.
This post by a bitcointalk user seems to be a quote from a message sent by Grayscale to the shareholders:
  
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:35:31


Except that it is not yet approved by the SEC, and there is no prediction of when or if it will be, right?  
Or did I miss the most important bitcoin news of the decade?
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:31:39
The largest sudden drop was at 01:35 UTC (London time) but it started gradually at 00:26.  Given the small amount involved, and the little attention given to the accident, I doubt that it was the cause.
There was a much more scary news of someone who lost 85 BTC due to a bug in a javascript tool provided by BitGo.  That should have made all users aware of the stupidity of trusting their savings to software produced by amateurs without any independent review and certification.
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:14:23
Is there a reputation system that works? 
Government certification and licensing were invented because reputation does not work.  (They often do not work either, or are subverted to implement cartels and corporatism; but they sometimes do work.)
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:32:58
My guess is probably no.   Even large blockchain notarizing services, like Factom wants to be, will pay very little in fees to insert their hashes in the blockchain.  The current users of bitcoin -- longertm holders, day-traders, people using it for e-payments -- would not  see such "parasitic" uses as relevant to their goals, and will not be impressed.  Non-users will hardly be convinced to use it for X, Y, and Z by knowing that Factom uses it for something completely different.
@_date: 2015-04-19 04:58:32
I may be able to crash it to zero sometime next week.  Keep watching.
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:35:54
I dinot see in that list the ~1000 BTC that were taken from many wallets because of a broken random number generator in their javascript, that was not fixed for several hours.(Fortunately a white-hat hacker happened to be scanning the blockchain for that sort of bug, and preventively stole most of the exposed bitcoins to return them.) That was "human error" alright, but by the BCI developers.
@_date: 2015-04-24 10:29:04
Have you seen the material that LEOcoin has produced?  That is not a typical scamcoin, created by some unexperienced nerds for nerds... 
@_date: 2015-04-10 15:10:23
Many of those new blockchain based statups plan to use the bitcoin blockchain as a permanent distributed write-only database, by inserting certain data strings (e.g. hashes of documents or document collections) into it, embedded in special transactions.  They will have to pay transaction fees, but those fees are negligible and they do not need to do that very often.  So, those companies will not buy significant amounts of BTC, and will not be able to pay for the 3600 BTC that the miners create each day (more than 800'000 USD per day at current prices).
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:51:09
Where does that information about his birthdate come from?
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:11:33


Blockchain voting is a lousy idea for other reasons, but how would it prevent a 51% attack?  You would need to personally identify the voters to exclude robots and people voting multiple times.  That cannot be done without a central authority.
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:25:50


It is quite the rule in the software industry when you have two competing products with different fundamental approaches.  TeX cannot incorporate all features of  MSWord, and vice-versa.  Ditto for Java, Perl, and Python,  Linux and Windows,  Gimp and Photoshop, SVG and Postscript...


Not without alienating its user base.  Consider again the above examples.


That's exactly what I meant by "a crucial feature of a product X is usually dismissed as a defect by the developers of a competing product Y" 8D...
@_date: 2015-04-28 11:21:03


The two plots on that chart use different scales: the scale for transaction fees is on the right side of the chart.
Transaction fees are less than 1% of the miners' revenue, and were never significant, not even momentarily.  
It has been claimed that miners have a small speed advantage when they ignore pending transactions and mine empty blocks instead, and this advantage more than compensates for the loss of the fees contained in those transactions.
@_date: 2015-04-18 02:59:47
Many years ago I read that the US law about paper correspondence was as follows:
+ the sender could claim copyright on the contents;
+ but the letter itself became property of the recipient;
+ the copyright covered only the rights of reproduction and re-publishing the text *verbatim*;
+ the copyright did not cover the information and ideas contained in the letter.  
So, without explicit permission of the sender, the recipient could not (*re*)*publish* the letter -- print it in a book or magazine, post it on his website, show or read it verbatim on TV, etc..  But the recipient *could* tell the world that he got a letter from So-and-So that said This-and-That, as long as he did so in his own words.  And he could do with the letter whatever he could do with a book that he owned: lend it, sell it, show it to anyone he wanted to, post it on the wall of his home or office, etc..  And, of course, use it as evidence in legal disputes, if needed.  Any requests of confidenciality or secrecy that the sender put in the letter would have no effect; unless there was a prior formal non-disclosure agreement signed by both parties.
At the time I read the above claim, many years ago, it was claimed that this same rule held for email messages.  
Does anyone know whether the above is (still) the case?
@_date: 2015-04-29 23:25:20
I will let you into a secret: charge-backs are not a *defect* of the traditional payment systems, they are a *feature*.  A feature that was *deliberately* implemented, at significant cost and complexity, because it was needed to make consumers trust the system.   Which, among other things, allows PayPal to correct actual errros of their software (Have there been any?)
@_date: 2016-09-02 05:12:37


Try to think the details of that.  For one thing, the device still needs to prove to the 21inc server that it is the owner ofthe chip.  
 &gt;  "buffered pool mining".
That is just pool mining; except that, since 21inc knows that none of the chips will mine anything for a long time, they will give a steady stream of bitcoins in advance, from their own reserves.


So the 21inc sends to the device a  signed but not broadcast transaction that the device can use to withdraw the btcoins from the pool.  OK, now the device contacts a micropaid service and needs to pay 5 cents (in bitcoin) to it.  Then it must broadcast that transaction (thus closing that 21inc-&gt;device payment channel), wait ~10 minutes for the transaction to confirm, issue another transactin that opens a payment channel to the service, wait another ~10 minutes for it to confirm, then send the service a signed but non-broadcast transaction that pays those 5 cents to the service theough that channel.
That assumes that the blockchain is not congested and the two transactions are confirmed in the next block.  Otherwise the device will have to check the miner queues and maybe send one or two RBF transactions to ge them unstuck.  And assumes also that the 21inc-&gt;device channel is a simple one, that does not have the 48-hour delay for closing.
But there is an alternative: the service must have opened an account at 21inc, and then the device can pay through the 21inc server.  Namely, the 21inc serer just updates its internal ledgers to transfer 5 cents from the device's account to the service's account.  Like a centralized fiat-based micropayment would work.
And then there is the issue of how is the device goin to decide that $0.05 is a good price for that quantum of service.  Should the device ask the user before making each micropayment?  Or will the user have to program the device, "for site XYZ.com, it its OK to pay $0.05 every MB of video downloaded.  For the site ABC.com, it is OK to pay $0.10 for every news article.  For service github.com, it is OK to pay $1.00 for each commit that succeeded. For..."


That is at least 10 day's worth of the chip's revenue.
@_date: 2015-04-18 22:14:11


Well, there could have been several possible fixes.  For the first incident, for example, a more natural choice would have been to check for integer overflows, instead of just disabling OP_MUL.  While no one forced the miners, they did not choose independently; they "conspired" to follow Gavin's leadership.  It's a subtle philosophical point...
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:33:08
I *know* that the rounding for display only, but that is what is wrong with it... The amounts *should* be rounded for real, so that the client is not presented with 0.0001 + 0.0001 + 0.0001 + 0.0001 = 0.0006, and can understand the numbers without having to hover over each amount and memorize it.
@_date: 2015-09-17 18:28:40
That would be interesting.  
Yes, there is a stress test goin on.  More precisely, there are ~20 MB of uconfirmed transactions in the queues, and the incoming transaction rate is higer than normal. 
However, the last point in the Blockchain.Info charts is often garbage.  Perhaps they try to extrapolate the partial data that they have to what the value may be in the whole day.   There was a spike of demand (50 tx/s) around 2015-09-17 02:00 UTC, but otherwise traffic seems to be what it usually is during stress tests, when the queues are full.  Namely, 2.27 tx/s, which would be just under 200'000 tx/day -- the same that we saw in previous tests.
@_date: 2015-09-17 23:11:27
Yeah, truths do not stop being true just because they are old truths.
@_date: 2017-10-28 13:50:15
@_date: 2015-04-03 01:48:22


@_date: 2015-04-27 21:28:51
Only that this is not funny or trolling, it is dead serious.  China is the elephant in the room when it comes to "selling" bitcoins or bitcoin funds.  Those Chinese day-traders created the Nov/2013 bubble, and they must be still responsable for 50% of the current price, if not more.  If you want to know about them, you have to look at non-bitcoin sources like [**this one**]( because the bitcoin media will never publish this information.
@_date: 2015-04-04 09:22:57
Until BTC replaces the local currency, every bitcoin put into the local economy will eventually have to be sold in the local market for the local currency.  So, a net flow of BTC into the country will cause the price there be lower than in the source country, considering the nominal currency exchaneg rates.  The difference will probably grow until arbitragers find it profitable to buy coins in the local market and sell them abroad.  But  arbitragers will need to convert foreign currencies to local currencies, so the spread cost may well make bitcoin remittance as expensive as bank remittance.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:38:09
Sorry, if you don't understand even the gold case, I don't know how to explain the gift card case.
@_date: 2015-04-17 16:52:34
Surely they *can* happen, but the risk is very high, and reputation systems do not eliminate it.  Proof is that scams abound in the "bitcoin space".  (On bitcointalk, for example, usually the scammers join forces to give negative trust to anyone who denounces them...)
Charge-backs were invented to lessen that risk to the consumers, and put the escrow function in the hands of a  third party *that has a vested interest in keeping both customers and merchants satisfied*.
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:14:42


On the contrary, since the only demand and supply would be due to its use as currency in e-payments, its price would be much more stable.  People woudl avoid holding bitcoin for longer than necessary, so all the coins would be circulating through the market.  
The reason why the price is so volatile now is because it is 90% or more due to speculation, and there are no fundamentals that could be quantified to peg the price.  Day-traders estimate the "right price" today based on their expectations of future prices, but these will eb based on future expectations about even more remote future prices, and so on -- recursively, without end.  Any change in the mood of day-traders can cause arbitrarily large price swings. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:27:38
When one buys/recharges the prepaid debit card, the corresponding BTC are sold, right? If so, isn't it just a normal debit card?  
One can sell BTC for dollars and spend dollars anywhere.  That does not mean "bitcoins can be used anywhere"...
BTW, the Xapo "FAQ" link returns "page not found"...
@_date: 2015-04-18 09:29:53
The miners have no influence on the price of bitcoin, except to the extent that, by selling their output at the exchanges, they add a ~10% yearly inflation rate to the price fluctuations (which are largely the effect of speculative short-term trading at the exchanges).
Since BitPay and other payment processors use the exchanges to promptly convert customer bitcoins into dollars and euros, it is the exchanges that define the value of bitcoin as an  instrument for payments via the internet -- which is the stated purpose of the coin, and its only reason for existence.
@_date: 2015-04-04 00:06:34
I am not a lawyer, but I understand that "money transmission" is what Western Union does, and banks also do: sending money to someone else *far away*.
Bitcoin lets you do that: you buy bitcoins here, make them available to the other person through the internet, they sell them there.   So people who buy and sell bitcoins locally for cash may be doing "money transmission" in the eyes of the law.
AFAIK the US does not have laws prohibiting the use of other currencies, foreign or private, in commercial transactions.  However, if you operate a service that allowed sending BerkShares to someone else far away, you may need a "money transmitting license".
The game SecondLife has a virtual currency (Linden Dollars) that can be transmitted to other people through the game.  IIRC, they got in trouble with the law years ago, and had to take some measures to prevent use of the currency outside the game.  There may be similar stories about videogame points and currencies.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:06:40
Yes, but the miners would not be worried about that, only the purists will; and 99%% of the other players would not care.
@_date: 2015-04-02 16:23:44
All I have read, in some news piece, is that the "divorce"  was by mutual agreement of the two parties.
Which can be said of most armed robberies too..
@_date: 2015-04-09 16:37:41
But you cannot call it "saving" since saving is much more general term.  E.g. someone who puts his dollars in a savings account is "saving"  but not "hoarding dollars", because those dollars will be lent by the bank to other people.
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:24:41
The point is to estimate how much the price would be **if there was no speculation**, i.e. no one held cash for longer than the typical earn-spend cycle.  How long do you keep a dollar bill before spending it?  I never keep them longer than 2 weeks, so for me T = 7 days is more like it.  For a brick-and-store shop, T is probably 1 day for dollar bills, but maybe 1-2 weeks if you also count bank deposits.
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:58:34
I understoold that much.  They will have to pay fees to put their hashes in the blockchain, but those feews willgo to the miners who will eventually sell them. So those bitcoins are not "hoarded forever".  Do they consume bitcoins in some other way?
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:18:00
Just be warned that the correct answer to "the total number of bitcoins is limited and the limit cannot be raised" is "False".  ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-03 16:57:03
For example, most articles about remittance start by quoting the size of the world's remittance market.  Many articles about e-payments quote the global volume of e-payments.  "If we captured only 1% of that..."
@_date: 2015-04-26 22:59:02
The Chinese were responsible for the Nov/2013 bubble, and probably also for the Apr/2013 one.  They are just slowly unloading all the coins that they bought from "the West" during those two episodes. When they are done, the price could be back to where it was on Dec//2012, namely ~13 $/BTC.
@_date: 2015-04-14 10:49:58
What positive effects could come from adoption of a "store of value" that has lost 80% of its value in 15 months? From adoption of a "currency" that can lose 10% or more of its purchasing power in a matter of minutes?
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:53:49
Yes, I know how crypto signatures work.
The main problem of those schemes is that any party who could intimidate a voter (his wife, his boss, the neighborhood mafioso, the local branch of the Kill Those Bastards Party, ...) can also force him to reveal his private key, or can provide him with a precomputed key.
Other problems include the need to trust the voter's equipment for key generation and secrecy, what can a voter do if he finds that his vote was chnaged and signed with another key, and so on.
One of the essential requirements of a voting system is that no one else can see your vote, ***and you cannot prove to anyone else that you voted in a certain way, even if you wanted to***.  Both of these requirements are necessary to prevent voter coercion.
@_date: 2015-04-28 03:31:47
That only keeps the block rate constant.  It does not change the calculations above.
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:21:43
Overstock was very enthusiastic about bitcoin a year ago.  They put some of their capital assets in bitcoin, and, when selling in bitcoin via Bitpay, they opted to receive a fraction of the payment in bitcoins rather than dollars.
However, in their latest financial statements and report to investors, they admitted that sales in bitcoin were disappointing (about 3 million USD in 1 year, IIRC, which was less than 1% of their total sales).  They had stopped taking in actual bitcoins a while ago, and held only 1500 BTC (also a very small fraction of their total assets) which only contributed to the negative side of their balance sheets.  The CEO is still sympathetic about bitcoin, but perhaps mainly for political convictions than financial reasons.
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:49:19


Not inherently, and not the case for many funds whose underlying assets are well understood by the prospective investors.  But definitely the case for bitcoin funds: they seek to make bitcoin look more respectable, hence attarctive to common investors; and accessible to IRA money.
Come on, that hope is the very reason why the bitcoin community is watching so anxiously the progress of those funds.
I would like to know which institutional funds are currently invested in Bitcoin.  I recall the Fortress Group investing in bitcoin in 2013, but IIRC they divested when the price tanked.
I do have a very negative view of those funds, because they are trying to get money from people like pensioners who cannot really understand the risks of bitcoin, with the implied promise of fantastic gains.  Didn't the Winkles say "maybe a trillion dollars per BTC"?
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:33:58
Like any businessmen, the price that miners will set for their work is whatever will give them the maximum profit.  How much will that be, depends on how strongly people will prefer bitcoin to banks.  Users cannot choose their miners, so if a majority of the miners decides to reject any trasnsaction that does not  include a certain minimum fee, everybody will either pay that fee or will have to use some other way, not bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-04-19 05:32:25
These predictions were made in May 2014, but they are still just as good as they were then:
@_date: 2015-04-01 02:45:06
That seems to be a common occurrence: the judge prohibits the parties from mentioning certain facts that, in his opinion, while connected to the case, actually have no connection to the specific charges being tried, but may confuse the jury into thinking that they do.
In Ulbricht's case, the charges were along the line that he set up and operated the Silk Road market, that he profited from the illegal trades that happened in it, etc..  I would guess that, in the judge's view, the actions of the rogue agents were not relevant to those charges, and did not affect the validity of the evidence *that was used by the prosecution*.  Bringing up and debating the agents' story during the trial would only confuse the jury (and might interfere with the FBI's investigation of the agents, that may have been still underway when Ulbricht's charges were submitted.)
Myself, I think that such "paternalism" by judges is philosophically wrong.  The jury is the highest authority as deciding whether the charges are to be considered valid, so I think that the judge should just warn the jurors that those facts are not relevant to the case, and let them decide.  But the current system may work better in practice.
Anyway, Ulbricht's trial was hardly a judicial error.  One may question the laws, but in this case the verdict and sentence followed them in letter and spirit.
@_date: 2015-04-21 06:39:43
Lawsky was supposed to step down this year and go to a job in industry.  Any news on that?  (Perhaps he will leave the implementation to his successor; that way he could take the merit of the work, but leave the blame to him if it fails... 8D)
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:01:49
Thanks... But doesn't that require keeping also all the  documents in the clear in a public database, and using special-purpose query tools?  (E.g. consider selling a 2-acre property to one person and a 1-acre parcel of the same land to another.  Or twice the same corner property with different street addresses.)
Proof of non-existence in the real world is achieved by having *one* official registry (possibly distributed) for each item,  and making everyone aware that an item is not legally your property if that fact is not recorded there.  E.g., all land plots in one county, and their legal owners, *must* be recorded in that county's land registry.   Seems hard to achieve the same effect without laws mandating the use of a particular registry.  Can Factom solve that?
@_date: 2015-04-18 16:03:13
Um, thanks for the "barely understand". 
@_date: 2015-04-11 19:13:53
Yes, that is the point.  People keep money in the bank, rather than cash at home, for safety and convenience; not because  they are afraid that cash "is doomed".
@_date: 2015-04-01 03:33:48
China shows that a strong government can effectively block bitcoin's use as currency.  Day-trading and mining still occur there only because the government chose to let the exchanges and mines operate.  If it wanted to, it could easily have closed both.
If bitcoin were to be really banned in the US, there would be no legal way to buy, earn, sell, or spend bitcoins in the country.  How could it maintain its value then?  
Wall Street is not interested in bitcoin per se; they only hope to skim money from the bitcoiners via mines, exchanges, funds, payment processors, etc..  If (when) that cow stops giving milk, they will lose interest and let the government slaughter it.
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:36:43
I think it is far more likely that a banana street vendor will be speculating with bitcoin than with stocks or traditional commodities.  
@_date: 2015-04-19 08:04:52
When a country's currency loses value against the currencies of other countries, all imported goods immediately become more expensive.  Then all goods that are made in the country but require imported parts or materials will also become more expensive.  If the country is a net oil importer, the price of gasoline will go up, so transportation costs will go up too.  Consumers who buy imported things will demand raises or will start charging more for their work.  And so on.  Eventually the currency devaluation spreads to the whole internal economy, so the currency also loses purchasing power inside the country.
Since bitcoin has no "internal economy" to speak of, any devaluation with respect to the dollar immediately reduces its purchasing power by the same percentage.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:44:45


On the contrary, I am assuming that miners can act rationally beyond the "I want the next block's reward" mindset, that bitcoiners seem to assume.  Increasing and/or extending the block reward, for example, would have enormous payoff for them, which would make the concerted effort more rational than "each one by himself" behavior. 
In my analysis of the game, for each of the players, accepting the cartel's change without fuss would be the rational behavior.  The rebellion assumed by the purists would be ideologically motivated, not the rational choice.
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:28:46
Yes.  One can store the digital votes in the blockchain, but the problem is capturing the vote without risk of fraud or revealing the vote.  A good voting system cannot allow the voter to prove that he voted in this or that way, cannot depend on complicated technology that the voter does not understand, and cannot require trust in implementors and administrators.  Those contraints mean that the solution is not "the right software", but a system whose security does not depend on software.
@_date: 2015-04-10 18:18:47
Sorry for being confusing.  The argument of the OP would explain why the **BTC volume** is increasing as the price decreases.  It doesn't explain why the **number of transactions** is increasing.
My point is that the number of trasactions is a meaningless quantity because only a small percentage of it is e-payments.  I have plotted the number of transactions from the Bitpay wallet data; it was almost flat for most of 2014.  So my guess is that it is only the 90% of "garbage" transactions that is increasing.
It has been argued that lower BTC price means lower fees and dust threshold, which allows spammers to spam more.  Perhaps.
@_date: 2015-04-02 05:08:01
However the orders are for only 100 shares = 10 BTC, i.e. pennies for those financial companies.  (Although some claim that "100" means "100 baskets of 100" so that would be 10'000 shares or 1000 BTC. But there is no hint that the unit is not 1 share.)
@_date: 2015-04-13 06:27:46
Thanks! I shoud have done that myself; apologies for being lazy.  However, it does not seem a very effective way of marketing bitcoin among the general public.  Not even among computer nerds...
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:29:35
Indeed, if the merchant were honest, there would be no issue...
@_date: 2015-04-24 10:52:42


Alas, have you seen the data released recently by BitPay?  There is no sign that actual use of bitcoin for e-payments is growing, and hints that it has in fact decreased over last year.   Excluding payments related to mining (i.e. internal to the bitcoin system) and purchases of gold and silver at Amagi (i.e. investors switching form bitcoin to precious metals),  they seem to have processed less than 500 USD per *year* per merchant, on average.  It is quite possibly that half of their 50'000 affiliated merchants have seen only one purchase "in bitcoin" in 2014, or none at all.
These numbers confirmed suspicions based on anecdotal evidence previously reported by some businesses, including Overstock.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:03:56
The source is somewhere in github, I guess. /s
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:57:05
You cannot expect the exchanges to reverse the currency pairs, i.e. to give the price of dollar in BTC (or bits), instead of the price of BTC (or bits) in dollars.  Everybody, and everybody's software, expects the latter order.
Switching from BTC to bits while keeping the pair order is less disruptive, but still inconvenient because it means writing the price as '0.00024533 $/bit" instead of "245.33 $/BTC".  Besides requring more digits and being harder to read, the former goes against people's expectation that USD amounts are rounded to cents.  
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:34:32
Rats! Form now on, whenever someone mentions Satoshi I will see Russell Crowe's face...
@_date: 2015-04-10 07:24:29
The problem is that the protocol does not provide any incentive to run a full node.  Only miners will  have indirect interest in doing that.  (I wonder how many of those 6400 nodes are miners.)
@_date: 2015-04-14 01:03:29
The answer may be somewhere in [**their OTCQX filing**]( but I cannot find it in that vast ocean of legalese.  
@_date: 2015-04-21 10:50:10


Well, that is not how a "51% attack" works.  The attacker ignores the block found by the lucky miner and keeps working on his version, with his own last block as parent.  


It is the 4-5 top mining companies, which, as Jeremy pointed out, are all Chinese today. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 19:24:34
I suppose the OP is asking about using bitcoin as intermediary, to convert (say) USD in the US to the equivalent PHP in the Philippines.
There are several startups trying to do that.  Let's see how they fare.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:30:55
He could have dumped a pre-mined chain that made every block mined up to that point an orphan, thus stealing the coinbase coins that other miners had found and possibly spent. 
Surely, he would not want do that; but bitcoin was supposed to be trustable without anyone having to trust anyone else, including Satoshi himself.  Hence the need to prove that there were no premined blocks.
@_date: 2015-04-05 15:14:19
In the late 1980's I was working at a research lab in the US. A few people in the lab started a project called "Millicent" with the goal to enable micropayments using public-key cryptography.  At the time there was no solution to the distributed ledger problem, so that part would still be centralized.  The guys, all with Satoshi-level competence, were not "cypherpunks", although they may have been quite liberal in their political views, and sensitive to social implications.  (I think I recognized one of them in a photo that was posted recently in some forum, taken at some US government place.)
Through the 1980s, most researchers working with the internet apparently assumed as an axiom that a good solution to any network problem had to be a decentralized one.  The internet was dominated by universities and scientists, which were all quite obsessed with their independence and would not have accepted any central authority or hierarchy, whatever their political leanings.  Thus, the great protocols of that era -- SMPT, USENET news, FTP, TELNET --  were all decentralized, either P2P or "ad-hoc cooperative".  To me, bitcoin feels like an anachronism, a project that would have been totally natural in the 1980s -- not just among cyberpunks, but among computer scientists in general.  In the era of Google and Facebook, "decentralized" smells of mothballs...
If the birthdate 1975 is true, Satoshi would be too young to be part of that generation.  He would have been in college in the mid-1990s; WWW and free software were still strong ideas by then, perhaps he still caught the trailing edge of the "decentralized is good of course" mindset.  By 2009 he would have been 34. To me, his writing style, his choice of TeX and ArXiv for the whitepaper, and some of his programming choices means that he probably had a Ph. D. in computer science, which seems compatible with that age.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:28:32
The exchange was called btc-up, I gather.  Why isn't that information in the article?
@_date: 2015-04-04 18:34:10
TL;DR: they write things that upset you.
@_date: 2015-04-05 21:30:16
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:18:41
I believe you are mistaken.  Hint: miners can jam a fork of the bitcoin so that nodes and users are forced to use the other fork or lose their coins.  
But this is a complicated question, this is not the place to discuss it.
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:45:40
It does not imply but does not exclude.  Hoarding currency is only one of many possible ways of saving; if it is not stupid for the individual, it is bad for the economy (at least it is what mainstream economy says, with justification).
@_date: 2015-04-11 11:42:17
Step 0. Ask a lawyer competent in those matters what are the legal constraints and risks of setting up a remittance service.
@_date: 2015-04-28 11:45:41


Boy, you must have kept your eyes closed for a whole year.
About 5--10% of the coins in existence are in possession of thieves, fraudsters, ransowmare hackers, and the like.  
MtGOX alone sold 660'000 fake bitcoins to its clients.  
The network depends on humans in an essential way: it depends on miners wanting to earn the block rewards and fees, on node operators being willing to keep the nodes running for free, on people accepting bitcoins as a currency, and, above all, on new investors being willing to pay real dollars for the 3600 coins that miners create each day, and also for the coins that earlier investors decide to sell or spend.  Without those human elements acting in humanly expected ways, there would be no bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-04-27 21:30:57
That "5 days" is a guess by an optimistic shareholder; Greyscale did not provide any time estimate, so Two Weeks^TM can be assumed by default. 8-)
@_date: 2015-04-08 10:34:48
The only BIT shareholders who are allowed to sell (with shares older than 12 months) are still waiting for some sort of certificates that they need to interact with the brokers.  
@_date: 2017-10-29 02:50:21


I explained why it does not say that: 
1. Whether a chain is valid does not depend on its length, and there is always a possibility that a shorter chain will become the longest (and therefore preferred) one.   (In fact, there have been three occasions in the past when a chain that was 6 blocks or more behind the longer one later became the longer chain, and is still it.) 
2.  Any set of miners (not necessarily a majority) can decide what they consider "valid" blocks.  Once they have decided that, they are supposed to ignore any other chain that does not satisfy their criteria, no matter how long or how much work it has.   Any clients that accept those new rules will do the same.


If by "nodes" you mean the non-mining relays: they should not exist, because they were not in the original design, were introduced without any justification, conttribute nothing to the system, and totally break its security.  
Anyway, there are no laws, contracts, or terms of service that require anyone to run a specific implementation of the bitcoin protocol.  Anyone can change the software anyway he wants. 
Bitcoin does not and can not depend on *mandatory* rules.  There is no "right" or "wrong", no "must".   Bitcoin is supposed to work only through the players freely choosing to interact with it and pursuing their self-interest.  If the result is not what you think it should be, then either you did not understand what bitcoin was supposed to be -- or the idea is flawed and does not work. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 11:00:55
Thanks! Yes that was the thread - I misremembered, they used an ordinary notary to set up the company with a capital in bitcoin.
(Good luck to them, but a company that keeps reserves in bitcoin and does accounting in bitcoin obviously does not know what these words mean... 8-( )
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:00:48
Stocks are generally a good investment, if you go for the longer term and pay attention to what the companies  actually do (as opposed to day-trading based on TA, or jumping into every new hyped startup).  
For less risky but lower-yielding investment, there are many private and government bonds that pay a small profit over inflation.
You could also invest in real estate, and get a steady income from rent as well as non-decreasing sale value (provided that you avoid artificial bubbles, like the 2008 one).
I would not invest in gold of silver; their prices (like bitcoin's) seem to be mostly due to speculation, and (like bitcoin) they may crash to unpredictable lows at any time, and may never rise back to today's levels.  I don't know about non-precious metals like copper.
@_date: 2015-04-01 21:53:21
AFAIK, anyone can insert a hash in the blockchain; all one needs is the basic client software and a bit of extra code.  Anyone can use that hash to confirm that a given document was the source of the hash, and therefore must have existed at the time.  Other tools can be used to digitally sign contracts before computing the hash.  So, what is the extra service that Factom and their software provides?
@_date: 2015-04-21 05:16:11
But he is not "government"; he is just one senator.  AFAIK he did not get anywhere with his crusade.
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:20:18


Doesn't seem so, the NITE bid has been there since 04-06, the MERI bid since 03-03. [EDIT: fixed dates]


According to [this post]( and [this post]( BIT shareholdres are still unable to sell, as the paperwork has not ended yet.
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:38:39
If the coins neve existed, that would be *good* for all the victims, because the 220'000 remaining coins might be enough to fulfill all *legitimate* claims.
However, the big question is what will be considered a legitimate claim.  Victims seem to assume that their claims will be simply the account balances that they had at some point just before MtGOX closed down.   However, it seems that the practice in such bankruptcy cases is to ignore the bogus balances of the failed institution, and instead define the claim of each victim as the total deposits minus the total withdrawals (or sero if negative); converting the bitcoins to JPY according to the price at deposit or withdrawal.  AFAIK, this is the method that was used to assess the claims of Madoff's victims, for example.
Obviously, the claim amounts obtained by this formula will be vastly different from the final account balances.  Someone who deposited only 100 BTC in Dec/2012 and never traded or withdrew anything would have a final balance of 100 BTC, worth 100 x 240 = 24'000 USD at today's price; but would  be entitled to only  100 x 14 = 1'400 USD by the above rule.  Someone who deposited 100 BTC at the same time, and withdrew 20 BTC on 2013-11-28, would have a final balance of  80 BTC, but would not be entitled to anything by the formula above, because, in the court's view, he deposited 100 x 14 = 1'400 USD but withdrew 20 x 1000 = 20'000 USD -- lucky of him.
I don't know whether the trustee of the bankruptcy will follow the formula above, or whether he has any choice.  I suspect that he himself does not know yet.  The victims seem unaware of this all-important issue, and it seems that they have not thought of asking the trustee about it. 
Anyway, the trustee has to make up his mind soon.  The court-approved deadline for claims filing is May 25, and he has not posted instructions yet (which should include the answer to that question above).
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:29:27
You should run a better survey, actually comparing the user reactions to the two interfaces.  From "BTC is too expensive" you cannot conclude that "We would prefer to deal in Bits"
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:47:15
There were several other large rallies without halvings, so there is no reason to think that the Jan/2013 really was caused by the Nov/2012 halving -- which did not cause even a small blip, and was *followed* by 5 weeks of totally flat price. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 23:05:43
I don't pretend to know much about finance, but it seems to be widely accepted that one of the causes (or *the* cause) of the 2008 collapse was the multiplication "innovative" financial instruments without real backing.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-04-03 16:54:49
@_date: 2015-04-30 19:15:18
Yes, of course.  When did the topic become popular among computer scientists?  It was in the mid-1990s, is that right?
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:25:39


National currencies are not meant to be investment options.  Only fools and criminals "invest" in currencies.


Bitcoin's inflation is still 3.8% per year.  As for the future, will the miners always accept the halvings of the reward?  All it takes to increase the 21 million limit is change two lines of code...
In fact, the miners don't even need to change the code.  If the 4 largest pools agree, they can impose a demurrage fee ("negative interest" on your "account"); which is equivalent to inflation.


Not for long.  How do you buy your bitcoins?  How will the other party sell them?
@_date: 2015-04-30 12:44:59
You may have invested millions of dollars, possibly borrowed, into mining equipment that became unprofitable due to falling BTC price and rising difficulty...
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:41:04
Erm, how long since the Winklevosses filed their first COIN proposal with the SEC?
@_date: 2015-04-18 09:43:05
Amazing how an experienced reporter can whip up three lines' worth of information into a half-page article.  "Barclay's closes account of 17-year -old bitcoin-trading client after noticing a 50£ deposit of fraudulent origin.  The bank eventually offers 40£ of compensation for having blocked the withdrawal of his 400£ balance for a few days."  The article even includes three photos that show to readers what a 17-year-old and a bank look like.
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:19:38


Investment in bitcoin startups totalled more than 400 million in 2014 alone, according to Coindesk and other sources.  
But those startups and their investors still have no weight at all on the future of bitcoin, except to the extent that they can pay for marketing campaings, websites, and conferences, perhaps hold the price up a little, and maybe bribe some poor developers, market analysts, regulators, etc.. 
Just because some investors have thrown huge piles of money into some business or market, it does not mean that they have control over it.  Consider the billions that were invested in internet startups during the dot-com bubble, or in companies like Enron and WorldCom.  There are thousands of other egregious examples.
@_date: 2015-09-16 15:48:33
On september 13, 15'000 transactions were Blockchain ID, and ~20'000 were OP_RETURN.  Normal traffic is ~120'000 transactions per day.  
How much would Blockchain ID be willing to pay per transaction?  0.20 USD?  2.00 USD?  20.00 USD?
@_date: 2015-04-16 16:14:39
No, it did not fail because of the blockchain, of course.  It failed because the webpage programming was blotched. (It was provided by a startup called Swarm, that is supposed to do just what the OP asked -- use the blockchain for voting).
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:49:07
Sigh, sigh, sigh.
It does not matter that some of the bits are checksums or whatever.  The only goal it to make the replacement address LOOK like the original, by having the same first and last characters.  
The checksum will always be correct because when the hacker created his 30 million addresses, all of them had correct checksums.
@_date: 2015-04-10 10:41:45
So the responders are self-selected among the readers of bitcointalk that happen to see that thread... OK...
@_date: 2015-04-01 02:51:39
I understand that Factom only inserts the hash of a document in the blockchain, and does not keep a copy of it itself, right?
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:54:18
This has been posted before in this thread:
@_date: 2015-04-11 19:33:40
The code is:
    int(nBits[1:4]) * 2 ** (8 * int(nBits[0] - 3))
From that formula alone, yes, there could be several representations giving the same value.  
With nbits[1:4] = 16, nbits[0] = 4, you get 16*256 = 4096.
With nbits[1:4] = 4096, nbits[0] = 3, you get 4096*1 = 4096.
However, there may be a specification somewhere else that nbits[1:4] must be normalized so that the first ~~bit is 1~~ byte is nonzero.  ~~That would explain the "-3" in the formula.~~
EDIT: I take back the guess about the "-3".  Do you have a pointer to the actual code on github?  I don't trust that wiki page.
@_date: 2015-04-01 23:11:15
Sorry about that, what can I say?...
@_date: 2015-04-07 14:52:05
Overstock now receives 100% dollars from Coinbase, so when they refund they send dollars to back to Coinbase, that converts them (virtually) to BTC in your account.
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:10:10
Have you seen [this older thread]( It seems to discuss that question.
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:27:36


It is *exactly* the same (except only for trading fees). And also the amount of money paid is exactly the same as the amount of money received (ditto).
But that accounting  does not give any useful information.  You must instead consider the set of "bitcoin investors" -- people who have bought bitcoin at some point in the past -- and look at the money that goes into and out of that group.  
When an investor buys from another investor, the amount of money that one gains is equal to the amount of money that the other loses.  So there is no net money flow into or out of that group.
However, when an investor buys from a miner,  that money leaves the "investor" group, and never comes back.  This flow of money out of the "investor" group is now ~10 million USD/day.
Thus the "investor" group, as a whole, only **loses** money, at that rate.  It never gains a penny.  Note that this conclusion does not depend on what happens to the price or what strategies the "investors" use.
@_date: 2015-04-27 10:47:20
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:23:27
Just to make it clear, I am highly skeptic about bitcoin's longterm success (as it is widely understood), and I do not own any bitcoins (or any other cryptocurrency).  If that makes my opinion worthless in your eyes, well, so be it; what can I do?
@_date: 2015-04-21 01:55:59
Indeed.  The data recently released by Bitpay shows that the situation is worse than even skeptics like me had suspected.  
Discounting mining, precious metals, travel, and gift cards, BitPay processed some 25 million US$ of e-payments in 2014, distributed among 50'000 merchants.  That is an average of 500 $ per merchant *per year*.  
Moreover, large internet shopping sites like Newegg, Overstock, Dell must be taking most of that volume.  So, using the 80-20 rule-of-thumb, it is likely that 40'000 of those 50'000 merchants sold less than 100 $ via bitcoin in 2014, and 32'000 sold less than 20 $...
@_date: 2015-04-14 10:32:01
He tried to extort a police dept, i.e. take taxpayer money from them...  
@_date: 2015-04-25 18:51:57
Do NOT EVEN THINK that it may be a defect of the protocol.  That Rule was defined by Satoshi Himself, so it is hugely Right and Good, in some mystical sense of those words that mere mortal users will never grasp.
@_date: 2015-04-05 16:41:30
What that sentence means is that the price will instantaneously jump from 256 to 275, and only then it will decide where it wants to go. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:57:21
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:56:11
I hope people are familiar with BFL's recent history and status.
@_date: 2015-04-29 10:42:10


Say it again:


@_date: 2015-04-11 12:58:26
OK, sorry.  But there are two OKCoins, the old "Chinese" one in Beijing (okcoin.cn) that trades in CNY, and the new "international" one (okcoin.com) that has the futures etc., which is based in Hong Kong IIRC.  I presume that you are trading in the second one, correct?
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:31:43


Wow.  No wonder the guy thinks that the blockchain will end poverty.  
@_date: 2015-04-22 08:21:40
Also: The computations done to secure the blockchain may not have any other use, but all that mining equipment itself may be useful to spooks and hackers.
Suppose that a hacker gets hold of the SHA256 hash of a document whose contents he precisely knows, except for one crucial field.  Say, a PDF or HTML standard form with a PIN number, or an e-mail message with a canned text and a unique password.  
The hacker could recover that unknown field by brute force:  substitute all possible values in that field, compute the hash of the document, and check whether it matches the target hash.  If the unknown value has M bits, then he may have to try half of the 2^M possible values, on average.   The number of bits M that he can crack depends on how fast he can compute each hash.  With an ordinary computer, he may be able to try 1 trillion hashes per day, and thus break a field with about 40 bits of information (12 decimal digits, or 7 uppercase or lowercase letters, or ...) in one day.  If he can rent or command 10% of the bitcoin network's hashpower, he can try about two billion trillion hashes per day, and recover a field with about 70 bits of information (21 decimal digits, or 12 uppercase  or lowercase letters, or...) 
@_date: 2015-04-10 18:10:44
But how does Circle make money then?
@_date: 2015-04-05 07:17:06
Using a newspaper headline is the standard way to prove that a record was made in a certain date and not earlier.
Note that he did not want to recreate virtual gold or abolish inflationary money.  Those are goals that goldbugs and libertarians tacked onto bitcoin later. He wanted a payment system that did not depend on trusted central authorities.  Roosevelt's decree is not very relevant to that.  
Hundreds of things happened on April 5, hundreds happened in 1975; among them of course there would be some related to money.  If he had put any other date, surely the ancaps would have found similar coincidences.  If Soviets were writing that piece, they could have picked the sentencing of the Rosenbergs.  A Cuban could have picked the start of Fidel Castro's revolution...
On April 5, 1609, Japan invaded Okinawa, which up to then had been an independent country.  If Satoshi is indeed a Japanese, perhaps he is Okinawan, and picked that date for nationalistic reasons.  Why not?
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:46:07
It does look like BitcoinWisdom's screen with Dark style, some indicator (DMI? MACD?) turned on.  The light bands at top and bottom may be desktop menu bars.
The graph could be the bitcoin price between April 1 and April 6, 2015.
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:38:37
    # Distribution of bitcoins by address - Block ~349400 - 2015-03-26
    # From 
    Balance             ! Num.Addresses ! % of Addresses !        Tot BTC !           Tot USD ! % of all BTC
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0 - 0.0001          |     2,427,449 |          52.76 |        378.640 |        94,190.000 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     2,427,449 |          52.76 |        378.640 |        94,190.000 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0.001 - 0.01        |       723,988 |          15.73 |      2,628.000 |       653,675.000 |         0.02
    0.01 - 0.1          |       699,618 |          15.21 |     24,176.000 |     6,014,026.000 |         0.17
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     1,423,606 |          30.94 |     26,804.000 |     6,667,701.000 |         0.19
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0.1 - 1             |       381,999 |           8.30 |    130,066.000 |    32,354,831.000 |         0.93
    1 - 10              |       245,297 |           5.33 |    693,963.000 |   172,628,469.000 |         4.96
    10 - 100            |       106,744 |           2.32 |  3,723,120.000 |   926,153,499.000 |        26.63
    100 - 1,000         |        14,419 |           0.31 |  3,319,050.000 |   825,638,282.000 |        23.74
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |       748,459 |          16.26 |  7,866,199.000 | 1,956,775,081.000 |        56.26
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    1,000 - 10,000      |         1,582 |           0.03 |  3,241,634.000 |   806,380,345.000 |        23.18
    10,000 - 100,000    |           101 |            .   |  2,410,454.000 |   599,618,353.000 |        17.24
    100,000 - 1,000,000 |             3 |            .   |    436,459.000 |   108,572,365.000 |         3.12
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |         1,686 |           0.03 |  6,088,547.000 | 1,514,571,063.000 |        43.54
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    TOTAL               |     4,601,200 |          99.99 | 13,981,928.640 | 3,478,108,035.000 |        99.99
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:29:35


Thanks for the correction.  But aren't Bitstamp and BTC-e the 2nd and 3rd largest "Western" exchanges?


Right, they only took the price from ~20 to ~1200, then dragged it down to the current value.  Hopefully they will shut down soon, and the price will go back to good old double digits again.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:32:07


But, unlike cash, bicoin payments are meant to happen between parties who do not know each other, and have no idea where the other party is, and cannot see the merchandise before paying for it.   
Compare what happens if the fast food place takes your cash but does not hand over the hamburger, with what happens if SilkRoad 5.0 takes your bitcoins but does not send you the merchandise.
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:58:25
"Increased adoption" apparently means more merchants are "accepting bitcoin" through payment processors like BitPay and Coinbase, who take bitcoins from customers, sell them in the open markets, and send dollars to the merchants.
The customers who pay with bitcoin seem to be mostly bitcoiners who bough their coins some time ago, and are spending them in order to collect profits (or cut their losses); as opposed to people who buy bitcoins just to use them for payment.  While the latter may exist too, in unknown numbers, their effect on price is  very small (proportional to the time they hold the coins, between buying and spending them).
So, it is no wonder that the alleged "increasing adoption" has not resulted in rising price.  Its effect, if anything, is probably that of increasing divestment, the selling of old coins, rather than new investment.
That said: we do not really know how much bitcoin is being spent in e-payments, nor whether that is growing or decreasing.  There are many anecdotes of merchants who "accepted bitcoin" but got only a handful of sales in bitcoin over many months.  Overstock, the most famous "bitcoin-accepting" retailer, saw its bitcoin sales drop sharply after the first   couple of months.
Moreover, there are reasons to believe that  general decline of the price since February 2014 was due to gradual divestment by the Chinese speculators who bought an unknown but large number of bitcoins in 2013, lifting the price from ~12 to ~1200.  
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:25:10
That is the point. They claim to have been "holding a survey ‘Bitcoin in Russia and CIS countries’" but don't bother to tell how they got their sample.  Obviously they got mostly bitcoin users, but also almost half of non-users.  What use is a survey like that?
@_date: 2015-04-01 21:55:17
Sorry about that...
@_date: 2015-04-22 13:30:56
If you believe that bitcoin is a good investment, I am afraid that it will be pointless to answer that...
@_date: 2015-04-21 17:51:04
Bitcoiners seem to think that by "going bitcoin" they will not have to worry about such problams as obnoxious copyright laws, invasion of privacy, unfair taxes, etc..  Bullshit.  Those nasties will get you, no matter what tools or toys you use.  If you care about government abuse, you have to fight it openly in the political arena; not run away from it and hide into some dinky digital hole.
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:09:42




Of course it is, if the escrow is not honest.  (If you cannot fins a trusted merchant, how can you find a trusted escrow?)
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:05:36
Which payment processor do they use? Perhaps it does not have a license to operate in NY.
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:46:40
OK, where I said "computing", I should have used "internet applications".  The first to seriously think of digital money were computer scientists, not political activists.  And the question of how to make it decentralized dates from that era.
Decentralization is not a protection against government suppression.  The US government could easily render bitcoin useless in the US if it wanted to, and US-friendly states would follow.   China has effectively curtailed its use for e-payments, with a couple of decrees.
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:53:27
Thanks for the correction (Coinbase).  IIRC they did say at one point that they were taking a certain percentage of the "bitcoin payments" in BTC rather than USD.  Indeed, the 300'000$ that they held at the end of 2014 would be 10% of the 3 M$ that they say to have received in 2014.
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:18:52


What is the current market value of a dollar that once was in Marilyn Monroe's bank account?


Bitcoin has survived some external attacks, most of them imaginary. (No, bankers are not scared of bitcoin.)  If you look closely at the fork mess, you will see that it is now rotting from within.  


I have been watching bitcoin since Dec/2013.  The decline in the prevailing intelligence of the community has been striking.  The original gurus who actually understood bitcoin -- like Gavin, Mike Hearn, or even Andreas -- have been replaced by incompetent clowns who are revered only because they can promise "the moon, next month" with a straight face.  
@_date: 2015-04-15 06:50:18
Actually the new investors (people who are buying bitcoins to increase their holdings) must pour *more* than ~800'000 USD per day into the bitcoin system.  That 800 k$ is only what the miners take out of the system every day. The new investors must also provide the money that is taken out of the system by the earlier investors who are divesting (reducing their holdings of bitcoin).  No one knows how much this second drain amounts to; it may well be another 1 million $/day, or more.  
So, yes, the price is tanking because the system is running out of new investors -- not just to pay the miners, but also the divestors.
@_date: 2015-04-09 08:10:01
Because the price is still largely defined by the Chinese day-traders, who are not affected by those "good news".  In China bitcoins cannot be used for legal e-commerce or buying drugs online; their only use is day-trading (a form of gambling) inside the exchanges.  Demand by those traders pushed the price up from ~130 to ~1200, and now they seem to be gradually selling and dropping out.
@_date: 2015-04-04 17:24:30
I often call it 'The Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation', but still it would be good for everybody if the new one used a different name.  That is what names are for: to be different. ;D
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:38:25
That is the point: the blockchain does NOT provide those answers.  
+ There is no way to tell when a transaction is coins changing hands, or merely moving from one pocket to another of the same owner;
+ There is no way to tell which addresses belong to the same owner.
+ There is no way to tell which country a transaction was issued from;
+ There is no way to tell whether an unspent output is 'lost' or may still be spent in the future; 
+ There is no way to tell when bitcoins are bought, or at what price;
and so on.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:50:08
If I was wrong about the details, I apologize. I read the account of the OP_MUL bug a month or two ago, may have misremembered it and/or mixed with the second incident.
@_date: 2015-04-26 06:45:21


"Purchasing power" is more informative...
@_date: 2015-04-27 04:29:25
The Chinese day-traders who set the price of bitcoin won't care.  People using bitcoin to book hotels or buy drugs won't care. The exchanges and payment processors won't care (or will pretend not to, to save their businesses).  The investors who have thousands of bitcoins will convince others and themselves that it is no big deal and bitcoin will contibue as strong as ever...
@_date: 2015-04-30 13:07:58
Satoshi was a woman until October 2009, but then there was a job shuffle at NSA and the role was given to a male member of the team.  But he may have been gay, we do not know.
@_date: 2015-04-14 00:52:34
@_date: 2015-04-05 16:45:59
Thanks for the support.  But I am already used to that... 8-/
@_date: 2015-04-25 18:10:03
Note however that the program is called "Digital Currency Initiative".  Not "Bitcoin Initiative".  Not even "Digital *Crypto*currency Initiative".
At MIT, Gavin and the others will be free to work on whatever digital currency research they wish.  They no longer owe anything to Bitcoin, not even lip service...
@_date: 2015-04-13 18:46:04
Hmm.. OK, but I haven seen it used in that sense other than for sexual acts.  If so, it may still be "definition 1", but with non-government law -- religious laws, informal community laws...  I don't think that anyone, even pacifists or anarchists, would use the word "illicit" for DARPA. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 12:09:21
It may be illegal, if you do it often enough to be a business rather than occasional personal investment; or if you trade with criminals, without due diligence; or if you don't pay any taxes due on the trade.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:56:38
Sorry for the wrong guess.  I thought that, in your view, price excursions would not need any explanation outside the stock market itself; which is an underlying assumption of TA.
Stock prices crashed in 2008 because there was more sell pressure than buy resistance, OK; but why did that happen?  The causes were outside the stock exchanges; the sell-off was just a symptom...
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:03:23
If the "good guys" switch to an algorithm that the current ASICs can't mine, then the attackers' fork will have 300 PH/s of hashpower, and the "good guys's" fork will have a puny network of CPUs.  It would not be "mutually assured destruction" but merely avoinding defeat by suicide.
@_date: 2015-04-21 23:50:59
A miner (or cartel) who controls a majority of the hashpower can jam any fork of the blockchain that they want to, so the users either upgrade to the cartel's protocol, or will be unable to use their bitcoins.  
Unless the users opt to upgrade to a protocol that *none* of the current miners can mine.  Which will leave them with a puny CPU-only network, smaller than Dogecoin's; while those clients who upgrade to the cartel's coin will have all their bitcoins AND a 300 petahash/s network.  Which is like the king who has to flee his kingdom, and declares his house in exile to be the real kindgom.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:32:29


Not "love".  Merely the realization that a strong government is unavoidable and necessary -- so we should strive to get it to work well, rather than to destroy or evade it.  
The Libertarian/Ancap "Mad Max" utopia is a childish dream, whose bogosity is clearly exposed by logic and by the entire history of the world.
@_date: 2015-09-05 16:18:11


Suppose the split has happened and 75% of the miners are mining the NewCoin while 25% refused to change and are mining the OldCoin.  The mining cartel who has (say) 60% of the total power splits its own miners in half.  One half (the 'worker' team, 30% of total) he sets to mine NewCoin, one half (the 'spoiler' team) to mine the OldCoin.  Note that it still has majority in both coins. 
One of the OldCoin miners mines a block B(N), valid by the old rules.  The spoiler team ignores it and keeps mining their own block B'(N) on the OldCoin branch, that is empty or full of spam transactions that they issued themselves.  They may fight for a while, but eventually the sub-branch miner by the spoiler team gets longer, and all the blocks mined by the faithful olf miners get orphaned and have to be ignored *by the OldCoin miners and clients themselves*.  
So the OldCoin miners will not get any rewards, which are all collected by the spoiler team; and any OldCoin clients will see their transactions get a few confirmations, if any, only to be dis-confirmed again.  Meanwhile the cartel's worker team is collecting most of the reward on the NewCoin branch.
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:48:17
Bitcoin was originally supposed to be a currency for internet payments, and derive its value from that use. However, serious estimats of that value, given today's volume of such payments, yield a much smaller price, 10 $/BTC or less.
What is sustaining the price at ~220 $/BTC now is speculative investment: people buy BTC for 220 because they hope to be able to sell it (or spend it) for more than 220, whether minutes or decades in the future.   Basically, because of those expectations about the future, no one with money to spare is willing to buy for more than 220, and no one with BTC to spare is willing to sell for less than 220.
So, the price now depends on the speculators' collective expectations about its future value.  But that future value too will be determined by by the speculators' expectations at some future even more remote.  And so, in an endless recursion. 
That s why its price is so volatile: not being grounded by any concrete factors, those expectations about future expectations etc. may change drastically after any rumor or event.  
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:49:30


Do you need to be 18 and show a photo ID when you buy epoxy?  (Once I had to do that when buying a small kitchen knife at Tesco in the UK, that's why I am asking...)
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:42:23
All those companies accept only dollars; they use payment processors like Bitpay to do the conversion before the money gets to them.  Yes, even Overstock.
For that sense of "accept bitcoin", there is no need to change the company's routine; the company only needs to add the proper hook to Bitpay on their payment webpage.  For presential sales, the cashiers must be trained and provided with a smartphone or tablet.
Beware however that "accepting bitcoins", even in that weak sense, may provide little addiitonal revenue to the company, or may even reduce it revenue.  The anecdotes that I have seen from merchants are all negative.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:48:55
Theymos had been subpoenaed some months ago to provide information on DPR's bitcointalk accounts, IIRC.
@_date: 2015-04-11 11:38:40
No one wants to keep large amounts of money as cash, or use cash for large payments, unless there is something illegal going on (such as drug trafficking, tax evasion, or cheating in a divorce).
For storing and moving large sums, banks are so much more convenient than cash that people are willing to pay small fees for doing so.
@_date: 2015-04-21 14:52:32
They would be negligent if they don't.  (And they were designing digital cash systems in the 1990s already, rememeber?)
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:12:59
According to [**this post**]( BIT shareholders just received their whatchamacallits and have now sent their thingaboobs so that in another 5 days perhaps they will have the dingalings and vorpal blades needed to put their shares for sale.
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:17:36
Suitability for savings: USD score 1, BTC score 5.  
@_date: 2015-04-10 15:05:22
Oops, maybe not even them have a motivation to do that.  But at least they are being paid for their work.
@_date: 2015-04-12 19:49:52
The last block reward halving (50 to 25 BTC) was on 2012-11-28.  On that date, there was no noticeable effect on the price, which had been gradually recovering from a two-month-long slump.  A few days later the price had a small jump, from ~12.60 to ~13.50, similar to jumps that occurred in previous months.  Then the price remained almost totally flat at ~13.60 for the entire month of December and the first week of January.  Only then did it start growing "exponentially", starting the first 2013 bubble.
I don't see how the November halving and the January rise could be connected.  Most likely, the next halving too will have no effect on the price, and there is no reason to expect another bubble after it.
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:53:25
A remittance company US-&gt;Philippines was asking here how to find bitcoin buyers in the Philippines, since they were having trouble exchanging the BTC for PHP.  That is going to be a problem for all bitcoin remittance comanies: the flow of BTC into the country will tend to depress the local price, creating a hidden "exchange fee" due to the spread between the two markets.
By the way, the comparisons in that article conveniently leave out the conversion of USD to BTC in the left column, assuming that the sender already has BTC.  Thus the comparison is apples and oranges.  The conversion of USD to BTC has additional costs: bank fees to send the USD to the bitcoin exchange, the exchange's trading fee, and the cost of volatility  (which can be huge, if the sender is unlucky to buy just before a sudden drop.)   
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:46:43
@_date: 2015-04-27 23:37:03
Just in case someone does not know, Shamir is the "S" in RSA, the first public-key cryptography method -- the invention that made home banking, e-shopping, PGP, and many other internet services viable, and let people dream of decentralized cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-04-06 16:00:42
Surely they must have reported the hack to the police, so we can assume that there *was* an investigation.  I doubt that they are under such a strict gag order that they can't even say whether the investigation is ongoing. They do not *owe* anyone an explanation, but it would be good PR for them to do so, even if they omitted details that could compromise their security.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:36:25
That is about the number of blockchain addresses that have at least 0.1 BTC (25$) in them.   
While there are many active bitcoiners who do not own such an address, there are also many bitcoiners who own several such addresses.  So the number of active bitcoiners is very likely to be less than that.
@_date: 2015-04-06 07:11:27
If the name was the root of their problem (and it probably was), why didn't they change it?  
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:29:00
Wrong... Fungibility does not mean what the author (and many bitcoiners) think it means.
Fungibility of a currency or commodity only means that all tokens are *intrinsically* equivalent -- no differences of grade, freshness, finish, weight, flavor, purity, etc..  So dollar bills of any given denomination are fungible; bitcoin is fungible;  24 carat gold and copper are almost fungible;  whereas oil, diamonds, and coffee beans are not.
Fungibility has nothing to do with traceability, or discrimination based on origin.  A dealer could and should refuse to buy stolen gold from a thief; that does not make gold less fungible.  The dealer is not discriminatinig against the gold itself, but against its ownership status.  Stolen gold, if seized and returned to the owner, is still as good as it was before.
@_date: 2015-04-21 14:49:17
Isn't that is what Ripple intends to build?  
(Do not confuse the Ripple network, to be used by banks, with the Ripple coin XRP.  They are officiallly parts of the same project, but in fact they are independent.)
@_date: 2015-04-11 04:43:15
At the current BTC price, miners receive about 800'000 USD per day for their work.  Most miners now must be operating with a small profit margin, so their main recurrent cost -- the electricity bill -- must be a large fraction of that, say 500'000 USD/day.  They are mostly in rural China and other places where the electricity is cheap.  So you divide 500'000 by the cost of 1 kWh in rural China (in USD) and you will get a good esptimate of how many kWh are consumed per day.  Divide that by 24 and you will get an estimate of the total power consumed, in kW.
@_date: 2015-04-21 02:34:20
I listen to him. ;-)  Chris is being naive when says that "miners can't change the transactions".  Yes, that is the Church's credo...
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:57:52
A ship usually must make many turns if it wants to stay on the same route.  If the captain insists on keeping a fixed bearing, no matter what, he may eventually see fishes when he looks up.
@_date: 2015-09-12 13:06:56


Because bitcoin is a SYSTEM that delivers a service IN EXCHANGE OF A PAYMENT, and IT WAS MEANT TO BE USED BY USERS, not to be a toy for hackers to play the bip=bip game in their basements...
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:53:32
I would bet that it falls into existing laws against fraud and frustrating payment.  Good laws do not focus on instruments, but on effects ("murder", not "sticking a knife into someone's body").
Back in the 1970s, some cities around here had a coupon system for parking fees. Instead of putting coins in parking meters, drivers would buy coupons from the city, then leave a coupon hanging from the mirror, with the day's date marked in ink, so that city staff could check it.  Then someone in China invented ball-point pens whose ink could be erased like pencil marks.  Guess what was the first application that people thought of.
I have heard stories of people paying with paper checks treated so that the paper would quickly crumble into dust, or written with evanescent ink.   No judge would have bought the excuse that "it was not illegal because the technology was unregulated".
On an even more basic level, there is a urban legend about paying with a bill tied to an invisible nylon thread.  (Could that be the source of the expression "strings attached"?)
@_date: 2015-04-20 01:44:33
The blockchain cannot track ownership, only possession.  Ownership is defined by laws and must be nominal: your property is what the government agrees that should be your possession.  Knowing the private key of an address gives you possession of the coins stored there, but does not make you their owner.  It is the difference between holding the keys of a house, and having the listed under your name at the official real estate registry.
@_date: 2018-07-01 16:00:04
Why would an OTC index be less prone to manipulation than the price at exchanges?
When the Winkles first submitted their proposal for the COIN ETF, they said that the nominal asset value (NAV) of the shares would be defined by an index to be provided by another company (called "Math" something) of their own.  The index was supposedly derived from the price on various exchanges by a proprietary mathematical formula.  Well,that wonderful "average" was seen on various occasions to be higher or lower than all the prices that went into it.
So, in one of the nine amendments that they submitted to the SEC, they abandoned that index, and said that the NAV would be defined by the price of the daily 4:00 pn auction in their own exchange (Gemini).  Which on many days saw ridiculously small volume, or no bids at all.  
But neither of those options would make the NAV immune to price manipulation by whales and scammers, The spot market price of bitcoin is entirely defined by trading (or faking) in the exchanges, and the OTC price is the spot market price plus extra random noise.
@_date: 2015-09-16 17:43:37
Is there any serious use of bitcoin as "settlement layer"? 
ChangeTip is negligible.
No one knows how much "settlement" Coinbase and Circle do.  For domestis payments, they don't need to use bitcoin at all.  For overseas payments, I doubt that they need much "settlement", and as continuing customers they may get better deals with banks than with bitcoin.
[The USD value of all transactions on the blockchain]( has not changed since Apr/2014 -- stuck at 50 M USD/day.  There is reason to believe that 80% or more of that is not payments, but coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person or company. Anyway, if settlement use has increased, the increase is not visible in that plot.
I have yet to see any reason why high-value settlements are better done on the bitcoin blockchain than on some other system designed an implemented for the purpose.   
@_date: 2015-04-27 23:49:13
Ironically, the data recently released by BitPay says that in 2014 bitcoiners spent more than 20 million dollars' worth of bitcoin to purchase gold and silver at Amagi Metals...
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:20:46
The majority can block all transactions indefinitely, correct?  
Then they can also block only transactions from clients and nodes that have not upgraded to version 0-bis.15.3x of the protocol, would you agree to that?
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:37:22
If the price of bitcoin was determined only by its value as means of payment, assuming a payment volume of 1 M$/day and reasonabe holding time, the price would be 5 $/BTC.  Then the block rewards would be worth only 18'000 $/day.  If the transaction fees were set at 1%, they would amount to 10'000 $/day, that is, 35% of the miners' revenue.  That would be a healthy economic situation, the price would be stable (because that demand would be stable), and even the 18'000 $/day would be indirect fees on service.  What ruined bitcoin was its perception as a fabulous investment, that pushed the price to 200x what it should have been, and made transaction fees irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:50:11
@_date: 2015-04-11 11:24:16
Because the price is still largely determined by the Mainland Chinese day-traders, and they couldn't care less about PayPal.
Also because most of the people who will want to use BTC to buy with PayPal are people who already own BTC and want to get rid of some of them.  So, creating more options for those people to spend their BTC will not significantly increase adoption; it will only encourage more hoarders to unload their coins onto the market.
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:14:55
If the company admits that the address is theirs, then there is nothing to discuss, obviously.  If the company is denying to have received the payment, they must be saying that the address is not theirs (or that it is shared by many customers, and that transaction is from some other customer).  How can the client prove to the police that they are lying?
@_date: 2015-04-10 21:00:50
I have been to a lot of board and committee meetings in my life. This is the first set of minutes that I see that has the names of some participating members redacted out.  Weird.
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:50:59
Twitter has a "block this user" option.  They may see a spike in its usage rate.
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:19:24
Thanks for the correction.  Still, it is a far cry between that entity awarding a small grant to a startup, and "The Chilean government funds SurBTC".  I bet that no one outside that entity was told of or approved of their decision...
@_date: 2015-04-14 23:20:00
3 million BTC in circulation at 5-10 $/BTC would be more than enough to sustain today's volume; the math is straightforward, the biggest unknown is the mean time between two payments using the same coin.  To lift the price to 5000 $/BTC, there would have to be 1000x larger volume of BTC e-payments that there is now.
@_date: 2015-04-04 13:44:32


Who is going to denounce the Kill Those Bastards Party for coercion after they take power?  How would someoneprove that he was coerced? What are the chances of getting a fair trial?
Electronic voting makes that risk much worse.  The mafioso may just let it known that he has a friend in the election authority that will send him the list of how everyone voted.  That does not even have to be true; voters will be coerced even if they never saw the guy.  What charges can be made then?
That is why it is not enough to make a voting system safe; **everybody** must be able to see that it is safe.


You must have seen those elections in certain countries where the paper ballot has to be deposited in the box unfolded, with a soldier watching, and end with the party in power getting 99% of the votes.  Digital voting makes the same effect possible while keeping the coercion invisible.  
You cannot design a voting system under the assumption that laws will work *after* the election, or that the entity that runs the election is not corrupt.  That may be true now, but there will be a time when it will no longer be true, and then it will be too late to deply a coercion-resistant system.  (The US itself is visibly moving toward that state: if the CIA were to say that it needs to know how each citizen votes, to fight communo-anarcho-aryano-islamic infiltration, would the President say "no you can't"?)
And you should read more about the risks and methods for tampering *digital* voting.


Hidden microcameras are a real problem.  It is part of the reason why people should not be allowed to take cellphones or other electronics into the voting booth.   However deploying the required number of microcameras (or having a hundred voters pass the cameras to each other) is a risky activity that could lead to immedate conviction and serve as evidence in trials.   But soon it will be necessary to have detectors in the voting booth...
@_date: 2015-04-01 13:42:54
Sorry for that... 
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:00:38
Using the same name as The (other) Bitcoin Foundation was a smart move, for a suitable definition of "smart".
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:41:06
OK, you got one there.  But at the 1st auction the price had just risen from ~450 to ~650, and people were still expecting another big bubble.  He only bought 2 kBTC in the second auction (IIRC, for his son's startup inubator), and skipped the third.  These last two auctions were won by many small investors, IIRC.
@_date: 2015-04-22 17:46:02
In the case or stocks or real exchange, such expectations are usually grounded in facts about the company's products and market, which will mean increased profits (= dividends for the stock holders) or reinvestments (= money for stockholders if the company is sold or liquidated). Note that a share of a company is an actual title of property of a slice of the company, not just a token with conventional value.
Bitcoin and gold pay no dividends and do not "grow" like a company that builds more factories or a supermarket chain that builds more stored.  Gold still is a concrete asset with is the metal, which has some utilitarian value in decoration and industry, but bitcoin does not even have that; it is just a title to a land plot on Tatooine. (Most people who understand a bit of investment stop caring about bitcoin when they learn that.)  Bitcoin's only claim to value is that the ownership of that imaginary real estate is kept by a *very* secure and incorruptible (well, sort of) notary public.
If bitcoin were used only as a means of payment -- without anyone holding it for long, quickly spending it or investing it in something else, as one would do with any significant amount of cash -- its price would be less than 5 $/BTC.  That is basic money theory, there is no way around it.
So the price of bitcoin is 97% due to speculation, and gold's may be 80% due to speculation or more.  What is that sustains those prices then?  Speculation means people buying bitcoin for 225 $ today in the hope of selling for more than 225 $ later, whether minutes or decades in the future.  But why would someone buy bitcoin for 250 $ toorrow?  Well, because that buyer would expect to sell it for 280 $ next monday.  And so on.  So, a price defined mainly by speculation is holding  itself up in the air by its wn bootstraps.  All it takes is a wave of pessimism among traders, and they will sell for less than they bought, to cut their losses, and the price will crash (justifying the pessimism, by the way).
One can have also the opposite, of course: a wave of optimism leading to a price rally and increased specultive buying fed by the rise itself.  We have seen examples of that happening, from the tulip mania and the South Seas Company bubble to the Nov/2013 rally and the spike before the Coinbase flop, I mean, opening.  But, as those examples show, all speculative rallies must end, and are then usually followed by a spectacular crash.  Whereas a crash need not be followed by a recovery... 
@_date: 2015-04-19 17:05:05
Sorry for the cold shower, but what problem would that solve exactly?  
There is no space in the blockchain for any significant data; people would still have to store the work outside the blockchain, and insert in the latter only a signed hash of the digital file.  That hash would only prove that *the hash* was derived from the file by the owner of some private key, no later than a certain date.  What then?
@_date: 2015-09-12 20:20:09


Yeah, sorry, I exaggerated a bit there.  Each block currently holds ~800 tx on average, and that is expected to increase to ~1000 tx/block by 2016.  So it is ***one*** hundred bidders per minute coming in; not hundred***s***.


I mean BIP666,  "Drive the bitcoin network into congestion and force all users to engage in an interactive fee market instead of the current fire-and-forget model".   
Adam Back owes that BIP the community, explaining the motivation, goals, economic and safety analyses, etc..   Isn't the "fee market" supposed to be a "Bitcoin Improvement"?  Why no BIP?
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:29:01
It is hard to distinguish store of value from speculation.  Usually people prefer to store money in things that will increase their value over time, i.e. long-term, low-risk speculation. 
Anyway, if the use as store-of-value increases significantly, the price wil increase too, so we are back to the speculative bubble scenario...
@_date: 2015-04-21 17:39:35
Read carefully.  It's a con job. 8-)
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:35:58
If I see an incorrect statement, why shouldn't I correct it?
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:20:09
wrong subreddit ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-24 03:27:02
What exactly is wrong with the article?  The legal questions about the status and handling of bitcoins in MtGOX's bankrupt procedings are quite complicated indeed.  Are the facts wrong, or just unpleasant?
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:56:11
No, you put a gadget inside the PC and steal my *private key*. Then you just move my coins to your address, "frictionlessly" and "anonymously".  No need to steal anything else.
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:15:54
"So it begins..."
"Cheap coins coming"
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:50:51
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:37:23
Well... except that the remittance service cannot depend on selling the BTC to individuals  or small shops directly. It would be too much hassle and time, because they could hardly afford 1 BTC at a time.  Like BitPay, the Mexican branch of the company would sell the BTC either on a local bitcoin exchange, or off-exchange to investors, in lots of tens or hundreds of BTC.  Also, the conversion of BTC into pesos is best handled by a central office, with the end offices handling pesos only.  
So, I don't think that the remittance company would give much additional public exposure to BTC.  
Moreover, for small merchants in Mexico, BTC does not have any advantage over cash, and lots of disadvantages.


Surely you meant to type something else...
@_date: 2015-04-11 19:44:57


If a hacker can steal your biometrics (which is trivial) he can try all 10000 possible PINs, compute the private and public keys for each, then check the blockchain for the one with your coins in it.


Aye, there's the rub.
@_date: 2015-04-24 09:55:31
Bitcoin lost more than 50% of its purchasing power since April 2014, when it was worth ~510 USD.  That is 40% drop on top of the 10%/year inflation. The only thing that could have caused that is earlier investors selling their coins.  If the inflation had been only 4%/yr, the loss would have been 44% instead of 50% -- barely different.   It is not that 10%/yr inflation that is making investors wary of bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-04-28 12:03:03
Quoting form memory, fraud-related costs for the US credit card industry (including refunds, invesigation, prosecution, prevention, etc.) in some year were 60 billion dollars, on a volume of payments of 7 trillion, with means less than 1 percent of total volume processed. 
[Unauthorized general-purpose credit card transactions made up 0.037 percent of all card-present credit card transactions in 2012 (accounting for 0.092 percent of the value of those transactions), and 0.118 percent of all card-not-present transactions (representing 0.114 percent of the value of those transactions)](
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:53:37
There will continue to be people losing coins to scams, accidents, and mismanagement.
On one hand, there seem to be little space for a loss as big as MtGOX's, because there aren't many entities that hold so many bitcoins, and the value of 1 bitcoin today is only 1/4 of what it was in Jan 2014.
On the other hand, substantial losses could still occur from bugs or hacks.  For example, suppose that an update of a widely used client software deploys a subtle bug or hack in the random number generator (RNG), such that the private keys that it creates are only 30-bit-strong instead of 160-bit strong.  Such a defect would be very hard to detect, except by unassembling the binary code and carefully checking all of it.  If the bug remains undetected for months, thousands of vulnerable addresses will be created an used.  Then someone who discovers the bug (or planted it in the first place) can quickly steal all the coins in those addresses.
Something similar to this occurred a few months ago, when someone at the Blockchain.Info web wallet service deployed an update to the javascript code that generated keys and signatured with only 8 bits of randomness.  Fortunately the problem was discovered after a few hours, and most of the coins in the exposed addresses were collected by a "good" hacker.
@_date: 2015-04-18 09:00:27
It is a very unpleasant fact of course.  Imagine selling a bitcoin fund with that premise.  "Rest assured that, by investing your IRA in our fund, you will be placing your financial future in the able hands of a small army of amateur Chinese day-traders, who have no other use for bitcoin except as a gambling instrument, and love it because of its enormous volatility."  No wonder that the bitcoin "news" media try so hard to ignore China's very existence. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:24:48
\4. Paying with bitcoin cannot be canceled.
\5. Paying with bitcoin is a thrill because you never know how much BTC you need to buy or how much change you will be left with.
Folks, charge-back is not a "defect" of Visa and PayPal.  Those companies would love to drop that option, because it costs them lots of money and headache to implement.  Charge-back is a **feature** of Visa and PayPal; it was added intentionally, at considerable effort, because the customers strongly demanded it.  "No charge-back" is an excellent reason for customers to dislike bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 01:19:35
Very incorrect post title...
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:23:08
All those places give you the option of withdrawing your coins to an address that you specify, don't they?   They keep your coins only if you choose to let them do it (which may be worth the risk, e.g. so that you can trade them without any delay).
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:18:02
Compared to BTC, Dogecoin has not fallen to the wayside: its price today is ~50 satoshis, same as in Dec/2013 when it started trading.
Litecoin has fallen ~70% relative to BTC since when it started in Apr/2013, but it is still at ~0.01 BTC, the same as it was in Oct/2013.  
Thus, over the last 18 months or so, Litecoin and Dogecoin have been just as bad as Bitcoin, not worse.
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:10:12
Tim Draper is the only one who I know has invested in BTC, last June.  I haven't seen any news of the others investing.  SeconMarket organized syndicates for two auctions, but for other small investors, not for themselves or for Barry.  The Winkles are said to own ~200'000 BTC, but they were bought well before the last bubble.  Investment in BIT (GBT) practically stopped around May/2014, after the fund got to ~140'000 BTC; and anyway those who bought were not "VC investors" and bought relatively small lots.  
@_date: 2015-04-14 14:07:05
Basically all of them: bitcoin exchanges, bitcoin payment processors, bitcoin funds, bitcoin remittance companies, bitcoin wallet sites, bitcoin hardware wallets, bitcoin storage companies, bitcoin mining equipment makers,  ...
All those companies surely want the bitcoin economy to flourish; but even if the price does not recover, and bitcoin dies a couple years from now, they will adjust their expenses accordingly and will make some revenue, so that the VC investors will hardly lose their money (unless those investors have severely misjudged the revenue potential of the business).  None of those companies spend VC money buying bitcoins or playing the market, because VC investors do not finance gambling.
The only bitcoin companies who may lose a lot of money if the price drops are the mining companies.  Most of them were probably funded before Aug/2014 when the profit margin of large miners was still huge, and there was still substantial confidence in a future recovery.  It is hard to tell how they are faring now, but the few comments I have seen say that miners with cheap electricity should be profitable even if the price falls to 180 $/BTC or so.  Therefore they may still be attractive to VC investors.   (Cloud mining and crowdfunded miners may be profitable too, because they offload the BTC price risk to their investors/clients.)
  
@_date: 2015-04-13 13:19:19


Uh?  In the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency?
@_date: 2015-04-14 13:00:39
That is the point.  Trading them seems to be just as much hassle as trading ordinary stock.  All the advantages of bitcoin are lost...
@_date: 2015-04-05 14:13:35
The point is that the reasoning is circular: "Satoshi surely was a crypto-anarchist.  What events happened on April 5th that would make a crypto-anarchist choose that date? Ah, item  is related to money, that must be it.  Therefore, the choice of that date proves that Satoshi was a crypto-anarchist." 
I am a socialist, but hate big banks too; I could have written that Satoshi quote against banks myself.  Is that all the evidence there is for Satoshi being a crypto-anarchist?
@_date: 2015-04-01 03:48:46
Well, I cannot view Ross and Shrem as victims or heroes, sorry.  Not even as contributors to the bitcoin project.  
@_date: 2015-04-30 04:03:53
Seriously: whether bitcoin succeeds or not, I am certain that banks will continue to exist.  Hopefully the community will recognize this in time and stop with the discourse of "bitcoin, the bank killer".
Even so, bitcoin is supposed to take revenue away from banks, by replacing their money transfer and remittance services.  People cannot expect that the banks will help bitcoiners do that.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:10:02
Overstock is not collecting bitcoins anymore, all purchases in bitcoin get converted to dollars by BitPay before reaching them.  At the end of 2014 they held only  340,000 $ worth of bitcoins (~1500 BTC), versus 180 million $ in cash and 10 million $ in precious metals(!).  Sales paid in bitcoins dropped after the first months, and amounted to only 3 million $ in 2014 (out of ~ 1.5 billion $ in total sales), all domestic.  They had a loss of $153.9 million in 2014, and have yet to pay dividends.
[**Their SEC filing for 2014**](
@_date: 2015-04-03 02:12:06
Let me guess, you believe in TA?
@_date: 2015-04-18 22:19:19


Thanks.  How long did that phase last?  Didn't they already have a bad reputation from failure of some networking project in NH?
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:05:52
People who are buying gold with bitcoin are obviously storing their wealth less in bitcoins and more in gold.  People who guy gift cards with bitcoins are obviously choosing to pay for their purchases with gift cards rather than bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-08 10:46:39
Mainly [**this bitcointalk post**](
That message appears to have come from a Greyscale or SecondMarket staff.  
@_date: 2015-04-15 23:21:59
However, isn't Blockstream focused on sidechains, rather than on bitcoin proper?
(I still do not understand what sidechains are. More precisely, I don know what sidechains are *not*.  From the whitepaper (perhaps an old version?) I got the impression that "sidechain" is just a fancy synonym of "something"...)
@_date: 2015-04-14 12:41:44
As usual, the article misses a key detail.  Those investors are *not* investing in bitcoin itself, or in bitcoin-based funds.  They are investing in companies that are expected to make some money even if the price of bitcoin were to fall to single digits.
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:16:41
We are not even talking of that. (The companies that provide phone and cable service to your home can block you, or can block your access to the bitcoin network.  But let's assume that they can be trusted to not do that, otherwise bitcoin does not make sense.)
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:38:42
Sigh.  If the mining industry was a single kid with a laptop, the reward was still 25 BTC/block, and the price was still 250 $/BTC, then that kit would earn 3600 BTC per day, which, when he sold in the market, would become 900'000 greenback dollars per day, into his bank account.
So, **where would that money come from**?  Hint, hint:


And, yes, 


which is why the total revenue of the mining industry -- which is the cost of maintaining the network -- is directly proportional to the price...


It halves about every four years.  If the price happened to rise to 2500 $/BTC, and stay there forever, the mining industry would still take 4.5 million dollars from new investors, every day, until 2020, then 2.25 M $/day until 2024, and so on. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 01:28:37
OK, so what *was* the cause of the 2008 collapse?
@_date: 2015-04-22 15:26:18


The price of bitcoin is irrelevant for people who want to use it as currency, *as long as it is stable*.  The current volatility makes it unsuitable for that, because the customer and/or the payment processor and/or the merchant are likely to lose money because of it.
Falling prices are bad for those who have invested in bitcoin.  Wildly fluctuating prices are good for nimble day-traders, although the general downwards trend means that the traders as a whole will lose money too.
 BitPay reported only 25 million USD of e-payments processed in 2014, apart from travel, precious metals, and gift cards (the last two being people leaving bitcoin for other assets/currencies).  Since they claim to serve 50'000 merchants, it means that each merchant got only 500 USD of bitcoin sales in 2014, on average.  I seems likely that a large fraction of those "bitcoin accepting" merchants did not have a single bitcoin sale in 2014.
The last reward halving had no visible effect on the price, so it is not obvious that the next one will benefit it.
Anyway, the drop by 60-70% over the last year was cetainly not due to mining, which gives an inflation of ~9%/year only.  It was due to many early adopters and investors, probably in China, divesting from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:15:04
The idea is that people can be convinced to invest their IRAs in BIT shares (with some extra indirection) but not in raw BTC, hence there is a potential demand for the former that does not exits for the latter. Since the reverse is also true, it is not clear which force will prevail.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:32:53


It certainly means that you prefer to keep your money in gold than in cash, no?
If you trade Apple stock for gold, it means that you  are no longer investing in Apple stock but are investing in gold instead.
If you trade bitcoins for gold, it means that you are no longer keeping your money in bitcoin, but have chosen to keep it in gold instead.  
What is there to argue about?
@_date: 2015-04-27 21:20:14
As for the letter, they will not need my help to figure out how to do it, and they surely will find ways to "sweeten the pill" that I cannot imagine.  The question is only whether they will want to do it.
@_date: 2015-04-14 14:16:45
Bitcoin fund shares are not at all like stock of a company or of an ordinary investment fund.  They are more like gold funds.  For example, each BIT share is just an IOU for 0.1 BTC (minus fees), that Greyscale safekeeps for you in their virtual vaults -- no matter what happens to the BTC price.  Buying bitcoin fund shares is supposed to be a better way of investing in bitcoins, without the computer security risks, and without the IRA restrictions.  A better analogy would be antibiotics in child-resistant packages. 
@_date: 2015-04-18 10:27:21
Governments were invented to enforce communitary laws, specifically property rights.  
@_date: 2015-04-29 10:32:14


The energy contained in sunlight is about 1 kW per square meter in the best conditions: no clouds and sun at the zenith.  The sunlight that falls on the roof of an average multistory building is probably insufficient for the needs of that building.
@_date: 2015-04-26 23:52:13
Thanks! I hope that this number is accurate...
@_date: 2015-04-04 13:55:34
You don't knwo what you are talking about.
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:16:10
Amazing how the site manages to put a positive spin on numbers that are far worse than the worst guesses.  
* E-Commerce, including travel and It services, was ~25 M $ for the entire year.
* Bitcoiners swapped ~25 M$ worth of bitcoin for gold and silver.
* About half of their processed volume (~77 M$) was related to mining -- i.e., internal costs of the bitcoin system, rather than services rendered by the system to outsiders.
Even with 2% of fees and spread on top of that volume, they would not get enough revenue to pay the salaries of their staff...
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:47:18
What good is to know that your bitcoins are worth a million dollars, if you cannot get that value out of them?  
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:25:07


We know from [history]( that the price of gold can drop to $400/oz, without obvious reason.  The floor price may be lower, $300/oz or less.


Obviously not.  The only way one "investor" can get money out is by finding another "investor" who will put that same amount in, at the same time.
**There is no other source of money coming into the game, but the miners are taking $10 million out every day.**
Therefore, no matter what happens to the price, no matter how and when they sell, the bitcoin "investors" will always take out a lot less than what they put in.  If some of them manage to make a profit, it will be at the expense of the losses of other "investors".
@_date: 2015-04-11 15:33:57
True, but also many proposals get denied in the end.  
The motivation to create a SEC-approved ETF is to make bitcoins available to a lot of savings and retirement money that is currently barred from it.  However, the mission of the SEC and the purpose of those IRA restrictions is precisely to protect those investors from losing all their savings by placing them in risky or dubious investments -- like bitcoin.
The funds will not be less risky than bitcoin itself, if anything the opposite.  For that reason, I expected that the SEC would throw the ETF application into the wastebasket as soon as it got to the word "bitcoin".  But old watchdogs lose their teeth, it seems...
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:37:32
Well, other Ripple fans in other forums confirmed what I wrote above. They confirmed that XRP is not needed for interbank settlements on the Ripple network (and its market cap would be quite insufficient for that role).
Could you be confusing exchanges that trade XRP with the Ripple network?  The former have been in operation since XRP was launched, open to anyone, but AFAIK the latter is still under development, and will be used by banks only.
@_date: 2015-04-21 02:01:47
You know that some countries use comma for fractions, instead of point, right? 8D
@_date: 2015-04-20 23:38:22
It still still shows up once in a while on bitcointalk...
@_date: 2015-04-26 11:33:55
Did the interviews go into any details as to which language he used, etc?  (Somehow I still find it hard to believe that he would be interested to learn in the sort of details that Satoshi seemed to know.  Like the fact that Excel, javascript, and many tools out there use IEEE doubles for all numbers.)  
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:12:25
The original poster has proof that someone sent x.xxxx BTC from some anonymous address to some anonymous address at some time.  How can he connect that information with an attempt to purchase at the company?
@_date: 2015-04-29 18:44:41
Congratulations to Bitcoin Magazine for taking the OTCQX quote page and a couple of reddit posts and reformatting that as a magazine article (and getting only one number wrong, as far as we can tell).
@_date: 2015-04-21 02:15:35


But note that 


Note that 49% + 26% = 75%.  So, 3/4 of those 45% had not enough knowledge of bitcoin to evaluate its potential.  How many understood the difference between "digital currency" versus "digital payment method"?  How many were thinking of it, rather than PayPal, ApplePay, etc.?
"Do you think that organic food products - like Cheetos - are good for your health?"
@_date: 2015-04-14 00:08:02
First, it depends on whether the current BIT shareholders are happy with their investment or not.  After things settle down, they may end offering their shares for sale above or below the BTC market price.  
Even if the shares fetch a price higher than the BTC market price, it may not have an immediate effect on the latter.  If there is enough demand for BIT shares, so that the price difference is large enough and lasts long enough, the high-level BIT brokers may buy BTC on the market, give them to Greyscale in exchange for new BIT shares, and sell the shares on OTCQX, for a profit.  (But they may have to wait 12 months, before selling them, not clear.) That arbitrage would tend to bring the two market prices closer together.  Which market will prevail in that rope-pulling contest? Your guess cannot be worse than mine...  
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:46:07
OK, then tell me: the early adopter bought for 100 dollars and sold for 10'000 dollars.  **Where did those 9'900 dollars come from?** 
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:13:22
Do you have experience with software development?  That may or may not be feasible, depends on how localized is the change. Any significant change will require a lot of work to retrofit.  Consider the amount of stress and grief that has been generated by the proposal to merely increase the maximum block size.
For example, suppose that the new SuperCoin has a safe mechanism to adjust the atomic unit dynamically, so that it never has transactions smaller than 0.001 US penny.  I doubt very much that bitcoin could adopt that idea, because there are tons of programs and scripts out there that assume a fixed atomic unit of 1 satoshi, and such a change woudl break them all.  
Moreover, a crucial feature of a product X is usually dismissed as a defect by the developers of a competing product Y, until it becomes impossible to deny that product X is stealing customers from Y because of it.  By then, it is often too late to add the feature to Y, the lost customers will hardly come back.  For example, try asking bitcoiners what they think of the 1-minute confirmation time of Litecoin.
@_date: 2015-04-17 09:19:53
Bwana has a pile of bitcoins, but cannot make profit out of them because no one in the US or Europe wants to pay 500 $/BTC for them, Russia and China banned them, etc.
So Bwana takes coins to Africa an sells them to locals, telling them that it is magic internet money that will grow and grow and make them rich.  
Africans come rushing to buy bitcoin from Bwana, paying in local money.  Price goes up and Bwana makes nice profit.  Bwana uses the local money to buy land and oilfields and mines in Africa.  
Net result: Bwana takes land and oilfields and mines from Africans.  (That is what he hopes.)
@_date: 2015-04-08 10:10:21
But it was not his fault; there was a bug in bitcoin, remeber?
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:05:57
Suppose it becomes general consensus, for some reason, that bitcoin will be around only for 5-10 years, and then the current blockchain will be abandoned.  That would probably kill all speculative interest in it, and  all investors will divest, except perhaps for a few day-traders (the penny-stock-trading kind).
However, until its demise, bitcoin would still be just as good as a currency as it is now. If the current USD volume of e-payments could be maintained (and I see no reasin why it wouldn't), its price would be on the order of 5 $/BTC.  Payment processors, remittance companies, and some other bitcoin-based companies would still make the same revenue in USD terms.  Exchanges may see their USD trade volume drop by 80-90%, but some of them will remain viable and profitable after downsizing.  Bitcoin funds would lose their purpose and would have to be shut down, but their managing companies will not lose a penny, since the loss would be entirely borne by their clients.  Hashing ASIC manufacturers will lose their market, but ASICS have a viable product life of only a couple of years anyway, so there will be no big drama there. 
@_date: 2015-04-21 23:09:32
Bitcoin was designed to be **a digital currency system** for p2p internet payments over the network that did not rely on mutually trusted third parties or central authorities.  All its key features were chosen with that goal in mind.  Trying to use it for other purposes that do not involve its use as digital currency does not make sense: it is like "a stapler is a fantastic invention, let's use to drive nails".
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:26:31


Right, if you put your savings into bitcoin instead of banks, you will *still* get the same  negative 9%/year interest rate, due to actual inflation -- besides the loss of purchasing power due to market pessimism.
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:08:16
Google has been providing BTC prices for months:
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:06:31
I see, thanks!
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:06:45
However, there are claims that many of those wallets are empty or contain only dust amounts.  AFAIK there has been no public study of the distribution of such wallets by balance (like bitcoinrichlist.com does for blockchain addresses).
@_date: 2015-04-05 21:51:24
Those amazing promises would be more convincing if there was a small but concrete example showing that the blockchain can indeed do all those wonderful things.  Why not start with The Bitcoin Foundation? 
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:08:31
My point is that it is not true, at all, that "if and when the developers will notice that some new idea is good, then that idea will get implemented in bitcoin".  The biggest obstacle to software evolution is inertia and back-compatibility.  As the user base grows, and more documentation and auxiliary code gets writen, the ability to evolve becomes more limited. 
In every popular software system (including bitcoin), there are "features" that everyone agrees were bad decisions, but cannot be fixed now because any fix would break too many things -- including software whose creators are no longer around, and therefore would take inordinate effort just to understand it and find what needs to be changed.  At some point, it becomes worth to rewrite the entire thing from scratch, starting with the right basic decisions, using the previous version only as a source of lessons.  "Worth" for clients and new developers, of course, not for those who have invested in the old version...
@_date: 2015-09-11 15:56:53


The fixed fee woudl have to be adjusted whenever the price changes too much, say by a factor of 4 or 1/4.  The artificial capacity cap also needs to be adjusted when the demand grows or shrinks.  In both cases the "Bitcoin central Bank" must decide that the value is too high or too low, choose a new value, and convince the community -- principally the miners -- to implement it.
Both approaches have the same goal: impose higher fees.  Imposing the fee directly has the advantage that the service, for those who pay, will be as fast and reliable as now.   Raising the fees indirectly, by imposing an artificial scarcity of block space, will inevitably lead to recurrent congestion episodes (which are the only times when the fee will have any effect on the service time).  Then the times to first confirmation will be much longer than now, and quite unpredictable, even taking the transaction's fee and the past history of the system into account.
Both approaches violate the abstract "no central authority" principle, yes.  Those who have convinced themselves (naively and incorrectly) that the goal of bitcoin was to get rid national currencies and central banks will be quite displeased by that.    But I believe that 99% of the users will not care either way.
Apparently Blockstream wanted all along, perhaps unconsciously, to be the BCCB.  Perhaps Blockstream thought that, if the BCCB set the fee indirectly rather than directly, the ~~cattle~~ users would accept the claim that the fee increase is "natural" and due to "free market forces" -- and will not realize that there was a BCCB defining bitcoin's monetary policy.  And perhaps they were right.
There are two ways that a restaurant owner could raise the prices of his dishes.  (a) raise the prices on the menu, and serve the clients as quickly as possible, preferably first-come-first-serve; or  (b) have the clients be seated, and then announce that there will be only 1 dish served every 10 minutes, clients should tell their bids to the waiter, and highest bids will be served first.
I have never seen a restaurant use method (b), even though it would respect client freedoms and lead to the optimal prices through free market forces and all that.  I think I know why; but it seems that the devs cannot understand that.
@_date: 2015-09-17 22:47:45
Well, consider these claims:
+ Usage of bitcoin for e-payments has been dropping for the past 18 months
+ Chinese nationals hold 20% of all bitcoins that exist, and Russians another 10%
+ There are 2 million BTC that were bought by their current owners for prices between 300 and 400 USD/BTC
+ Most new bitcoin buyers are in Venezuela and Ukraine, while European and American holders are quietly selling their holdings
And many more like that.  I have no idea whether those statements are true or not.  An intelligent investor shoudl want to know that before investing in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:40:39
I believe that the protocol is flawed because it allows takeover by miners.  In my view people are valuing BTC at 215 USD for the same reason that they value gold at 1000 USD/oz; that is, no rational reason, just because.  Therefore, I don't believe that miners forcing a change of the protocol would cause the coin to become worthless, even though it would make it a failure technically.  99% of the bitcoiners would not understand the question and would not care about it.  They will accept the miner imposed change because it will be the only way to save their investment, or to use it for whatever it is good for.
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:34:10
Except that the companies that plan to use a blockchain "engine", like Factom, cannot pay for the "gasoline" needed to keep it running...
@_date: 2015-09-17 22:38:44
I will owe you that one; but if you ask nicely [to VISA France]( I am sure they would provide you the number, or point you to a site who has them.
[This site]( for example, may tell you that information, at least about Americans if not Frenchmen; but most of their data is behind a paywall.  
@_date: 2015-09-09 00:22:18
Indeed, if the capacity is artifically limited, there will be an equilibrium point where the avrage fees and average delays are high enough to prevent the traffic from growing any further.  
But my point is that these "equilibrium" fees are no more "natural" than fixed fees imposed by the protcol, as in my proposal.  In both cases, some "Authority" will have to decide what is the proper fee level.  The only difference is that in my proposal the Authority fixes the fee directly, whereas in the "fee market" the Authority fixes the capacity, which determines the equilibrium fees. 
That Authority could be a mining majority (MM), i.e. a group of miners with a comfortable majority of the total hashing power.  It could also be an entity representing various users -- like the International Conference on Weights and Measures for the metric system, the IUPAC for chemical nomenclature, W3C for HTML, etc.. -- that does not have any legal or material power, but has enough moral power to convince the MM.
Both proposals will require recurrent interventions by the Authority: in my proposal, when the price changes too much; in the "fee marketeers" proposal, when the raw demand changes too much.  I can't tell which one will require more interventions.  For example, if Satoshi had chosen to create the "fee market" in 2010, he would have had to set the block size limit very low, to 5 kB or less; and then it would have required several adjustments to reach a value adequate for today's usage (say, 250 kB, as Luke woud like). 
One small advantage of the "fee market" approach is that it makes the Fed-like role of the Authority less obvious.  But, would people be fooled so easily? 
One big disadvantage of the "fee market" approach is that the market equilibrium will be reached only when there are recurrent "traffic jams" at peak demand hours and days.  So, besides forcing a fee increase, it will also force a substantial increase in the delay to first confirmation.  Worse, both the fees and delay will vary unpredictably.  Wallet apps will become more complicated, and will have to consult the queues in order to guess an appropriate fee; which complicates the already complicated security checklists.  Finally, there will always be thousands of frustrated clients who are forced to pay a lot more only to wait a lot more,because their transaction was pushed to the end of the queue by other higer-paying transactions.
In contrast, under my proposal, all transactions will be serviced as soon as possible, with the usual wait time of ~10 minutes. Wallet apps will be much simpler, and transactions could be signed offline, even months in advance.   Every client will get the service that he pays for.
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:07:52
What, 57% of Russians use bitcoin??  They must have recruited their subjects through bitcoin forums...
@_date: 2015-04-28 13:39:43
It is well-known that a group of miners who have more than 50% of the hashpowerhas the power to indefinitely block a transaction or freeze some address (and to override any miner that by chance may succeed in breaching the blockade).  Last time I checked, the 4-5 largest Chinese miners had more than half of the hashpower, so they could do that if they decided to (for self interest, or under pressure of the Chinese government).  Depending on the context, that could be seen as a positive thing for bitcoin.  Would the community object if the miners froze the coins stolen from MtGOX, for example?
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:10:34
I am considering the case where the company denies having received the payment and claims that the output address is not theirs.  If the company admits that the address is theirs, then obviously there is no issue to discuss.
@_date: 2015-04-06 14:10:43
Excel uses doubles for all numbers, so practically ***all*** accounting in the world is done with floating point (in cents internally, not dollars, so there is no rounding for amounts up to ~2^52.)
@_date: 2015-04-14 05:04:37
JPEG with high quality setting (95 or more) will be universally recognized and will be good enough for hand illustrations.
@_date: 2015-04-01 10:17:53
If I am not mistaken, the Australian bitcoin mining and trading company DigitalBTC has been public for more than a year already. 
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:56:31


Hm, when was that "once was", exactly?
I suppose that they provided verifiable proof that the 10'000$ were indeed donated to the 911F, of course.
@_date: 2015-04-22 18:35:49


See [**here**]( for instance.  Beware that the estimate of V in that comment was made before Bitpay released some of their volume data, which was much worse than my pessimistic estimates.
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:43:17
PayCoin promised a 20$ price floor, although I don't know if that was from the start or a later development.  They also promised integration with Amazon and several other major retailers.   Why they attracted followers is no mystery; why the followers did not see the scam signs is the tougher question.
Dogecoin at first presented itself as "fun", not "money", and that explaisn why it attracted their followers.  (It seems that the speculators and scammers eventually moved in, so it may not be fun anymore...)
@_date: 2015-04-27 00:28:01
Many of the sudden changes since the Nov/2013 bubble were clearly linked to news and rumors, mostly in China but some in the West:
+ Mark's announcement of "a bug in bitcoin" (2014-02-10); price drops
+ Rumor that the PBoc would close the bank accounts of the Chinese exchanges, denied by PBoC on the same day (2014-03-21); price drops then recovers
+ Leak by a Chinese business reporter that the bank closure rumor was indeed true (2014-03-29); price drops
+ April 15 deadline for bank closures comes, but exchanges report that their banks still did not get any orders to close their account (2014-04-15); price recovers
+ Bank closures finally happen, a big Chinese exchange closes (2014-04-25); price drops
+ First USMS auction announced (2014-06-11); price drops
+ First USMS auction happens (2014-06-30); price recovers
+ Rumors that "Microsoft will accept bitcoin", later known to be limited to a few virtual goods, via Bitpay; price spikes, then drops
+ Rumor that "3 billion euro hedge fund will start trading on OKCoin", not confirmed; price spikes, drops a few days later
+ Coinbase creates great expectations about upcoming launch with "moon rocket countdown" webpage, later revealed to be just another exchange; price spikes, then drops.
There are some large price events that I still cannot connect to external causes, especially the mini-rally from ~450 to ~670 $/BTC starting May 2014, and the big drop to 152 $/BTC on january 14.
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:56:11


Total transaction fees are about 15 BTC/day which is more like 3300 $/day. But this number is proportional to the BTC price, so it cannot be used to compute the BTC price; if the price was 22 $/BTC then the fees would be 330 $/day.
Anyway, while the BTC price directly determines the total revenue collected by the miners, there is no mechanism by which the latter could influence the former.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 01:17:24
But the point is that it is not possible to *send* money to another state with paper currencies.  That *is* possible with electronic currencies, like bicoin.  
The problem is not the buying and selling, but the transmission -- buy in NY, send to San Francisco, and sell there.  Take a step back, ignore the BTC, and that becomes sending dollars from NY to SF.
@_date: 2015-04-24 13:15:45
There you have *two* proofs that women are smarter than men: (1) they don't believe in bitcoin just because Antonopoulos and Andreessen tell them to believe; (2) many men think that they are smarter than women.
@_date: 2015-04-30 12:32:50
Or, more simply, a group of existing miners with p &gt; 50% of the total hashpower collude in secret to use their power for some end.
Some attacks may be hard to hide, but some may be subtle.  For example, the cartel could block one particular transaction for a day or two, by ignoring and orphaning any block found by a non-cartel miner that includes it.  The rate of orphan blocks would jump to 1 - p, making it obvious that a 51% attack is occurring; but it may be hard to determine which mining companies are resposible for that.  The cartel members may have split their power into a large number of small companies or pools; so, even if the rest of the system could block off one "evil" pool (which I don't see how), the others would continue carrying out the plan.
@_date: 2015-04-27 04:03:57
Check your wallet: perhapsssh you have a credit card and jussht forgot about it.
@_date: 2015-04-19 08:22:00
A 21 nm process mining chip cooled by liquid helium?
An USB hardware device (to be sold only to people who are 21 or older) where the owner can store hard porn movies, protected against unauthorized viewing, spooking, or seizing by blockchain technology?
A supercomputer that will use blockchain technology to compute the first half of the answer to the Ultimate Question About Life, the Universe, and Everything?
A mining manufacturer that will take pre-orders and promises to deliver in *three* weeks (21 days), instead of the customary Two Weeks^TM?
  
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:25:57
Yes, I still remember in the early 1980s, people applying to Ivy League universities and getting jobs at NASA just so that they could download ASCII-art of children being abused and such.
@_date: 2015-04-19 04:57:32
There are 542 users logged into this subreddit now.  
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:20:18
There were even wilder predictions last year about the price 6- or 12-months in the future.  Unfortunately, since the proce of bitcoin is 95% speculative, it is impossible to predict, even withing an order of magnitude.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:20:18
There is a distributed file storage project called Storj, how does this compare to it?
@_date: 2015-04-25 18:59:43
If this had happened with a bank account, because of a faulty script that the bank gave him, he would easily get the absurd fee refunded.  If he had sent 150'000 $ of shipping fees to Amazon for a T-shirt, he would get the fees refunded by Amazon.  Let's see how the Bitcoin Corp. handles it.
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:24:32
So secure that it had to be rewound twice already, by dozens of blocks each time...
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:03:43
Yeah, those "blockchain embedded" viruses should be harmful only if the computer is somehow tricked into executing them.  If a hacker can do that, it probably can do it with viruses delivered by more conventional means.
Unless... unless there is a subtle flaw in the bitcoin client, accidental or planted, that does nothing harmful by itself, except causing the execution of such blockchain-embedded viruses...  That could be a way to plant malware into heavily-protected bitcoin nodes that are impervious to other virus delivery methods.
@_date: 2015-04-21 12:00:06
If you believe that a minority miner has a nonzero chance of getting a transaction through, you should check again.
  
Jeffrey said "miners", not "miner".  Chase tries to send a billion dollars worth of BTC to Barclays to bid on some big project, but the transaction is mysteriously ignored, no matter how high the fee.  Eventually it gets included in a block... but then the block gets orphaned and the transaction goes back to the queue.  While they wait, a Chinese company gets that contract...
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:49:30
If he dumped a pre-mined chain that was longer than the chain built by the other miners, the other miners would be forced by the protocol to abandon their previous blocks and work on extending his chain.  
@_date: 2015-09-16 18:02:57
Bitcoin was not designed to replace cash for in-person payments, true; but neither to take over the market of PayPal and VISA.  It was not meant to be cheaper or faster than them, or to destroy banks and governments.  It was not designed to be a vehicle for micropayments, nor a settlement layer for one international company or a small group of companies.  It was not meant to help criminals hide payments from the law, to evade taxes, to enable online gambling, or to hide money from creditors.  It was not meant to be a pyramid scheme to make early investors billionaires at the expense of later investors. 
Bitcoin has only one distinguishing feature: it allows peer-to-peer payments without the need for trusted third parties.  Its design was guided by that purpose: for example, its cost and erratic delays are tolerable for that purpose, although they make it useless for most other purposes. And Satoshi took the trouble to design and implement bitcoin because he believed that the world needed such a thing.  So, bitcoin will be a success if it is accessible to **everybody who need that feature for a legal purpose, if and when they need it**.   
No one needs bitcoin's essential feature to pay fo coffe, to buy things at Overstock or Dell, to buy a house or a car.  Banks dont need that feature for intra- or inter-bank settlements.  People making payments overseas may need it, to escape the high fees charged by banks for that service; but there are already international payment systems that charge a fraction of the bank fees, with better service features (such as charge-backs, fast service, cash delivery, etc.), and bitcoin will soon be unnecessary and non-competitive for that purpose too.
@_date: 2015-09-10 03:09:41


If congestion was bad only for spammers and other undesirable uses, there would be no problem.  But congestion is bad for all good players too: good users, bitcoin developers, developers of wallets and other apps, relay nodes, miners...
Consider for example that now most clients will send a trasaction to the network and forget it, because it will (or should) be confirmed as fast as the network can do it.  At most, the client may download new blockchain blocks (one every 10 minues) to see whether his transaction got confirmed; and usually it will be in the next block.
But if there is a fee market, each client (manually, or through his smart wallet) will have to also check the status of the queues, before and afer sending the transaction out.  Since many transactions will often be delayed by dozens of blocks, their clients will also have to check the queues after the broadcast, in order to get the fee profile (which they need in order to decide whether to top up the fee).   
So, besides making the legitimate users waste more time, and forcing them to contact the network before assembling the transaction, the "fee market" will probably *increase* the load on the full relay nodes.
This is an example of the reasons why the network should not be driven into congestion without a solid *quantitative* analysis of its consequences.


The protocol would succeed if everyone who needs to make a payment without trusted intermediaries will be able to use bitcoin for that -- paying the cost, no problem with that.  
With an uncongested network, that goal may take decades. (And, remember, I believe it will not be reached anyway).  But with a congested network the failure will be immediate: No matter how many people would need bitcon, only 150'000 transactions per day will be processed. 
If the average bitcoin user does 1 transaction per day, then there will never be more than 150'000 bitcoin users.  And, if 20'000 of them end up waiting hours after paying $0.50 for "priority service", ...
I really don't understand how people can think that making bitcoin congested will make it better.  I am trying to think of a good analogy (since you did not like the Satoshi Bus Lines) but every one would be so absurd that it probably would nit register either...  


But then I agree: the "fee market" will drive people (newbies and regulars) away from bitcoin.  What good is a currency that can be used by only 150'000 people worldwide? 


There is one small but totally crucial difference: the supply of bears is naturally scarce and nothing can be done about it, practically.  The supply of space on blocks is not scarce: the capacity cap thatis supposed to create the fee market would be totally artificial and arbitrary one, and could be removed by editing a couple of lines in the Core.
@_date: 2015-09-04 16:15:00


Uh?  My experience with similar situations tells me that only a few misguided fanatics would give significant value to the rebel's altcoin. Most users would either use the mining cartel's coin exclusively, and consider it to be "the" bitcoin; or use both coins, in order to squeeze out what little value the rebel coin may have.


Just as the value of the dollar economy is entirely defined by users and the network effect... And yet the Fed can set its monetary policies, and the banks can change their rules and fees so as to maximize their net profit, without much fear that those users would close their accounts and burn all the dollar bills.  


Those have no weight at all. Although they may buy the developers, the developers are totally superfluous.  The miners have all the programming expertise that they need to redefine the protocol, if they decide that it is a good idea. 
If 70% of the miners get together and announce that they have agree to lift the max block size to 8 MB starting 2016-01-01, explaining that they got tired of wating for the XT and Core devs to come to their senses --- how do you think that the "economic majority"  woudl react? 
@_date: 2017-10-29 19:07:54


You claimed that general antitrust laws could be applied to miners who refuse to process some transactions or do not mine on top of the longest chain that Core considers valid.  If they are free to run any software they want, they are free to do those things.


A protocol is an abstract notion, not tied to a specific implementation and independent of any nodes that run it.   The differences betwen protocol, software, and network are like the differences between algorithm, program, and computer. 
You can have two totally separate networks (= two separate sets of nodes and communication links) that use the same protocol. Or two different implementations of the same protocol, in the same or different networks, that use it with very different policies.


Quite the contrary.  A real miner has a financial motivation to validate everything and propagate the longest chain.  A non-mining relay does not have that motivation; so what could his motivation be? (We actually know the answer to that question for many of the Core-loyal non-mining relays.)
 There is no reason to believe that a non-mining relay will do any of those things you listed, and in fact it may do the opposite.  We have seen an example of that.


The point is the ~~introduction~~ infiltration of non-mining relays between clients and miners invalidated Satoshi's "proof" that the network would work as intended.
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:26:45
Well, that is not how investors usually think.  They invested when they bought the coins or financed a startup; they want their money back with a profit, not to keep putting more money into it, continuously.
VC investors may sometimes invest some more if the first lump was not enough for the startup to take off, and they expect that the second will be; but there is a saying that warns about "sending good money after the bad"...
@_date: 2015-04-03 02:03:24
Yeah too, I do spend more time watching bitcoin than I should.  But it is just the current one of several obsessive side interests I had in the past...
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:49:53
Orphaning should almost never invalidate more than one or two blocks.  (In fact, I wonder if there has been any instance of of two successive blocks being orphaned by normal race conditions.)
However, those two incidents I referred to required rewinding the blockchain by dozen of blocks.  Indeed, as you say, most of the canceled transactions could be replayed; but there was one substantial double-spend against OKPay, IIRC, that sneaked in during the replay and could not be undone.  
What is significant about those events is not so much that most miners agreed to abandon the "bad" chain after dozens of confirmations (since it was clearly buggy), but that they all agreed on using the same solution that was chosen by Gavin.  Methinks that this detail should be somewhat embarassing to those who value bitcoin because it is "decentralized, without a trusted central authority"... 
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:47:40
There are so many problems with this switch that I don't know where to begin.  I cannot believe that Coinbase thought this through.
For example, if a user buys 0.0001 BTC twice, his balance may show as 0.0001, 0.0002, or 0.0003 BTC.   How many users will complain?
If you show only 4 decimals in the BTC amounts, then you must round all amounts internally to 4 decimals, to avoid those puzzling situations.  The roundoff dust, and any inputs smaller than 0.0001 BTC, must be refused, or collected as fees.  Just as you should not deal with fractions of cents.
@_date: 2015-04-02 05:13:45
Only high-level brokers, the same who can get new shares from Greyscale, can redeem shares, ie return them to  Greyscale and get back the BTC.  Those high-level brokers then will dispose of the BTC somehow (give them to the final investor, or sell them and give dollars to the investor).
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:37:17
No matter how you call it, it will be the same thing: holding bitcoins for long time, on purpose, instead of using them for general payments.
Doing that with anything is  "hoarding", a generic English word that is not pejorative in itself.
Mainstream economists (not just Keynesians) say that a currency that encourages hoarding (or whatever you call it) is a bad currency.  They don't say that hoarding is irrational; on the contrary, when it happens, it is because it is the rational choice for the individual, given the currency's character.  They say that hoarding (or whatever you call it) is bad for the economy, because it makes people save in a non-productive way.  Therefore, they say, those in control of the monetary policy should discourage hoarding (or whatever you call it).
@_date: 2015-04-02 15:51:03
Huobi and OKCoin have no trading fees.  BTC-China used maker-taker fees for a while in 2014, but they had very little volume during that period (although perhaps for other reasons).  Bobby Lee hated the zero-fee model, but he may have given up in the end.
AFAIK the "Western" exchanges have all charged simple trading fees, ignoring the maker-taker distinction.  Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-04-02 07:55:58
If the price were to rise to 10'000 $/BTC, the "new investors" -- people who are buying bitcoins to increase their holdings -- would have to give 36'000'000 dollars to the miners, every day; and that money would never come back to them.  Plus another large amount, perhaps 20 M $/day, to buy the coins that the "divestors" -- those who are selling or spending coins to reduce their holdings.  Where such generous investors could be found?
During the November 2013 rally, the Chinese amateur commodity speculators, who had just "discovered" bitcoin, bought perhaps a couple million bitcoins from the "West".  Assuming an average price of 600 $/BTC, that meant 600 M$ dollars in 30 days, or 20 M $/day on average.  But that market was soon saturated and has been shrinking since then.  So, where do we find another market that can put in twice as much money, and sustain that rate indefinitely?
@_date: 2015-04-13 05:45:52
What makes that a "bitcoin shirt"?  
@_date: 2015-09-09 01:24:57


The average wait time until the next block is 10 minutes, the same as the average time between blocks.  This is somewhat counter-intuitive (your reasoning would be correct for buses on a regular schedule, for example), but it is a feature of Poisson processes and the associated exponential distribution.


The average waiting time W to first confirmation will probably be much more than 50 minutes.  The equilibrium will occur when the *average* traffic T is a little bit less than the *average* capacity C; say, T = 0.8 x C.   But [the demand T varies a lot depending on the time of day]( -- sometimes by 50% or more.  Then, part of the day the network will be uncongested, the queues will have less than 750 kB, and W will be about 10 minutes.  Part of the day, T will be above C; then the excess T - C of the traffic will not be processed, and will feeed a backlog of unconfirmed transactions, that will grow during several hours and take a few more hours to be cleared.  Among the transactions issued during such "traffic jams", a few thousand will necessarily be delayed by several hours.
Bitcoin is already too slow and complicated to use as it is, with uncongested network.  Try to put yourself in the place of a client and find that you are asked to pay an unpredictably high fee, but you still get no guarantee that your transaction will be processed in the time you specified -- because other clients too are raising their fees to get in front of you.  
Many times I had to do payments -- for plane tickets, hotel rooms, utility bills -- where an unexpected delay of 1 hour would have been disastrous.   Many more times I had to disconnect after making a payment, to do other things.  But according to the "fee market" proponents, clients should be prepared to remain on-line for hours, to check the progress of their payments and top up their fees.  
One of the most baffling mysteries for me is how the Core devs seem to be totally insensitive to the usability aspect of bitcoin.  It does seem at times that they regard Bitcoin as their toy, and the users as ants -- that are to be either ignored, or sometimes used as lab animals for experimentation...
@_date: 2015-04-28 20:14:03
That is my understanding too.  The  3600 x P $/day that the miners receive (not just their electricity costs, but all their expenses and profits) is money that permanently leaves the bitcoin "ecosystem".  The only source for that money is the new investors (people who are increasing their holdings) and they must also provide the money taken out by the divestors (people who are reducting their holdings), because there is no other significant net input of money into the ecosystem.  
(The people who hold bitcoin only briefly, for use as payment, contribute basically zero dollars, because their BTC purchases are promptly cancelled when BitPay &amp; co sells those coins. More precisely, those consmers only contribute to the ecosystem the small amounts that they lose due to the price dropping while they are holding the coins.  The money provided by VC investors does not go into the core ecosystem, but stays in the periphery, in the companies that try to grab a slice of the main money flow, in the form of fees etc.)
But this is the sort of understanding that those invested in bitcoin (or bitcoin ventures) do not want to understand... 8-(
@_date: 2015-04-10 15:41:23
An *obviously* obfuscated piece of code, perhaps not; but some module that is ostensibly useful or necessary for safety, although not really, hmmm...
@_date: 2015-04-29 04:24:24
Curiously, when the last reward halving happened (2012-11-28), there was not a blip in the price, which remained nearly constant for another 5 weeks.  Then there was a major rally; but there is no reason to think that the rally was connected to the halving, and some evidence that it was due to a surge of demand in China.
One theory that may explain that lack of effect is that the miners were selling only the coins that they needed to pay their bills, and hoarding the rest; and their expenses were less than half of their revenue.  So, when the reward was halved, they reduced their hoarding significantly, but still had to sell the same amount of coins to pay their bills.  In other words, the amount of mined bitcoins that actually reached the maket remained constant.
@_date: 2015-04-20 01:26:04
Both are accidental misspellings/typos that were repeated by others for fun.
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:49:17
Thanks! 8D
@_date: 2015-04-16 11:42:36
200% inflation rate means ~~50%~~ 67% expected drop in the currency's purchase value by the end of 2015.  That would makes the Venezuelan bolivar still a better store of value than bitcoin was in 2014.
@_date: 2015-04-01 14:20:25
Just under the title.
@_date: 2015-04-02 19:21:17
That's a TEDx event.  Does TED have control over their choices of speakers?
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:43:48
That is what I thought too, to a first approximation. 
However, very few of the transactions in the blockchain seem to be e-payments; my estimate is less than 10%.  A single gambling site accounted for up to 40% of the transactions, until it was blocked in the US.  Tumbling also must generate huge numbers of transactions.  Then there are companies that spam by sending tiny amounts to thousands of users, as a way to attract viewers to their homepage.  And all those new services like Factom that use the blockchain for non-currency purposes.  And developers stress-testing their software.  And maybe even deliberate spamming to pump up the volume numbers...
@_date: 2015-04-25 18:19:25


Actually we have been harnessing that power since we invented fire, many eons ago.  Both wood and oxygen are pushed chemically "uphill" by solar energy.  And ditto for all the food that we have been eating since we were mere protoplasmatic globules.


Again not quite true: horses, writing, ships, telegraph, trains, cars, telephone, radio, telex, TV, fax, and airplanes already had connected the world before.  The internet was only more efficient and flexible than those -- for non-material transport.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:44:22
So, what is the magic? 
@_date: 2015-04-05 12:54:01
No, that was the main headline:
@_date: 2015-04-28 11:30:51


Miners have both capital costs (equipment, AC, power wiring) and recurrent costs (electricity, rent, salaries, maintenance).  As long as their revenue is above the recurrent costs, it makes sense for them to continue mining, even if they know that they will never recover their investment.  
There is a substantial delay between the decision to go into the mining business and starting to mine.   There is also enormous variation in cost and efficiency of mining equipment, and electrictity prices.  It is hard to estimate how miners in general are doing now.  Mining was immensely profitable at times because the price was rising fast and competitors could not come into the market fast enough.  At other times, the fall in prices must have forced miners with less efficient equipment and/or more expensive electricity to shut down, often will significant losses.
@_date: 2015-09-05 02:43:26


Methinks that you have a rather peculiar view of the community.  Perhaps you fequent certain forums and communities, and you imagine that all bitcoiners are like the people you meet there -- steeped in ideology and driven by it.
Perhaps I have been reading the wrong forums; but I would guess that 90% of the bitcoiners are into bitcoin because they just want to make money, and don't care whether the coin is ideologically pure or not.  They only care about the price going up, and wil say whatever it takes to help that.
@_date: 2015-04-18 03:13:35
Better yet: convince everyone who has an outstanding loan or mortgage from a bank to burn his home and all his possessions and jump from a cliff.  *That* would get the banks bankdisrupted for good.
@_date: 2015-04-26 19:01:43
I have discussed this issue in more details a few times already, here and in other forums. In the end it boils down to what one believes that certain people will do in certain circumstances.  My beliefs in that matter seem to be different from those of the bitcoiners who minimize the power of a mining majoriy and claim that other players have a vote.  I don't know how to change their minds, and they have been unable to change mine, since the issue is not amenabe to rational arguments...
@_date: 2015-04-14 04:35:32
Bharara was not the Judge, but the U. S. Attorney for the prosecution; and Silver was a *former* lawmaker.
@_date: 2015-04-14 06:09:16
If the black dots in the QR codes are several pixels wide, then JPEG at 95 should be good enough.  If there are very fine details (1 pixel wide) then you may want to either increase the quality setting to 98 or 99, or use the PNG format.  
Beware that saving in JPEG format loses information, that cannot be recovered by converting to PNG or raising the JPEG quality.
For that reason, when scanning the art, use a high resolution (say 600 dpi) and then scale it down on the computer with Photoshop, Gimp, or similar.
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:10:30
Perhaps there is a reason why they don't do that...  
Price of Bitcoin: 245.32 dollars
Price of Bit: 0.00024532 dollars
Nuff said
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:17:35


Trying to think with Lawsky's head, I would be very surprised if this item gets struck down.  Giving green light to bitcoin companies to provide any product or service that they may think of would remove the very point of licensing them.
Bitcoin is often just a different instrument for providing the same financial products or services that traditional companies provide, such as remittance, savings, day-trading, investment funds, debit cards, ATMs, etc. From the regulator's viewpoint, it makes no sense to exempt a company from licensing just because it uses a different tool to do a service that requires licensing.
@_date: 2015-04-26 05:07:30
It was a rhetorical question... I find it hard to believe that a landlord would be willing to  take a 600 $ hit on 3000 $ rent, just to encourage *one* person to use bitcoin *once*, in the dubious hope that this person would become a convert...  
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:29:09
People buying general merchandise or services with bitcoin, even if through BitPay, would mean that they were still using bitcoin for e-payments.  Purchases of gold and gift cards mean that they are getting away from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-26 10:19:28
It does not need to be reliable and objective...
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:26:09
OK, sorry, I meant "bitcoin developers" in the broadest sense of people developing software around cryptocurrency technology.  Such as Swarm, for example.
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:45:46
IIRC, BitPay does it by monitoring the transactions that are being received by the relay nodes.  If a second request to spend the same coins pops up, it rejects the first one as an attempted double-spend.  But this is not something that a single user can do on his laptop.
@_date: 2015-09-18 18:19:38


My point above is precisely that the blockchain (or any file derived from it) does NOT contain that information.  No matter what tools you use, you cannot extract information from a dataset that does not contain it.
@_date: 2015-09-05 13:02:56


I think that the problem is that our basic assumptions start to diverge at a much lower level than you realize.  Starting with our ideas of how people and companies react in such circumstances in general, and what is the motivation of the typical bitcoiner...


I argue that a coin with 75% of the miners will have 75% of the business (or more), because the other coin either can be squashed by the mining majority (if it is its ASIC-compatible), or will be an obscure altcoin with a tiny network and a community of fanatics (if it is not ASIC-compatible).


Yes, that is my point.
@_date: 2015-04-05 06:57:35
Well, some Satoshologists believe that he had a British background (although he probably was in the US at the time).  That would be consistent with him having a subscription to /The Times/...
Did anyone compile a list of the headlines of other major papers on that day?
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:08:48
Last time I read this proposal, I was left with a question: could a nasty miner delay the other miners by sending them an IBLT with excessive differences, that cannot be decoded by them; thus forcing them to wait for the full data?
I would have to read the paper more carefully to make the question more precise, but perhaps Gavin has considerd this worry, and dispelled it? 
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:35:09
No one should keep large amounts of money in a bank account if they do not intend to spend them. You are right that such thing is not speculating, it hoarding; and hoarding currency does not make sense, precisely because iy yields no profits, not even the profit one could make by speculating.  
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:27:28
Another comment rfom that thread:


@_date: 2015-04-02 14:34:05
Hopefully so.  But how can they cost less than the 108$/month that a high-volume document generator would pay for an in-house solution?
Is "data discovery" some sort of document indexing?  If so, that does not require a blockchain, does it?  And each high-volume client would have its own way of indexing his documents.
Can you clarify what "separate accounting from data" means?  
As for censorship resistance, I understand that Factom does not keep the original document;  the client must store it elsewhere, and provide the exact file to any challenger in order for the hash to be verified.  So, what kind of "censorshp" does that refer to?
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:23:53


The budgets of the big miners are in the tens of millions of dollars.  Bitfury's revenue, for example, is ~200'000 USD ***per day***. 
There are literally millions of programmers out there that are more competent than the current Bitcoin Core devs in network and software engineering; and hundreds of thousands, at least, who understand the cryptography used in bitcoin.   With 200'000 USD *per year* you can easily hire a Satoshi-level programmer.
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:56:44
Isn't that a paid advertisement?
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:53:57
The reason to increase the block size has nothing to do with pushing the price up or keeping transactions free for spurious uses.  The increase is needed to keep the mean service time at least predictable and ~10 minutes, insted of unpredictable and hours (or days, or forever).  
Getting rid of the freeloading non-payment applications would be good; getting the miners to be supported by users (instead of investors) would be good; motivating miners to process as many transactions as possible woudl be good.  However, imposing an artificial cap on the network capacity would be the most idiotic way to *try* to achieve those goals --- "try", because there is no empirical evidence or logical argument that would make those outcomes minimally plausible.
To get rid of freeloaders, and to motivate miners to maximize their service, the simplest and most effective solution would be to impose sufficiently high fees by a *fixed* formula (per tx, per kB, per output -- it does not matter much) in the 'consensus rules'.  So that every client will know the fees in advance, independently of which nodes and miners may happen to process his transactions.  
A fixed and sufficientlt high fee would get rid of most spurious traffic without harming the intended use (e-payments).  Thus it  may even delay the need for a size limit increase by several years.  But I see no prospect of the devs, holders, gambling barons, and snake oil salesmen accepting a hard fixed fee; so a substantial size limit increase is not only necessary, but urgent.
As for getting the users pay the cost of mining, I don't see any way to achieve that at all.  Unless the price drops to 0.10 USD/BTC or so, and that aberrant mining industry disappears...
@_date: 2015-04-29 12:49:15


I mean, like buying or selling bitcoins to someone whom you should suspect of being a drug dealer, or attempting to evade taxes.  You may be seen as acessory to the crime.  (IIRC, Charlie Shrem was initially to be charged with some drug trafficking offense, although that charge was later dropped.  And, in the "unlicensed MSB" charges against user  of bitcointalk, one aggravating item was him allegedly knowing that the coins were involved in some illegal activity.)
@_date: 2015-04-14 23:13:36
The main reason why altcoins are created is that smart people get the insight: "why should I pay for bitcoins, and watch the early bitcoin adopters get filthy rich at my expense, when I can create my own coin, and become filthy rich at other people's expense?". 
The current owners of bitcoins take it for granted that, if a new coin replaces bitcoin, their holdings will be transferred to the new coin.  They assume that the switch will be like the introduction of the euro, when anyone who held marks and francs, in cash or bank accounts, had them converted to euros in an orderly process, at a fixed rate, with no loss of purchasing power.
However, the creators of the new coin will have no reason to do that, and in fact will have very good reasons *not* to do that.  When the time comes, bitcoin holders may cry and scream and curse, but they cannot force the creators of the new Supercoin to give them valuable SPCs in exchange for their soon-to-be worthless BTC.  In the case of the euro, the lossless switch only occurred because the old currency and the new currency were both issued and managed by the same entities, the central banks. 
Moreover, the 99.999% of the world that does not use bitcoin will *not* side with the poor bitcoin holders; because the only way that the bitcoiners can become billionaires is by taking billions of wealth from others, without giving anything in return.  Who will want to make the MtGOX thief rich, except the thief himself?
@_date: 2015-04-09 16:09:07
No one hoards dollars, except druglords and very dumb people.  People started to hoard pennies when they were made of copper and became worth more for the metal than for their face value, that is why the gub had to change their formula.  "Saving" is not the same thing as "hoarding" at all.
@_date: 2015-04-21 23:57:02
I am confused. When you pay with BitPay, your coins go to the BitPay wallet ( [**this site**]( tries to keep track of it, perhaps you can find your transaction in there).  Then BitPay tells the merchant's website that you paid, and some time later sends dollars to the merchant's bank account.  The merchant does not even know what address you sent the coins to.  If the merchant claims that they did not get the payment, you should take the issue with Bitpay, not the merchant.
@_date: 2015-04-26 06:55:49
Thanks! So it is likely to be hardware, probably mining?
@_date: 2015-04-05 12:47:20
... while Jesus was ... what?
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:32:10
Are we sure that the article was not a deliberate ~~April 1st~~ March 31st joke?
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:10:12
Think, where could the 900'000 dollars a day be coming from?   
A: They must come from the pockets of the new investors who buy 3600 coins every day to increase their holdings.  There is no other net inflow of money into the system.
People who buy coins just to spend them immediately do not count, because they promptly get back their money as goods or services.  Ditto for merchants, workers, and payment processors who promptly sell the bitcoins that they receive.  There is a net contribution to the system only when someone gets a bitcoin in exchange for money (or goods, or services), and holds it.  That person puts 250$ (or the equivalent in goods and services) into the bitcoin economy, and does not get any money, goods or services out.  That money (or goods, or services) goes to the miners, and does not come back.
EDIT: And you are right that the new investors do not ***need*** to pay the miners.  They do not ***have*** to buy more coins to hold.  That is why the price has been falling for the last 16 months, and why the industry's gurus are now so interested in remittance and third-world adoption, and hoping that the ETFs will allow IRA holders to invest in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:23:49
Have your way.  Just ignore the fact that prices in the Chinese exchanges were leading the 2013 rallies, and the Dec/2013 crash, with the West struggling to follow.  Ignore also the fact that, since Dec/2013, any news or rumors that affected the Chinese traders, like the PBoC decrees, caused large price swings; whereas those that affected only Western traders had little or no effect...
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:30:18
Yes, but for some people that last part of the process seems to be complete before they are 20.
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:46:50
Public-key digital signatures were invented and commercially used many years before bitcoins, and in fact are the part of the bitcoin protocol that allows users to "own" bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-09-14 17:43:47
So, bitcoin will not scale, period.  Is that the message?
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:04:58


If there will be no delay, there is no fee market.  A fee market requires that some users get delayed so that others are forced to pay more.  
Adam Back, Ph. D., complains loudly that an increase of the block size limit, even to 2 MB, woudl require extensive testing before it is deployed.  But there has been **NO** testing or simulation whatsoever of the "fee market". 
No one in the small-blockian camp even guess whether the fees will end up being 30 USD/tx or 0.03 USD/tx; whether the average wait for 1-confirmation will be 20 minutes or 2 hours; whether the "smart" wallets will work or not. 
In fact, there has been **NO** service anywhere in the world whose price has been set like the "fee market" is meant to work.


You don't.  There is no known way to set up automatic feedback loop that ties any absolute value parameter of the bitcoin protocol -- such as the block reward, the amount of money in circulation, the minimum fee, and the minimum output value -- to the state of the bitcoin economy.
Since the late 1980s, there were several unsolved problems standing in the way of bitcoin's goal ("a peer-to-peer internnet payment system without the need for a trusted intermediary").   Satoshi found one (rather unsatisfactry) solution *one* such problem: how to maintain a distributed ledger and prevent double-spends without a central authority.  But other problems remain.  
The lack of a feedback loop is one such unsolved problem.  Until some other Satoshi finds a solution to it, there will have to be a "monetary committe" with sufficient moral authority to propose minimum fees that the majority will accept.  
Given that the purpose of the fee is only to discourage frivolous use, its value is rather arbitrary and will not have to be set very often.  A good value for now could be 0.001 BTC/tx (~0.23 USD/tx); and that would be OK even if the price rises to 800 USD/BTC or drops to 50 USD/BTC.  For payments where it makes sense to use bitcoin -- purchases from e-stores, tickets, restaurant meals, hotel reservations -- a fee of 0.80 USD will not seem excessive.
"But that would be a 'central authority' -- heresy", I can hear you screaming.  Yes, except that it can only advise -- the final decision will belong to the major miners, as it is now.  
You will say that the "fee market" approach is much better because the fees will be set by "natural" market forces rather than some committee.  But note: the "fee market" will exist only if the capacity is ***artificially*** limited.  And ***WHO WILL DEFINE THE CAPACITY?***
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:24:48
A marriage made in Cow Heaven.
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:18:46
But it would be, if he had been mining it for months before posting the genesis block.
@_date: 2015-04-02 16:17:26


Actual quote from [**this article**](  The sort of confusion you will get by using "bits" to mean a coin that is 1/1000000 of a **bit**coin, where keys have 256 bits ~~bit~~but can store any number of bits...
@_date: 2015-04-08 10:33:36
All but one of those bids are for 100 shares each, i.e. 10 BTC's worth.  The other one is 143 shares. I would think that they are just minimum bids that the level-2 brokers posted as a test, or to prime their market, or just to say "I am here too".  
@_date: 2015-04-23 11:54:13
You may note that the MIT thing is called "Digital Currency Initiative".  Not "Bitcoin Initiative", not even "Cryptocurrency Initiative".  Gavin and the others will now have no reason to stick to *the* Bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-04-25 04:02:53
OK, you are right, that reasoning is incorrect.
It is the case, though, that no one with money to spare presently thinks that it is worth paying 240 $ for one bitcoin.  Yet nine months ago there were many willing to buy thousands of BTC for 600 $.  What happened to them?   They were few, and they all ran out of money?   Or did they become more pessimistic about bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:21:31
The problem actually is that the cost of the network (he costs of mining proper, plus the miners' profits) is being paid by the new investors who buy coins to hold, rather than by the users of the nework. That gives the illusion that bitcoin transactions are free, allows huge levels of spam and pointless transactions, and makes many bitcoin applications (such as remittances and gambling) seem economically viable and competitive, when in fact they are not.  Moreover, it means that the price will collapse once the supply of ~~fools~~ new investors dries out.
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:51:02
I recall that he once announed a RealCoin, that is now called Tether.  Is that correct?  What is that, another altcoin?
@_date: 2015-09-05 15:23:10


There is a network effect for bitcoin companies (as there is for banks).  if Coinbase switches to BCoin while Bitstamp chooses ACoin, clients of one will not be able to send coins to the other.   While it is certainly possible that some companies will switch to the rebels' coin, there will be good reasons for all major companies to make the same option.


Actually I have analyzed it, apparently in more detail than even the core devs.  
On any ASIC-compatible branch, a 75% mining majority can put the other 25% out of business immediately, by orphaning every block that they mine.  At the same time, that MM can completely block any transaction of non-conforming clients, for as long as they want -- at no extra cost for them.   Bitcoin processors and remittances would have to stop operating.  Trading inside the exchanges may continue for a while, but all withdrawals and deposits will be blocked until the exchange submits to the MM changes (or unless the change is such that the clients don't have to change their software). 


How many bitcoiners do you think would be mining the ASIC-incompatible rebel coin?  My guess would be less than 10'000.
Note that, without the 400 PH/s network, the RebelCoin will not be better than Litecoin.  It will start out with much less prestige than Litecoin, even if it is technically superior in some aspects. (See what happened to BitcoinXT.)
@_date: 2015-09-01 12:27:17
You could post a number instead of "big" or "small" when the number is known.  
Actually someone should ask all those players again THREE separate questions 
(0) Do you think that the max block size should be increased by early 2016?
(1) If the max block size were to be increased around January 2016, what range of values would you be willing to accept?
(2) Which software versions would you be willing to run in that case (Core, XT, private, other)
@_date: 2015-09-02 12:18:29
Yes, of course.  You must be thinking of Greece, which is in the Middle East, a state in Africa.
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:22:44
The main risk of bitcoin, that makes is a lousy long-term investment, is its lack of fundamentals, that makes its price totally unpredictable.  A year ago, practically all the bitcoin experts confidently predicted that the price would be over 1000 by now, and many of them claimed 10'000 or more.  None of those experts can now explain why it has instead dropped to 250.
The funds clearly expect that, by being listed on NASDAQ or at least OTCQX, the repackaged bitcoins will seem to be more respectable in the eyes of IRA holders, and maybe of institutional investors.
@_date: 2015-04-30 17:50:19
Articles are OK, but the hype "this was the main hurdle" I would rather dispense with.  Quantum computing is like practical nuclear fusion, "a reality in this decade" since the 1970s or earlier...
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:02:32
Bitcoin is "scarce" because its supply is fixed, but scarcity alone does not define the value.  Five-inch floppy disks are no longer manufactured, so they are just as "scarce" as bitcoins; but they are trash today.
@_date: 2015-04-11 05:06:42
That should work too, it would be a useful check of the estimate obained as above.  However, the average efficiency of the mining equipment out there seems hard to estimate.
@_date: 2015-04-30 17:55:51
If the twitter account is indeed from the Casa Rosada, it may be some staff worker in charge of Twitter who forgot the decorum he was supposed to maintain.  Last year there was a similar incident here in Brazil.  Reminds me of Greece's Yannakis showing the finger to Germany on TV, a month or so ago...
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:27:32
That is not "mutual assured destruction" but "mass suicide".
If the "economic majority" does that, it will alienate *all* miners -- not just the "bad" majority ones, but also the "good" minority ones who would have refused the change that the "bad" miners wanted to impose.  Then the "good" miners would have no choice but to join the "bad" ones and help mine their chain. 
So, the result would be a split of bitcoin into two altcoins: one that has a small change decided by the mining majority, with a 400 PH/s mining network; and one with a network of CPUs, with perhaps 1/1000000 of that power.  Every client would start with the same coins in both chains, and surely there will be exchanges for the miners' coin too.   Which coin will be valuable, and which one will be worthless and die?
@_date: 2015-04-24 19:20:55
AFAIK, no one (not even Grayscale) can put BIT shares for sale yet.  The shares need to be "transferred" to the shareholders, whatever that means.
@_date: 2015-09-12 17:11:19


And, more importantly, will never be invited to speak or debate. ;-)
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:56:00


There have been many energic attempts to use mathmeatics and statistics to predict the future of stock prices.  
The only methods that actually work are based on fundamentals: you look at what the company makes, how much demand there is for that, check their balance sheets, and from that real data you try to predict their profit in the coming years.  Those methods work because they predict the ***non-gambling*** part of the investment profit, which is due to dividends and capital asset growth.
But those methods cannot give information on the day-to-day variations in price, which is where the day-trader expects to make gains.   Those gains by buying and selling in the short term are ***mathematically*** bound to be zero-sum.  And they ***must*** be random, because it they weren't, then all traders could exploit their non-randomness, and *all* of them could make a profit -- which, again, is a ***mathematical*** impossibility.  
And indeed, all statistical studies of stock prices have conclude that the best model for stock prices (apart from long-term trends due to fundamentals) is the so-called log-Brownian or geometric-Brownian model:  the price tomorrow (or in the next hour, or the next week) is the price now, plus or minus a random percentage change that is totally unrelated to previous prices, recent or remote.  In short, "past prices do not influence future prices". 
There is a lot of "trading folklore" that goes by the name of "technical analysis", that claims to help traders predict future price moves by looking at patterns in the past prices.  It is just as scientific as astrology or tarot.  


No, there has been no wealth created so far.  In the whole of 2014, by very, very optimistic estimates, 500'000 USD of bank fees may have been saved by people using bitcoin for payments instead of credit cards, PayPal, or bank wires.  That is nothing compared to the 300 million USD that have been invested in bitcoin startups, the 500 milion USD that people lost at MtGOX, the 500 million USD of electricity that were wasted by miners, ....
The bitcoin project so far has consumed a billion dollars of real wealth, moved a billion dollars maybe from some pockets to other pockets -- but generated almost no real wealth.
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:59:17
Not really.  The price of gold may be 80% speculation of more, bitcoin's is 98% perhaps; but stocks have a well-defined "fundamental value" that usually dominates over the speculative component.
While those fundamentals must be predicted too, and predictions are somtimes wrong, their prediction can be grounded in facts about the company's recent production of goods and services -- concrete wealth -- and the public's demand for them.  The price of Apple's stock is not merely based on vague hopes of what the price will be in the future, but in the expected dividends and the expected increase in the company's capital assets -- factories, stores, patents, etc.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:03:25
PS. Note that, unlike other forms of "51% attack" this one does not require the miners to conspire, nor mining to be concentrated.  Each miner, large or small, can monitor the blockchain and the pending transaction queues to deduce what fees other miners are trying to force on users, and join the effort if it will bring him more profit.
@_date: 2015-04-01 15:41:54
Even after eliminating apparent change-backs and long chains (presumably due to tumbling), there are still many transactions that are not payments for goods and services.  They include gambling (at one point PrimeDice was 40% of the volume, it seems), sending coins to/from exchanges and other "bitcoin banks", housekeeping of personal wallets, transfers from receiving addresses to main accounts, hot/cold wallet flow...
These "noise" transactions may be 90% of the volume or more.  Things will get worse when "parasitic" services like Factom start operating.  
TLDR: Those volume charts extracted from the blockchain provide no useful information on the state and growth of the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2015-09-16 16:39:30
Let me rephrase the question: if there was a minimum transaction fee of 0.20 USD (or 2.00, or 20.00), would those thousands of BlockchainID transactions exist?
Right now, anyone with 300 USD to spare can set up a script that will issue 15'000 transactions.  A registrar may sell a pack of 1000 IDs for 30 USD.  Obviously those budgets and prices would be multiplied by 10 if the fee was 0.20 USD.   Would there be such mass uses in that case?
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:24:10


Yes, the 1 MB block size limit is in all implementations of bitcoin at the moment.  But its permanence is hardly a consensus.  It seems that all major economic players want it to be raised before the network gets congested; they only disagree how, and to what value. (By the way, you should use quotes when using "consensus" in the bitcoin technical sense, because the 1 MB limit is defintely not a consensus in the usual sense  of the term.)
@_date: 2015-09-05 11:29:55
You still start from the assumption that the miners's coin  will lose its value, and the CPU-only coin will take it all... That is the assumption that I can't see happening.
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:18:47
I counted 7 Blockstream (Pieter, Luke, Jorge, Greg, Eric, Warren, Mark; or 8 - what is Poelstra's affiliation?), 2 Viacoin (Todd and Btcdrak), 1 Namecoin (Daniel), 1 Dash/Darkcoin (Amir), etc..
@_date: 2015-09-09 11:51:12


The Wright brothers designed an built their airplane to be a flying machine.  If it failed to fly, it would have been a failure.  
Bitcoin was not created to be a "foundational technology".  The technologies that it uses (Merkle trees, proof of work, public/private signatures) were known and used before bitcoin.  Any other uses of those technologies (notarization, interbank settlements, whatever) will be much better served by systems designed for those purposes. 
Bitcoin was designed for the reason stated in the whitepaper: because there was no system for peer to peer internet payments that did not require a trusted third party, Satoshi believed that there was a need for such a thing, and he had figured out a way to build one that would work.  He then created the first implementation, posted it to the public, and started mining the blockchain, to test whether that idea would indeed work.  
Well, it hasn't been a fantastic succes yet; but at least there are maybe 100'000 people throughout the world that find it indeed useful, in spite of its delays, risks, complexity, and clunkiness.  
The block size limit war is about whether bitcoin should continue to be useful to those users -- or should be turned into a different thing, even more cumbersome and expensive.
@_date: 2015-09-10 17:23:16


Well, if you cannot see why those things are problems, I don t see how I could explain.  I am only glad that the people who design trains and highways and sewes do not think like that...
@_date: 2015-04-23 04:48:39
Kinda like a [negotiable bond]( only with a fancy crypto registry?
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:51:45
Well, you should know that when a company says "we got almost 10" they probably have 6 or 7, maybe just 4.  Bitcoin companies, including Coinbase, seem particularly prone to such "creative truthfulness"...
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:32:08
Certainly not.  There aren't that many wallets, and we know that wallet count is a gross overestimate.
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:58:46
Should have been "cut your losses" = "sell, even though the price is less than what you paid, because the price will probably fall even more"
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:02:36
From the table below we see that, as of six weeks ago, there were ~725'000 blockchain addresses with at least 0.1 BTC in them.  
Many bitcoin users do not own any such address (e.g. those who keep all their bitcoins in wallet services or exchanges, and have never withdrawn to a private wallet, nor made a paper wallet).  But, on the other hand, there are many bitcoin users who own many addresses with 0.1 BTC or more in them.  Therefore, 725'000 is probably an optimistic upper bound for the number of bitcoin users.
If we raised the bar, and defined that a user must have at least 1 address with 1 BTC in it, then the number of users would be probably less than 360'000.
    # Distribution of bitcoins by address - Block 345000 - 2015-02-24
    # From 
    BTC Balance          ! Num.Addresses ! % of Addresses !        Tot BTC ! % of all BTC
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    0 - 0.001            |    63,550,382 |          96.83 |        412.545 |          .  
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL             |    63,550,382 |          96.83 |        412.545 |          .  
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    0.001 - 0.01         |       660,025 |           1.01 |      2,549.294 |         0.02
    0.01 - 0.1           |       698,290 |           1.06 |     24,255.386 |         0.17
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL             |     1,358,315 |           2.07 |     26,804.680 |         0.19
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    0.1 - 1              |       363,530 |           0.55 |    125,039.658 |         0.90
    1 - 10               |       240,183 |           0.37 |    680,001.686 |         4.90
    10 - 100             |       105,920 |           0.16 |  3,700,108.707 |        26.67
    100 - 1,000          |        14,228 |           0.02 |  3,276,003.791 |        23.62
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL             |       723,861 |           1.10 |  7,781,153.842 |        56.09
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    1,000 - 10,000       |         1,439 |            .   |  3,111,517.415 |        22.43
    10,000 - 100,000     |           103 |            .   |  2,496,006.974 |        17.99
    100,000 - 21,000,000 |             3 |            .   |    456,458.859 |         3.29
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL             |         1,545 |            .   |  6,063,983.248 |        43.71
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
    TOTAL                |    65,634,103 |         100.00 | 13,872,354.315 |        99.99
    ---------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:12:52
Shouldn't it be "at the end of the rainbow"? ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:05:37
No, it is a fine, not damages.  
The Brazilian Constitution guarantees freedom of speech, but judges often ignore it and use libel laws to take down blogs and other media content under penalty of heavy fines, usually per day that the material stays up after the order.   The Judge usually does not even hear the author before sentencing.  Sadly the citizens have no democratic control, direct or indirect, over the Judiciary.   
On the other hand, the concept of "contempt of court" does not seem to be as clear and strong here as it is  in the US.  Although the penal code specifies jail time for disobeying legitimate orders from authorities, including judges, the recourse seems to be rarely enforced.
But, as in the US, one must fight abuses of the law with their own weapons -- lawyers, appeals, aggravation instruments, habeas corpus, and dozens of other Latin terms that I don't know what they mean.  Just posting videos on YouTube won't do. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 13:45:00
A few weeks ago, there were 750'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC (22 dollars) or more in them.  Now, some bitcoin users have no blockchain addresses of their own, and some have many addresses; even so, that number  gives a rough idea of how many active bitcoin users there are.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:12:20
I suppose that the cashier just pretends that the client paid in cash.  The terminal does not know whether cash payments get deposited in the drawer or not.
For the time being, that will prevent use of bitcoin with automatic cashier machines (I saw many of those in the UK, are they used elsewhere?)
@_date: 2015-04-09 08:02:41
On the other hand there seem to be many nearly-empty blocks, so the transaction fees are not enough to motivate all miners to process pending transactions.   
Looking from that angle only, it would make sense to increase the fees until they become significant compared to the block reward.  (Currently, the revenue that miners get from fees is less than 0.5% of what they get from block rewards.) However, raising the fees to that level would break many uses like gambling, tumbling, microtransactions, etc.. 
On the third hand, a significant hike in the fees may cut the number of transactions per day by 90% or more, thus postponing the need for a block size increase.
@_date: 2015-04-06 07:30:55
If you bought 1 BTC at 1200$, sold at 800, bought 4 BTC at 200, and sold them today for 250, you would have lost 200$.
@_date: 2015-04-07 03:08:23
The talk is much better when you don't understand the language. ;D
After the first few minutes, the talk lost its path and breath. He wanted to tell th epublic about three ideas about "alternative currencies", his main interest of study.  One was some Swiss quasi-money based on credit without ordinary currency or deposit (I coldn't get in which epoch).  Next was some theory by a Canadian economist, which I did not understand. Finally he mentioned bitcoin, but very superficially; he whizzed past (and de-emphasized) the payment system aspect, didn't mention bitcoin as investment, and spent more time on the possibility of using the blockchain to "notarize" documents, a la Factom.  
There was yesterday a thread in about an Italian startup doing just that.  Perhaps he is connected to it?
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:58:32
Until you sell (or spend, same thing), you have just lost money.  
More precisely, when you bought that lump of nothing, you donated your money to a miner or a smarter investor.  
You will only get some money back if and when you find another sucker who will buy that donutless donut hole from you.  
You will only make a profit if that sucker buys it for more than you paid.  Which of course leaves him with the same problem you have now, only bigger.
At any point in time-- past, present, or future -- the total money that bitcoin "investors" got back from their "investment" is a lot less than the total money they have "invested".  That's because they can only get out money that someone else is putting in.  Meanwhile, miners take from "investors", every day, 10 million USD -- that are never going to get back to the "investors".
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:01:53
Hey, but that is an **US-based** organization that acts in Chile. The board is mostly US, the sponsoring companies are mostly US companies, the website is in English...  
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:19:54
Did you tell him that he has to pay taxes even if he takes bitcoin?  That the IRS can find him by asking reddit subpoena to give them your IP? 
@_date: 2015-09-02 12:16:27
To whoever trades on that exchange.
@_date: 2015-09-08 03:00:34


Theymos is the owner of bitcontalk.org. (Was that a rhetorical question?)
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:08:15
...and you should have seen all the insults that I got, in bitcointalk ad here, for warning Trezor users and makers about the risks of physical attacks...
@_date: 2015-04-28 22:28:36
Twitter is hardly a solid company.  Their revenue comes from advertising, whose value depends on how many users they actually have and how much they are influenced by the ads; things that are not easy to measure.  Indeed, the drop in value seems to be due to advertisers being less confident about those points. As of last november, their revenue was said to be "non-existent".  They got something like 70-80% growth in the previous quarter, but now it has decreased. 
(I used to be an obsessive tweeter, but their desktop browser interface became unusable after they implemented large-size image "previews" that cannot be switched off.  On top of that, their web programming is amazingly awful -- slow, wasteful of screen space, loses the scroll point all the time, threading does not work...  I am not surprised that their growth is slowing down.  The growth must be only mobile users, who enjoy a less awful interface; but there they are competing with whatsapp...)
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:50:44
You mean, what if someone claims that last month I closed a contract with him to deliver him something?  It would be his burden to show the PDF of the contract, a Master File containing its hash, and point to the hash of the Master File on the blockchain.  He cannot consider the contract signed by me until he gets those two files and the hash of the Master File is confirmed in the blockchain.
If he loses (or fails to receive) either of those two files, it is the same as losing (or not receiving) his copy of a signed paper contract. 
Notaries usually keep a copy of the documents whose authenticity and existence they are guaranteeing.  That serves as a backup storage if one party loses his copy by accident.
@_date: 2015-04-17 16:39:51
@_date: 2015-04-15 23:56:10
Ahem, there are already a site and a subreddit devoted to that purpose; but their names cannot be uttered in these halls impunely.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:45:12
Imagine your bank keeping its accounting internally in millionths of a cent, but showing you the monthly transaction log with all amounts rounded to whole dollars.  Even if you could get the exact amount of each transaction by hovering the mouse...
@_date: 2015-04-18 22:03:54
You think that 20 years from now there will be no more 17-year-olds? ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-19 17:08:22
[**This bitcointalk thread**]( tries to estimate that distribution based on hints from various sources, notably the blockchain and the leaked MtGOX database.  But the conclusions are highly conjectural.  There is no reliable way of identifying bitcoins that belong to the same person or company.
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:26:29


That is not how I saw it develop in bitcointalk.org.  The guy who detected the problem and collected the coins was not affiliated with BCI.  IIRC, the other details too were worse than what you say.  For example, not only the k values were reused because of the brokwn RNG, but there were cases fo the same private key issued to two users during that period, Perhaps you are referring to some *other* incident?


Come on.  Anyone who followed that incident knows what to think of BCI.  They were extremely lucky that a honest hacker was monitoring the blockchain for that, and managed to warn BCI.  It could easily have been a lot worse.  
@_date: 2015-04-01 15:04:47
Super short indeed.  Finished it in no time.
@_date: 2015-04-01 13:33:06


That goal was assumed by the drug users and dealers who approrpiated the system at some point, maybe 2011 or late 2010. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:26:21
Don't worry.  In 2018 the miners will convince the world that letting those coins stay lost forever would be a terrible waste.  Then they will "persuade" everybody to change the protocol so that any coin that has not been moved for 200'000 blocks becomes unspendable and goes back to the pool of coins that will be given out to miners as block rewards.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:03:40
There seem to be fewer animals able to kill humans. Only one big cat, and it is rare most everywhere.  No hippos, gorillas, big animals with horns.  The caymans are rater shy.  But there are some very poisonous snakes, they may be the biggest threat.  Depending on the place there may be boars with sharp tusks, mosquitos with malaria, piranhas and other unpleasant surprises in the water.  
The most dangerous animal in the Amazon is man.  A Brazilian archaeologist that I know was bit by a jararaca in the deep Amazon jungle; he luckily survived, but had to be carried unconscious for three days, and spent several months in the hospital recovering.  A couple of years later, he and an American collague, returning from another expedition, stopped at a bar in the outskirts of Manaus (a developed city of 2 million in the middle of the jungle). Three armed juvenile robbers stormed the bar and collected all wallets and cellphones. Then, before leaving, one of them turned around and, for no apparent reason, shot at the American, who died on the spot. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:36:12
The advice is usually "don't say anything about the events", because whatever you say can be used against you, or can give tips to other suspects that are under investigation.  Check the Burt Wagner case, for example: he just posted on bitcointalk that he is home under bail but cannot discuss his case because anything he says can be used against him in court.  Or the MtGOX case: Mark Karpeles says that he cannot talk about it yet, but him and the trustee said that the police is still investigating, and the police even leaked a bit of info ("the database is incomplete" etc.).
@_date: 2015-04-01 12:16:33
Sorry.  
Unfortunately, the chances of recovering those coins seem slim.  My guess is that they were sold in China, and the CNY were either confiscated by the PBoC in Dec 2013, or pocketed by the party who handled the sale in China.
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:18:18
"比特币" ("Bǐtè bì")  The "比特" is just phonetic imitation for "bit", "币" means "coin, currency".
@_date: 2015-09-01 21:19:15


If he wanted to use those coins to buy something, the coins will be quickly be re-sold, possibly many times.  Those trades do not put net money into the system, except for the few bucks of spread (that may go either way).
The net input of money comes from the last guys in the chain, who buy bitcoins and hold them for a longer time.
People who do that are called "investors".


You bought them because you enjoyed reading them, and that is also basically the case of the guys who buy them today.  You did not buy them because you thought they would be worth a lot in the future.
But that is what the people who buy bicoins now are thinking when they buy bitcoins to hold.  They are led to believe that they will make money from just holding them, by "bitcoin peddlers" such as the author of the title article.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:34:49
The first sentence seems to be a misunderstanding.  What I understood from another article is that Barclays will not receive the bitcoins; rather, they will allow the charities to sell the bitcoins on some speciifc exchange and withdraw the GBP to their Barclays account. The second sentence is the reporter's imagination.
@_date: 2015-09-01 00:50:50
"On the internet no one can tell that you are a sarcastic dog."
@_date: 2015-09-01 19:11:12
I do say the same thing for gold.  Any profit that one can make from investing in gold comes from new investors.  Again, there is no other source it could come from.
That is not the case for bonds: the profit of the bond holders comes from the entity that issued the bonds, when the bond is redeemed; not from new investors.
That is not the case for long-term investment in stocks, either.  The profit of stockholders comes mainly from the revenue that the company gets by selling its products or services -- in the form of dividends, or from growth of the capital assets of the company.  It does not from new investors.
Sure, one can do speculative trading with bonds and stocks too, and possibly earn profits that way beyond the nominal interest of bonds or dividends and asset growth.  In that case those extra profits *do* come from new investors, too.  
Speculative trading (such as happens with bitcoin, in the exchanges or over-the-counter) is a form of gambling, where those traders that are smart and/or lucky take money from those who *think* that they are smart or lucky.  
Although I do not gamble, I have nothing against gambling -- provided that every player knows that it is a gambling game, and is not being intentionally misled about the odds.  
When new investors are lured with unrealistic promises of fabulous gains (explicit or implicit), or are intentionally misled about the odds, or -- as in the title article -- are lied to about the nature of the game, then it is no longer gambling, but a swindle.  I wish that such swindlers would go to jail.
@_date: 2015-09-17 02:25:30
1. Usability
2. Speed
3. Security
4. Charge-backs (presumably)
5. Service guarantees
6. No currency exchange losses.
There may be more reasons.
@_date: 2015-04-28 23:03:14
Will bitcoin still exist by Fall quarter 2015? ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:35:25


The single-digit estimate is based on the current USD volume of payments and conservative guesses about the retention time (time between successive payments with the same coin).  This usage would not decrease if speculation were to end; on the contrary, there would be a temporary surge in e-payments as some holders will get rid of their hoards by spending them.  Apart from that, people who use bitcoin for payments presumably do so because of features that are independent of its price.


How is that, exactly?
Note that if the Winkes get approval for their fund, they will probably sell their estimated 200'000 BTC to the fund as the fund issues COIN shares.  Then the Winkles will have dollars, not BTC, and the price risk will be passed on to those who buy the corresponding COIN shares.
@_date: 2015-04-27 21:17:32
That is not how you design a software product.  You must try to see possible problems before they happen, and make sure that the software will not fail when they arise, or at least will fail in a graceful way.  That is what Satoshi had to do when he designed the bitcoin protocol, for example.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:37:36
Please stop pointing at charge-backs as if they were a defect of credit cards.  Visa and Paypal would love to abolish charge-backs, since they cost them lost of money and headaches.
Charge-backs are an **intentional feature** of those systems, that had to be designed and implemented at great cost -- because customers would not use those systems without that guarantee.
@_date: 2015-04-12 19:32:52
And seal the bunker's door with epoxy.
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:32:58


EXACTLY! 
You are driving along an empty road and you see the way blocked by a cow squatting on the tarmac.  Which is "change course" and which is "stay the course" (a) drive full speed into the cow, (b) stop, shoo the cow out of the way, then resume driving? 
Raising the limit is "no change".  It will not change the actual block size or the rate at which it is growing, or anything else.  Driving bitcoin into congestion and creating a "fee market" is a HUGE change.  The burden of proof is on those who want the "fee market":  They would have to prove conclusively that it would be safe and good for bitcoin. 
So, **WHERE IS THE BIP**?


Blockstream is the company created by Adam Back, Greg Maxwell, and others to somehow make money out of the "overlay network" -- whether it is sidechains, the Lightning Network or whatever.  Many of the current BitcoinCore developers work for them, including those with commit privileges to the source code.  They got 21 million USD in venture capital sometime in the past year or so.  Who knows what they promised investors, but the "fee market" and being in control of the protocol seem to be crucial for their plans.  That is the only explanation I can think of for their hysterical reaction to a certain unmentionable development by certain unmentionable persons...
@_date: 2015-04-07 11:04:24
The big constraint is among users doing bitcoin accounting (Excel) or all sorts of auxiliary software in languages that use IEEE doubles for all numbers (JSON, gawk, matlab, ...)
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:27:38


It is hilarious how the libertarians got convinced that Satoshi was one of them, based only on that headline -- without understanding (or refusing to understand) why he put that headline there.
(No, it was not because he admired Cameron and worked for a British bank. ;-)


Many states keep their gold reserves in Fort Knox or some other bank in the US.  When they have to sell or buy some, they do it virtually; the gold does not move.  
I don't know the details of that settlement system, but I am quite confident that a bitcoin-based system would be much les secure.


Who is trolling?  You know that practically all proposals call for the change to be effective by the end of the year at the earliest, so that everybody can upgrade or patch their programs to cope with it.
@_date: 2015-09-13 23:12:10


A couple of companies are reporting steady growth in the number of *wallets*.
[The number of *transactions* per day]( is steadily increasing; although [the USD value of those transactions]( has not changed since Apr/201**4**.
One could do a little experiment: require a minimum fee per output and minimum transaction output value of 0.001 BTC (~0.25 USD) for three months, and see how those numbers change.
@_date: 2017-10-28 11:21:48


The protocol also says that miners are free to mine on top of any blocks they choose to.  
Moreover, once a majority of the miners has decided to enforce some min fee policy, that policy becomes part of the protocol, and any blocks that violate it are invalid.  
In fact, all changes that have been implemented in bitcoin since 2009 have been implemented that way.  It is called a "soft fork".


I insist: there are no laws that apply to cryptocurrency mining, anywhere in the world.  Miners can process whatever they want, any way they want.
@_date: 2015-09-13 04:27:01
Unless the miners refuse to incorporate that change to the protocol, of course. 
@_date: 2015-09-09 22:14:50


Not at all. I believe that growth will be slow; that is why I see no problem in raising the limit to 8 MB or even 20 MB. By my estimates, the average block size will not exceed 1 MB until 2017, and will reach 2 Mb only in 2018 or 2019.  
(I even suspect that the growth of the last 12 months is mostly fake -- someone issuing increasin amounts of spam transactions to hide the actual stagnation, or worse.)


Bitcoinistam of the tale is the "country" of True Bitcoiners, who do not admit other altcoins. 8-)


Indeed it is not.  However, bitcoin does have huge costs, that *someone* must pay for.  Currently they are paid by the new investors that are told to buy and hold because it will be worth millions when it replaces Visa etc. But that is going to end as the block reward dwindles.  According to the original design, the miners should be rewarded by the fees.
But what I mean by "business sense" is how to set prices and handle sales so that the customers dont leave stomping their feet and saying bad things about your mom.  Such as: 
+ tell customers the price upfront, preferably well in advance; 
+ charge everybody the same price for the same service; 
+ charge proportionally to the value of the service as perceived by the customer (and not proportionally to the actual cost of serving each customer); 
+ deliver what you promised to every customer that pays the stated price;
+ serve each customer as quickly as you can;
+ do not charge the customer if you were unable to provide the promised service;
+ serve clients in first-come-first-served order, as much as you can;
And so on. 
Being a non-profit public service, bitcoin (like wikipedia) should not run after customers.  (It is unfortunate that bitcoin holders and companies are doing that now.  It is another consequence of the bitcoin having been appropriated by speculators: they need a squadron of new suckers every day, to throw money into the investment pyramid, and for that theu need to show that "adoption is increasing".)
However, bitcon (like wikipedia) was designed and created only to render a certain service to people who would need that service; and that is the only justification for its existence.  Like wikipedia, it must try to be minimally convenient and easy to use; otherwise many of those whom it was intended to serve will not be able to use it.  Those lost users would be a failure of the project, and a loss to mankind (assuming that his service is good for mankind).  
Congestion, and the "fee market", would *intentionally* prevent many intended bitcoin users from using it.  Just for that fact, the "fee market" is a terribel idea.
@_date: 2015-04-26 07:26:40
"Bitcoin transactions are free" is an illusion.  Right now the miners are supported by new investors to the tune of 800'000 dollars per day.  No one dares to estimate what the transaction fees will be when the block rewards will become insignificant.  Market economics predicts that they will be comparable to the bank fees...
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:34:04
From the discussion in that BT thread, I gather that the process that was supposed to take two weeks was completed last Friday, but apparently there is still paperwork to be done.  That poster I linked estimated another 5 days; I have no idea, obviously...
That poster also said that he does not intend to sell now as he believes in BTC fo the long term.  Well, it is one sample...
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:52:00
Both the number of wallets and the number of transactions are easily inflated by anyone who wants to "help" bitcoin.  Note that none of those services has shown a breakdown of number of wallets by size of account.  There was a Reuters article a few months ago claiming to have inside info that most of the BlickChain.Info wallets were empty.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:04:34
OK, sorry, I guessed that a bank called "Natwest" should be frequented by clients with Stetsons and chaparrals... 8D
@_date: 2015-04-04 09:28:14
Are "Money Service Business" and "Money Transmitting Business" the same thing?  I would think that one needs an MSB license to handle or hold other people's money, like a bank or foreign currency exchange, even if there is no "transmission".
@_date: 2015-04-05 17:41:11
By renting out cloud mining, isn't the company offloading the risk to the client? (If the price crashes or the difficulty rises, only the client loses.)
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:09:28
If I have only ONE contract or deed that I want to be "notarized" in the blockchain, I need to insert only ONE hash, which costs piffles.
If I need to do that for a very large number N of independent documents, and don't want to pay a blockchain fee for each one, I can hash each document separately, make a Master File with every M such hashes, hash the master file, and insert its hash in the blockchain.  Then, to prove to someone that one particular document existed at some time, I show him the original document and the corresponding Master File, and point to the hash of the latter on the blockchain.  The total fees that I pay are then divided by M.  By varying M, I can trade-off time accuracy versus total fees.  
Even if I have a lot more than 144 documents per day to notarize, using this trick I can get 10 minute time accuracy (the maximum) paying only 108 $/month.
@_date: 2015-09-13 10:41:26


I don't really care that it is a BIP.  I asked that because Adam chastised Gavin because he did not submit the propsal to increase the limit as a BIP.


Yes, because that change is intentional: it is Blockstream's plan for the future of bitcoin.  Bitcoin was designed to operate uncongested, with every transaction included in the next block, apart from propagation and miner delays.  They want to change that.
@_date: 2015-09-16 00:19:08
There is no chance that bitcoin will displace PayPal, much less VISA or the dollar.  The user base is small (maybe less than 50'000 regular users, in spite of what Coinbase and Blockchain.Info claim) and not growing, possibly shrinking.  
The last peak was when the Mainland Chinese amateur commodity traders discovered bitcoin.  For another higher peak to occur, an even bigger market (in dollar measure) would have to be opened.  Maybe India or Latin America will provide that market, but it doesn't seem too likely.
@_date: 2015-09-01 19:14:56
Good.  And how does one call those people who pay to get bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-09-16 01:40:13
No, not "whole China" by all means.  Perhaps (wild guess) a hundred thousand during the peak.  
That 10'000 estimate by Leon Li was much after the peak, by the way.  And there were 2 other exchanges as big as Huobi, and several smaller ones that are rarely mentioned in the West.
How many users do you think that are regularly trading in Bitstamp, say?
Post-mortem analysis of the MtGOX database showed something like 70'000 accounts with some BTC in them, not a million as was claimed (the rest was empty/dead).
@_date: 2015-04-04 09:13:09
The government's logic presumably is: is the guy's business an alternative to Western Union?  If so, then it is an MTB and needs an MTL.  My guess.
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:25:28
As other Ripple fans explained, there are two very distinct things called "Ripple".  
The **Ripple network** is a system that banks may adopt for interbank settlements in arbitrary currencies and other assets, including possibly gold and bitcoin.  It uses some cryptocurrency ideas, but it is centrally managed, trust-based, closed, etc..  Individuals will not have access to it except indirectly through their banks, and need not know about it.
The **Ripple coin** or XRP is a cryptocurrency that was created by the same company (Ripple Labs), and, unlike bitcoin, is centrally managed by them.  There was a hope that XRP would be used by the banks as an intermediate currency when trading between minor currencies; but the banks could use USD, EUR, or even BTC for that purpose.
So, XRP is not a part of the Ripple network.  Either the coin or the network could succeed or die without major consequences on the other.
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:03:36


But it was NOT meant to apply to normal traffic at all!  
That is totally NOT the preexisting approach.  The preexisting approach (that was assumed throughout the design of the protocol) is that there would be NO cap on the capacity, and all transactions would be processed on the next block.


Putting a cap on the capacit does not ensure neither high fees nor low fees.  The fees will be highly unpredictable.  Neither miners nor users will like it.
But why not ask the users what they think of the 1 MB cap and the "fee market"?  (We already know what the miners think, and what the services think.)  
Speaking of which, **WHERE IS THE BIP FOR THE FEE MARKET AND ARTIFICIAL CONGESTION**?


Yes, because traffic jams are scary and terrible.  How many times, and how many people, have to tell the Code devs that a congested network is a broken network, for them to understand that basic fact? 


Why would anyone pay more than the basic fee, if there is no backlog and every transaction is being confirmed in 10 minutes?  If the system is in equilibrium, there must be something counteracting the desire of each client  to pay less.  That something is the observation that there is a queue of unconfirmed transactions who are paying less and are not being serviced.
And that is what would happen if T was nearly constant.  But, as you must have seen in that plot, T has been varying every day from 0.5 to 2.0, with a mean of 1.4.  So, half the day there will be no backlog, half the day there will be a growing backlog.  Good luck trying to guess exactly when...


No, it is not sensationalism, it is basic network engineering knowledge -- that the Blockstream guys, in spite of being exquisite hackers, apparently don't have, and refuse to learn...


Because the competent guys know that, at the current pace, saturation will probably happen in the firsta half of 2016 already; so, **to avoid unnecessary and significant risk**,  the block size limit must be increased in six months time at most; and that is already a rather short time for the software to be checked and tested, and for everybody to upgrade.
Gavin has been warning the Core devs and asking for an increase for a long time, but the Core devs unfortunately are fixated on their plan to implement the "fee market" and congested operation.  
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:11:05
I know that, you know that, but I have seen many posts by bitcoiners who apparently believe that bitcoin will let them evade taxes because "it is anonymous".  But yes, there are other possible explanations for that story.
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:00:47
Because the blockchain numbers are meaningless; no one can tell how much is e-payments, how much is just coins moving between addresses that belong to the same person, and how much is other transfers that are not e-paments (such as gambling or trading coins for cash).  At one point, just primeDice was responsible for half of all blockchain transaction volume.  The Bitpay numbers are significant because they are the largest bitcoin payment processors,and are consistent with other hints (like reports from many merchants about their bitcoin sales being nearly zero.)
But if you prefer to believe in the numbers and arguments that point to the "right" conclusion, there is no point in continuing this discussion...
@_date: 2015-04-26 23:23:20
I wonder how many of their customers are active.
Blockchain.Info claims a couple of million wallets, but most of them are said to be empty.  Coinbase too claims to have millions of users.  Yet, on the blockchain there are only about 750'000 addresses with 0.1 BTC or more in them --in the entire world.  
Significantly, none of those companies publishes the distribution of customers by range of account balances -- how many have 0.1--1.0 BTC, how many have 1--10 BTC, etc..  They claim that is it is valuable startegic information: of course it is.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:51:03
No identification of the owners except a name without address or CV.  No information about the company - source of capital, staff, legal registry, etc.
If it is not a scam, it is a pretty good imitation of one.
@_date: 2015-04-22 18:46:36
See the other comment.  The 5 $/BTC is not an arbitrary number, although it depends on some estimates about the actual volume V of e-payments and the mean time T between payments with the same coin
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:32:35
I can imagine that. ;-)
@_date: 2015-09-12 04:41:59
Maybe I am mixing up different threads of conversation at this point.  But, IMO, 
+ bitcoin should have significant fees, on the order of 0.20 USD/tx (to get rid of frivolous uses that get in the way of its intended use, to induce miners to process as many tx as they can, and to make spam attacks more expensive); **and** 
+ the fees should be fixed in the protocol (to simplify both the software and the users' ontology, and make bitcoin mode usable); **and also**
+  the block size limit should be substantially increased (to prevent congestion under normal traffic, even at peak hours and under random surges, and to make spam attacks really expensive and short-lived)


The "fee market" will not be like an auction either.  First, in an auction there is one item for sale, so the supply is *really* limited: only one client can get it. Then, in one phase all interested parties state their bids, and watch the other bids. Once there are no more bids -- that is one bidder si willing to pay X, and no one else is willing to pay X -- the sale is closed, and the client with the higer offer gets what he paid for; while the others, who got nothing, pay nothing.  In contrast, the "fee market"  will be a **running** semi-blind auction where clients do not know what they are bidding for, because what they will get depends on what the others will bid, which they will probably will not get to know in time;  and there will be no refunds for the clients who paid a higher fee to get prompt service, but did not get it because others paid more.  Can't you really imagine yourself engaging in it?
@_date: 2015-09-11 23:56:07


I now that well... But avoiding those pitfalls requires more *prior* programming experience, not more time while programming.  
In fact, Satoshi's fluency in C++ is one thing that could disprove the "Satoshi = Nick Szabo" theory -- unless Nick is fluent in C++ too.
And there were bugs in Satoshi's code, such as that OP_MUL overflow bug, right?
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:10:46


Bitcoin was created because Satoshi (and many other people before him) though that there was a need for a PayPal that would not depend on a central management or other trusted third party.
He believed that such a system would be useful to mankind, even if it took 1 hour to confirm a payment, had no charge-back feature, had no entity to guarantee and stabilize its value, required people to download a huge file and waste lots of CPU time and electricity to get some coins, provided far less privacy than a bank, etc..
If there is no need for such a system, well, Satoshi surely wishes that he would have bee told that in 2006...
So, if that need does not exist, or bitcoin will not satisfy it at all, then tell me: what is bitcoin needed for?
A safe interbank settlement system?  There are much better solutions that rely on multiple trusted third parties (trusted because they are not anonymous and bound by laws and contracts).
A payment system outside the reach of the law, for use by drug dealers, fraudsters, thieves, robbers, extorsionists, killers, tax evaders, alimony evaders, paedophiles, and other high-value criminals?  Mankind as a whole does not want such thing to exist. (And fortunately bitcoin seems lousy for those purposes).
A speculative pyramid and pump-and-dump instrument?  There are plenty of ETFs that serve that purpose, such as GLD; and even stock of solid companies can be used for that.
A tool to destroy the state and create a free anarcho-libertarian society?  Yeah, sure...
@_date: 2015-09-14 19:57:35
Bitcoin needs to separate the protocol definition from the implementation, and allow multiple implementations.  
If any implementation does not agree with the formal definiton, that is a bug in the implementation, not a feature of the protocol.  If there is enough variety of implementations, forks that arise by an instance of that bug will have minority power and will not prosper.  The affected miners can then switch to an alternative implementation, permanently or until their favorite implementation is patched.  
If a bug occurs in implementations that have majority power, then there must be anyway a decision as to whether to define the bug as a feature, or to convince enough of those miners to abandon their branch.  That is exactly what would have to be done if there was a single implementation.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:26:38
If the SEC was still doing their mission, they should have tossed the bitcoin ETF requests into the trashcan without thinking twice. 
But they let Wall Street create all those wonderful derivatives and futures and default swaps and leveraged assets and unsecured instruments that led to the the 2008 collapse...
So anything is now possible, I guess. 
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:01:02


Well, sorry, no.  Believe me, I have been chooping and squeezing bitcoin data for almost 2 years.  There is no reliable information about the bitcoin economy.  Not even investors who could pay for research can tell what is really going on.
@_date: 2015-04-28 03:42:57


That is why you will be downvoted for sure... 8-P
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:55:20
But the whole point of hardware wallets was that you could do precisely that...
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:11:41


Spending or selling bitcoins are the same thing for the purpose of this discussion, just as earning or buying.  If you ecchange 1 BTC for a laptop worth $5700, it is the same as if you sold the 1 BTC for $5700 and bought the laptop with the money.
Then that is the point: you can only make a profit when you sell your bitcoins.  But it is mathematically impossible for every bitcoin "investor" to make a profit.  As a whole, they **will** lose billions.  Why do you think that you will be among the few winners, rather than the million losers?  (Unless you have already sold enough bitcoin to recover all your investment, and resist the temptation to buy more.)
@_date: 2015-09-12 06:22:22


Well, again: THANK GOD that those who think that the fee market will be cool are developing bitcoin rather than sewer systems... 8D 8P


You keep missing the point.  All businesses -- restaurants, utilities, car makers, airlines, bus lines -- set their prices according to demand and supply, to a level that will cover the costs plus some profit.  ***But they do that by fixing the price in advance, telling clients what the price is for each service, delivering the service to each client who paid for it, and serving clients as promptly as possible, first-come-first-serve to the extent possible.***   They **do not** run the running auction that the "fee market" is supposed to use, because that would be **fucking stupid** in many ways.
@_date: 2015-09-16 18:17:34
Hm, but doesn't filtering by that criterion break Luke's child-pays-for-parent feature (IIUC, a low-fee transaction gets pulled to the front of the queue if one of its outputs is input to a high-fee trasaction issued later).
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:24:52


Right.  Just as Madoff's black hole was getting worse, not better, as the price of its shares rose and rose.
@_date: 2015-09-09 01:48:03


As I said, there has **NEVER** been any service anywhere in the world that set prices in the way that the "fee market" is supposed to work -- have customers wait for undeterminate amount of time, bidding against each other for service in a bizarre auction.  For a good reason: because it **obviously** would not work.  Anyone with an ounce of business sense will tell you that the idea is totally stupid, in at least six diferent dimensions of stupidity.  
If you have a monopoly position, and you want to increase your revenue, you raise your price to the optimal value, but deliver promptly what you sell.  You don't restrict the ship-out rate and have clients bid against each other for priority in the queue, in a vain attempt to get prompt delivery.
Why does Blockstream insist in this crazy plan? My guess is that it is a consequence of their libertarian religon, which incudes bizarre economic postulates, including a completely bogus concept of "free market".  Sorry, but the "fee market" will not be a free market at all; it will be almost the exact opposite of one...
@_date: 2015-09-15 20:41:10
Because the miners can blackmail the nodes -- pay our fees of you will not be able to settle your payment channels before they expire.
(If the LN ever gets deployed and used, of course.)
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:26:47
This is neat, advice on how to sidestep Coinbase's anti-money-laundering checks.  I wonder, is there a subreddit where people discuss methods to fool the IRS, or which banks are best targets for armed robbery?
@_date: 2015-04-22 18:31:48


Not at all, the miners have no control on the price (other than contributing with 9%/year to the price drop).   The miners cannot force anyone to buy the bitcoins that they mine for a price that would be profitable for them. If the price fell to 5 $/BTC, practically all of them would have to close shop and write off their unpaid investments as losses.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:05:22
Anyone who sets out to design a voting system should start by listing the essential requirements that a voting system must have.  These are well known, and can be found in many technical papers and panel findings out there.  From them it follows immediately that voting cannot be done remotely, or using any voter-owned equipment, no matter what the technology.  Anyone who sets out to design a system to do such things obviously has not read a single page of a technical paper about voting technology and has no idea of what a secure election is.  He is like a guy who sets out to develop a water-powered car, or a spaceship to land on the sun.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:59:05
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:19:35
Not now, of course; but in the first months the network was only a handful of people and their PCs.
As I wrote elsewhere on this thread, those early collaborators probably trusted Satoshi; however, to achieve the project's goal, it was important to remove the need to trust him, even in that early phase.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:38:41
But South Africa and Argentina are in Europe, aren't they?  
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:03:21
Like there being a iceberg right ahead?
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:21:37
ETH and MIT surely don't.  Most of the other organizations surely have some opinion.
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:09:44
I always see OpenBazaar mentioned in discussions of dark markets and their closures. I never see it mentioned in the context of legal e-commerce.  So I would think that the tacit motivation of the project is illegal trade, even if it won't really work for it.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:55:35
I met a guy once who was doing is Ph. D. on the language of an extinct US native tribe.  The only surviving samples of that language were small stories and conversations collected by a Bureau of Indian Affairs clerk more than 100 years ago.  The stories were originally typed on paper and kept at the BIA.  Much later, perhaps in the 1950s, someone transcribed the typed documents to a file cabinet full of punched cards, after which most of the typed sheets were lost.  Then the punched cards were copied to magnetic tape a couple of decades later, and the punched cards were lost too.  The guy was working with disk images of those tapes.  (One of my finest moments was when I helped him correct many character errors that were due to the card reader skipping a hole, by telling him that e.g. '3' must have been  'D' or 'N' or 'X', etc..)
@_date: 2015-09-07 19:37:37
You are right: I suppose that he waited until his newspaper had a vaguely suitable headline before he started mining *the*  bitcoin blockchain.
By the way, "bank bailouts" do not imply debasing the currency.  
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:01:37
If bitcoin collapses, many investors who lost money will be furious, will scream "ponzi", and will search for someone to sue.  
Now let's see, who created that "ponzi"?
There are many other possible explanations for his anonimity, but this seems sufficient too...
@_date: 2015-04-27 23:16:06
Because there are snake oil salesmen telling common folk to invest real money into it, with promises that it will "go to the moon" and assurance that it cannot fail because it is "secured by math".   Given that I believe that those promises and assurances are false, why should I shut up and  let them get away with it?
@_date: 2015-04-28 06:01:57
An arbitrager is someone who buys something in one market and sells it in another where the price is higher.
There are arbitragers acting among all bitcoin exchanges, and they are almost certainly "robots" -- scripts that monitor the prices at two exchanges, and buy and sell automatically, within tens of seconds, when the difference is favorable.  
The action of arbitragers will raise the price on the lower-priced market and lower it on the higher-priced market, until the difference is too small to exploit.  For that reason, prices generally seem to walk in step at all exchanges.   
However, when there is a large price jump in just one exchange (as hapened now), arbitragers may be unable to follow it immediately.  In that case one may sometimes see delays of a minute or two between the orginal event and its "echos" in the other exchanges.
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:21:59
If bitcoin was really good business for merchants, they would come to BitPay by themselves, there would be no need to spam them or waste their time with personal pitches.
I have yet to see a testimonial by a merchant saying that "accepting bitcoin" resulted in increased or significant revenue.  On the other hand, I have seen many testimonals of merchants saying that bitcon sales were disappointing (yes, Overstock incldues), usually not worth the cost of training their staff to handle them; and even some (like Mozilla) who ran A/B tests and concluded that they got *less* revenue when they gave customers the option to pay with bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:18:11


Said slightly differently: until mid-2014 people were still expecting another bigger bubble in the price, and VC investors bet on that expectation.
@_date: 2015-04-21 14:28:58
Yes, "operate in the US" in the sense "having customers in the US".
@_date: 2015-04-24 12:21:26
They have their own exchange, but it was not working last time I checked.
However, I gather that, for a not too excessive fee, you can become a LEOcoin agent, and then you may earn big money by recruiting more agents.  Better hurry, before the coin starts trading for real. /sarcasm
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:24:32
How much bitcoin do you expect that Factom will destroy per year?
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:14:37


Make that 450 kB/block average, and note that the capacity is only 750 kB/block (measured during the recent stress tests).
@_date: 2015-09-04 14:44:28


But why would they reject the cartel's coin, rather than the rebel's one?
For an exchange, catering to only one coin means less trading and therefore less revenue than catering to both coins.  Not to mention that carrying both coins it would attract all clients who intend to trade on both at the same time.  (I suspect that Coinbase and Circle do not carry Litecoin and Dogecoin only because some of their investors are heavily invested on Bitcoin specifically, and would rather see Bitcoin keep its value than see those exchanges make more money by trading the altcoins too.)
@_date: 2015-09-15 13:55:51
The reason the issue is contentious today is only that Blockstream, who controls the Core implementation, had made plans for bitcoin (since even before it was incorporated) that included a "fee market" created by scarcity of block space, in turn created by the 1 MB block size limit.   If it weren't for those plans, the limit would have been lifted long ago.
@_date: 2015-09-18 01:33:31
Phishing risk?
@_date: 2015-04-22 13:29:39
Gee, does it bother you that much?  Why?
@_date: 2015-09-02 00:19:43
Computer science.
@_date: 2015-09-15 01:29:46
@_date: 2015-09-12 02:25:41
Higways, sewers, and railroads have in common that they exist to carry some continuous flow of things, and have a maximum capacity.  The people who design them know that, to the extent that their construction budget allows, they must ensure that the capacity is higher than the expected flow, by a safe factor, at all times.  They know that, as soon as the flow exceeds the capacity, the system will break down, it will stop doing what it was built to do.  It will be just as broken as plane that doesn't fly, a boat that does not float, a computer that does not boot, a Norwegian parrot that does not talk....  
Such congested systems fail in the same general way, that includes inherently unpredictable delays, unbounded and growing backlogs, etc..  
Bitcoin exists to process transactions that users issue.  It has a natural capacity, which no one knows what it is but surely is 10 times today's traffic or more (that is, more than a million transactions per day, or more than 4 MB every 10 minutes).  Some non-mining nodes may not be able to afford such load; but many nodes could not afford even half of today's load, and have shut down.  
But bitcoin has a much lower, artificial limit on its capacity, created by the bock size limit.  We know that to be 0.750 MB every 10 minutes, from the recent stress tests. 
Like those other systems, if the traffic ever gets above capacity, the bitcon network will break.  The "fee market" can only exist if, and while, the bitcoin network gets congested, with more incoming traffic than it can process.  Otherwise, every tranaction would be processed in the next 1--3 blocks, even if it paid minimum fee.
In a congested situation, the bitcoin network will behave like those other networks: the delays will suddenly become long and unpredictable, there wil lbe a growing backlog of unprocessed traffic, eventually transactions will have to be dropped. Fiddling with the fees may change the order in which transactions get processed, but will not reduce the average delay by one second: every time that a client manages to reduce his waiting time by 10 minutes, other clients will see their delays increase by a total of 10 minutes.  
So, the "smart wallet" -- one that will compute the right fee to get your transaction through the backlog, and confirmed in N minutes -- is a mirage, like the Philosopher's Stone, or the Elixir of Eternal Life, or a trading algorithm that will predict the price changes of a stock.  It cannot exist, because it would have to be much smarter than itself.
I can understand that non-programmers could think that it is "just a small matter of programming".  I am totally amazed to see bitcoin developers believe in that.
@_date: 2015-09-01 21:54:39


As I wrote, if the people doing that know that they are gambling (like at a poker game), and have at least a vague idea of their real odds, fine --- they have the right to use or waste their money as they like.


No, as I wrote, I don't gamble.  I feel that it is part of my job to alert the public against swindlers who sell them things that they can't understand, telling them that it is "investment", when in fact it is gambling (with unfair odds).
@_date: 2015-09-16 03:41:27
Well, forgive me if I don't see an exit either way...
Yes, I believe that the user base is not growing, and may be shrinking, and that most of the traffic (80% perhaps) is not related to payments, or even to necessary housekeeping.  If that spurious traffic could be eliminated, the traffic would be perhaps less than 100 kB/block, and the block size limit would be less urgent.  It would still be a good idea to increase it, though, to lessen the risk of spam attacks.   
I have a proposal to try to get rid of that spurious traffic, which is to impose a significant transaction fee, say 0.001 BTC.  It would perhaps cut half or more of the spurious traffic, without inconvenencing the legit uses.  It would also provide a better incentive for miners to fill their blocks and thus improve the quality of service.  But, not surprisingly, that idea is not popular.  
So that spurious traffic is not going away, and at the present rate it will reach capacity in mid-2016.  What will happen then?  Will the congestion affect only the spurious traffic, while  the legit traffic will go through with no delay, by paying sightly higher fees? Or will the congetion affect the legit traffic too, and result in the user base shrinking even more?  It seems rather irresponsible to let that happen... for no good reason whatsoever.
But the user base and legit traffic *shoud* grow more, because there must be more people who would need bitcoin -- not to replace Paypal or Visa, but for occasional payments for which bitcoin is better.  If 1 billion people have a need for bitcoin once a year, on average, that would be 2.7 million transactions per day, or about 14 times the current capacity.  
Will bitcoin usage grow to those levels?  Not while the price continues to be volatile, unfortunately.  We can only hope that speculation will stop and the price will crash to the level predicted by usage -- which should be a lot more more stable.
The current push to increase the user base is totally wrong.  Using bitcoin through BitPay, Coinbase, or rebittance companies is like using an airplane by taxiing on the highway: it fails to use the only advantage of the thing.  No wonder it is failing.
@_date: 2015-04-16 11:26:55
Reminded me of an old cartoon in some scientific magazine.
Two depressed managers in an office, one cringing while poring through some budget ledgers, the other idly looking out of the window.
Suddenly the second says "Say Joe, I think I found out why we have not been getting any funding since we moved here."
Just outside the window, a huge sign "ACME RESERCH LABS" 
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:08:37
And do you think that there will be no buyers if the consensus rules, capacity, and fee policies are defined by a consortium of miners, rather than by Blockstream Inc?  What is the difference?
(Actually I think that the miners would be much better managers than the current devs, precisely because they have a bigger stake on the coin's value...)
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:14:39
This one may be more interesting:
@_date: 2015-04-16 13:00:19
Bitcoin was ~325 $/BTC on 2015-01-01, now (3.5 months later) it is ~225.  At this rate, it will lose ~72% of its purchase value in 2015 (250%  inflation"), and end the year at ~64 $/BTC.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:50:56
It was tried in the last Bitcoin Foundation board election.  The election had to be redone.
There are well-known requirements that any voting system, electronic or not, must satisfy in order to ensure a free, secure, and trustable election.  Several of those requirements rule out voting from home or through the internet, or letting the voter use a smartphone or any other personal device while voting.  They also exclude any system whose security is not evident to every voter, even those who know nothing about computers.
@_date: 2015-09-10 17:13:27


I believe that if a 0.10 USD/tx fee was mandatory in the protocol, traffic would immediately drop to 10% of its present value, the congestion risk would be postponed by many years, and the block size limit would be a detail that no one cares about, again.
But I see no chance of this proposal being accepted.  It will be opposed even by the Blockstream guys who claim to be bothered by the spam traffic --- because they want the fee market at any cost, even if it is created by spam.
@_date: 2015-09-03 23:14:36


That does not have much to do with block size, but with the way miners share information about newly mined blocks.


AFAIK they are doing it in parallel once they get the block's contents; but they often succeed in mining an empty block before they receive the parent's block contents.  That is usually not a problem because it is their interest to only share valid blocks, even with their competitors.  It became a problem last July only because the devs bungled the BIP66 fork. 


What is the point of making it easier to run a client, while reducing the capacity of the network so that it cannot support even the current clients?
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:25:17


He never was a bitcoin supporter.   (No, Microsoft never acepted bitcoins.  They only agreed to accept dollars from bitcoiners too, through BitPay.  When BitPay gave them the option to accept dollars or bitcoins, they chose dollars.)
@_date: 2015-04-25 14:48:54
I understand that, if a miner tries all 32-bit possible nonces without success, he can change other parts of the header to keep trying.  How many variable bits are there besides the nonce? 
@_date: 2015-04-06 00:01:21
The trust will be incorporated in the US, presumably, right?
I don't know how it is in the US, but based on other jurisdictions I would guess that a foundation or trust fund of that kind must have (a) bylaws stating the fund's mission and internal rules, (b) a governing board with some minimum number of members, **that have no personal financial interest in the fund** other than travel expenses for meeting.  Only the board can change the bylaws to some extent, elect replacement members, and hire staff; the paid staff cannot have any seat on the board or vote.  These provisions are intended to prevent the board and/or the staff from pocketing the funds that were provided for the trust's mission.  Down here, trusts and foundations must report to a special branch of the General Attorney Office for overseeing.  Is this the case in the US too?
@_date: 2015-09-09 01:58:10


Since it is arbitrary, and it was set for a completely different purpose, it is almost 100% certain that it will be the wrong value.  
If Blockstream wants to make this hugely radical change to bitcoin -- from an uncongested network to a congested one, with an artificial capacity cap and a "fee market" -- the least they should do is provide some justification of why the cap should be 1 MB, and not 8 MB or 120 kB.
Their demand that the big-blockians do extensive tests, in order to prove the safety of keeping bitcoin as it has always been, is incredibly dishonest.  Frankly, how can you bitcoiners accept the idea of that company being in control of the protocol? 
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:50:46
I am half joking, but the idea was that the users would have to prove that the coins were alive, not the other way around.  The users would have to move their cold storage to new addresses before that.  Yes, paying fees on that, why not?
I don't know exactly what it the policy of banks about old accounts that have not been moved for ages.  Perhaps there are countries where they have a similar policy (but with a longer holding period, of course). 
@_date: 2015-04-03 16:34:17
That was not a very clever idea...  
And what about the failure to replace the firmware, reported by the OP?
@_date: 2015-04-07 14:49:03
Bitcoin developers, take example from Satoshi.  If you want to solve a practical problem, you first study the problem until you understand what are the requirements, then you design a solution that fits those requirements.  You don't start by choosing a solution, then try to make it solve a problem that you dont understand.
There are hundreds of technical articles and reports out there about voting systems, but the basic requirements are easy to find; they fit in one page.  Two or three of those requirements totally rule out voting from home, voting through the internet, or using voter's devices to vote.  They also rule out systems that only scientists can understand and trust.  And a  few other things that seem ridiculous, but are obvious after you read them.  
In the literature you will also find tons of studies of real working voting systems, and how well or badly they meet those goals -- not in theory, but in actual elections.
So, please, you can forget about blockchain-based voting, it is inherently a bad idea.  Try blockchain-based neurosurgery or blockchain-based piano playing, they may perhaps work out.
@_date: 2015-04-11 04:33:36
Thousands of Chinese amateur commodity traders discovered Bitcoin, first at BTC-China in Shaghai, then at Huobi, OKCoin and other exchanges in Beijing.  I would guess that those Chinese day-traders bought 1-2 million BTC from the West in 2013.  That Chinese demand, amplified by speculation, caused the price rally of Nov/2013, and maybe also  that of Apr/2013.  ("Willy" was not the cause; my guess is that it was just stealing coins from MyGOX clients to sell them in Chine.)  
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:46:14


Why would 75% of all bitcoin users and companies choose to use the puny rebel altcoin, rather than the one with the full network -- which is supposed to be THE advantage of bitcoin over the other altcoins?
In fact they don't have to choose.  If the mining cartel does the right thing, the transactions, blocks, and wallets of each coin will be totally invalid for the other coin.  Then each client can move his coins independently in each chain, and exchanges can carry both as if they were two independent altcoins.  For exchanges, the last option seem moer profitable than carrying only one of the two coins.  
That is, there will be no such thing as "75% of the clients joining the rebels". Rather, 100% of the clients will get both coins to play with.
@_date: 2015-09-07 03:23:16


In the "fee market", the network is continuously on the brink of saturation, and users are competing *against each other* for space on the blocks, by raising their fees.  That situation has not happened yet and has not been simulated.  
(The stress tests were not a preview of the fee market, because the legit traffic was still the usual 450 kB/block, and all the spam was using a fixed low fee F0; so clients who knew what was going on had only to pay slightly more than F0, and they will go through as if the backlog wasn't there. )
(However, the stress tests *did* delay many thousands of legit trasnactions whose owners were unaware f the stress test and did not know how, care, or were able to raise their fees.   No one has tried to estimate how many users bitcoin lost in these two months because of the stress tests.  The tests seem to have had a negative effect on the number of transactions per day, but it is too early to be sure.  But why would the Blockstream devs care about users?) 


Since the Blockstream devs have decided that the network should become congested and there should be a fee market, one expects that they woudl have at least a vague idea of what the consequences will be. 
It seems that the Blockstream devs do not even understand that a pilot should try to find out whether he has enough fuel, *before* he takes off.  However it seems also that there are many bitcoiners who do not understand that the pilot must do that, and have boarded the plane all the same... 


You don't get it.  The fees that will result from the "fee market" obviously depend on the max block size.  The fees will be different if the max block size is 1 MB, 0.5 MB, or 1.5 MB.   Whoever defines the block size limit will define the fees.  So,  even with the "fee market", THE FEES WILL BE ARTIFICIALLY DEFINED BY SOME EXTERNAL ENTITY -- NOT "NATURALLY".
@_date: 2015-09-16 23:46:39


Neither of those were goals; at best they were consequences of the goal.  The first is not entirely true at the moment, because the miners are centralized and have policy-setting power. (You will deny that, I presume.  I have discussed that many times; let's just disagree.)  The second one was a mistake, whose consequences are harming the original goal.  


Well, it does not look like the bitcoin system as it is can do that at the moment.


As a late thought, in response to someone who suggested that.  Well, speculation based on that hope has became the biggest problem of bitcoin today.
@_date: 2015-04-18 16:12:24
OK, but, as I wrote in the other comment, many years before bitcoin there were *digital cash* systems based on signatures, that allowed one to collect and own virtual money, not just signatures and documents.
@_date: 2015-04-01 13:00:02


Yes but the second explains the first.  One could say that 9/11 helped make air travel safer; but the terrorists do not deserve cookie points for that.


It was "without the need for a trusted intermediary".  It was never a goal that transfers should be outside the reach and constraints of the law.
@_date: 2015-04-26 23:37:35
This may be truer than it sounds.  In Mainland China there were not many opportunities for small investors to play the stock market, so there appeared an army of amateur commodity traders who passionately day-traded things like fermented tea and garlic.  When bitcoin became available in Mainland China, starting in mid-2013, those traders switched en masse to it, because its much higher volatility made day-trading much more "productive".  That was the cause fo the Nov/2013 bubble.
After the Central Bank prohibited the use of bitcon for e-commerce, those day-traders continued playing with it inside the exchanegs, but slowly began to lose interest.  Then, some months ago, the Chinese stock market became more accessibel to those folks. That accelerated the drop, as many sold their bitcoins to get into stocks.
@_date: 2015-09-14 14:50:17
Apparently there was [an embarassing incident]( in the morning session of day 2.  But that morning session is still up.
@_date: 2015-09-05 14:03:48
OK, lets be more specific.  Some changes that the MM could decide to implement:
(a) Increase the block size limit to 20 MB, starting 2015-11-15. 
(b)  Raise the minimum per-transaction fee and minimum output value to 0.002 BTC (~0.50 USD).
(c) Impose a minimum transaction fee of 0.25% of the total output value, excluding any obvious return-change outputs.  
(c) Postpone the next block reward halving by 2 years, but (promise to) shorten the subsequent halving periods to 1 year so as to preserve the 21 million total issuance, to be reached even earlier than under the current plan.
The EM may be uneasy about any of these changes for various reasons, in various degrees; the devs will be incensed; and the 500 readers of this subreddit will break their caps lock keys debating the issues and saying bad things about the miners' mothers.  But I believe that the EM will submit in the end, and even defend the changes in public as being Good for Bitcoin, for marketing reasons.
Change (a) will have litle impact on the EM businesses; any EM fears may be vague and ideological, and the devs' objections will be mostly due to bruoused egos and power loss.  (BIP100 is in fact a way for everybody to give the miners the power to decide the block size issue, while pretending that it is the devs who have that power.)
As for (b) and (c), note that the MM can do this already, without changing the 'consensus rules' explicitly; even though those changes are effectively a "hard fork" that would require upgrading client software too.  The MM can enforce that rule by ignoring and orphaning any block mined by other miners that includes transactions that pay less that those fees.  
By the way, note that the current cost of the network, per transaction, is currently ~8 USD/tx or 2% of the total output (minus return change), or any combination of the two.  So the fees of (b) and (c) cannot be regarded as abusive, at all.
Change (b) will have a direct negative effect only on a few "parasitic" companies (like Factom and SatoshiDice) but relatively little effect on the most important ones (BitPay, Coinbase, the exchanges).  A fee of 0.50 USD is not significant for typical e-commerce purchases. At most there may be an image impact for those companies that advertised "no fees".   Sorry, but I don't see the EM pressing the "red button" because of (b).
Change (c) has a bigger impact on the EM, including the exchanges and payment processors.  It will also be disliked by the holders.  But the damage to the EM that would be cause by a "red button" reaction will be much worse than (c) itself. So, again, I am pretty confident that the EM and the holders would choose to submit and publicly approve the change.
Change (d) is much more risky for the miners, but also has the highest payoff (more than 100 million dollars of extra revenue over the next 2 years, at no extra cost.) If the price drops any further over the next year, (d) may even be their only hope to escape bankruptcy.  Although the change has no direct impact on the EM businesses, it may scare many people for being a change in the "fundamentals" (even though, objectively, it is a change from a totally arbitrary schedule to another arbitrary schedule).  It would require a well-planned and wwell-financed PR campaign, "bribing" some key personas, etc..  But, combined with the capability that the MM has of starving any non-conforming miner and blocking the coins of any non-conforming client, I bet the MM could do (d), and the EM will go along.
@_date: 2015-09-07 04:00:10
It is only a LIMIT, that has not had any effect until the recent stress tests (which showed one reason why it shudl be raised).  Raising it to 8 MB or 20 MB would not be "sudden change", in fact it will be no change at all; it will only alow gradual change to continue past 2016.
 &gt; it would be great if you officially submit your BIP via the official avenue
I don't think that it has any chance of it being approved.   If anyone thinks that it has, and likes it, he should so it... 
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:35:37
I doubt that they are really trying to push their wallet.  It feels like a cover story.  
It is hard to ignore the "test" this time since their spam is paying 0.45 mBTC/kB.  People must be aware of that, and must pay more than that if they want their trasnactions to get through.
As long as the spammers don't start to increase their fees, too...
@_date: 2015-04-09 08:33:20
Yes, the fact that the miners are being paid by the new investors, instead of by the actual users, is economic horsehit.  Bitcoin is not competitive on its own; it appears to be competitive because of hidden subsidies from people who are unaware of them.
@_date: 2015-04-12 14:17:07
The Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation has contributed significantly to the negative image of bitcoin among the public.  (By the way, is Sergei Mavrodi's MMM still a member?)
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:52:43
It is unlikely that all miners will stop mining.  Even if the price goes to exactly zero, surely there will be people mining for sentimental reasons.
On the other hand, if the price were to drop from the current ~200 $/BTC to ~20 $/BTC, the revenue of the miners as a whole would drop by 90%.  It is rumoured that most miners today have relatively narrow profit margins.  If that is the case, then about 80-90% of the mining equipment currently active would have to be shut down.  Miners who have yet to pay off their equipment may go bankrupt.
If the price drop happens gradually, the difficulty would automatcally adjust so that the block rate and confirmation delay would remain  practically the same.  There would be an increased risk of "majority attack": if 90% of today's hashpower is turned off, then anyone who owns, acquires, or hires 20% of that idle equipment could easily overwhelm the surviving 10%.
If 90% of the miners *suddenly* stopped mining, then the block rate would drop to 1 every 100 minutes.  Since the difficulty gets adjusted only every ˜2000 blocks the next adjustment may come only 20 weeks later, instead of 2 weeks.  Moreover, the difficulty is adjusted at most by a factor of 4 each time, so that the block rate would still be 1 every 25 minutes for another 5 weeks.  Until the difficulty got adjusted, the total daily revenue available to miners would be reduced by 90%, on top of any reduction due to falling price.  Even if 90% of the miners closed shop, the revenue of the surviving miners would still be 90% less than before; so it could be that *almost all* of them go out of business, not .  I.e., a *sudden* drop of 90% in the price could cause a much larger drop in the total daily revenue of the miners, and therefore similar drop in the block rate.  Then presumably the price would fall even further, causing a chain reaction.
@_date: 2015-04-17 08:10:56
The owners of "mature" BIT shares (who bought them 12 months ago or earlier)  still cannot sell them because they need to receive some certificates or whatever.  The process of sending them those certificates started after the fund showed up on the OTCQX listing, and should be completed in less than Two Weeks^TM .  
Those bids listed on the OTCQX page (all for 100 shares each, ie. 10 BTC) may be just symbolic.  Each level-2 broker may have entered a minimal bid just to have their name listed on that page, "you can buy from me too".
Actually, there has been practically no net investment in BIT since May/2014, so most of the ~1.4 million shares (~140'000 BTC) out there must be mature by now.
@_date: 2015-04-13 13:24:06
Gee, you think it could be?
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:16:53
They could say "there is an ongoing law enforcement investigation and we can't speak on it".
@_date: 2015-04-06 22:11:07
The blockchain distribution above gives an apparently reliable upper bound: ***at most*** 725'000 people own 100$ or more in bitcoins.  AFAIK there is no public data that would yield a lower bound ("***at least***  XXX people own $100 of more").  
@_date: 2015-04-23 16:01:30
In another Two Weeks^TM.
@_date: 2015-04-25 15:16:39
If he can change less than 256 bits, then it could happen that all possible values give a hash that starts will '1'.  More generally, if the difficulty setting requires k zeros at the start, and there are k bits in the header that he cannot change, then it is possible that none of his possible choices will yield a valid hash.  
@_date: 2015-04-01 05:27:35
Their goal was not to help bitcoin, it was to make money by selling drugs.  They used bitcoin because it served them to reach that goal.
The goal of the bitcoin project definitely was *not* to build a tool for illegal commerce.  By making drug traffic the main bitcoin market, Ross and Charlie gave it a bad image that is still a major obstacle to mainstream adoption.  (The disappearance of bitcoin from the St. Petersburg Bowl site may have been due to that image.)
The use and abuse of bitcoin by the drug traffickers did  boost its price, but that too was a bad thing.  The goal of the project was *not* to be a get-rich-quick scheme for a few lucky guys.  The price increased too fast too soon, which attracted speculators and encouraged hoarding; and that boosted the price even more.  The high price meant that miners started to receive an absurdly high reward per block; those rewards today drain almost 1 million dollars per day from the bitcoin economy.  That absurdly high reward led to an absurdly large and highly risky mining industry.
The price is still at an unsustainable level, 20-50 times higher than what it should be, given the current level of legal e-commerce.  That is basically the reason why it has been tanking for the last 16 months, bringing distress and even financial ruin to many people.  A high price does not make bitcoin more suitable for its intended purpose.
@_date: 2015-04-28 17:36:13
That price chart may be holding back adoption for e-payments, but the 2-year price chart is what is holding back investment in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-11 11:56:53
Using bitcoin for remittance has several costs: (1) the bitcoin exchanges take fees to convert USD to BTC and BTC to pesos; (2) the limited liquidity of the market at the receiving end may force the receiver to sell the BTC below the local market price; (3) the market price at the receiving end may be consistently lower than at the sending end because of the flow of BTC and lower acceptance by local merchants.
Moreover, there is considerable risk of loss because of the extreme volatility of the BTC price.  If a sender bought 1 BTC yesterday, he would have paid 245 USD, but the receiver today would find that it is worth only 235 -- almost 5% less.  Given the 15 month long decline of the price, the volatility is more likely to run against the clients than in their favor.  
Moreover, the effects of gains and losses are not symmetrical: the client who loses 5% through your service would be very angry at you, whereas the client who gets 5% bonus may not even say thanks...  
@_date: 2015-09-12 14:30:12


The "fee market" will be a crazy massive auction where a batch of a couple thousand items are sold at random times to the highest bidders, even while hundreds of new bidders are coming in every minute, at a varying rate, and all the bidders are trying to outguess each other.  A smart wallet algorithm cannot work, for the same reason that there is no algorithm that will give the optimum bid for the USMS auction, or that will do better than coin tossing at day-trading: it would have to be smarter than itself...


You are talking about radically changing the way that a large fraction of users -- the important ones, those who want to pay for things -- will interact with the system.  It is not some obscure new mult-frobnicating-scriptsig_opcode that only interested users will need to know about.  So, **WHERE IS THE BIP FOR THAT**?
@_date: 2015-09-11 23:13:15
Why do you say so?  
The protocol itself is not that complicated: all the key ideas are in that short whitepaper.  Once the theoretical design was complete, the code was not that complicated to write.  Its complexity is nowhere near that of a C compiler, a PDF interpreter, a CAD editor...
@_date: 2015-09-14 17:48:43
Actually, the misconception that "bitcoin is unique because everybody has to follow the same protcol" is one of the problems that needs to be solved.   
@_date: 2015-09-04 03:40:05
No, it was some unknown percentage -- maybe a lot more than 50% -- relying on "hash stealing" (or "SPV mining"), to get the hash of the parent block B(N) via stratum before even the header of that block made it out to the network; and mining an empty block B(N+1) on top of that.  
The only alternative for the "thief" would be to ignore the "victim"'s  B(N) and continue mining his own block B'(N) until he can download and check B(N).  But that would be almost certainly a waste of hashpower.  
If the "thief" solves the empty B(N+1) before he gets to download the body of B(N) then he of course must post that empty block and start mining B(N+2) on top of that. 
You cannot say that the miners are "bad guys" if they don't behave as you would like.  They don't have any obligation to behave this way or that way.  They may run any code they want and output any block that they want.  The protocol is supposed to work when the miners do whatever they think is more profitable for them.  If mining without verification increases their expected revenue, then that is what they should do. If that breaks bitcoin, it is the protocol that is at fault, not the miners.
Hash stealing is actually pretty safe in ordinary situations, because the "victim" pool cannot afford to send the hash of an invalid block to its members.  In fact, it is in the interest of the "victim" that its competitors start mining on top of its own blocks.  So it is a pretty safe bet for the "thief" that the block B(N) is valid, and therefore the best strategy for him is to start mining B(N+1) on top of it even without verifying it.   The risk that the "victim" is running buggy code that created an invalid B(N) is too small to count. 
But this optimization failed on that day because the victim was running an out-of-date version and posted an invalid block, without meaning to.   


I agree that blockchain voting, for any purpose, is a bad idea -- but because there is no way of knowing what the version bits in the blocks really mean.  With or without version bits, there is no way to tell which rules a miner actually checked and followed when it posts a solved block  The other players can only check whether the block is valid by their own rules; but that does not tell them whether the next block solved by that miner will be.   
In other words, there is no automatic way to determine compliance to some set of rules.  To make sure that a majority of the miners will implement (or not) some change, there is no better way than contacting them and getting their commitment.  They may lie, and doing that requires trust; but blockchain voting has the same problems, only worse. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 11:24:50
Oh, I am not talking about XT vs Core, but about whatever the mining majority (MM) may choose vs whatever the "economic majority" (EM) would like...
My point is that is the MM ever decided to make some change to the protocol that did not immediately make bitcoin worthless (like changing the max block size, or postponing the next halving by 2 years), the EM would submit and even defend the change, out of self-interest; even if they hated it.  If some rebels tried the "big red button" defense -- change the PoW algorithm to make ASICs useless -- I bet that the EM would still choose to submit to the MM rather than go with the rebels.
As for the block size issue, the MM seems to nderstand the need for bigger blocks, but they never liked the idea of (ostensibly) using a software that was not "official".  I suspect that they may end up using a private copy of the code with some 8 MB patch.
@_date: 2015-04-27 03:47:51
A mistake may be the most likely explanation, but I can think of several other, more worrisome.  Like someone trying to incriminate your friend by sending him some criminally tainted coins (stolen, ransom, drug payments)...
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:01:59
As I commented in a post just before this one:




@_date: 2015-04-17 06:35:03
Not clear... it could be also large miners paying their utility bills.
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:58:15
of 
of 
code 
is 
a 
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:52:00
Did you mean N**a**vona and pizz**eri**a?
@_date: 2015-04-26 07:10:58
Bitcoin is actually an anachronism.
In the 1980s internet applications and protocols were developed mostly by universities, which are extremely keen on their independence and would never accept a central authority with control on their communications.  Therefore it was assumed without questioning that a good solution to any problem was a decentralized one.  You can see that in telnet, SMPT (e-mail), FTP, USENET News (distributed forum) etc..
But today no one cares about decentralization except a few loonies and radicals.  Satoshi probably acquired his views on computing in an university context, in the 1980s or at most in the early 1990s.  Today, people see no problem in handing over all their e-mail to GMail, all their files to Dropbox, all their programs to Github or Sourceforge, all their social contacts to Facebook, all their smallchat to Twitter and Whatsapp...  No wonder bitcoin is not finding any appeal among those people...
@_date: 2015-09-14 21:03:19
That is the point: it cannot be a reference code.  (1) the code can have bugs; (2) the code (and its maintainers) is a centralized authority.  
@_date: 2015-09-07 21:25:03


So you mean that he had no choice -- any headline that he picked would have been about the crisis? ;-)
@_date: 2015-09-17 13:04:01
On the road to St Pranks I met a company with nine banks.  Each bank had nine ads, each ad had nine shills, each shill posted nine times to Banks, ads, shills, and posts, how many times this news was posted to @_date: 2015-09-09 03:09:28


Well, thanks for confirming my impression.  
Would you not consider for a moment the possibility that bitcoin will be a failure, if those who were supposed to use it cannot use it for the purpose that it was created for -- which is the *only* reason that justifies its existence?
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:17:24
OK, sorry.
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:25:35
Yeah, the inconsistent timestamps make yet another victim...
@_date: 2015-04-27 23:00:05
That is a different question, more complicated. 
There have been charges brought against scammers who defrauded people from their bitcoins by false promises, such as PirateAt40.  I wonder whether there has been a case yet of someone being charged with bitcoin theft proper -- i.e. using someone else's key to take his coins.
If the key was obtained by hacking into the victim's computer, that may be prosecuted under generic cybercrime laws.  But if the key was generated by a faulty algorithm?  Hmm...
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:59:58
Comparing the plots we see that the number of new sbscriptions *increased* from the usual 100 to 500 per day in the recent days, while the net number of subscribers only grew ~50 per day (except those 2 days).   The explanation of those numbers is left as an exercise to the reader.
@_date: 2015-09-10 17:17:07


No, there is not that understanding at all.  The block size limit was never intended to create artificial scarcity of block space.  Bitcoin was not designed to operate in congestion state, and it would be much worse than it is already if that happened.  
The limit exists as a safety measure against certain attacks.  During normal operations, it should not have any effect at all.
@_date: 2015-09-19 00:45:01
Does anyone know how exactly BitRuble will be "similar to bitcoin"?
Judging by the name and issuer, it may not be a currency, but just an e-payment system run by the government (like Ecuador's Diñero Electrónico), using the ruble as a currency and therefore interoperating directly with banks, ATMs, cash, etc.
Are the reporters able to tell the difference between a currency and a payment system?
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:35:58


Again, "gamble" is often used metaphorically to mean "with substantial risk", in the same way that the block size dispute is called "war" and people say that they are "in love" with their car.  
But the word "gambling" has a proper non-metaphorical sense, which is what I wrote.  Picking a college option, investing in a business or stocks, lending money to someone --- none of that is really "gambling".  Playing poker, lottery, or roulette --- those things are gambling.   Betting in horses or baseball teams --- that is gambling.  Short-term speculation in stocks, forex, gold, or bitcoin --- that is gambling.  
Many day-traders think that they have special skills at predicting the short-term changes in stocks or bitcoin, just as some poker players think that they are good at guessing the hands of adversaries.  Some indeed do, but the skills of the players do not change the overall zero-sum character of gambling: for every dollar that someone wins, someone else must lose (at least) one dollar.  


A good high school, yes. And also by someone with a Ph. D. ...
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:33:15


Actually there is work going on about improving block propagation.  Google bitcoin with "Invertible Bloom filters" and "fast block propagation", should give some leads.
If the miners were all alike and equally well connected to the network, they would all build exactly the same blocks, so they would not need to communicate the block contents to each other -- just provide proof that they solved the puzzle, and the hash of the block for Merkle linking.  In reality they would build different blocks, but not totally different.  So they need to transmit much less information, in theory, than the full block contents.  Those projects above are trying to get this theory to work in practice.
The ultimate stage of optimized block propagation is for all miners to join one superpool, that assembles the next block and broadcasts its header template to everybody to hash away.  Hash stealing could be seen as a step in that direction, only that imperfect -- it results in many empty blocks, lowering the capacity of the network from 1 MB/block to ~750 kB/block.  
I suspect that, in another year perhaps, everybody will realize that having 5 pools with 70% of the power is not much better than having 1 pool with 100%; and then everyboy will give up the pretense of decentralization, and accept the 1 megapool solution... 8-/
@_date: 2015-09-16 01:34:49
Sure of what? 
Of bitcoin not replacing PayPal?  From considering its (few) advantages and (many) disadvantages.
Of the user base being small and not growing? From reading reports of  merchants about bitcon sales (small, decreasing, and mostly by believers who want to push bitcoin, rather than users who use it for its advantages).  From reading the numbers reeased by BitPay for 2014, and snooping their input wallet.  From looking at the USD value of the blockchain traffic over the last 18 months...
Of the Nov/2013 bubble being due to Chinese demand?  From articles in mainstream media at the time, by reporters on location. 
@_date: 2015-09-16 18:21:50
Great, but would someone dare to summarize the key conclusions from the conference?
@_date: 2015-09-09 11:34:47


You must have skipped over the part where the Hero has to pay for coffee with Zimbabwean dollars because the cashier does not recognize the bitč card.


The relevant part is the efforts by the Hero to guess the right feee while other passengers are doing the same.  So you still cannot see the problem, sigh...


No, I am talking about Satoshi and why bitcoin was created in the fist place.  It was not created because Peter Todd needed a toy, or to give Luke a tonal money system, or so that Barry Silbert could create a new vapor-filled fund...


It is not just that "the miners want" that.  A service whose costs are not paid by its users is economically unsustainable.  Right now the miners are supported by the Barnum process: a sucker is born every 24 minutes, and buys one mined bitcoin to hold, hoping to become a millionaire someday.  Sooner or later this source of money will run dry.  Who will then support the fabulous 400 PH/s that are supposed to be the only advantage that bitcoin has over dogecoin?
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:19:29


Well, [here is my attempt to explain it](  Sorry, but I don't now how to put it more clearly than that.  
Perhaps you know a restaurant owner who could let you test the "fee market" method with his patrons, for one evening?


Because the purpose of bitcoin is to provide a certain service to some set of users, and must eventually recover its costs from those users.  That is the premise of every business.  
Sometimes it seems that the Blockstream devs think that bitcoin exists only for them to propose BIPs with incredibly complicated mechanisms to do the most simple things.  Like increasing an arbitrary constant that, so far, has only been relevant during the stress tests -- when it caused great harm to the system, for being way too small. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 14:38:04
I guess the only disagreement is the "&gt;25% using old rules while claiming to use new, by simply flipping a version bit".  I believe that the 95% who filpped the bit **did** have software with the correct BIP66 rule, so they were not lying.  But they just skipped (necessarily) the block contents validation when mining on top of a stolen hash.
@_date: 2015-09-19 19:11:03
The "Government" does not decide whether things are commodities.  [Bitcoin is obviously a commodity](  The CFTC just noticed that someone was trading bitcoin futures without following the regulations that apply to trading futures and options of any commodity.
@_date: 2015-09-17 02:19:16
Statistical analysis of prices of speculative assets basically says that the best predictor for future prices is today's price.  A bit more precisely, that the price at ant future date will be today's price times a random factor that does not seem to depend on previous history at all, and is basically just as likely to be X as 1/X.   The uncertainty in that random factor of course increases as the date moves father into the future.
So, based on that model, the price in 2020 should be ~230 USD/BTC.  Or maybe 100 times that.  Or maybe 1/100 of that.  Who knows.
@_date: 2015-09-07 18:13:28
IIUC, a malicious signing app can compromise an address even if it is used in an isolated computer, by leaking information in the signature.  
That was one of the "favors" that Blockchain.Info's code started doing for their clients, one fine morming in Bitcoinland.
@_date: 2015-04-14 00:10:15
Bitreserve sells your bitcoins and keeps the dollars, but shows your dollar balance in BTC, is that it?
@_date: 2015-04-23 21:31:48
The FTC intervened and nominated a rReceiver to manage the company for a while, but the owners managed to get back in control (perhaps because the Receiver was charging too much for its services), on condition that they refund all customers and report monthly to the court.  In November there will be a new trial to decide their fate.  It is not known whether they will have enough revenue to stay alive.
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:58:50
Wasn't this mini-documentary published last year?  What is new?  Is anything in that video or that interview still relevant today, after the price fell almost 50%?
@_date: 2015-09-07 08:00:08


The only reason bitcoin was created was because there was no "system for peer-to-peer internet payments that did not depend on a trusted third party", and Satoshi thought that he had found a way to build one. 
The world did not need, and does not need, another speculative investment instrument, or gambling game for day traders.  It did not need, and does not need, a system for interbank settlements, a notarization service, or any of the other things that people have thought of using bitcoin for.  If bitcoin does not work as a person-to-person etc., it has no reason to exist.  


The 1 MB cap was widely known to be an anti-DoS measure that was to be lifted when needed.  The "fee market" may have been the idea of a few but was hardly an universal wish.  Blockstream taking control of the Core and using that control to force the "fee market"/"settlemetn system" idea on all bitcoiners -- that was not public at all.


It is not just arbitrary, but ***defined by some external entity.*** If I called that entity "the Central Bank of Bitcoin", would the point be clear?
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:28:16


Yo still don't get it... What are ***the rebels*** going to do without miners, BitPay, Blockchain.info and others?   Why do you think that the big services will embrace their cause and join them in their palaeolithic network?
@_date: 2015-09-15 06:59:31
There is this "(almost) the last message of the Creator to his Creation":
@_date: 2016-10-26 07:19:20
You should just ask to post again [his spam-comment about "Which fee should I use?"]( and everything will be fine.
@_date: 2016-10-16 00:12:57


But holding a bitcoin gives you nothing of the wealth that the bitcoin network may create.  Bitcoins are not shares of the network.  They are just packets of nothing, and if you hold them for 25 years they would still be packets of nothing,
And the bitcoin network has not created any significant value, quite the opposite.  It burns a million dollars a day to process less than 250'000 transactions.  The bank/card fees that users save must not even get close to pay for the losses that they incur due to volatility, fees, accidents and hacks.   It has caused thousands of people to lose maybe a billion dollars or more by luring them into the bitcoin investment ponzi.  It made it possible for ransomware hackers to extort maybe hundreds of millions of dollars, and cause much higher losses because of downtime and recovery work.   And so on...
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:07:04
Coinbase and Blockchain.info claim to have 2-3 million altogether.  However, most of those wallets must hold zero or very small amounts.
Here is the distribution of bitcoins per address in the blockchain as of there weeks ago:
    # Distribution of bitcoins by address - Block ~349400 - 2015-03-26
    # From 
    Balance             ! Num.Addresses ! % of Addresses !        Tot BTC !           Tot USD ! % of all BTC
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0 - 0.0001          |     2,427,449 |          52.76 |        378.640 |        94,190.000 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     2,427,449 |          52.76 |        378.640 |        94,190.000 |          .  
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0.001 - 0.01        |       723,988 |          15.73 |      2,628.000 |       653,675.000 |         0.02
    0.01 - 0.1          |       699,618 |          15.21 |     24,176.000 |     6,014,026.000 |         0.17
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |     1,423,606 |          30.94 |     26,804.000 |     6,667,701.000 |         0.19
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    0.1 - 1             |       381,999 |           8.30 |    130,066.000 |    32,354,831.000 |         0.93
    1 - 10              |       245,297 |           5.33 |    693,963.000 |   172,628,469.000 |         4.96
    10 - 100            |       106,744 |           2.32 |  3,723,120.000 |   926,153,499.000 |        26.63
    100 - 1,000         |        14,419 |           0.31 |  3,319,050.000 |   825,638,282.000 |        23.74
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |       748,459 |          16.26 |  7,866,199.000 | 1,956,775,081.000 |        56.26
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    1,000 - 10,000      |         1,582 |           0.03 |  3,241,634.000 |   806,380,345.000 |        23.18
    10,000 - 100,000    |           101 |            .   |  2,410,454.000 |   599,618,353.000 |        17.24
    100,000 - 1,000,000 |             3 |            .   |    436,459.000 |   108,572,365.000 |         3.12
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    SUBTOTAL            |         1,686 |           0.03 |  6,088,547.000 | 1,514,571,063.000 |        43.54
    --------------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+-------------------+-------------
    TOTAL               |     4,601,200 |          99.99 | 13,981,928.640 | 3,478,108,035.000 |        99.99
Note that there are only ~750'000 blockchain addresses with 0.1 BTC (~25 USD) or more in them.  While there is not a 1-1 correspondence between such addresses and bitcoin users, it seems that 750'000 is an optimistic upper bound for the number of active and significant users.
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:07:18
It seems that he believes that bitcoin will let people evade taxes without any risk.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:23:20


Blatant shameless lie, of course.  The returns to earlier investors come ONLY from new investors: people who buy bitcoin to increase their holdings.  There is simply no other source of money where those returns could come from.
Bitcoin was not meant to be a pyramid scam ("ponzi" in loose language), but it has been turned into one.  The sooner it collapses, the better.
@_date: 2015-09-03 17:53:08
BitPay should be applauded for releasing at least *some* real data about their processed volume.  Hwever, the numbers were quite disappointing.  IIRC, they reported 60'000 merchants and some 25 million USD of payments processed in all of 2014 (excluding mining-related payments, travel, and precious metals).  That means about 400 USD per merchant per year, or 33 USD per merchant per month.  That is the *average*; it is quite possible that half of those merchants did not get a single payment in 2014.
@_date: 2015-04-16 20:52:13
One of the best weather prediction method is "tomorrow the weather will be like today's".  Meteorologists are hard pressed to improve on that, they only get a few percent more accuracy.
In stock price forecasting, the best TA seems to be "the price N days from now will be the same as today".  To improve on that you may look for a general trend, but there is the question of choosing the timescale to compute the trend.  Too short, and the trend is messed up by random noise.  Too long, and it takes into account data that has no relevance anymore.  (What could the events of 2010 have to do with the price next year?  Whatever forces were acting then are no longer acting now...)
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:07:18


Indeed, it would not be a remittance company at all.
@_date: 2015-04-27 01:20:55
For a spoof article, it is pretty weak...  
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:30:05
Could you post a link to an article somewhere?
@_date: 2015-04-29 10:25:02


Because they don't need the extra step of going through bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-04-29 06:13:12
It is easy to tell them apart.  Jeff Garz**I**k wears a goatee on his ch**I**n.  Josh Garz**A** wears a goatee on his he**A**d.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:59:52
The newspaper quote serves that purpose.  Without it, he could have mined the genesis block many months before posting it, and mined a chain thousands of blocks long hanging from it.
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:01:41


That is the common consensus of the "experts", but it relies on assumptions about how humans will react to ill-specified events -- assumptions that I find incompatible with historical reactions in other similar contexts.  
@_date: 2015-04-02 02:56:28
Kudos for standing up for freedom of speech, but YOU MUST CONSULT A LAWYER.  You seriously risk going to jail for contempt of court (Art. 330 Código Penal Brasileiro).  By announcing to the world that you have hidden your money you are making the contempt explicit.
@_date: 2016-10-16 01:59:36


Please read more carefully.  There were attacks in the second half of 2015, when demand was still below the capacity.  Demand just kept growing at the normal rate, and 6 months ago or more demand hit the effective capacity.  Can you understand that?
In the last 6 months, **that normal growth stopped.** That is not "attacks have stopped".  Don't try to deny the obvious.
And there is no evidence of those "attacks".  If there were any attacks now, even smaller than those of 2015, we would have backlogs lasting several months; not just a couple of weeks, like in 2015.
@_date: 2015-04-21 05:20:50
I gather that, in the end, the BitLicense was not very helpful.  But did it make it harder to set up an exchange or similar business?  Is there an analysis that tells how?
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:29:19
The part starting with "Presumably" seems to be entirely a presumablization of the reporter.  Another article I read did not say that.  I understood that they will allow charities that received bitcoins to sell them on a selected exchange and withdraw the GBP into their Barclays account.
@_date: 2015-09-15 15:47:30
A limit is needed for programming reasons and to prevent "big bad block" attacks -- a miner creating (by malice or accident) a block so large that some of the other miners, relay nodes, or clients cannot handle it.  Then those player would be unable to process the blockchain.  
So there will be some limit, and it would have to be lifted at least every few years as all players get bigger memories and more bandwidth, CPU power, etc..  
A limit that is 50-100 times the current average block size (as Satoshi and other devs did in 2010) should be small enough to prevent "big bad block" attacks but large enough to prevent congestion even at peak traffic times, and to discourage spam attacks (where the attacker tries to delay normal traffic by issuing a large number of transactions with slightly higer fees).  The current average block size being 0.450 MB, that would mean a limit of 25--50 MB or so.
@_date: 2015-04-29 04:15:37


It dropped 25% over the last month... most people would not consider that 'stable'.
The problem with your analysis is that, besides the 3600 BTC/day generated by the miners, there is also an unknow number of BTC/day that are sold of spent by older investors.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 02:11:58
One factor is he 3600 BTC mined each day (which, given the current prices, must be almost entirely sold on the market).  In order to sustain the price, these coins must ultimately be sold to new investors who are increasing their hoards.  If there are not enough such investors to provide  0.9 M$/day to the miners, the price will have to drop.
However, 3600 BTC is only 0.025% of all the coins that have been issued so far.  Even considering that most of those coins are locked out of the market by hoarders, their effect on the price would be small, perhaps 1--2% per day.  It cannot explain the sudden swings by 10--20% in a few hours.
There are many hints telling that the rallies of 2013 were caused by demand for bitcoin in China; first at BTC-China in Shanghai, then at Huobi and OKCoin in Beijing.  The demand seems to have come mostly from a large contingent of amateur commodity day-traders, who found bitcoin much more fun to trade than tea or garlic, because of its fungibility and its wild unpredictable price swings.  Their buying pushed the price from ~13 to ~1200 (although there was much reaction buiyn by investors outside China who saw the price rise and jumped in).
The drop during the last 15 months can only have been due to those same investors selling out and dropping out of the game.  I believe that most of the current price is due to the Chinese investors who are still invested and trading; if they were to drop out oo, the price would probably drop another 100-150$ at least,
TLDR: Yes, the Chinese are probably the main culprits for the drop since Nov/2013.  However, not by evil manipulations, but simply by selling out what they bought in 2013.
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:38:09
Bitfinex is not really a Chinese exchange.  IIRC it is owned by French-Canadian expats; it is in Hong Kong (still economically separated from Mainland China) and trades in USD.
By Chinese day traders I mean [**these guys**]( who must be the bulk of the clientele of Huobi, OKCoin, and several other large exchanges whose existence the bitcoin media tries very hard to ignore.
@_date: 2015-04-30 00:06:04
The only explanation I have found is this line on the chart index page:


I tried asking for further details on their bitcointalk feedback page, but they are no longer monitoring it.
My guess is that it excludes the largest output that sends back to one of the input addresses.  I wonder if it tries to exclude also return change that is sent to a different address (which seems to be a recommended policy these days).
@_date: 2015-04-13 18:35:50
Whatever.  Just playing the human dictionary.
@_date: 2015-09-02 17:45:47
How do the pools know what is spam and what isn't?  
These so far have not been "spam attacks" but only obnoxious and inconsiderate "stress tests".  A spam attack would try to make spam look like normal traffic.
@_date: 2015-09-16 05:34:39
Isn't OpenBazaar already released? 
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:38:48
But South Africa and Argentina are in Europe, aren't they?  
@_date: 2015-09-15 06:42:05


If you assume that bitcoin was meant to be just a proof-of-concept prototype, used by at most 10'000 nerds to buy pizzas and beers, then 1 MB is fine.
If you assume that bitcoin was meant to be used by everybody who really needed a payment system without trusted third parties, when they needed it, then 1 MB is too small. 
 Suppose that 1 billion people in the world have a real need for such a system once a year on average.  That would be  2.7 million transactions per day, more than 20 times the current traffic. Moreover, it is safe to assume that it takes at least 2 transactions on the blockchain, on the average, to make 1 payment.  Then the average block size would be 0.500 kB x 20 x 2 = ~20 MB.  A max size limit of 8 MB would be insufficient; 32 MB would be OK on average but would congest at peaks seasons and times.  The limit should be at least 10 times the average size, i.e. 200 MB.
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:10:41
Ah. Is Coinbase licensed in NY now? 
@_date: 2015-04-07 03:43:23
This gets asked periodically, it should be in the FAQ or something...
Some problems:
+ Unsafe for people who are not computer savy.
+ No way to cancel an erroneous payment,  or payment to merchant who didn't deliver as promised.
+ Long waits for 1-confirmation payments, or needs trusted sophisticated intermediary for 0-onfirmation payments
+ Extreme price volatility complicates payments and results in extra cost for the consumer
+ More complicated tax reporting 
+ Strongly associated to drug traffic and other crimes. 
+ Very expensive infrastructure, subsidized by new investors via block rewards, instead of by users via fees, leading to all sorts of economic distortions (not "free market")
+ The atomic unit (satoshi) is too small for the current BTC price, requires 8 decimal digits in accounting, pricing, fees, etc.
+ Current capacity (max transactions per second) is limited; raising it will make relaying more expensive, number of relay nodes is small and may shrink more.
+ Price is currently supported mainly by speculation rather than by use in payments, mostly by the Chinese amateur day-traders who see it as a form of gambling; and swings wildly according to their mood, rumors about PBoC moves, etc.
+ The top bitcoin experts are unable to predict the price a few months in advance, not even within a factor of 10.
+ There is practically no data about the state and evolution of the bitcoin economy.  Almost all bitcoin companies are privately funded and therefore do not release any numbers.  The anonimity makes it nearly impossible to tell what it is being used for, which countries use it, etc. Even the number of bitcoin users is unknown.
+ Mining is dominated by a few large pools and farms, increasingly Chinese. It is know that a cartel with 51% of the hashing power could do nasty things; and the 4-5 largest miners often have more than that. 
And a few more...
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:14:51
Of course.  But the "business plan" seems necessary to show that the thing *could* be economically viable at every stage in the future, and to allow people to form an opinion about the likelihood of a viable scenario really happening.
For example, if the price starts rising again, then many people would try to buy to hoard, which will make the price rise even more.  Will that result in a runaway rally? Is continuing price increase sustainable?  Who is going to put money to buy the 1800 BTC mined each day if the price is 25'000 $/BTC?  How would that compare to the volume of e-paymetns in USD?  Will there be banks "creating" bitcoins as IOUs, like they do with dollars?  And so on...
I have seen many isolated predictions about one or twho parameters (like the "trillion dollar price" by the Winkles, or the N transactions per second by Gavin), but not a *complete* consistent picture...
@_date: 2015-04-14 01:56:51
The main purpose of the fees now is to discourage spam and needless transactions that just shuffle coins between addresses belonging to the same person.
Methinks they are still too low; in order to make the bitcoin economy more "honest", they should be high enough to be the main source of revenue for the miners (who are now being subsidized by the new investors, via the block rewards).  But that would probably break many businesses that depend on nearly-zero fees...
@_date: 2015-04-03 02:05:19
Oh, I see.  Just like, the cause of earthquakes is that the ground starts shaking...
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:50:13
Which is basically what the bitcoin funds are trying to do: take an extremely risky asset and repackage it to make it look less risky, so that money that is normally barred from risky investments (like IRAs and institutional funds) can buy it.
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:52:56
That is not "news"... the proper word is either "advertising" or "evangelizing"...
@_date: 2016-10-20 21:13:42


That is only true if the average incoming traffic is permanently greater than the capacity.  Then a fraction of the transactions never confirms and gets dropped by the 72 hour cutoff.
But it seems that such situation will not persist for long.  It would mean people insisting in using bitcoin even when their transactions are certain to be dropped.  What we have seen (predictable in hindsight) is that, after a week or two, users simply give up  on bitcoin, reducing the incoming traffic, until the backlogs last only part of the day, so the average wait is again less than 24 hours.


But the delay of your transaction is not determined by your fee, only by the rank of your fee among the transactions that will be in the mempool when your transaction is finally confirmed.  See the slight problem there?  
If you replay the same input traffic with all fees multiplied by 10, or all fees shifted up by 0.50 USD/kB, each transaction will have exactly the same dalay as before.


Greg, I know you are smarter than that.  
Any fee estimator can only use the data on past incoming traffic and already confirned transactions.  What it is asked to estimate depends, as said above, on the future incoming traffic and future block confirmation times.  The estimator is invoked precisely when those conditions are changing quickly, and everybody is trying to adjust their fees to reduce their expected wait below a tolerable level. 
Without that information, that does not exist when you invoke the estimator, there is no way to find a satisfactory point on your fee x delay tolerance curve.  Indeed, the estimator is being asked to out-bid its own bids.  Obviously, many (most) users will end up paying a lot, and still waiting more than they were promised by the estimator.
It would be "nice" to know the performance of that estimator, comparing the average wait that it predicted for each fee range, to the actual average wait for transacions that arrived in the next minute and  paid fees in that range.
@_date: 2016-10-20 08:24:45
Everybody should use a fee that is 20% higher than the median fee.  That will let everybody's transactions get ahead of everybody else's.
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:50:46
No.  I think that 99% of the people see investing in bitcoin as being like investing in a ponzi: a zero-sum gambling game, where the smart and/or lucky take money from those who think that they are smart and/or lucky, and which will one day end like all ponzis end.
@_date: 2016-10-24 14:59:35
That first comment of mine was dead serious.  You can make up your own opinion about the causes and prospects of the split.
@_date: 2015-04-22 07:56:12
The blockchain provides a list of several hundred thousand strings whose SHA256-squared hashes  begin with many zeros.  I don't know whether such a list has any use in cryptography; but, if it does, then it was real clever of the NSA to convince the bitcoiners to pay for it, to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars. 8D
@_date: 2016-10-13 20:57:29


Oh yeah.


Well, that explains why so many people still fail for pump-and-dump penny stock scams...
@_date: 2015-09-07 08:51:20


The matter is not Satoshi's wishes, but the reason why bitcoin was worth creating and is worth maintaining. 


Because YOU decided that?  ;-)
Or because Satoshi wanted it that way? ;-)
@_date: 2015-04-20 01:27:37
The same mechanism later gave rise to the meme "cut your looses", but I don know whether it has been adopted outside of bitcoinalk.
@_date: 2015-04-01 15:03:13
IIRC, in Thailand it is still a very serious criminal offense (many years in jail) to say or write anything demeaning about the King.
In many jurisdictions, people can get court orders forcing blogs and other media to remove material that is libellous, racist, violates copyrights, etc.  Failure to comply usually means huge fines per day, possibly prison for contempt of court.
@_date: 2015-04-27 14:44:43
It will depend on the volume.  If you do more than occasional trading with local people, it will no longer be personal but professional, and you will probably need a money service/transmittal license.  If you are undercutting bank services, like remittance, they will of course close your account.   Also, if law enforcement finds that your bitcoin trading has been used to facilitate criminal activities, even without your knowledge, they may tip the bank, and it will then close the account just to be safe...
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:06:11


You mean, the people currently invested in bitcoin?  But they would be equally invested in both the cartel's coin and the rebel coin. So it would not be like BTC vs LTC.  They would want to maximize the sum of the prices...
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:08:38
What the article describes is what happens when the currency is an ordinary one and the increased wealth (or perception thereof) comes from other sources.  No one knows what will happen if the (perception of) increased wealth results from hoarding a currency whose value increases with time, possibly to astronomical levels.  The experience with bitcoin, so far, is not encouraging.
@_date: 2015-04-06 14:09:02
If not a genius, at least a first-rate programmer who knows how floating-point works and how to make good use of it.  
@_date: 2015-04-13 00:54:55
More exactly, every 210'000 blocks added to the blockchain. The exact time may vary depending on the effective mean block interval (intended 10 min, lately about 10.5 min).
@_date: 2015-04-04 03:23:46
Directly, there no foreign exchange overhead, because the exchanges are USD-BTC and BTC-LOC, not USD-LOC.
There is however a penalty due to effective exchange spreads.  Suppose that (say) 1 USD = 3 LOC by the official exchange rate.  Suppose that the market price of 1 bitcoin is 250 USD i.e. 750 LOC.  The sending office tries to buy 1 BTC, but cannot find enough sellers for 250 USD, ends up paying 252 USD.  The receiving office has to sell that 1 BTC in the local market, but there are not enough buyers at 750 LOC, and he has to sell for 744.  So the sender has to pay 252 USD to send only 744 LOC, which are worth only 248 USD.  This is equivalent to a fee of 4 USD or 12 LOC, or 1.6% over the amount sent.
A problem for many bitcoin remittance services is bitcoin market saturation.  If the local market is small, the local buy price may drop a lot as a consequence of so many bitcoins being sold, and the "spread fee" will increase.  The reverse happens if the market at the sending side is small, but the effect will be the same -- more of the customer's money will be eaten by  the spread.
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:55:30
Not quite.  Digital cash systems with public-key cryptography (PKC) to prove ownership of accounts and authorize transactions were invented as soon as PKC itself was invented.  The novelty in the bitcoin protocol is that the ledger is maintained by a distributed network of anonymous uncoordinated volunteers, instead of by a central agency.
@_date: 2015-04-14 12:03:33
Either way, it is useless in both functions.  As a store of value, you want some assurance that it will not lose 90% of their value in the coming years.  As a currency, you want some assurance that the BTC you earn today will not lose 10%  of their value before you spend them at the supermarket. Or that the BTC that you promised to pay to your employees by the end of the month will not cost you 10% more sales to earn until then.  
If you use dollars, euros, or yen, you already don't have such guarantees, but you can have enough confidence to run a business.  If you use reals or pesos, or rubles, you may be in for some nasty surprises now and then; for big amounts or longer time spans, you may have to include some inflation compensation clauses in the contract.  If you use bitcoins, you cannot have such confidence at all.
Companies who tried to set prices in BTC and/or keep their capital in bitcoin, such as SatoshiLabs and Overstock, have learned about this problem the hard way, and don't do that anymore.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 02:36:06


Where is that rule from?
Last time I checked the sidechains paper, I did not see that.  Sidechains obviously cannot create more bitcoins, but, apart from that, it seemed that a "sidechain" could be anything, and do anything it wanted with the bitcoins allocated to it.  Bitstamp could be seen as a sidechain.  Litecoin could be seen as a sidechain...
@_date: 2015-09-02 20:20:23


Beware that some statistical sites (like Statoshi) collect their data from nodes that filter out they consider "spam".  According to [this site]( the fee neded to get through the spam (assuming miners are not filtering it out) is 0.45 mBTC/kB.  In the previous stress tests it was 0.20 mBTC/kB.  
(When the network is not congested, of course, any transaction with the minimum fee is processed in the next non-empty block.)
@_date: 2015-09-14 17:11:20
I have seen that out-of-schedule meeting described on bitcointalk as "Gavin forks the conference".  I wish I knew more...
@_date: 2015-04-17 01:40:31
You are right: for use as a currency, its value should not matter, as long as it is stable (no more than a few percent of variation per year, less than 1% over a couple of weeks). 
However, if the usage as currency were to grow by (say) 50% every year, the price would also grow by that rate; which would attract speculators, who would hoard as much as they an get hold of, which would make its price skyrocket, which would make it useless as a currency, which would make it worthless, which would make the price crash, which would make it a terrible investment, which  ...
That is a fundamental problem that prevents reasoned forecasts of the bitcoin economy, in any time frame. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 14:07:02


Excel, (g)awk, matlab, ...
@_date: 2015-09-01 21:46:05


No.  There is a risk in everything, but not everything is gambling.  
Investing in stock is a *productive* investment, like building a factory: consuming some wealth to create something that will create more concrete wealth - cars, iphones, burgers, haircuts -- than was consumed.  The profit from such productive investment comes from that concrete wealth that the company creates.  Stockholders get wealthier because they have created more wealth.  Barring disasters or bad caculations, it is quite possible -- normal, even -- for ***all*** investors in a productive comany to make a profit.
Gambling is an activity that transfers money randomly between people, and that that is *known* to be zero-sum (or negative-sum): every dollar gained by one person is a dollar lost by some other person.  Gambling does not create any concrete wealth; it does not improve anyone's life. If someone gets wealthier with such activity, someone else must get poorer.  It is mathematically impossible for *everyone* who engages in gambling to become wealthier as a result.
@_date: 2015-09-12 17:03:39
Sigh.  You still don't get it...
Yes, airlines change their prices by the hour, and they have wildly different prices depending on the hour of the day and season.  But THEY TELL YOU THE PRICE, BEFORE YOU BUY the ticket and board the plane.  Once you have paid the ticket, you can count on fying on the plane that you bought the ticket for (or the next plane, for shuttle lines). 
And either the ticket price includes the boarding fee, or the boarding fee too is posted in advance.  BECAUSE CLIENTS MUST BE TOLD THE PRICE BEFORE THEY DECIDE TO USE THE SERVICE, NOT AFTER.  Even in the darknet and illegal markets.  Could it be that the "fee market" enthusiasts have never noticed that?
YEs, airlines used to overbook flights, taking advantage of their cartel position -- since they all screwed the clients in the same way, the clients could not react by switching to a better airline.  Things got so bad tha IATA stepped in and forced all airlines to pay hefty fines to the passengers who were denied seats due to overbooking.  I myself got a fat sum from British Airways once, and a hotel stay, right after that ruling. But that was long ago; since then the airlines (at least those that I have flown) learned to avoid overbooking, and use standby lines instead to fill the leftover seats.
Will bitIATA have intervene in the bitcoin "fee market", too?  
Airlines do try to serve clients as promptly as possible.  Mechanical failures and weather of course are impediments to "possible", and so are budget constraints or goals that force them to use airports at off-peak hours when slots are cheaper.  No airline would *intentionally* delay passengers, leaving seats empty in their planes, to induce them to offer bribes to get in.  If the airline thought that it could make more money that way, it would simply raise the price, and get the same effect -- but more efficiently, and without alienating its clients. 
(But airports, rather than airlines, are a good example of what happens when a service is congested:  almost every major airport is operating near full capacity, so the airline that would have preferred to take off at 6:30 pm must wait to 8:30 pm for a free slot.)
And airlines do serve clients first-come-first-serve, when possible.  You cannot see that on regular flights, because you buy tickets for a specific plane, and all passengers in that plane are "served" at the same time. (The service is flying, not being seated!) But on certain shuttle lines, where the ticket is sold for the trip and not for a specific plane,  clients are usually served FCFS.  Because, of course, it would be extremely frustrating for a client to buy a ticket and then have to keep offering higher and higher bribes to the captain to get into the next plane, with no idea of how long he would be there.  And paying a high bribe only to wait six hours in line...


Well, for your own good, I hope that you are not thinking of opening a business that caters to customers... 8-P
@_date: 2016-10-27 14:33:44
Actually 4 MB.  The 1.5-2MB is the estimate of the capacity increase that will be achieved for normal traffic.  Spammers can fill the 4 MB using special transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:00:07


Definitely not.  The price of bitcoin depends entirely on the mood of traders playing their games in highly scammy exchanges.  It may crash back to $250 or lower at any moment.  It literally has no bottom.  


Only fools or criminals keep their savings in currencies, or simple checking accounts at banks.  
Hyperinflation is a huge pain for everybody, but it does not mean that everybody loses all their savings.  Brazil went through many periods of hyperinflation in the past (up to 40% *per month*) and yet people survived.  They just had to put every payment they received into liquid bank funds that corrected for inflation, adjust salaries and prices many times per month, etc.  
That was a huge pain, and people did lose money along the way; but it was still better than putting one's savings into the hyperpumped obfuscated penny stock that is bitcoin...
@_date: 2016-10-14 00:22:54


The exaggerated price increase (to maybe 100 times or more its utility value as currency) is the thing that caused it to be useless as a currency.  It was also the cauise of the mining centralization problem.  And it poisons the atmosphere in every part of the project: there would have been no Blokcstream and no block size war, if the price had not exploded like it did.  
@_date: 2016-10-16 00:43:56
Note that I said "likely".  I am sure you cannot prove the opposite.  But consider:
BitPay, the largest bitcoin payment processor, processed 150 milllion USD worth of payments in 2014.  Excluding mining-related payments and exchanges of bitcoin for other value stores (gift cards, gold), only ~50 million were payments for goods and services.
[A single ransomware organization netted 120 million USD in the frist 6 months of 2016](
Should I go on?
@_date: 2015-04-28 00:53:40
Yeah, that must be it.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:09:34
So there is a limit to the amount of merge mining that can go on against the bitcoin blockchain?  That is, only one bock hash of one merge-mined chain can be included in each bitcoin block, right?
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:45:01
I won't even say "good luck with that".
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:07:31
HTML and snapshots of digitally-generated pages can be edited trivially.  
If he complains to the police, they might be able to trace the connection in the ISP logs and then maybe establish whether he did open the company's page at that time.  But that would still leave a big gap in the evidence...
@_date: 2015-09-07 18:18:51


You really don't know why he put that quote there, do you?
@_date: 2016-10-06 11:02:05
The simplest way to destroy a lump of bitcoins is to declare them unspendable.  That is, declare that any transaction that moves them is invalid.  That is a soft-fork type of change to the protocol: if a simple majority of the miners decides to do so, the bitcoins become unspendable, and no one can do anything about it.
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:09:03
But gold at 1200 $/oz is not a good way to do it.  One is basically gambling 75% of one's savings.
@_date: 2015-04-28 03:39:21
You will be downvoted to oblivion for asking such questions.  
Bitcoin is a machine that moves money from the pockets of (0) new investors (those who buy bitcoins to increase their holdings) to the pockets of (1) the miners and (2) the divestors (those who are reducing their holdings by selling or spending bitcoins).  The money flow from (0) to (1) is 3600*P dollars per day, where P is the price of 1 bitcoin.  The money flow from (0) to (2) is unknown.  
Thus the price will be the amount of dollars that new investors can be persuaded to put into the machine each day, minus what the earlier investors take out, divided by 3600.
@_date: 2015-04-29 10:39:25
That does not mean that the two companies should cooperate.  Andreessen is not pro-bitcoin, he is pro-profit; he will be happy if either of them goes to the moon, even if the other dies out.
@_date: 2016-10-14 17:31:32
Need to ask?
@_date: 2015-04-05 21:20:15
I am not sure, but I believe that legal foundations and charities are required to know their donors.
@_date: 2015-09-19 00:53:57
(1) Bitcoin was never intended to do real micropayments.  It was expected to be used for "small" casual payments, but not necessarily that small. 
(2) Bitcoin was not intended to replace credit cards or other traditional payment systems (such as cash for in-person shopping).  It was invented for those cases where its unique feature -- no need for a trusted third party -- is a clear advantage.  Buying a gumball is not such a case.  Not even buying a car.
(3) Micropayments in general are a solution that has been looking for a problem for more than 30 years.
@_date: 2015-09-12 15:35:08


Because those are two completely different kinds of attacks! A big block attack tries to create a block so big that it causes some nodes, clients, or miners to choke, malfunction, go into swap hell, or crash.   In 2010, a 32 MB block would probably do such damage.   Such blocks could be created by a rogue miner, or by a honest miner trying to serve a malicious flood of spam transaction requests.   The prevention for that is to set a max block size limit that everybody knows and everybody must make sure that they can handle if they want to play the game.  Then each player should reject any block bigger than that, because each player should assume that the other players will reject it too.  For that criterion alone, the max block size can be any value that serves that purpose.
A "spam attack", on the other hand, is some maliicious user who issues a large number of spam transactions in a short time, with the aim of delaying the legitimate ones, or of crippling nodes by overfilling their mempools.   To prevent such attacks, there must be a significant minimum transaction fee, and the capacity of the network must be as big as possible -- to make the attack as expensive as possible for the attacker, and to ensure that it will be over and cleared as quickly as possible.
Keeping the capacity at many times the average traffic is also important to prevent congestion during peak hours or "freak" traffic surges, like the one in Nov/2013.  (Normal traffic currently varies from 0.5 to more than 2 tx/s depending on the time of day.)


More like 1/20.  The effectiveness of the spam depends  on the clearance C - T.  Currently the effective capacity C is 750 kB/block (3/4 of the limit) and T is 450 kB/block.  With 8 MB limit, the effective capacity should be about 6000 kB/block.  So the clearance will increase from ~300 kB/block to ~5550 kB/block, or about 18 times.  By early 2016 the traffic is expected to be 550 kB/block, and an increase to 8 MB limit should increase the clearance from 200 to 5450 kB/block (about 27 times).


They won't rise substantially for may years.  A large fraction of today's traffic must be frivolous transactions that will either disappear or pay minimum fee and bear with the delays or dropouts.  Some of the legitimate traffic wiill pay minimum frees too, for ignorance or other reasons, and get delayed or dropped too.  For several years, the rest of the legitimate traffic will pay a little more than minimum, and get through with no delay.
In those conditions, a spam attacker will get a much bigger effect for the  money than if block size limit was raised.
But that is why **the Blockstream guys should post a BIP for the "fee market" model**.  It is total dishonesty and hypocrisy to demand a BIP for an increase in the limit -- a 2-line change that will not affect anything else -- but not for a radical change *in the very design of the protocol*, that will require thousands of lines of code to manage.
@_date: 2015-09-03 22:58:57
Some miners "steal" the hash -- not even the header, just the hash -- of the previous block B(N) from other miners, even before that block has been sent out to the network.  If that parent block is invalid for some reason (including being oversize), the "thief" has no way to find that out at first, and may mine another block B(N+1) on top of it.
This happened at least twice last July, just after the BIP66 change was activated.  On July 4 (the "Fork of July"), one out-of-date miner created a block that was invalid by the new BIP66 rules, and other miners promptly build another 5 blocks on top of it before they were alerted that tey were working on an invalid branch.  The same thing happened again in next day, with a 3-block invalid branch started in the same way.
@_date: 2015-09-19 19:19:41


Has it?  Bitcoin traders need money transmitting licenses because they deal with money, use bitcoin to transfer money, etc..  They have to comply with AML because "money laundering" covers any attempts to disguise revenue from crimes, by juggling money *or of any valuable items* (such as boats, real estate, etc.)


AFAIK The IRS ruled that bitcoin is property, and gains obtained from it must be declared as such.  It does not contradict bitcoin being a commodity or subject to AML regulations.
@_date: 2016-10-09 03:54:35
In other words, cut-through of unconfirmed transactions (by the parties involved, or while they are propagating on the way to the miners) should be prevented.   Which means that the miners can see (and store) all the *individual* transactions.
By the way, is it possible to prevent cut-throughs in the p2p network from happening?
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:50:02
It is just a flesh wound.
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:49:18
A remittance company needs local currency to give out to the people receiving the money.  (If the receivers accepted BTC, there would be no need for the company.)  To get that local currency over there, it must sell the BTC on the local market.
@_date: 2015-04-19 08:28:53
Shun advice
At any price
That's what I call
Good advice.
  -- *Piet Hein*
(You should never trust an internet forum for legal advice.)
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:34:23
No sane person hoards or saves dollar bills, yet they have a value because of their use as currency.  Even if there was no intentional hoarding or saving in bitcoins, each coin would stay out of circulation for some time (say, 2 weeks on average) between being earned and being spent.  From that  "mean retention time" and the volume of e-payments (USD/day) one can compute the  price that each coin would have.
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:49:48


The purpose of that headline was to prove to prospective miners and users that the block was mined on that day. (Had he been mining in secret for some time, he could have pulled some nasty tricks.)  
To serve that purpose, the message had to be taken from some major newspaper.  That happened to be the main headline of /The Times/ on that day.  Did he choose /The Times/ on purpose, because it had an 'apt' headline, or was that merely the newspaper that he had on his desk?  Did he wait to start mining until /The Times/ had a good headline?  I don't find either theory compelling.  
If he wanted to make a political statement, he surely could have picked a more explicit quotation somewhere else.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 02:21:59
TA = "Technical Analysis", a "science" or "religion" (depending on whom you ask) that aims to predict the price of stocks and other assets by looking for patterns and trends in the past prices.
@_date: 2016-10-25 10:21:25
No, that is not correct.  The investor gives dollars to the company, through T0, and gets ordinary shares in return.  The company uses the dollars to buy factories and hookers.   T0 takes a brokerage fee from that amount, buys a few satoshis and inserts a transaction in the blockchain to record that sale.
@_date: 2016-10-27 17:40:00
The extension records can be omitted in only one case: when sending blocks to simple clients.  In all other contexts, the extension must be transmitted ad stored.
So SegWit will give 4 MB to spammers, 1.7 MB to legit users.
@_date: 2016-10-14 21:50:11
Is that really him?
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:00:57
The mining majority *has* the power, by design, to change the rules -- if they decide that it is in their interest.  
The "economic majority" does not rule.  It will have to go with what the mining majority decides, ande even praise their decisions; because the miners can hurt the other players much more effectively and immediatey than the other way around.  In particular, a mining majority can kill any minority chain; so the "economic majority" will not even have a choice.
The developers dont have any power.  In fact, the concept of "developer" does not exist in the bitcoin protocol.  
What we are seeing is that the miners in the end will decide what to do about the block size limit; and the developers will pretend that they have allowed the miners to decide (by chosing BIP100 or some other similar solution), just to save the face.
@_date: 2015-09-17 23:39:28
I hated Philosophy in high school.  Of course I do it myself now. ;-)
@_date: 2015-09-11 13:37:27


Hey guys, we found the real Satoshi!
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:02:23


By my guesstimate, about 300 $/oz or less.  I get that by extrapolating the trend in the years up to 2001 and correcting for USD inflation, assuming that speculation was small at the time.
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:27:45
Yes you are.  You claim that bitcoin is used more for legal payments than for illegal ones.  Can you give any evidence for that?
@_date: 2016-10-25 11:09:39


They are not "backed" but "certified" by the blockchain.  The transaction itself is immediate (as in any stock exchange), but gets recorded in the official public registry in 10 minutes instead of 3 days.
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:08:34
Title: "Coinbase set to be the First UK Regulated Exchange"
Actual news: "Coinbase would like to open a regulated exchange in the UK, but they haven't got permission to do so, and no one knows whether or when that will happen"
@_date: 2016-10-25 10:16:01
AFAIK, Counterparty and other similar blockchain applications cannot use the LN.  They need each transaction of theirs recorded in the blokchain ASAP.  The very purpose of the LN is to keep most transactions off the blockchain, and record only their final settlement.
@_date: 2015-09-19 00:57:16


In theory, yes.  It remains to be seen whether it is viable in practice.  (Yes, I know about streamium.)  
@_date: 2016-10-15 19:22:30
Many people made a profit from trading bitcoin during those years.  
But their profits are not 10B.  That is the "market cap", which counts every bitcoin in existence as being the same as $630 in cash.
Someone who bought 1 BTC in 2010 at $1 and sold it in Nov/2013 at $1200 made $1199 of profit,  Where did that profit come from? Obviously, from the pockets of the guy who bought that BTC for $1200.  If the latter did not sell yet, he has 1 BTC but has lost $1200.  He may fancy that his BTC is the same as $630 in cash, but that is not going to happen until he sells.  Even if he sells, he wil recover $630 of his investment, but the new buyer of that BTC will then have a $630 hole in his pocket.  And so on.
While Madoff's fund was running, all shareholders believed that they were doing very well, because the market price of their shares was increasing, and (like bitcoin investors) they counted those paper gains as if they were real.  But when it was exposed that the fund had no assets or revenue, the market price of those shares collapsed to zero.  The lucky investors who sold before that made fat profits -- all at the expense of those who bought the shares of those lucky guys, and were holding them at the end.


Bitcoin investment is a zero sum game, because there is no input of money into that system except the money put down by the investors themselves.  
In fact it is a negative sum game, because miners suck a million USD each day from that pot, and this money will never come back to it.
@_date: 2015-09-09 17:59:01


Well, since I am skeptical of its longerm success either way, that would not be a casus belli for me.  IMO, keeping the 1 MB limit will only make it die faster, but more painfully.  8-)
@_date: 2016-10-17 19:30:33


I know of no example where a vitual asset has a persistent speculative value without even a pretense of a fundamental value.  Gold has its industrial and decorative uses, and penny stocks are sold only by lying to investors and pretending that the companies are real.  Game points and virtual weapons have value because people want to play the game.  Do you know of any example?
@_date: 2016-10-16 20:34:10


Picture bitcoin investment as a pot.  Investors put money into the pot when they buy bitcoins, and take money out when they sell it.  Miners only take money out (to the tune of 1 M USD/day), never put anything in.  
An investor makes profit if he takes out more than he put in; that is, if he sells when the BTC price is higher than it was when he bought his coins.  Many investors already made fat profits, and went home counting their $$.  Others still have money in the pot and wait for a good time to take it out.
What can you tell about the amount of money that remains in the pot?  Does it grow over time, or stays the same?
Is it possible for that game to go on forever?


The deception is not in the code, but in (1) failing to warn people that it is not a good investment, but a negative-sum pyramid-like gambling game; and (2) leading them to believe that bitcoin has a chance of becoming a widely used currency for legal payments.  
Examples of the latter abound: just check what the big investors -- Andreessen, Casares, Antonopoulos, Draper, the Winkles -- say about it.  (Remembeer the Winkles on Bloomberg saying tha the market cap could go to one trillion dollars, why not?)
@_date: 2016-10-02 06:01:04


Sigh.  The OP asked how the ATM could dispense cash immediately/.  Someone suggested that the ATM could be using the Lightning Network.  That is bullshit.


OK: you cannot create unilaterally a payment channel **that can be used to receive payments.** 


... which is what the LN was supposed to avoid...
@_date: 2016-10-16 21:34:55


What will you do when, in 20 years, I become the Lord Protector of the Planet and Environs, and the only legal tender is the Stolficoin?


If the ETF is approved, it will do the same damage that bitcoin has been doing for the last 6 years, only worse.  Namely, cause many people to lose their savings.  One needs no imagination to see that.


I can see a lot of suffering that it already caused, from the 400 M USD eaten by MtGOX to the ransomware epidemic.  I am still waiting for any positive contribution (I I really cannot see how it could alleviate suffering).
@_date: 2016-10-15 22:00:40


But bitcoin investors do not benefit from that while they hold on to their bitcoins.
In theory, yes, an investor would realize his profit profit when he sells his bitcoins to users, and then the profit would come from the increased value that the coins will have to users.  But, in reality, there are problems with that.  
First, the price of bitcoin is not determined by its use as a currency, but by the speculators.  That is pretty obvious even from a quick glance at the charts.  That is because the volume of payments using bitcoins, measured in USD, is insensitive to the bitcoin price.  If the price dropped to $63 tomorrow, the users would simply use 10x as many bitcoins to make the same amount of payments.  
While some investors sell to users, others will be buying from them.  It is the equilibrium between these two that defines the price.  Thus, the passage of bitcoins through users can largely be canceled out.  The circulating pool will be basically an interlude; in the end, the game is still investors selling to investors.
Another problem is that the users will buy mostly from users.  Only a few investors would be able to sell their holdings to users; if a slightly larger fraction of them tried to do the same, the price would collapse.  
For example, suppose that 95% of the bitcoins are in hoards, and onlt 5% are in circulation among users,  If only 5% of the holders try to sell, the number of bicoins in circulation would double, and the price would necessarily drop by 50%. 
So one cannot claim that usage as a currency would provide an "anchor" to the price, or will be the source of investors' profits.   At the bottom, it will still be a speculative gambling game: investors paying a substantial premium over the floor value, in the hope that future investors will pay an even larger premium. 
@_date: 2016-10-20 10:57:08
Users who do not care about a 10-hour delay in a transaction must not care much about the transaction at all.  Then why would they be wasting $0.01 on it?
Many transactions in the queue with below-median fees are from users who could not figure out the proper fee when they signed the transaction, or who looked it up while the backlog was growing and the fees were rising fast.  Few users can afford to monitor the queues continuously for hours to see whether an RBF is needed.  Even fewer have the tools and occasion to issue an RBF -- which itself may have insufficient fee, if the backlog is still growing.
So, during a lasting backlog, many users who cannot afford a delay will have to pay higher fees AND wait for hours anyway.  You can imagine how that will help adoption.
Back in 2014, Greg should have written a BIP proposing the switch from Satoshi's unlimited block size design (with next-block service for any transaction that paid the min fee)  to the design with capped block size (with variable delays and fees determined by a "fee market").   In that BIP,he would have had to provide a stochastic model for the urgency of users (their fee x delay curves), and compute from that model the expected effects on confirmation delays and fees.  
But that is not the way a real hacker (in the good sense of the term) works.
Real hackers always have lots of important hacks to code, and cannot waste their time explaining every decision to users (or "lusers", in the hackers jargon); much less convincing them of its merits.  
A real hacker knows that he is smarter than all the lusers put together, almost by definition.  This is confirmed every time the hacker adds a new feature to the code: lusers invariably try to use that feature in ways that the hacker did not intend them to, or they fail to understand how to use it -- even though any idiot could immediately see what V = (V += (V &lt;&lt; 2)) | ((V++) &amp; 1) does. 
If the hacker has an idea, ipso facto it is a clever idea.  If he were to ask lusers, and they disagreed, obviously they would be wrong -- so why bother asking?
An intelligent developer will pick the simplest code that achieves the desired goal; which sometimes may be no code at all.  That is stupid: how are people going to know that he is intelligent?  What would people think of someone who writes
    max_block_size = 1000000;
    if (block_number &gt;= 350000)
      max_block_size = 100000000;
when he could have written 2000 lines of obfuscated C++ code to get the same practical result?
A real hacker must be clever, not intelligent.  His prestige is proportional to the number and complexity of the clever hacks that he can stuff into his code.  Actually, more than proportional, because he will earn extra cleverness points by hacking each new hack to work around the quirks of all his previous hacks. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 12:17:43
I understand that the founders of LEOcoin left Pakistan shortly before the Pakistani SEC came down on their previous enterprise.  They claim that they were not involved in that company's fraudulent activities and have been cooperating with Pakistani law enforcement about the case.  That is what I read on their site.  
@_date: 2015-04-11 05:04:21
I believe that it merely "exported" the bubble  out of China.  During the Nov/2013 rally, price in China was noticeably higher than outside.
@_date: 2015-04-01 13:40:32
Congratulations, you exposed the girl's personal data on the video.
Somewhere I read about a new decentralized payment method that was great because it did not require you to give your bank or credit card data to some company who might leak it, and allowed you to transfer money overseas without fees or currency exchange spread.  Does anyone remember its name?
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:07:20
From the first page of the very first paper that came up in that search (not a particularly good or pertinent paper, but just to avoid biased sampling):


In other words: because entities like the SEC did not have the mandate or strength or interest to block the multiplication of hot-air-filled financial products...
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:25:11
I suppose that timestamps are used by the difficulty adjustment algorithm, isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:11:51
WIth that name, they cannot settle for second place. 8-D
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:53:05
The last halving on (2012-11-28, IIRC) did not have any visible effect on price.  In fact the price remained almost totally flat for over a month, until the first 2013 rally started (apparently pulled by Chinese demand). 
The next halving may be different only in that mining is now industrialized and is operating with much smaller profit margins.  If the price does not recover during the next 12 months, there may be a substantial drop in the hashrate, as the miners will see their total reenue drop by 50%.  
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:45:05
Sorry but that "anti-FUD" podcast is quite disappointing.  For the most part it just repeats the hype that has been put out bu Ln believers since the beginning, and does not address the real problems with the idea.
I don't have time to repeat here the objections in detail (and they would probably be removed or hidden if I did).  Just a brief recap of some of them:
+ The available software (`lnd`) is not a "beta version" but a "toy implementation": a version that cannot be used for real payments, because it lacks essential features and does not scale to the target size.
+ The fact is that there are no "watchers" ("watchtowers") means that users are forced to remain online most of the time, downloading and scanning the blockchain. For that reason, the current version of the `lnd` does not let mobile users create bidirectional channels, because they would be too insecure. 
+ If watchers were available, almost every user would have to notify a watcher promptly of almost every LN payment -- and pay a fee for him to keep watching, and trust that he is indeed watching.  So much for "trustless"...
+ The fact that a node must be online to receive an LN payment is a big problem, especially for mobile users.  Note that PayPal, bank wires, and even raw bitcoin do not have this limitation.
+ The LN will not be usable until most bitcoin users have adopted it.  If only half bitcoin users are on the LN, it may actually increase the on-chain traffic, instead of relieving it.
+ Gurus have predicted fees of $50 or more for on-chain transactions.  In that case there would be an upfront, non-refundable $100 fee per channel for joining the LN, and another $50 fee for adding more funding to an existing channel.
+ In the current implementation, most channels will be funded only by the party that opened the channel.  Then most users would not be able to receive more than what they have already spent through the LN.
+ Even with channels funded in both directions, nodes would have to be balanced on a scale of months.  Alice cannot receive a salary of $5000 through the LN, evey month, if she spends only $2000 every month. 
+ If Walmart is forbidden to do business with ISIS, they are forbidden to accept, send, or intermediate multi-hop payments that touch ISIS nodes.  Thus users who want to be KYC/AML compliant will have to only deal with LN users whose identites they know, or with mediators who can be trusted to be KYC/AML compliants themselves.
+ I hate bankERs as much as you do, but you don't understand at all what banks do, why they are needed, and why they would continue to exist (and create "doubly virtual" money) even if the economy switched 100% to bitcoin. 
+ The current toy network was created by LN believers for testing, so it cannot be taken as representative of what the real LN would look like if it were to exist.  And anyway it has a remarkable feature: one cannot ever know how it is being used, or even if it is being used at all.
+ While LN payments are private, spooks could in theory detect them by pretending to send payments routed through the channel of interest, and noting when those attempts fail due to insufficient balance in that channel.
And, most importantly,
+ You did not even mention the problem of finding a route in the network, without knowing who is online and how much balance remains in each channel.  There is still no solution that would scale to 100 million users better than raw bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-31 21:32:33
When I was finally proud to be Brazilian, a huge tank of pig manure suddenly ruptured and overran the country.  Sigh.  May take another 20 years for that to wash away...
Too bad that people already forgot why Lula managed to get elected. And re-elected. And made his successor.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 23:41:09
If the LN ever becomes reality, it is very likely that its topology will be fully centralized: only one hub H, with one bidirectional channel to each LN user.
One argument is that the Router -- the entity that finds a multihop route to execute a payment between users X and Y -- must know the current clearance of each channel in the path (the funding in the forward direction, minus the amount of off-chain payments aready sent through it).  The Router must also block other off-chain payments through those channels until the payment from X to Y is executed, and ensure that the intermediate nodes are all online.  Since the off-chain payments that go through a channel  are supposed to be private information of the two parties, and only them can issue or hold such payments, it looks like the Router must be one of those parties, and the path must have only two hops X --&gt; Router --&gt; Y.  I.e., the router must be a central hub for all the users that it can find routes for.
Another argument is that a payment that goes through a multi-hop path will probably have to pay fees to all the intermediate nodes, and all hops must have enough funding locked in them to carry the desired amount.  The totally centralzed topology ensures that all paths have at most two hops, minimizing the fee and the amount of locked funding needed.  Moreover, the fee becomes quite predictable (the hub's posted fee).
Because of this last argument, topologies with more than one hub will have higher fees and will require substantial locked funds in the hub-to-hub channels.   These problems only get worse if the topology gets more decentralized and distributed.
Besides his main channel to the hub, a user may open direct payment channels to specific partners and bypass the hub.  However, it is inconvenient for users to have their bitcoins split over multiple payment channels.  A user who has 3 channels, with outgoing clearances of 2 BTC each, cannot send an LN payment of 2.5 BTC -- even though his total outgoing clearance is 6 BTC.  This is a strong incentive for all users to keep their LN coins locked in a single channel.
Even the totally centralized topology has a potentially fatal problem, the funding of hub-to-user channels.  If the user-to-hub channels have a total funding of 10 k BTC, the hub-to-user channels must have at least that much funding too.  In fact, since the flow out of the hub is unlikely to be uniformly distributed (think of merchants with many customers), the total output funding must be many times the input one.  Where is the hub going to get those coins?  
In partcular, if user Bob owns no coins but expects to receive 10 BTC via the LN, the hub must provide at least 10 BTC of funding when opening the channel to Bob.
Note that if a payment from X to Y fails for insufficient clearance in the X --&gt; H hop, the blame can be placed on X.  But if it fails because of insufficient clearance in the H --&gt; Y hop, the blame will fall on the hub, not on Y.
@_date: 2015-04-16 16:52:41
No, see the rest of my comment above.  Maybe there are ways to use the blockchain for heart transplants or violin lessons, but there is no need for it in voting.  And, definitely, there is no need for companies that try to use it to solve problems that they are too lazy to try to understand.
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:00:25
The typical bus fare in the Europe or the US is not a microtransaction.  It is way too macro, in fact. 8D
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:36:51
OK, but those chains that are joined in the Merkle tree must be cooperating, right?  If a new startup wants to merge-mine with Bitcoin, does it have to join some larger pool in order to be included in their tree?
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:21:18


The LN would be a bunch of payment channels (PCs) connecting all users in a giant mesh.  An LN payment will be one or more PC payments linked so that either thay all succeed, or all fail.
Thus an LN payment cannot be faster than a PC payment, and may be a lot slower.  While a PC payment will usually charge no fees (since it already benefits both parties), an LN payment that uses two or more hops will have to pay fees to the intermediate parties.
A PC payment is fast enough to allow micropayments; but only if there is a PC between the two parties, and opening a PC is too costly and slow.  
The LN is supposed to solve this problem by using multihop paths with channels that the parties already have.  However, finding such paths is still an unsolved problem, and executing a payment through them is likely to be too expensive and slow for micropayments..
Either way, it unlikely that bitcoin micropayments will be more successful than fiat micropayments (which have never took off in spite of 20 years of trying).
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:10:39
Reminder of some basic rules to detect scam sites:
+ Owners/officers are anonymous --&gt; scam.
+ Company has no legal name and address --&gt; scam.
+ Accepts payment only in bitcoin --&gt; scam
You should check the company registry of the state of California.  If the company is not listed, that closes it.
They give the contact address as 351 E Evelyn Ave, Mountain View, CA.  Google Maps shows an office building there tagged "Adara".  Maybe someone in the neighborhoow should pay them a visit...
@_date: 2016-10-25 05:29:38
Yes, it seems that [they hired Counterṕarty to actually do the stuff](
@_date: 2016-10-15 16:01:46
I am a computer scientist.  Bitcoin is an interesting computer tech and social experiment.  Unfortunately it was hijacked by speculators to be the basis of an investment ponzi, and by criminals to be a currency of crime.  I strongly dislike both things (do I need to justify that?).  As for the computer experiment, it has shown many flaws already, but the "new management" is only making things worse.  Making its network *intentionally* congested is *technically* a stupid idea.
@_date: 2016-10-16 15:57:15


I know.  There is a reason why bitcoin still survives...


OK, pick ANY 15-month interval in the lifetime of the dollar, and tell me how much it dropped.


It does not matter why.  The important point is that it DID lose 70% of its value in 15 months.
(But actually the reason matters.  The blunders of single fat kid caused that 70% drop.  Not even WWII caused anywhere near such damage to the dollar.)


From day 1 to current, bitcoin's price increased infinity percent.  So?
For those who lost their savings in the Dec/2013 crash, it is no consolation to know that from 2009 to 2013 the rise was spectacular.  
For those who consider investing in bitcoin now, what happened after 2013 is far more relevant than what happened before that.
And you did not answer which currency you would like to have your salary and rent paid with: dollars or bitcoins?
@_date: 2016-10-31 13:54:17
That is a totally wrong report of what happened.
The new currency (which became the real) was defined to be pegged to the dollar, 1:1.  To sustain that goal, the government had to borrow huge amounts of money abroad, at absurd interest rates.  That government stopped inflation allright, but created a public debt that dwarfed all debts that previous governments had ever created.   It was so large that it became absolutely impossibe to pay back.  
Today, the debt created by that president and his economic "geniuses" has grown to over a trillion dollars.  Over 60% of all the tax revenue of the government goes into servicing that debt, which still keeps growing.  Dilma tried to lower the prime interest rate, that determines the interest on that debt; the bankers had her deposed, and are now pushing an amendment to the constitution that would make servicing that debt the first priority of the government, over all other expeditures -- health, education, infrastructure, etc..
@_date: 2016-10-16 23:53:13
As you say, not selling is not enough: investors would have to buy and hold an additional 1 M USD of bitcoin every day, at the current price, to keep that price stable.
@_date: 2016-10-24 08:32:00


I first heard of bitcoin in November 2013, when someone I followed tweeted that he was converting all his savings to bitcoin and putting them into MtGOX.
@_date: 2016-10-13 16:12:06


Well, that is the reason why the SEC was created after the crash of 1929: to protect ordinary investors from losing money to bogus investment "opportunities". 
The SEC seems to allow even bad assets to be traded, as long as they clearly explain the risks to the investors, and do not misrepresent its potential.  It will let people invest in shit, if the propspectus clearly says "you are investing in shit, and there is no demand for shit, so you are probably not going to get anything but shit."
@_date: 2015-09-16 04:49:42


The 2 cent solution MAY let legit traffic go through the frivolous traffic.  We don't know how much legit traffic will be delayed if the network gets congested.
My solution gets rid of the frivolous traffic, which reduces the costs of running full nodes, and slows down the growth of the blockchain.  It provides more incentive for the miners to process transactins promptly, and multiplies by 10 the cost of a spam attack.  


The *hope* is that, if the price is deermined by usage as a currency, it will not vary as much; because uasge, being spread all over the world, shoudl not vary so much.  
Rightnow the price is set by speculative trading at 50--100 times that level, anchored only on itself -- on expectation of future prices, which in turn are anchored only on expectionso of prices on a more remote future, etc..  So, a sneeze by PBoC, or a rumor that "greece may adopt bitcoin" is enough to swing the price by 20% or more in a few minutes. 


Unfortnately people are using it for things that a currency is not good at all at.  For example, speculative investing. 


Er, the world was running on fiat money long before that. Correct me if I am wrong, but Nixon severed the connection between the dollar and gold because it was untenable fiction already.
@_date: 2016-10-20 12:55:03


No.  For a stock or bond, the normal situation is all long-term investors exit with a profit.
For bitcoin, that is not just unlikely, it is mathematically impossible.  At any time, the money that all investors spent buying bitcoins (IN) is greater than the money that all investors got selling bitcoins (OUT); and the difference IN-OUT increases every day by 1.1 million dollars.  
The profit that an investor made so far is the money he got out, minus the money he put in.  By the above fact, the average investor profit is strictly negative.  It is impossible for all investors to make positive profit.  For any winner, there must be losers, whose losses paid for the winner's profit.  And history shows that in such negative-sum games there are typícally only a few lucky winners, and a vast majority of losers.
Thus investing in bitcoin is absolutely not like investing in stocks, bonds, real estate, cattle, etc.  It is just like "investing" in a lottery, or in a ponzi schema.
@_date: 2016-10-15 16:27:19


Day-trading is a form of gambling: one gambler's win must be another gambler's loss,  It is OK to do it if you know that you are gambling, and get fun out of risking your money.  If the goal is to get rich, my advice is just don't.
@_date: 2015-09-17 03:41:58
Maybe relevant: [BitPay lost 5000 BTC in Dec/2014 and their insurance company refuses to cover](
@_date: 2015-09-02 23:12:02
Bogus news. See [Barclay's denial](
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:02:59


Paying the ransom is not illegal, but receiving it is a crime.  So ransom payments are illegal payments too.  
Illegal payments do not make bitcoin (or fiat) itself illegal.
The vast majority of fiat payments are legal, so the illegal ones are no reason to ban fiat.  
But all evidence points to most payments with bitcoin being illegal in one way or another.  In the case of ransomware, the crime itself practically would not exist if bitcoin did not exist.  So calling bitcoin "currency of crime" is not an exaggeration.
@_date: 2016-10-24 07:45:34
Shh!  You don't want him to know your strategy!
@_date: 2015-09-17 20:03:51
The MtGOX coins are still all safe in the blockchain.  That is not much consolation to the former clients.
You don't have to reveal individual information to provide meaningful statistics.  With a bit of googling round, you can find all sort of fairly precise data on the traditional economy: how many Canadians have a bank account, how much Americans spent on supermarkets, what is the average salary in China, how much French citizens spent in Japan using credit cards...  
That sort of data would be essential to know the state of the bitcoin economy and where it is heading, or for people to decide whether and where to invest in bitcoin.  
Take the number of users, for example.  Blockchain.info and Coinbase boast of something like three million users total.  But other lines of evidence indicate that there are fewer than one million people who have used bitcoin for real.  They may be less than 100'000 people.
Or consider the current block size war.  Both sides agree that, if the traffic (number of transactions) continues to grow as it has been growing for the last years, by mid 2016 at most the network would become congested.  Yet that the traffic contains an unknown amount of "frivolous" transactions that are not related to bitcoin's goals, and exist only because the fees are too low.  It may even be that the growth is all fake trasactions that are being issued by a single person just to mask the lack of adoption.  What is the *actual* traffic, excluding those frivolous transactions? The answer coudl tell whether increasing the block size limit is urgent or not.  But no one knows...
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:12:40


Sorry, the forks happened because there was no grace period and no alert between the 95% vote event and the activation of BIP66.  That ***ensured*** that there would be 5% miners running the old rules when the new ones were activated -- ***no matter how quickly the miners tried to upgrade***.  
But the devs already made it clear that they don't care about the fate of clients when the network gets congested and "fee market" starts.  They don't care if merchants get screwed by unsafe replace-by-fee.  Why would the devs care about 5% of the miners geting screwed by the surprise change in the rules, right? 
@_date: 2015-09-17 12:59:01
meet the Wikipedia Deletionists.
It almost useless to argue against them.  If you do, the whole Deletionist Sect smells he blood and comes down en masse to defend the deletion.  Then a Deletionist gets to decide whether 2 votes for "delete" are more "consensus" than 4 against.  Guess what is the conclusion.
But in this case the problem is that the journal has not published a single issue yet.  Wikipedia is not supposed to be used for *announcements* of projects.  
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:47:54
Some links that may help:
@_date: 2016-10-16 09:18:40


You logic is out of this world.  Can you at least tell the difference between "evidence" and "payment"?  Or are they the same thing to you?


I asked you to give a ny evidence supporting your claim that legal &gt; illegal.  You have none, do you?  I gave you evidence that support the opposite.


For your education: proving the negative **of an existential claim** is hard and can be considered undue burden.  Otherwise, proving a negative statement, in general, is just as hard as proving a positive one.  
"Most bitcoin payments are illegal" is not an existential statement.  Finding evidence for it, if it is true, should be no easier or harder than for "most bitcoin payments are legal", if it is true.  
So that excuse does not stick.   I am waiting.
@_date: 2016-10-16 14:02:06
Gold now is 75% a zero-sum gambling game and 25% a boring unproductive investment.  If you buy one ounce of gold today, you pay $300 for the metal and put the other $900 into a ponzi-like game, where your only hope to get out with a profit is to find a greater fool that will buy your share of the ponzi for more than that.
Art is not an economic market; it is a game played by millionaries to show that they have lots of money to burn.  You cannot usefully apply any economic theory to it.
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:53:24
Sigh.  I have explained it many times.  I don't know about silver, but gold is now 75% a ponzi game, 25% a boring improductive investment. The world would have been better -- billions of dollars better -- if the gold ETF had never been created.
@_date: 2016-10-16 08:38:26


The demand for transaction and storage can't support much of the price.  The speculative demand would have to be the same, meaning that the mood of the speculators would have to be the same.  Hystory shows that it can flip in a matter of minutes...
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:08:45


That is what I meant.  I don't think that the other players can change the rules to fend off a 51% attack, without making their blockchain centralized, which would defeat the only goal of the project.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:39:29


That will take a long time, unless the price falls to single digits and the miners start demanding significant fees.  But then the volume will shrink drastically so the fees per transaction will have to be jacked upeven furtehr.  It seems hard to predict what will happen then.
I have been following bitcoin for 15 months now, but I have yet to see a "business plan" for bitcoin -- a detailed description of a hypothetical future for the bitcoin economy, say 3 years from now, 10 years from now, and 30 years from now.  Like the business plan of a venture seeking to be funded, those descritions would not have to be likely; they would only need to be reasonably detailed and complete, and consistent.  Is there such a thing, somewhere?
@_date: 2015-04-06 07:25:05
The value of something has little relation to the amount of resources consumed in making it.  The two may be related only in some special cases, e.g. commodities or mass-produced industrial products.  It is not the case for immaterial things like software.
The market cap is not very meaningful for bitcoin because it assumes that the millions of coins that have been hoarded for many years are valued at today's price.  The market cap is neither the amount of money that was invested into the system, nor the amount of money that could be made by the holders if they tried to sell them.  
The net amount of money that people have invested buying bitcoins (minus the net amount that others made by selling them) must be some fraction of the market cap.  That amount went to the miners, as their costs or their profits.  It could be easily estimated, multiplying the daily issuance by the day's average price.  Miners who don't sell all their coins can be imagined to have a split personality: a mining persona who sells everything, and an investor persona who immediately buys some of it back.  The later woudl then be counted as oneof the investors who have been supporting the miners.
@_date: 2015-04-02 15:34:14
Not that 47% of surveyed users were unable to complete an ApplePay store/restaurant payment *at least once*.  It is not like 47% of the users were rejected by the merchants, or 47% of the payments failing.


... compared to less than 700'000 active bitcoiners after six years...
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:38:06
I am only half kidding, but it seems quite likely that miners and people who do not have coins will eventually see those lost coins as an unacceptable waste and an unwarranted gift to the big holders.  
Users would get warnings, like they do now when there is a necessary software upgrade.  Those users who are alive and not jailed and conscious and have not lost their keys would just move their coins to a new address.  As for the others, who cares about them?
@_date: 2015-09-11 17:35:34


4 MB or 20 MB would be okay now  (just as 1 MB was okay when the traffic was only 0.005 MB/block).  The actual block size will just continue to grow at the slow pace it has bee growing, independently of the limit (just as it has since 2010).  The only significant difference between 4 MB and 20 MB is when it woudl have to be raised again: with 4 MB that might happen in 2-3 years, if bitcoin adoption accelerates.  But, either way, it is an easy bet that there will be other mandatory code upgrades (a better name than "hard forks") before that time, so the increases can hitch a ride on them.


No. A hard fixed limit is necessary so that every software developer can make sure that his code can handle any blocks that can be issued by a malicious miner (or a honest miner under a spam attack).  As long as the limit serves that function, the higher the value, the better.


From all that I have read, I am satisfied that 
+ the *actual* capacity of the network (ignoring the block size limit) can easily grow as fast as the expected growth in the demand, for several years at least.
+ in the unlikely case that the *actual* capacity of the network ever becomes insufficient for the demand, then there will be congestion and maybe a fee market; but placing an artificial smaller cap will not make that situation any better -- it will only cause it to occur at an earlier time.
+ as long as it is greater than the demand (as it has been so far), the block size *limit* has no effect whatsoever on any aspect of the network, except under spam attacks.
+ the likelyhood and consequences of a spam attack are *minimized* by *increasing* the block size limit.  
+ the concentration of mining that has occurred is not due to traffic growth, but to the fixed block reward and the absurly high price, that made mining into a profitable industrial.  Mining will continue to be concentrated as long as these two conditions exist, and will not be affected by placing an artificial cap on the capacity.
+ the historic decrease in the number of non-mining relay nodes is not only due to the increase in traffic, but mainly to the growth of the blockchain and of the UTXO set, that would continue to grow by 100 MB per day even if traffic were to stop growing.  (Closing down a full node saves money, while the cost and time of setting one up *increases* every day.)
+ even with a fee market, transaction fees will not compensate the mining industry for the revenue squeeze that will result from the next halving.   In fact, they will hardly make a difference.
@_date: 2015-09-15 01:13:30


Right; the OP_MUL unchecked orverflow was a "feature" &lt;/sarcasm&gt;


(I am a skeptic, remember.)
Bitcoin is not totally decentralized.  Strictly speaking, with mining centralized as it is now, with the reference implementation "owned" by a company, this incarnation of bitcoin has failed.  It is a zombie: it walks and grunts, but it is no longer the entity that it was supposed to be.  
So the issue is how to make it LESS decentralized.  I have no idea of how the mining problem could be solved (except hope that the price crashes to 0.01 USD/BTC or so, which would make industrial mining inviable).  But the centralization of the code can be alleviated by separating the definition of the protocol from the implementation.
Either way, changes to the protocol will require a consensus of some sort.  With the protocol defined by the Core impleentation, it is the consensus of the maintainers of that implementation -- basically, Blockstream and  its contractors.  With a separate protocol specification, the "guardians" who need to reach consensus can be a much broader committee, not dominated by any company.  
Bitcoin is not different than the Metric System.  For it to work, everybody must agree on exactly the same definitions of meter, second, ampere, etc.. But those definitons have changed many times in the past.  How is that consensus-with-evolution achieved?  There is a large international commission that, after interminable studies and deliberations, decides on the changes.  That entity has no legal power by itself, but it has huge moral power, precisely for being broadly constituted; and everybody accepts their decisions, because a bad standard is better than no standard.  
Bitcoin would need a similar organization -- not dominated by any company or country, with people of sufficient competence to debate and vote wisely -- to be the "guardians of the protocol". 
I see several obstacles in the way of that entity being created, however. 
First is the high density of criminals, scammers, and snake oil salesmen in the community, who would surely elbow their way into that entity to use for their interests -- like they did with the Shrem Karpelès &amp; Friends Foundation.  
Second, the largest miners have the effective power over the protocol.  As we saw, they will effectively control that organization, even if they are not mjority in it, because everybody will be aware that the miners will not accept any decision that is not in their interest (as we have seen in the block size war).  
Third, the hackers who now control the protocol will be extremely unhappy that they cannot "improve" the protocol with wonderfully complicated features by ~~stealth~~ soft forks every time they think of another one.
Well, sometimes a problem does *not* have a solution...
@_date: 2016-10-14 17:23:12
Better than Max Kayser's Faithful Disciple.
@_date: 2016-10-13 13:31:09


Indeed, from 2002 to 2011 gold clearly became a ponzi scheme, where the fat profits of earlier investors came entirely from the investments of later ones -- and not from any product or service rendered by the gold while it was being held.
In 2011 the ponzi partly collapsed, with the last batch of investors losing 30% of their investment (so far). 


But, unlike stocks and bonds, neither god nor bitcon produce any new wealth or render any useful service while they are being held.  Thus, again, any profit that may come from such "investments" must come from the money invested by other people.
One difference between bitcoin and gold, however, is that gold will always have its fundamental uses (and thus a positive floor price) for decades to come; whereas bitcoin's utility as a currency may really go to zero, in as little as one year.
@_date: 2015-04-13 16:22:25
He has no idea of what "money laundering" means.
@_date: 2016-10-08 09:18:51


I know.  As I wrote, it doesn't -- but it will very likely evolve to a IOU economy, just as raw bitcoin evolved to Coinbase/Circle/Bitpay/MtGox etc.
@_date: 2016-10-24 04:42:43
I see that fateful fate has finally made you and cross paths.  You seem made one for the other.  I can imagine a candle-lit table in a quiet nice restaurant, and you two having a very intense (if somewhat repetitive) conversation...
@_date: 2015-09-11 13:31:13
Agreed.  The bitcoin craze in China is documented by local reporters.  Also the price was higher in China than in non-Chinese exchanges during the rally (and lower during the following crash), indicating that they were leading.   Robot Willy may have been just doing arbitrage -- buying coins from other MtGOX clients, with non-existing money, to sell in China.
@_date: 2015-09-17 22:02:41
That seems to be the idea of those who are trying to sell "the" blockchain to banks: point out that the banks will gain a massive network with 6000 relay nodes and 450 PH/s of hashpower, already implemented and working, almost for free.  (Actually, financed by the new investors who are buying the newly mined coins.)
@_date: 2018-04-18 19:36:30
I avoid posting in this sub because of the "moderation".  I generally post lulz to \r\buttcoin, serious stuff to \r\btc. I only posted my reply here because the podcasts were announced here.
@_date: 2016-10-24 01:36:26
Care to tell us your reading of the facts?  
@_date: 2016-10-08 12:05:46
Mimblewimble does not actually increase privacy, does it?  Individual transactions are merged and mixed after being included in the blockchain, but they still must be sent separately by clients to miners.  At that time they can be captured and stored for later trace analysis.  No?
@_date: 2016-10-15 19:46:39


They are not "artificial".  [The transaction traffic varies by a factor of 2 in the course of a normal day]( 
Users will not adjust their demand to fit the capacity by miraculously guessing what is their proper quota.  There must be some feedback that "punishes" them when the traffic bumps into the capacity.  That negative feedback is the delay: at those times, transactions pile up in the queue, and no longer confirm in the next available block.  That is also what triggers higher fees.
@_date: 2016-10-17 08:39:18
For those who can't bother to read that boring thread, here are two facts, just off the top of my head:
+ BitPay, the largest bitcoin payment processor, processed 150 milllion USD worth of payments in 2014.  Excluding mining-related payments and exchanges of bitcoin for other value stores (gift cards, gold), only ~50 million were payments for goods and services.
+ [A single ransomware organization netted 120 million USD in the frist 6 months of 2016](
I am still waiting for reply to that.
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:24:33
The exchanges give the price of BTC or Bit in USD, not the other way around.  You cannot expect them to reverse. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:53:46
If 51% of the miners want to raise their fees, they can ignore any mined block that includes a transaction with a lower fee, and just keep working on their version of that block.  Then the non-cartel block with the low-fee transaction will soon be orphaned, and the transaction will be canceled.
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:47:54
Do you mean "love"?  McDonalds already told us that.
@_date: 2016-10-24 09:01:08


Mark blamed banks for the withdrawal delays, but deposits worked fine even after he knew that the exchange was about to collapse (and that alone is enough to deny the claim that he was "just incompetent").  The last Big Rally lasted all of October and most of November, and people were pouring money into MtGOX to profit from it.    
The price crashed around 2013-11-29, but even after that people continued to send money there.  Some two months later, when everybody knew that the exchange was bankrupt, and desperate users had crashed the price in it to $200 or so, some smart fellow bragged on bitcointalk that he was sending 50 k USD into MtGOX to snap up those cheap coins.
Actually the second time I heard about bitcoin (which is when I started following it) was during the crash from the ATH, when that same person tweeted, furious, that MtGOX was replaying the same bunch of trades on their ticker tape, over and over again.  (I never got to know whether it was a bug, or Mark was trying to hide the crash in an attempt to calm the traders.)  
That same person later wrote in his blog that he had a six figure amount (in euros) locked into MtGOX; but he was a notable politician, and apparently managed to persuade Mark to release most of it, before the exchange went bankrupt and stopped functioning.  As you know, most other users did not have that luck.
@_date: 2016-10-19 17:58:10
Someone should research the connection between bitcoin and dislexia. People do not seem to see the word "like" in what I wrote.
"Having an elephant in your living room is like having a hippo in your living room, if you are throwing a party in your home."
"That is stupid! A hippo does not have a trunk!"  The guy is a moron!!!"
@_date: 2015-04-19 05:04:58
The stock market is not just a gambling site, like the bitcoin exchanges.
When you own stock of a company, you own a slice of it, and therefore of the products that it makes, and therefore of the profits that come from the sale of those products.  Stocks are concrete wealth, not just tokens that by common convention are exchangeable for concrete wealth.  The stock market is where companies are bought and sold.  It is where new companies get money to build factories and such.  The stock market will not go away, even if, by miracle, bitcoin were to take the place of the national currencies
@_date: 2018-07-02 00:59:00


I suspect that "OTC" means different things for each of us. 
If you mean the market for shares of the fund (like the OTCQX index that lists shares of Silbert's GBTC), then *some* manipulations may be prevented, maybe.  But should't the nominal value be defined by something independent of the fund itself?
If you mean the OTC market for bitcoins, that is even less regulated than the exchanges, and there is no global index -- the closest thing being Localbitcoins.
@_date: 2016-10-17 07:56:29
You mean, make shit up like "bitcoin is used more for legal payments than for illegal ones"?  
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:25:42
Bitcoin (or any virtual instrument) cannot "store" value.  Its value will be whatever value people will be willing to pay for it.  In the case of bitcoin, that will always be defined by speculation -- that is, the speculator's hope that  some day other speculators will give it value.  There is no reason to believe that the price next week will be around $630.
@_date: 2016-10-16 08:47:02
Dear and I am a computer scientist and I don't know much of finance and investing, but I daresay that you know even less than I do.  I am sorry, but if you can't see the difference between investing in bitcoin and investing in stocks, I don't think this debate will lead anywhere.
@_date: 2016-10-16 05:55:50


It is hard to admit that you are wrong when you know that you are right (and 99.99% of mankind seems to agree).
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:10:11
I thought that it already had such a list.  In some states, at least.
@_date: 2016-10-15 21:22:37


Not at all.  From its creation in Jan/2009 to  Jun/2015, most (if not all) blocks were much smaller than 1 MB.  
In late 2010, when the 1 MB limit was introduced, the average block size was well below 10 kB.  Today, the limit shoud be 100 MB or more; and the average block size would still be less than 2 MB.
Miners are the most affected by large blokcs.  If they feel that larger blocks mean less revenue, they have only to raise their fee threshold.  That is how all businesses in the world cope with increased demand for their products.
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:26:01


Yes definitely, it is the anonymity of addresses that attracts criminals to bitcoin.  It would never have become a "currency of crime" without that feature.
@_date: 2015-04-29 23:11:37
This does not make sense. Everybody hates banks; bitcoin is here to destroy the banks; why shouldn't the banks help bitcoin do that?  The banks would not secretly pay the bank managers to protect the banks, would they?  Is it possible that bank managers secretly like banks?  
@_date: 2015-04-15 03:42:08
There are about 750'000 blockchain addresses that have at least 0.1 BTC (~22 USD) in them.  While some active bitcoin users do not own any such address, many of them own several such addresses.  Therefore it seems likely that there are no more than 750'000 active bitcoin users now.
@_date: 2015-04-24 13:08:35
Well, they had a third option -- not buy bitcoin in the first place. ;-)
Seriously, bitcoin is "hyper-obese" now because of speculative investment.  Bitcoiners who bought cheap and are holding, expecting to make a profit, are responsible for keeping the price up at the present levels. If the price collapses before they can sell, they will lose their money, and that is bad.  If they do manage to sell at a profit, whoever buys their coins will be in the same situation.  The price cannot keep rising indefinitely more than the price of productive stock; when it stops doing that, all holders will sell, and therefore the price will collapse; and the prospect of that happening will make the other outcome more likely.  Anyway you turn it, bitcoin investment and trading is a negative-sum game, so any profit that someone makes is someone else's loss.
The price being 50x more than what it should also means that the amount of money that goes to the miners is 50x times what it should.  Right now, it is probably more than the total volume of e-payments using bitcoin (it should be 1-2% of that volume, at most)
The overinflated price also means that the transaction fees are negligible compared to the block reward.  That seem the explanation for miners issuing empty of half-filed blocks even while there are transactions pending in the queues.  Namely, miners have practically no incentive to include transactions into their blocks (an have some reasons for leaving them out). 
@_date: 2015-09-17 20:36:45
I meant *actual* use, not just *potential* use.  
@_date: 2016-10-04 06:58:18
For Satoshi, "node" means "miner".  So yes, it was implmeneted in the first version and has not changed.
The "full but non-mining relay nodes" are not rewarded becanuse they should not exist. They are an aberration that was introduced with the purpose of keeping control in the "right" hand rather than the miners (which should have control, according to the original design).  But they don't improve the security of the network; quite the opposite.
@_date: 2016-10-02 07:13:31
I do strange hours.  Besides, I have a bad cold, and that does not exactly help with my patience.
@_date: 2016-10-18 01:00:22


There is no way to get that information, but we can try to estimate a related parameter: how much money is currently invested in bitcoins? 
Namely, consider each lump of bitcoins in the blockchain (UTXO).  Assume that those coins belong to a single owner.  Estimate the *last buy price* X of those coins, the per-BTC price that said person paid for them.  Multiply X by the amount of coins in that UTXO. Add the result for all UTXOs.
But the last buy X cannot be easily estimated either, because the owner of those coins may have bought them at any date before moving them to that UTXO.  Or he may even have sold them after that date, if the UTXO is an exchange wallet. 
But we can get the same result by looking at the bitcoins that were created.  Consider the coins in the reward (coinbase) of a block that was mined on some date D0.  Those coins may have been split and mixed many times after that date, and each parcel may have been bought and sold many times. (If the miner never sold the coins, we can assume that he sold them to himself.) But the last time one of those coins changed hands, and became the property of its current owner, it most likely was bought  at or near the market price on that day D1.  So, we can get the minimum and maximum last buy price for those coins mined in day D0 by taking the minimum and maximum market price betwee D0 and the present.  Multiply those limits by the number of coins created in that block, and add the result for all blocks.
For example, any coins created on 2012-01-01 may have been bought by the current owner at the then-current price of 5 $/BTC, or at the ATH price of 1163 $/BTC, or anything in between.  Coins created on 2015-01-01 may have been last bought on 2015-01-26 at 154 $/BTC, or on 2016-06-13 at 778 $/BTC, or ant value in between. And so on.
I did that computation sometime in 2014, and posted the result to bitcointalk.org.  Unfortunately searching in that forum is non-functional and cannot find the post now.  As I remember, the lowest bound (assuming each generated coin was bought by its current owner at the cheapest possible price) was about half  a billion.  The upper bound (assuming that it was last bought at the highest possible price) was around 17 billion.   
Note that those two numbers bracket the market cap, that assumes all coins were last bought at today's price.  Recomputed today, the bounds would probably be wider, because more coins were generated and there were further changes of hands between 2014 and now, possibly at lower or higher prices.
Those two numbers are the minimum and maximum amount that new investors must invest in bitcoins, to allow all current holders exit with neither loss nor gain. 
@_date: 2016-10-18 16:14:22


The legality of an instrument is a concern of the organizers.  Investors should care only about expectations of outcomes.


Considering the reactions to my comparison, it is evident that such label does not quite transmit how bad the investment is.   You can't deny that it makes the instrument look like something that one may want to invest in.
Full disclosure should include awareness of the fact that the expected outcomes are the same as those of a lottery.
@_date: 2016-10-24 01:07:28
You should not invest in bitcoin (or any other risky investment) if you have outstanding debts.  Only invest what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2016-10-16 13:44:36


No, it is much worse: you are confusing "facts" with "payments", because you complain that I gave only "two facts" and that cannot say anything about "most payments" 


What a load of... Are you drunk, perhaps?


I gave you strong evidence backing that claim. Anyone with a working brain, seeing that data, should at least consider the claim more likely to be true than false.  
It is your turn now.  Why are you dodging the ball?  (Rhetorical question, you do not need to answer.)
@_date: 2016-10-08 10:48:31


Think of how many businesses you use your credit card with in a month.  10? 100?  If you have 10 BTC, how would you split them between that many channels, before knowing how much you will need in each channel?
The reason I am highly skeptical of the LN is that it does not have even a napkin sketch *with numbers* that is *economically* viable.  No one will *want* to use the LN.
@_date: 2016-10-24 08:20:10
It is great advice to keep people from ruining their lives.  As bitcoin already did, many times.
@_date: 2016-10-16 22:53:50


No. I think it will go to zero simply because better systems will surely arise, and take away its market.  (Ethereum was on its way to do it, but it may never recover from the DAO disaster.)  And, unlike national currencies, there will be no conversion of bitcoins to the new currency.
@_date: 2015-04-03 05:41:39
Well, it had considerably fewer citations than the ones below it on the Google Scholar's list.    8D
@_date: 2016-10-25 15:06:09


None of these applications has yet been demonstrated to be economically viable.  
Remittance is the one that seems closest to that stage, but the costs of conversion at both ends are always left out of the analyses; and the loss of a single payment due to hacking or mistake would wipe out the savings of hundreds of transactions.


Governments will not tolerate illegal uses of bitcoin.  If they conclude that they cannot stop such uses, they will move to stop bitcoin -- by closing exchanges and Localbitcoins,  setting traps for OTC traders, etc..
@_date: 2016-10-16 05:49:54


No they arent.  If that was true, for one thing, bitcoins mined in 2009 would be worth fractions of a penny, because they were mined with no effort.


Even if that was true, the value of that service will benefit the users, not the bitcoin "investors".  The holders of bitcoin will not get a sliver of a penny from the fees paid by the users.  
Bitcoin peddlers usually try to mislead people into thinking that investing in bitcoins is investing in the bitcoin network.  It is not.
@_date: 2016-10-08 11:40:06


They don't have to; it is an open fact.  Governments generally put limits on the fraction, and act as insurers of last resolr (for smaller accounts) when a bank is unable to make good on its IOUs.


Think of the LN as a (clumsy and complicated) kind of cash.  The fact that banks use cash does not prevent them from engagng in fractional lending -- unless everybody only uses cash, and never borrow money. 
 In the same way, the use of LN by the "bitcoin banks" would not prevent fractional lending, as I described above -- unless everybody just used the LN with no bitcoin borrowing.
As Frances Coppola observed in a Forbes blogpost, some months ago, economically the LN is just a reinvention of correspondent banking that existed in Europe in the 15th century.  It will inevitably evolve to resemble modern banking, for the same reason: it works better.
@_date: 2015-09-02 22:15:12
Beware, Tradeblocks too may get its queue data from a "censoring" node, I don know.
I wonder if there is some smart guy out there who is recording ALL bitcoin transaction requests that he can get, for off-line analyses and diagnostics.
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:11:07


Sigh. For the umpteenth time, the dollar has a powerful entity that tries to preserve its value (minus a bit of inflation), and has done a good job at that for the last century.  
Bitcoin does not have anything to hold its value.
And, for the bisumpteenth time, currencies are not meant for investing.  Only fools and criminals "invest" in them.  So, saying that the dollat is a shitty investment does not make bitcoin be a good one...
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:08:23


I wish I had a filthy dollar for every bitcoiner who cannot tell the difference between investing in bitcoins and investing in stocks.
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:19:59
Certainly not by putting their money into a speculative game.
Prudent investors buy real estate, or other goods that are likely to be in demand many years from now about as much as they are today.  Or stocks of good companies, when they are not overpriced by speculation.  Or bonds that correct for inflation, issued by solid banks or governments.
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:36:24
Look at the historic gold price charts.  
I don't know whether the gold ETF caused the tulip bubble of 2002-2011, but it can only have helped it.  That bubble caused many investors to lose billions, while others profited billions without rendereing any useful service to anyone.  
The bubble and its sequels also caused gold to become to expensive for many useful industrial applications.
The world would certainly have been much better if the gold ETF had never been created.
@_date: 2016-10-31 22:35:00
Hey, I was there... Lula got elected because Fernando Henrique's goverment was a disaster.  He was the worst president that this country ever had.  Not even Collor did so much damage as FHC. The unpayable public debt that we have today was created by him, to sustain the illusion of a stable real = dollar -- which lasted only until he got reelected.
But with Globo and Veja and Folha pumping pig manure into people's heads, who cares about truth any more?
@_date: 2016-10-24 09:20:30
You mean the jump from ~635 to ~650?
That junp seems to have been pulled by the Chinese exchanges.  The best candidate for the cause, that I know of, is a conference of miners that happened in China at about that time.  It seems that some bullish price predictions were made there.
@_date: 2018-04-19 00:37:00


The issuance cap created the expectation that the price would "go to the Moon" in some indefinite future.  That caused people to buy it as investment and hoard it, instead of using it as a currency.  That in turn caused the price to rise, which attracted even more hodlers. With 95% or more of the supply locked up in hoards, any small change in the gut feeling of the hodlers causes huge swings in the market price.  And these swings in turn have made use as a currency impossible -- except by the criminals, who depend on miners ignoring KYC/AML, and by a small number of fanatic believers.


[That is ridiculously not true](  And the supply of gold is practically unlimited; how much is mined each year is just a matter of market price.
Gold is in fact a commodity with a relatively stable final consumption (for jewelry and industry).  That consumption provides a floor price, that I guess is 300 USD/oz or less.  
The other 75% of the current market price is the result of hoarding and speculative trading, like occurs with bitcoin; and, like bitcoin, that component is extremely volatile and unpredictable.  
Bitcoin does not have a final consumption, and therefore its price is 100% determined by hoarding and speculative trading.


People say that only because there is no way to solve the problem, so they must pretend that it does not exist.
The security model of bitcoin depended totally on the assumption that mining would be dispersed among thousands of anonymous *independent* miners.  With 70% of more of the haspower in half a dozen pools, the protocol is no longer secure.  


Miners and pools have already chosen to do things that were against the interest of users, such as keeping the 1 MB block size limit and implementing SegWit.  They did that because the hodlers and traders who determine the price of bitcoin could not care less for its users.  
In fact, those developments happened only because mining was concentrated in a few pools, whose owners could be pressed, bribed, or blackmailed into acceptance.   In fact, every soft fork change to the protocol is a successful "51% attack" on it.
Thus one does not need any imagination to see what the concentration of mining means for the protocol.


Only criminal or fraudulent merchants see payment reversals as a big problem.  Honest legal merchants have low rates of fraudulent reversals, because they can dispute the reversals with the card company and use the police to deter fraudulent ones.  
On the contrary, payment reversals are essential to protect customers against fraudulent merchants, theft, and errors.  The feature was not an imposition of the card companies and banks: it is a major hassle for them, which they must bear because otherwise no one would use their services.


Check the USAF coup attempt.  It depended on Core sympathizers controlling most of the non-mining relays that Core clients would be connected to.  The cost for setting up a non-mining relay being very small, one could subvert the network (as the UASFers intended) with very little investment.


Of course.  Even ransomware hackers think that ransomware is a benefit. 8-)
However, most people still see those illegal uses as very bad.  That is why they are illegal, and that is why the jackbooted gubmint thugs will want to stop them.
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:51:16
No. Any asset that is 75% a ponzi game is 75% a ponzi game.  Gamblers may find it attractive, but prudent investors will just look elsewhere.
I suggested 25-75 because that is what gold is right now, and we can assume that it is enough for the SEC.  (Athough it is quite obvious that the world would have been billions of dollars better if the gold fund had never been created.) 
@_date: 2016-10-17 11:13:59


You can call it that, if you prefer the finance manager view of things.  But the house is providing a service, and the resident is paying for that service.  It is no different than owning a hotel, or owning a laundromat.


I would rather say "non speculative" than "legitimate", to avoid value judgements.


The last two reasons can be attributed to a service provided by the owner, namely "transportation in time".  It is not really speculation, because the increase in value would accrue anyway to whoever owns a house in that place.  
Speculation is when the price is significantly pumped up by the extra demand of people who buy with the intent to make a profit by selling for a higher price.  The speculator then must rely on ever increasing speculation to get his profit.  Mathematically, his expected profit will then be zero.
@_date: 2016-10-09 03:51:10
I don't keep track.  
I recall hitting some easy shots, like companies turning out to be scams or going bankrupt, bitcoin remittances failing in general, the 21.inc "bitcoin computer" flopping, etc..  But I was hardly the only critic, so there was not much merit in that.
I recall two mistakes.  One, I predicted that, in the event of a hard fork with a coin split, one of the branches would quickly die and miners would rush to support the majority one.  But that did not happen in the case of the Ethereum split.  It turns out that the miners are followers not leaders in that situation: to maximize their profit, they will constantly shift their equipment between the two chains, so that the hahspower behing each branch will be proportional to its price.  And smart exchanges would support both branches right from the start, without taking sides.
Two, I predicted that, as the bitcoin transaction traffic got too close to the capacity, the fee market would kick in, there would be huge "traffic jams" lasting days, the fees and delays would become unpredictably high, and clients with urgency would have to keep re-adjusting the fees to try to get in, with no guarantee of success.  But in fact these effects were  quite small.  As soon as the first "traffic jams" happened,  instead of engaging in the fee market, people simply stopped using bitcoin.  
Apart from those two instances, do you recall any case where my predictions went wrong?
@_date: 2016-10-15 16:18:29


With the 1 MB limit, the network cannot process more than ~240'000 transactions per day, and has been stuck at that mark for the last 6 months.  No matter how much people may be willing to pay, no more than that number can get through.
Indeed, the crisis was not as bad as Mike had predicted in his "crash landing" article, with large backlogs taking days to clear.  Those happened only at the beginning, when the 1 MB limit was hit some six months ago.  But then demand stabilized well below the capacity, so that there are now only temporary backlogs during peak demand hours (when the traffic may be twice as much as in the low hours). 
Mike and other critics assumed that the demand was relatively inelastic.  But, as it turned out, the longer delays and higher fees simply drove many users away.  Now things are in equilibrium, with the remaining users willing to pay just 5x more to wait 10x longer during peak hours...
@_date: 2016-10-10 17:01:17
Presumably you know the [story of Liberty Reserve]( which was used by criminals before bitcoin came along.
This [UN report on drugs]( mentions bitcoin (p18) and may have useful references.
Two FBI releases on ransomware:
There must be better sources, but it is hard to find them among all the short news turned up bu Google...
@_date: 2016-10-16 12:45:23


I don't recall whether I wrote "bitcoin is a ponzi" or "bitcoin is like a ponzi".  I meant the latter of course.
To me, the important feature of a ponzi (that makes it a totally bad investment) is that there is no other money going into it than the investments themselves.  It does not matter whether the fund actually pays out interest regularly, or just claims that the quota of each member is worth more money as time passes.  (Madoff allowed investors to withdraw any part of their quota at any time, but most of them just let the "interest" add to their fictitious quota.)  Whatever the details, the only way an investor can make a profit is by taking some of the money put in by other investors.  Thus, when the game stops, those who were still in it will realize a total loss larger than the profits taken out by those who left before.
In its details, bitcoin is certainly a new kind of pyramid game. It was not me, but a World Bank executive who first called it (as an investment) a "non-deliberate ponzi".  
I am quite sure that Satoshi did not intend for it to be an investment instrument.  He probably got very displeased when, by the end of 2010, people started to put their coins into MtGOX for speculative trading, instead of using it as a currency.  Except the drug dealers, who, at about the same time, "discovered" the virtues of bitcoin as a payment system.
On the other hand, almost every altcoin created after bitcoin was a deliberate ponzi, motivated by bitcoin's ponzi.  The creators thought "why invest in bitcoin, and let early bitcoiners become rich with my money, if I can create my own coin, and become rich with other suckers' money."  More precisely, the motivation combined the investment ponzi with a "private money scam".
@_date: 2016-10-24 08:08:18
... and it just happened again ...
@_date: 2016-10-12 13:46:53
The two designs should not be judged by who proposed them, but by their own merits.  
Should the capacity of the main bitcoin network be unlimited, or capped to a value defined by the developers?  That is the divisive question.
I don't think that "SegWit+2MB" will be a viable compromise.  Both sides can accept SegWit, so that is not a bargaining chip.  But an increase to 2 MB will mean removing congestion and postponing the "fee market" for another year or so.   That is unacceptable for the small-block camp, and too little for the big-block camp.
@_date: 2016-10-14 13:35:11
Last time I checked, GBTC was restricted to qualified investors (with proven 1 M$ or more disposable cash, is that right?) and could be traded only via investment brokers.  It also cannot be directly used in IRA pension accounts, pension funds, etc.
An ETF would allow anyone to invest, and could be used in IRA accounts and other institutional funds.
Is this correct? 
@_date: 2016-10-15 23:04:16


That was in June 201o5, when the normal demand was still well below saturation.   But for more than 6 months the normal demand has hit the limit, in that sense I described.  Blaming hostile "fee events" is burying the head in the sand.


They are doing that right now.  Just look at the transactions per day chart of the last couple of years.


While there is no backlog, the proper fee is the minimum fee.  It results in next-block confirmation.  Any higher fee would be wasted.
If a backlog forms, it means that the demand (txs arriving at the miners) is greater than the capacity (1 MB/block).  Then, no matter what fees the wallets select, some txs will have to wait many blocks, until the demand drops again below capacity and the backlog starts to clear.
If backlogs never occurred, the 1 MB limit would have as much effect as a 100 MB limit, that is, none at all.  Then the demand would continue growing as it was growing before the 1 MB limit was hit.  
This is obviously not the case.  The only thing that could have caused the demand to stop growing at that precise point is the recurrent backlogs, with consequent increase in fees and long delays.   That naturally drives users away until the backlogs are just tolerable for the remaining users. 


Stop denying the obvious...
@_date: 2015-09-05 03:59:47
Sorry, I may have crossed the threads of discussion.  I thought that you were saying that, if a mining majority cartel (MM) tried to take control, the "economic majority" (EM) would punish them by refusing to buy their coins.  
I don think so: the EM cannot punish the MM without doing much greater damage to themselves, whereas the MM can block the coins of the EM for as long as needed.
@_date: 2015-09-07 07:45:36


I meant "legit" = "not by coinwallet.eu"
@_date: 2015-09-03 18:01:39
BitPay was supposed to be strictly a payment processor, that gets bitcoins from customers and delivers dollars to merchants.  It does not keep coins on behalf of customers, and should not be used to convert bitcoins to cash -- e.g. by purchasing a 230 USD smile from oneself, paid with 1 bitcoin.  (At least, that was their TOS until some months ago. Did they change?)  Those restrictions are important, because by being strictly a payment processor they did not have to get state Money Service or Money Transmission licenses.
Coinbase, on the other hand, is an exchange and "bitcoin bank" that also does payment processing services.  Since they hold bitcoin and dollar deposits on behalf of customers, they need to get MSB/MTB licenses, and comply with different sets of regulations.
@_date: 2015-09-15 18:42:53
Why would they want to do that?  
@_date: 2015-09-11 01:46:43
Seconded.  And don't forget Satoshi: he was at least complicit in introducing the 1 MB limit, and failed to carry out [his explicit promise]( to increase it later.
@_date: 2016-10-16 22:50:15


That would make sense, and indeed is how national digital payment systems work (in Ecuador, for example).  But it is not possible with bitcoin, because there is no way to prevent someone from creating and using unregistered addresses.  
It would have to be an entirely different system.  Since addresses must be given out by the government, then there is no reason to have a distributed payment system.  One can just use the government servers to prevent double-spends and confirm transations, much more efficiently and quickly than the blockchain can do.
But that is exactly how the national payment systems work.
@_date: 2016-10-18 11:03:53


Stockholders (the holders of public companies) generally do much less than landlords do.  You must be thinking of owners who also act as managers.


Of course there is,  Services that people desire are wealth too: a society with a certain service available is wealthier than one without it.  A society with a house that is being lived in is wealthier than a society without the house, or with the house boarded up.  A house that is lived in full time is rendering twice the service of a house that is rented only 6 months per year.


This is an arbitrary definition,  A hotel needs employees to render its service, sure.  But some properties can render useful service without a permanent staff: laundromats, vending machines, toll bridges with automated payments, etc.  Or a house that can be rented.


Thanks, but I prefer to reason with meaningful concepts rather than with arbitrary word definitions and etymologies.


You still miss the point.  INVESTING in an instrument that has ONLY speculative demand is LIKE investing in a ponzi, an MLM schema, a penny stock, or lottery tickets: because such instrument is not a productive property, but only the pretext for a zero-sum (or negative-sum) gambling game.
Investing in a productive asset, like stocks or laundromats or houses for rent, always has some risk of course, but the odds are completely different.  It is a positive-sum game: it is quite possible, and indeed quite common, that ALL investors will make a satisfactory profit.  Which is not the case for a purely speculative instrument.
@_date: 2016-10-02 20:21:24


I am being highly skeptical...


He definitely knew that he could build one.  The Tesla did not require any brilliant invention.  It was not even the first consumer electric car.


I don't know about his plans.  Either he has ideas aboit how to solve the known big problems (radiation, long weightlessness, etc.), or he may be stepping out of his bounds.  (If the latter, it would not be the first time that someone got blinded by his early sucesses and thought himself capable of *anything*.) 
When Satoshi started implementing bitcoin, he was fairly certain that he could do it because he had developed the idea for one year on paper, finding a workable solution for all problems and analyzing its efficiency.  Even so he waited until the implementation was ready and working before he told the world about it.
In contrast, Blockstream decided to make the LN an *essential* part of their roadmap before they had even a napkin sketch of the system, and no idea of its usability and economic viability.  They did that partly because they are hackers,  not engineers; but mainly because they absolutely needed something to sustain the promise that bitcoin would scale to Visa size "soon", as the bitcoin investors wanted.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 08:51:42


Definitely not.  The dollar and the euro are used by hundreds of millions of people,  and they never had a speculative rally like bitcoin.  Except for minor fluctuations, their market value is just their utility value as a currency.
The latter is given by the equation P = V x T / N, where P is the currency's value (say, in USD), V is the volume of payments made with that currency (USD/day), T is the average time between two payments using the same unit of currency (days), and N is the number of units of currency in circulation.   
For bitcoin, the most optimistic estimates for V and T give a price P below 10 USD/BTC.  Its market price is almost entirely defined by speculative trading -- people buying now for $630 because they "feel" that, sometime in the futire, someone will want to pay more than that for 1 BTC, based on the same sort of "feeling".


If the price hadn't exploded, no one would care about bitcoin, and no one would invest 70 million $ into a bitcoin company.


Centralizatin of mining is driven by many forces that blockstream has no control on.  Block size makes no difference to it.
Blockstream devs know that, and are not really worried about centralization.  That was only one of the FUD items that they used to retain control of the software.  They fight to keep the block size capped beause that is part of Greg's new design for bitcoin.


As a currency, bitcoin is worse than almost any national currency.  As a payment system, it is worse than the traditional ones.
@_date: 2016-10-19 19:02:24
Shareholders also own the company's debts and labor obligations. One must account for alll liabilities when evaluating the company's worth.  That is where professional auditors justify their fees.  
@_date: 2015-09-12 05:08:32


That is *your* rhetoric, and of those who want to retain control...


An attacker with a certain budget X can do far more damage to the system if the size cap is 1 MB  than if it is 8 MB.   Say that an attacker today wants to delay 50% of the legitimate traffic for 10 hours.  Because of the 1 M cap, it could do that by issuing as little as ~520 kB of transactions every 10 minutes, for 60 blocks, with a certain fee F (that may increase during the attack, but will tend to some steady value).  Then the backlog of legitimate traffic, amounting to 60 x 230 kB, would take at least another 5--7 hours to clear.  In contrast, if the cap was 8 MB, the attacker would have to issue ~5770 kB of transactions, every 10 minutes, to get the same effect.  The fees that the has to pay would be the same as in the other case for the first 6 blocks, and may not reach the steady state; but in any case he would obviously spend the same budget in much less time, 1--3 hours, instead of 10 hours.  And then the backlog, that would be only a fraction of the size (say, 12 x 230 kB) would get completely cleared in 10 minutes, instead of 5-7 hours.  In both cases, the amout of spam added to the blockchain woudl be almost the same; ony that in the first case it will be spread out as ~100 blocks of ~750 kB each, in the second case as ~7--10 blocks of ~6MB each.
I cannot believe that the devs cannot understand this.
@_date: 2015-04-02 19:30:51
Another possibility is that sponsorship by "the coin of drugs and crime" was hurting the Bowl.  Some college sports teams and fans may have been bothered by the association.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:37:32
"Dear retiree: if you are looking for a safe investment to secure your life savings against future economic turmoil, our Bitcoin Hegde Pedge Fund is the answer you are looking for.  By investing in our shares, you will be placing your future in the nimble hands of thousands of anonymous amateur Chinese day-traders, with proven experience in the trading of fermented tea, garlic, and distributed cryptocurrencies.  The value of your investment will solidly rest on their future collective expectation about their future collective expectation about their future collective expectation of the value of your investment."
Does that explain why the Bitcoin "news" sites carefully ignore the existence of China?
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:17:28
That thread was started by a bitcoiner troll, clearly as a provocation.   He merely got the answers that he asked for.  
Why does bother you so much?  
@_date: 2016-10-18 21:58:20


Being generous, yes.  But whereas gold is consumed by its fundamental demand; bitcoins are not destroyed when someone buys them to use as currency.  Thus, much of the time, users will be buying (or receiving in paymen) "used" bitcoins from other users.  They will not need to buy constantly from investors.
Moreover, the fundamental demand of gold is "constant" in oz terms; whereas the demand for bitcoin as currency is "constant" in USD terms.  It means that there is no connection between the volume of use as currency and the price.
For example, suppose that 95% of the bitcoins are in hoards, the market price is P, and the USD volume of payments is V.  Now suppose the speculators get a bit more pessimistic, and the hoarding fraction drops to 90%.  That doubles the number of coins available for use as a currency.  But if T does not change, and V is fixed in USD, the price must drop by 50%. That is, the users will just use 2 BTC to pay a $630 bill, instead of 1 BTC. 
So, even though the money velocity equation theoretically relates the price P to the volume of payments V, in practice the price is decoupled from V, and still determined by the mood of the speculators.  
Thus, one cannot assign a funamental value to bitcoin based on the volume of payments.  The volume may increase but the price may drop, or vice-versa.  There is no effective fundamental price while almost all the coins are locked up in hoards.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 16:43:11


Bitcoin was just the first attempt at implementing a cryptocurrency.  It has many flaws that will prevent its widespread use for legal payments.  In fact, one of the flaws is that mining inevitably becomes centralized, because of many factors that favor large integrated mines and pools over smaller ones.  For that reason alone, it should already be considered dead.  
Fixing those flaws, even when possible in theory, will be impossible due to political inertia and the increasing complexity of the system.  
So, even if cryptocurrencies will succeed eventually, it is practically certain that bitcoin will be superseded by better systems, for legal and for illegal payments.  (Ethereum was on its way to doing that already, but it was stopped by the DAO disaster.)  
Unlike what happens when a state replaces a national currency, there will be no program to exchange bitcoins for the new currency at a fixed rate.  When its use as a currency ceases, its value will go to zero.
@_date: 2016-10-17 13:01:59


That is not my point.  There is a huge difference between buying bitcoins and buying a house.  
A house is generally a good investment because it (1) can generate revenue and (2) has a fundamental value, due to people who want to buy it to live in it, that is unlikely to decrease with time. (Only one of these two would suffice to make it a good investment.)  
Whereas bitcoins do not generate any revenue while they are held, and do not have any fundamental demand: they can only be sold to other **investors**.  Thus their value is entirely supported by speculation, without any floor value.  Thus their price is bound to vary randomly, and sooner or later will go to zero.  Thus they are not suitable as hedges or stores of value; the only reason to invest in them would be the expectation of fat profits through speculative trading.  But, being a zero-sum game, the average profit of the investors will be zero. 
In fact, because of the mining input, investing in bitcoins is a negative-sum game: the sum of all investor losses will exceed the sum of all investor profits by several hundred million dollars.


By that argument, the owner of a company is also a free rider, because he gets revenue from its products without doing nothing himself.
But my objection to speculative vs productive investments has nothing to to with morality or justice.   Instruments whose price is largely or entirely due to speculative demand are just stupid investments -- like "investing" in lottery tickets or MMM's ponzi.


 I think we both understand well enough all the topics.  My terminology may be non-standard, but my point should be clear anyway, I hope.
@_date: 2016-10-16 05:44:47


You are mixing two completely different things.  The [Liberty Dollar]( was a private currency issued in the US.  [Liberty Reserve]( was an outlaw bank operating in Costa Rica, that allowed people to open accounts with the email only and was used for illegal payments before bitcoin.


For the umpteenth time, NO, that is WRONG. They make their profit from dividends and/or because they own the company, and the company gains value -- real value, as in factories and patents and inventories, not just in the fancy of other speculators.
Bitcoins are not shares of the bitcoin network.  They are shares of nothing.  The only "value" that they can have is what other speculators may imagine that they have; and these in turn can only expect to get that value from even grater fools. 
If you can't understand that, no wonder you can't see the difference between investing in stocks and investing in bitcoin, or lottery tickets...
@_date: 2016-10-15 19:27:02


My suggestion is that you do the opposite of what I suggest.
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:02:39
Why should I bother? If you want to believe the opposite, and you are not willing to look for evidence to back it up, I would be just wasting my time.
@_date: 2016-10-02 01:51:11


The LN can be used only if both parties have created a payment channel previously, are both running an LN wallet, and there is a path of payment channels connecting them.   Nothing of that can be the case presently.
@_date: 2016-10-17 09:42:54
Your Honor, I rest my case.
@_date: 2015-09-05 11:58:21


The merchants won't notice anything because most of them get 1 bitcoin payment every 3 months, or even less. 8-D
Once more, you are *assuming* that all those companies will choose to lose the 400 PH/s mining network and switch to an altcoin with a toy network.
Can you imagine how the rebel's announcement will be like?  
"Dear bitcoiner friends and bitcoin companies: as you know, the big miners have decided to increase the max block size to 16 MB, starting three months from now; a move that we find unacceptable.  Therefore we have created this version of the software, that we call BitcoinPure, which uses a completely different PoW algorithm that renders all ASICs useless.  If you love bitcoin the way ~~God~~ ~~Satoshi~~ ~~Gavin~~ Greg made it (except  the current PoW code, of course), please  download BitcoinPure and erase your copy of whatever software you are running now.  We will have only a tiny CPU mining network that may be overcome with a few thousand dollars worth of cloud computing, but you surely agree that it is better live one day as a fighting mouse than a hundred years as a bored lion.  Don't worry about the difficulty and block rate, we have patched that part of the code too so that the BitcoinPure blocks will not come out once every million years but (we hope, cannot be sure of course) still once every 10 minutes.  If you are a wallet provider (like Mycelium), or (like Blockchain.info) you have any software that checks block hashes, you will have to patch it to use the new block hash ~~fucktion~~ function; please read our blog to learn how.   Due to the urgency of the matter, BitcoinPure will enable the new PoW formula a week from now, and then any miners who have opted for it will start mining the Pure branch.  If you continue using BitcoinCore or any other traditional implementation after that deadline, be warned that any transactions you issue will be canceled when you finally switch to Pure. And also..." 
@_date: 2016-10-02 04:09:16


See my other comment to this thread.  One cannot create a channel unilaterally: the other party must provide bitcoins and sign the transaction.  
Anyway the creation of the channel is not instantaneous.  It takes the usual 10 minutes average;  and the receiver must wait until it confirms, otherwise nothing is gainerd.  The risk of accepting a virtual payment throughan unconfirmed channel is the same as that of accepting an unconfirmed transaction.
There is no advantage in creafing a payment channel for each payment.  It only replaces one on-chain transaction by two.
@_date: 2016-10-17 07:26:42
Ah, the "fungible" manure again.  May be the best example of all the words that bitcoiners need to redefine to sustain their fantasy universe.  Like "store of value", "security", "volatility", "scarcity" -- and "money", of course.
@_date: 2016-10-18 15:12:29


Sure, but many people think that, since speculation is legal, purely speculative instruments (like bitcoin) are valid investments, not at all like ponzis and lotteries.  I am calling attention to the fact that -- from a purely risk/benefit angle, apart from legality -- investing in such instruments is just as bad as investing in a ponzi or lottry.  


Why cant people see the word "like" in what I wrote?
Elephants are not hippos, but having an elephant in your living room is like having a hippo, when you are planning to throw a party for your friends.
@_date: 2016-10-08 11:06:34
I am guessing that much of the positive coverage in the mainstream media (WSJ, Bloomberg, Forbes, etc) were sponsored by large bitcoin holders and bitcoin enterprises like Coinbase, Circle, BitPay, Greyscale, 21.inc, exchanges, etc..
I expect also that those same sources are suppoting most of the "bitcoin news" sites.
@_date: 2016-10-15 13:57:06
SegWit is basically a fix to the malleability bug, and no one is against that.  However:
+ That fix is less urgent than removing congestion, but Core has decided that SegWit is top priority and refuses to address the latter until it is deployed;
+ Core is using the small one-time capacity increase that SegWit will provide as if it was an alternative to removing congestion:  "we can't set you free, but we will add one more yard to you chain; why are you not satisfied?" 
+ SegWit is way more complicated than needed to fix the malleability bug.  Core picked that complicated solution so that they could deploy it as a soft fork. The much simpler alternative would require a hard fork, in which case it would be impossible to refuse lifting the block size limit at the same time.
@_date: 2016-10-02 07:10:58


The *original* funds.  So if Alice and Bob put down 5 BTC each, then Alice paid Bob 4 BTC for a laptop through that channel, both get back 5 BTC -- meaning that Bob loses the 4 BTC, and Alice keeps the laptop for free.


As I said, it has a fuzzy spec and and no implementation.  It is perfectly logical to point out that the fuzzy spec itself is fraught with problems.
There is no design for a manned mission to Mars yet.  But we can already point out many serious problems with the idea of such a mission, that we do not know whether they can be solved at all.


Even an "early version" must work.  You cannot start an airline with airplanes that do not fly, and say that it will be improved over time.
As an engineer, you must know that you don't sell a product that you are not sure that you can build.
@_date: 2018-04-21 16:15:45


You don't seem to understand what a "51%" attack is.  Pools would do 51% attacks to earn MORE coins in the long run -- not to stop paying their members. 
If  three pools with 51% of the hashpower were to collude to (say) orphan the blocks of all other pools, miners would migrate TO those cartel pools, not AWAY form from them.


If a miner is mining on his own and has only 1% of the total hashpower, his best strategy (that maximizes his expected profit) is the "selfish greedy" one: mine honestly on the longer valid chain that he knows about.  That is why Satoshi thought that his protocol would work.
However, if three pools have more than half of the total hashpower, they can make more profit by other strategies than the "selfish greedy" one.  For example, as said above, they can ignore the blocks of all other miners.  Once the difficulty adjusts in their chain, they would be taking 100% of the rewards and fees with the same hashing work.  Or they can take bribes to freeze certain coins. Or they can demand that you pay 50% of your coins to let you move them.  And so on.  That is why Satoshi's proofs do not hold for the current bitcoin network.


That was a very bold statement you made there... ;-)


Believers claim that the mission of non-mining "nodes" is to validate the work of miners, to protect the system against malicious ones.  That is utter bullshit: those "nodes" only break Satoshi's proofs, they have no motivation to validate anything or relay the right data,  and there is no way to tell whether a "node" is doing its job.  But it is the believers' claim.


You may define "sibyl attack" in various ways, but the name does not matter.  The important thing is that Core and its supporters intended to impose a minority branch as the "official" branch of the chain, by controlling the majority of **numbers** of those (cheap) nodes, rather than a majority of the (expensive) hashpower.
@_date: 2015-09-03 22:51:19
There is no evidence or argument indicating that block size is a significant factor in mining centralization. 
Mining is extremely centralized already, with over 70% of the hashpower concentrated in 5 pools (4 Chinese, 1 Ukranian).  The reasons for the concentration are obvious: economies of scale in the cost of equipment, electricity, cooling, building, maintenance, security, and management;  more sophisticated management and programming; in-house chip and subsystem design.  For mining pool members, the block size does not matter because they only need to send and receive the header.
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:42:22
Come, Patsy!
@_date: 2016-10-16 01:40:08
No. It has value because (and as long as) other people give it value.  The US government generally works to keep that value constant, minus some inflation.
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:08:48


OK, that is an extreme example of how speculation can in fact hurt the fundamental value of what could be a solid asset.
My estimate is that the fundamntal price of gold, defined by its industrial and speculative demand, is 300 $/oz or less.  However, if the speculative  demand on gold were to fall back to the levels pre 2001 (that is, practically nonexistent), the price of gold could drop to much less than 300 $/oz: because the huge stockpile of gold that resulted from speculative hoarding would be available to satisfy the fundamental demand, at zero production cost.


That may be easier to determine.  But my definition is the market price that would prevail if there was no demand for investment purposes, only for consumption or other end use.


I am only trying to apply your view of the home owner to the company owner.  It is not my view.


I have nothing against gambling, if the players know that they are gambling and understand the expected gains.  
My objection is that bitcoin "peddlers", and the ETF in particular, are trying to bring people into the game by pretending that its is a valid investment, "just like stocks".  


Mavrodi alleged that his MMM schemes were not fraud, because he did not hid the fact that they were just pyramid schemes.  Some governments apparently did not agree. However, fraudulent or transparent, his schemes were just as bad as proper ponzis, from the viewpoint of investment quality.  They were zero-sum (or negative-sum) gambling games, where the profits or losses were largely determined by timing of entry and exit, and luck.
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:08:50


Many problems are not just a matter of throwing programmers at them.  Like the space elevator or interstellar travel, it is quite possible that the hard problems have no solution at all; and even if a solution exists, it is quite possible that decades or centuries will pass before it is found.
The problem of preventing double spends in a decentralized payment system was open for 15 years, in spite of much effort by computer scientists and cypherpunks.  Satoshi, an outsider, finally found a method that *almost* worked.  Without him, the problem it could easily have remained open for another 15 years.  And, in spite of 8,5 years of intense search, no one has found yet solutions for the remaining flaws in his "solution".
@_date: 2016-10-08 02:03:36
Not with the basic LN design. 
But if the LN is deployed, it will almost certainly be based on a small number of big hubs.  These big hubs could mutiply the money in circulation in the same way that banks multiply the amount of dollar bills.  
Namely, they would start issuing bitcoin IOUs and lend them to people, backed by a fractional reserve of bitcoins.  That is, the hub has 1000 actual BTC, but issues IOUs worth 5000 BTC.  
The hubs would extend the LN protocol to let clients use those IOUs for payments (much as people today use checks and bank wires as equivalent alternatives to cash).  Clients would even be able to redeem the IOUs for real BTC; the hubs would be betting that only a small fraction of the clients would redeem at the same time.
@_date: 2016-10-16 17:20:35


Do they *buy* gold at today's prices?
Gold would be a good store of value if its price was still close to that determined by  its fundamental demand, which apparently was ~200 $/oz in 2001, and today I guess is about 300-400 $/oz.   But since 2002 its market price has been grossly inflated by speculative investment.  Today's 1200 $/oz is probably 75% pure speculation, 25% fundamental value.  The former is sutained only by the mood of investors, and could quickly drop to near zero again.


The Weimar hyperinflation (and the Brazilian ones, that I lived through) is a good example of what can happen when government is unable to stabilize the value of its currency.   Fortunately Bicoin does not have that problem, because it never had a government to stabilize it in the first place. ;-)
(Before you say: yes, the amount of bitcoins is capped at 21 million, and changing that is unthinkable.  Just as the mark was pegged to gold before 1922, and breaking that bond was unthinkable. But nevertheless the bond was broken when the German government needed it.  
Bitcoin's 21 million cap is guaranteed by the same thing that protected the mark-gold bond: that is, nothing at all.  If the miners get sufficiently desperate, it will be broken too.
In fact, a simple majority of the miners can impose a demurrage fee (which is equivalent to inflation) on the rest of the miners and users, by a soft fork, without these having a chance to refuse.)
@_date: 2016-10-16 18:14:45
Call it pyramid scheme then.  
The details do not matter; what matters is that the ponzi part of gold (that which is above the $300 estimated fundamental price) is a zero-sum game.  In that game, the there is no source of money other than what the investors put in, and the only chance to get even or make a profit is to take money that was put in by another investor.  
So, in the end, the total losses of those who lose in game must be as large as the total profits of those who make a profit.
So the final effect of the ponzi will be (and has been) to move billions of dollars from some people to other people, mostly from later entrants to earlier ones.
@_date: 2016-10-19 22:26:59
It depends a lot on the company.
To be valuable, intangible assets usually require something that ties them to the company, such as patents, copyrights, concessions, contracts, etc.
Some companies (such as Apple) do not pay dividends and reinvest all their profits in expansion.  In that case the investors "collect" the profit simply by becoming owners of the expansion too.  That is usually reflected in the market price of the stock, so the investor can cash out the profit by selling the shares (i.e. selling his slice of the company).
Other companies pay out all profits as dividends.  The company may have very few tangible assets, but the stock nevertheless can have high value because of the expected profits in the near future.
I don't know examples, but conceivably the company assets may have a limited life too.  For instance, imagine a company that is formed to farm timber. Its IPO sells at 100 $/share. The company uses that money to lease a land plot for 10 years and plant pines on it.  During 10 years the companu pays no dividends and slowly consumes the investor's money.  At the end it cuts down the trees, sells the timber, distributes the revenue to investors, returns the land, and closes.  Since it has no more assets, its stock at that moment becomes worthless.  But hopefully the sale of the timber yielded 200 $/share.  So all investors exit with a profit.  The share price slowly increases from 100 to 200 from IPO to just before harvest, as the harvest gets closer and the yield becomes more certain.
@_date: 2016-10-14 17:38:39


Yes.  I meant function in the general sense, that may or may not include user experience.
The goals of the internet (fast efficient flexible data transfer etc.) did not include user experience.  
The goal of bitcoin did include some of it: it was meant to let users send payments through the internet without the intervention of a trusted third party.  
The LN is in such a fuzzy state that the user experience cannot even begin to be specified.  Its "goal" for now is "use payment channels to get traffic off the blokchain"...
@_date: 2016-10-08 06:57:55
The original question was whether the LN would allow fractional reserve.  As I wrote, not by itself; but it will be dependent on large hubs, with will not pass the opportunity to do it.
In fact, fractional reserve lending may be essential to make the LN work in practice.  Imagine a large merchant that colelcts millions of dollars per day from its consumers.  Even if it pays all of it eventually to employees, suppliers, and stockholders, it will not usually have zero net flow on a daily basis.  The payment channels into that merchant must have enough funds to cover a couple million dollars worth of payments.  Ditto for every other merchant in the system.  
Where will those funds come from?  The simplest solution is what banks do today: they pay the merchant with IOUs, not with real money.
@_date: 2016-10-18 12:42:29


Well, I disagree with that.  The house provides a service to its occupants when it is rented (it protects them from rain, cold, and things that go bump in the night), and the rent is payment for that service.  Just as a laundromat or vending machine provides a service (and, in the second case, also stuff) to their customers.
If the house merely exists, it renders no service.


I can see that you like to think of services that are rendered under rental contracts as a concept distinct from other kinds of servce.  I don't see what is the point.


Well, if it is arbitrary, why should I use it?


A purely speculative instrument **isn't** a ponzi scheme, but investing in it (i.e. engaging in a "speculation" that is already underway) it is **like** investing in a ponzi scheme, because it has the same expectations -- namely, zero-sum or negative-sum, with profits and losses determined by hazard rather than by some sort of work.
@_date: 2016-10-24 00:13:41


Actually the community was divided when Greg took control of Core development and proceeded to reform the protocol according to his "fee market"/"settlement layer" model (without even a hint of a BIP to justify it).
The community will not get together until Greg's model is recognized by all as an obvious success, or an obvious failure.
@_date: 2016-10-24 09:31:35


That was not the main reason, since the rally happened across all exchanges.  In fact, comparison of prices indicates that it was pulled by BTC-China and the Beijing exchanges, which had opened only a few months before.  
The fiat withdrawal problems may have been the cause for the 10% premium of price in MtGOX, but that started well before the rally and remained more or less constant until the collapse.  Indeed, I would rather believe that it was the Willy bot that sustained that difference.


I recall warning everybody that MtGOX was obviously bankrupt, when most users were stubbornly refusing to see the signals.  Is that what you are referring to?  Such is addiction...


The price is sustained at this level only by speculation, not by any rational evaluation.   Investing in bitcoins is gambling, and the odds of the game are against you.
@_date: 2015-09-15 18:50:29
The first stress tests only tested the mempools, basically; although they broke Blockchain.Info and a few other sites.
Later stress tests were pointless, because (as you say) several nodes selectively rejected the "spam" transactions.  
I understand that filtering by nodes was effective even in the most recent "stress test", that (IIUC) dumped a truckload of nickels on the blockchain, on open-key addresses, so that thousands of users would scramble to collect them, with many attempts failing because of collisions (two users trying to collect the same nickel).
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:26:23
Because when you buy oil, directly or though an ETF, you are buying something that can be burned to heat things, or refined to power cars.  
But when you buy bitcoin, you are not buying the fuel of the bitcoin economy, that must be consumed to make it work.  The same volume of payments will happen with bitcon, no matter what the price is.   
Ask teh same question of a penny stock.  Like bitcoin, it can be used to settle debts.  But holding shares of that stock does not help it do that function.


Just having limited supply does not make something be valuable.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:45:30
Because the price from 1997 to 2001 was fairly constant, in fact slowly decreasing.  (I haven't checkd what it did before 1997.) That does not prove that there was no speculation, of course.  But any significant speculative demand should have produced more volatility,  like we see  after 2001.  
The industrial and decorative demand and the cost x production curve are unlikely to have changed so much to explain the 9x price rise from 2002 to 2011, and cannot possibly have been the cause of the  25% drop in one year from 2012 to 2013.  Therefor, since 2002 to the present, the price must have been dominated by speculation.
If indeed there was significant speculative overpricing before 2001, then the fundamental price of gold must be even lower than my guess of 300 $/oz.
@_date: 2016-10-17 19:21:11


There is no investment that is zero risk and is *guaranteed* to hold its value for a hundred years.  Or, these days, for 20 years.  It is naive to expect that such a thing could exist: because the value of anything does not reside in it, only in the people who may want it.
The reason to distinguish demand for investment purposes ("speculative") from demand for end use and consumption purposes ("fundamental") is that the latter can *usually* be expected to be more or less stable and predictable over many years, while the former is fickle and can drop from the Moon to sea level in a matter of months, or even hours.  
That is not to say that the fundamental demand cannot do that too, e.g. because of technological breakthroughs or political events.  Only that those disruptions are relatively rare, and often gradual.  Moreover, the fundamental demand, even while shrinking, provides an outlet and floor price for investors to get out -- whereas the speculative demand is likely to be zero at that point.


Actually, I gather that Sweden was importing garbage from Norway to feed their trash-fueled thermoelectric plants, because recycling programs had cut down the "natural" supply.  (But this is just a funny aside.)
Of course, materiality, by itself, does not imply a positive fundamental price.  Just as scarcity, by itself, does not imply a positive speculative demand.


In both cases, the owner earns revenue from new real wealth that is created by the owned object, merely for being its owner.  In the case of a house, the new real wealth is the service that it provides to the people who live in it.  In the case of a company, the new real wealth is the products that the company makes, or the services that it provides to its clients.  In both cases, that new real wealth is sold to "consumers" (not investors) and the money thus obtained is collected by the owner.


Well, to me, as an investment instrument, bitcoin is clearly a purely speculative gambling game, with a guaranteed negative-sum outcome for its investors.   That fact makes investing in it equivalent to investing in a ponzi, or in a penny stock, or in an MLM scam, or in lottery tickets: something that one cannot honestly call "investment".
@_date: 2016-10-16 23:20:10
Speculation is a nice name that hides the fact that it is a zero-sum gambling game that rewards mostly earlier players at the expense of later ones.  
So much so that many people who are engaged in speculative trading, including many bitcoiners, uphold the belief that speculative demand is not different than other demand, and the value of something is just its market price.  That is, buying gold at 1200 $/oz is okay because the value of 1 oz of gold is indeed $1200.
@_date: 2016-10-17 14:15:32


At some times in Brazil inflation was 40% *per month* or more.  People coped with it by getting automatic salary increases every month, and transferring any money they received into special funds offered by banks, that would more or less correct for inflation and allowed immediate withdrawal.  
In the 1990s the new currency, the real, was introduced with fanfare, with a plan that would end inflation. For a while the government kept the real pegged 1:1 to the dollar.  To do that, it had to borrow astronomical amunts of money at ridiculous interest rates; thus creating an unpayable public debt that has long surpassed a trillion dollars, and eats more than 60% of all the government's tax revenue, while growing all the time.  The public of course is generally unaware of that; the debt and its interest payments are always excluded from economic analyses by conservative media.  The end of inflation ensured the reelection of the president who fathered the plan.  But just after he was reelected, the real was suddenly devalued nearly 50%.  That hiccup may have caused more damage than the old hyprinflation, because the infrastructure to cope with inflation (salary indexing, special funds, etc.) had been eliminated.
The root cause of the coup that removed Dilma this year was her attempts to lower the prime interest rate, that determines how much the government pays to the creditor banks.  A constitutional amendment has just been passed, limiting social expenditures of the government (health, education, social security, etc) to a fixed cap set by congress -- thus ensuring that the "right" amount of money will go to the banks.
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:38:26
See my reply [here](
@_date: 2016-10-13 21:31:18


Indeed, and I would notcall those types of investment (where there is no expectation to sell above the fundamental price) as "speculation".  


OK, but that is not investment, it is philantropy.


The problem here is that the value of the service does not return to investors, but to those who use it.   Suppose that bitcoin use in the market surges for a few months and then subsides to a small level again.  The coins that were held through that whole interval will not yield a cent of profitto their holders.
Another problem is that the benefit created by its use as currency is independent of the coin price.  If a surge of hoarding reduces the amount of circulating bitcoin by half, the price will double -- but the volume of payments, measured in USD, will remain the same.  
@_date: 2016-10-08 05:33:10


A purely technical detail.  Many users of Coinbase and Circle believe that they are "using bitcoin".
Just as most people think of money in the bank as being equivalent to cash, users of the "enhanced LN" provided by the hubs will thnk they are using bitcoin.


Indeed that is how they will implement it.  Each hub will have its internal ledger where their IOUs, the LN "vouchers", and real BTC are accounted for.  Again, just like banks do.


Alice has a balance of 5 hub-BTC's (hub-issued IOUs) in her hub account.  She wants to pay Bob 3 BTC, but Bob is an old-fashioned guy and does not like hub-BTC; he wants to receive LN-BTC (the unbroadcast transactions that the LN uses).  No problem: the hub subtracts 3 hub-BTC from Alice's  account, and sends 3 LN-BTC to bob through the normal LN mechanism.
Or vice-versa.  Just like banks do today.
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:19:20
Yes, for people who are not computer-savy and do not understand how hackers can attack, leaving the coins in custody of a company like GBIT or Coinbase is definitely safer than keeping them in their PCs. 
However, I don't think that any bitcoin company is fully insured against theft of their bitcoin holdings.  Coinbase, for example, has insured their hot wallet, but they also promised to keep at least 90% of the client's deposits in (uninsured) cold storage.
@_date: 2016-10-20 22:44:41


I can look at block size plots myself, thanks.  
Can you seriously answer the question? You know that [the daily confirmed traffic]( was well below capacity until Jun/2015, when the "stress tests" started; and even these days it rarely hits the capacity of ~270'000 tx/day only occasionally, normally wandering around 220'000 tx/day.  Obviously, if all blocks were full except for "empties", it should be stuck at the capacity.
@_date: 2016-10-04 18:39:51
There are two separate questions: whether the "full but non-mining" (FNM) relay nodes themselves improve their own security, and whether they improve the security of simple clients.
They cannot do anything about abusive soft forks, of course.  If a simple majority of the miners decides to (say) raise the fees, and reject any block that does not pay enough. the FNM nodes will go along, and perhaps not even notice that a soft fork ocurred.
So the FNM nodes can only act against hard forks -- when one or more miners issue blocks that are invalid by the current rules as understood by the FNM nodes.
Moreover, if the "invalid" blocks are accepted only by a minority of the miners, the FNM filtering is redundant, since the majority branch will prevai by the maority-of-work criterion.  So the FNM nodes are effective only against hard forks where the "invalid" blocks are accepted by a maority of the miners.
For an FNM node N itself, as long as one neighbor serves him the minority branch, N will adopt that branch.  If all its neighbor serve him the majority "invalid" branch, he can do nothing but stop working.  But, is this the "right" behavior?  Should it not ust stop working whenever it sees that the maority branch is "invalid" to his rules?  Maybe there was an emergency hard fork, and his rules are out of date?
For a simple client C, the situation is opposite: as long as one of its FNM contacts serves him the majoriity chain, C will adopt that chain, even though the other FNM nodes consider it "invalid".  Only if alll his FNM contacts serve the minority chain, will C adopt it.  Again, why is this the "right" behavior?


125 is the max number of contacts, but normally an SPV client will contact only a few, correct?


That is just a wish.  There is nothing that forces or encourages FNM nodes to fulfill that wish.  There is no way to check that your FNM contacts have those gioals.
@_date: 2016-10-06 05:53:59
Sice 2005 or earlier, Gold is no longer a good store of value.  Speculation has inflated its market price to many times its "fundamental" value (due to industrial and decorative demand). 
Those who bought gold in 2011, at the peak price of 1800 USD/oz, have lost 30% of their invested value.  My estimate of fundamental price today is less than 400 USD/oz, so there is room for the market price to fall another 60-70%.
Bitcoin's market price too is almost entirely speculative, so it is not a good store of value either.  Both are basically gambling games.
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:03:24
How are double-spends prevented in that case?
Alice sends 1 BTC to Bob with transaction tx1, without broadcasting it.
Bob wants to send 1 BTC to Carol, so he does the cut-through magic and gets a 1 BTC transaction tx2 from Alice to Carol. He sends tx2 to Carol without broadcasting.  (Is that how it works?)
Bob also wants to send 1 BTC to Dave, so he repeats the cut-through magic on tx1 and gets a 1 BTC transaction tx3 from Alice to Dave.  He sends tx3 to Dave without broadcasting it.
Eventually, perhaps after several more cut-throughs, the two transactions are sent to miners,, and one is rejected as a double spend of Alice's 1 BTC. At that point, it is not possible to tell who was the culprit, or even the suspects.
Is this correct?
@_date: 2016-10-28 02:13:38
The transaction fees are an incentive for miners to include all the transactions that they can in their candidate blocks.  It even pays for them to update their candidate block as they receive more transactions from clients.
However, a miner often can start mining a candidate for block N+1 even before he has seen what was included in block N.  That's because he only needs the hash of block N, and he often can get it very quickly by a certain trick.  
In that case, the miner must start with an empty block N+1, even if there are transactions waiting in his queue: because, without knowing the contents of block N, he cannot check whether those transactions are valid or not.  
If he is lucky, he may solve that empty block N+1, even before he finishes downloading the body of block N.  
That is why there are empty blocks.  They should occur only after unusually short inter-block intervals.  
@_date: 2015-04-26 23:09:13
Good analogy, but:


In that analogy, when someone takes possession of an unused locker, he gets the unique key that opens it.  But he must be careful, because that key may be stolen or copied, perhaps even by the clerk who handed him the key; or the locker may have a weak lock, and some thief out there may have a key that opens it.  So, a person who has the key can take possession of the locker's contents, but he is not necessarily its owner.
@_date: 2016-10-16 17:47:02


But gold after 2002 is quite a different thing than it was in the previous two millenia...  Gold peddlers are careful to hide that fact, and use the historical tradition spiel to get investors think that it is still a good investment.


Right now it is 75% a ponzi scheme, 25% a boring improductive low-risk investment.  
That is, if you but 1 ounce of gold today, you pay $300 for the metal and put the other $900 into a ponzi fund.  The $300 you are fairly guaranteed to get back when you sell, but for the $900 you must hope that a greater fool will buy your share of the ponzi for that much.
@_date: 2016-10-16 08:36:19


No, I gave you two FACTS that support my statement.


Sorry, I played, it is your turn now.  Can you give me ONE bit of evidence that would suggest that bitcoin is used more for legal payments than for illegal ones?  Just a tiny little bitty one?  
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:28:24
Congratulations! Just be sure to sell before it goes down below that price.
@_date: 2016-10-16 14:39:21
Indeed, if granpa robbed a bank in 1913 and buried the loot, his nephews would be quite disappointed.
Bitcoin, in contrast, lost only 70% of its value from Nov/2013 to Jan/2015.  
So, what would you rather use to receive your salary and pay your bills?  Dollars or bitcoins?  
Guess what most people would answer...
@_date: 2016-10-13 18:03:42


That is what peddlers of gold and penny stocks what you believe.  If you want to make wise investments, you must look deeper than "it is simply a matter of supply and demand".  You must look at the source of the demand, and think whether it is likely to continue and grow, or may vanish suddenly.
Is the market price of the asset $500 because the company has $400 of capital assets, had string sales last quarter, and is expected to yield $70 of dividends next year?  
Or does it have no assets or dividends, but there is a bunch of speculators willing to buy now for $500 believe they "feel" that next year there will be other speculators willing to buy it for for $700?
@_date: 2016-10-04 22:09:34
Both.  
Full but non-mining (FNM) nodes are claimed to increase the security both for themselves and for the SPV clients that rely on them.  But the only thing that they can do is to reject and hide the majority branch in a hard fork, if they favor  a minority branch insread, and propagate the latter  instead.   
In that case, an FNM node  can continue working on the minority branch only if he happens to have a neighbor (possibly a minority miner) that provides said chain.  
An SPV node will work on the majority branch regardless, unless all  his neighbors reject the majority branch of the hard fork, and at least one of them provides the minority branch.
Either way, why should one assume that the nodes  are "heros", and the minority branch is the "good" one?  The nodes may be "villains", intent on sabotaging a good hard fork.
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:06:18


The miners as a whole now get paid 25 BTC per block, or ~3600 BTC/day, no matter what.  If 1 BTC is worth 250 dollars, then the miners as a whole are getting 900'000 dollars a day.  Some of that is their cost, some is their profit, but all that money comes from the new investors who buy those coins.
In general, if the block reward is N bitcoins, and the price of one bitcoin is P, then the miners get paid at least N x 24 x 6 bitcoins, or N x 24 x 6 x P dollars, every day, on the average. Again, all from the pockets of the new investors.


I did assume 12.5 BTC per block in 2018.  The next halving should be in 2020, so you are right, the last parag should say


@_date: 2015-03-28 23:50:11
I suppose you are aware of [**this example**](
Beware however that there is some controversy about the source of those bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:20:56


Many people with millions to spare already know that. Why aren't they investing?
@_date: 2016-10-16 22:42:34
Translation: You could not find a single sliver of a hint of anything remotely resembling evidence that bitcoin is used more for legal payments than for illegal ones.  You could not find any disqualifying argument to the evidence that I gave that, on the contrary, it is used more for illegal payments than for legal ones.  Therefore, you resort to the [Black Knight Argument]( to conclude that you won.  Congratulations.
(But tell me, o Aristotle Reincarnated, what sort of data or argument would you consider proof of my claim?)
@_date: 2016-10-08 05:15:11
@_date: 2016-10-18 14:15:06


Well, again, I agree that we disagree: you can make that distinction; I just don't see the point of it.
For one thing, it is already cumbersome to refer to the source of revenue of a productive investment as "goods produced and/or services rendered".  With your dstinction, it would be necessary to say also "and/or rental revenue".  The concept would be the same, but it would need more words to express.
It is like considering zero a natural number.  Some people, including many elementary teachers, like to exclude it, for various "philosophical" reasons.  But mathematicians find that formulas and theorems generally become simpler if the set of natural numbers is defined to included zero.


Everybody agrees (well, apparently not everybody) that ponzi schemes and lottery tickets do not deserve to be called "investments", and prudent investors should keep their money away from them.
I merely pointed out that the same evaluation and advice should be extended to any instrument with purely speculative demand -- such as bitcoins -- because it has the same expectations of outcomes.
@_date: 2016-10-24 21:05:52
That's my understanding, yes.  Every time some stock is traded on the t0 platform, the trade will have to be recorded in the blockchain, with a transaction that moves a small amount of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-13 21:10:57


Sigh, it is sad how there is so much misinformation about stocks and securities.
When you buy shares of a company at an IPO, you are giving it money so that it can buy equipment, hire staff, etc.  In return you become owner of a slice of the company.  Then you are entitled to a slice of any profit that it makes doing its business.  If the company reinvests some or all of its profits, or develop some extremely popular products, its value (as property) increases, and so does the value of your slice.  If the company closes for some reason, its remaining assets are sold, and you get your slice of the proceeds. 
A decent entreprise, that did its homework before starting up, is expected to earn some reasonable profit over its investment, either as dividends or as capital growth.  If the company strikes gold and its stock suddenly quadruples in value, the profit of the investors can be justified by them having made a good choice when investing their money.  (Society as a whole gets better when people invest in things that create real wealth, rather than things that consume real wealth.)
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:06:47
Can you estimate the value of 1 BTC that would be determined by that demand, and compare it to the current market price?
@_date: 2015-11-29 18:56:21
Oh, OK. 
@_date: 2016-10-16 20:54:58


I get tired of explaining elementary stuff to people who do not want to learn.


Currencies are meant to be good intermediaries in commercial transactions, not to have nice plots,  A good currency does not need to have the same value over a 100 year span.  It needs to be practically stable over days, weeks, a few years at most.  A little loss of value of 1-5% per year is not only acceptable, but necessary.
So, the fact that bitcoin has recently lost 70% of its value in 15 months, or 25% in a single day (as happened just 3 months ago), makes it totally unusable as a currency.  In contrast, the dollar has been losing value at 1-2% per year for a long time.  It has been a very good currency for more than 100 years.


Gold is currenly about 75% a ponzi scheme (in 2011 it was 90% ponzi).  The stock market may currently have a large ponzi component too, for what I hear.  The housing market was maybe 50% to 75% ponzi in 2008.
By that I mean that when you buy gold, 25% of your money pays for the metal, and the other 75% goes into a zero-sum gambling game, from which it may never come out again.
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:15:08
I gave you two bits of evidence that indicate that there are a lot more illegal payments with bitcoin than legal  ones.
Now, can you give me ONE bit of evidence for YOUR claim?  
@_date: 2016-10-19 16:01:06


For the billionth time, stocks pay dividends and/or expand their assets.  The latter turn into money payouts if and when the company is liquidated.  So it is possible -- even expected -- that every investor in a stock will end with a good profit, even if he holds the shares until their price goes to zero.
This is definitely not true of bitcoin. The average profit of a bitcoin investor will be negative, by MATHEMATICAL necessity.


You can't.  That is why the creation of a private currency is a type of scam.  Once the currency gets some use, the entity issuing the currency will take huge amounts of wealth from those who use it.
It is accepted that a government may do that, because the wealth that the gov takes from the citizens that way is basicaly a tax, that should in principle return to them as services and other benefits.  That return flow does not exist if the issuer is a private entity.


@_date: 2017-05-13 22:27:57


Yes, yes, I am well aware that "day trading is good for everyone" is "common knowledge" ... among all who are engaged in it.
Just as "gold is a better investment than stocks" is "common knowledge" ... among all who are invested in gold or profit from selling such investment.  
And so on.


You still cannot explain how day-trading could be a positive sum game *for the day-traders as a whole*.  Or point to a reference that explains that.
The extreme case of day-trading is high-frequency trading (HFT),  (Which, now we know, was more than 95% of all the bitcoin trading that occurred until two months ago.)  [This]( is the first thing that came up when I googled for "HFT evil".  There are pages and pages of it...
@_date: 2017-05-01 22:51:16


I (and many others) claim that the LN is not viable at all, in any configuration.  I see huge usability and economic problems, whether I consider a single hub or a fully distributed network.  A numerical scenario that stands would show that there is at least one possible future where the LN works.


Not really.  Once the scenario is specified, many questions -- such as the on-chain reduction factor, the "time value" lost due to locking of channel funds, etc. -- can be answered by simple algebra. 
Simulations would be needed only to get more precise answers. Even for this purpose, an LN simulator does not need to actually create the transactions and run the channel algorithms.  It only needs to store the funding and state of each channel, and simulate each channel payment as an opaque event with the relevant economic parameters -- value paid, miner fee, total interaction time, etc.    I believe that a simple LN simulator, at this level, would be only a couple thousand lines of code.


That is a BIG mistake.  Writing code before doing all the analyses that one can do on paper is a sure way to waste years of work. 
@_date: 2017-05-07 15:55:06
Not that I care, but from your username it seems that *you* are in the wrong hole.
@_date: 2015-09-17 18:54:07


HA HA HA HA HAA HAaaaaghn (catching breath) HA HA HA...
Tell me then: 
+ how many bitcoins change owner each day?
+ how many bitcoins are held by Chinese investors?
+ how many bitcoins were last bought for 600 USD/BTC or more?
And the list could go on and on,  In fact, there is almost **NO** reliable and meaningful information about the bitcoin economy.  basically, the only information there is is how many bitcoins were mined so far, and the current price (which is not tied to anything).
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:17:55


Yes, but there is no law that says that miners must use a certain software, or a software that implements a certain algorithm.  


Yes, the Core software implements the strategy that is most profitable in the short term, for its concept of "valid" .  But, again, **"longest" is not part of "valid"**. 


No, that is a "network".  The protocol is the shared algorithm that the nodes follow.   
There is a generic bitcoin protocol, that Satoshi described in the whitepaper.   It includes the notion of unrestricted anonymous mining, Merkle-linked blockchain, proof-of-work, and the observation that the known valid chain with most work is the chain that all players should trust and try to extend, *for their own good*.
There are many specific variants of it, that differ in details that Satoshi left out (like the max block size, the version stamps, the fee policy, the precise format of blocks and transactions), or were obviously arbitrary choices (like the 10 minute target period, the reward schedule, the 2016-block DAA, the number of satoshis per bitcoin) or were later additions (like SegWit, timelocks, scripting features).  


Yes, and as such it should have no power to decide which transactions, blocks, and chains are valid.  Clients should not trust those nodes, because they cannot do anything but lie to them.


In the sense of being announced and identified, that is right, they weren't ever "introduced".  The Core client software just was programmed to insert them between miners and clients.


No.  Satoshi argued that the generic bitcoin protocol should work as intended, based on the assumption that every user can get his transactions delivered to a sufficient number of "selfish greedy" miners, and that he can get the longest branch of the chain that is valid **to him**.   If the software leads the user to contact a specific set of non-mining relay nodes and other nodes that they suggest (as the Core client does), these assumptions cannot be justified, and Satoshi's argument is invalidated.


The UASF plan was an explicit attempt to exploit this flaw of the Core network, by having the non-mining relay nodes loyal to Core - which were a majority of the relays, but not a majority of the hashpower, nor representative of a majority of users, investors, or anything --  hide from clients the longest chain, if it did not accept SegWit. 
That was of course an attempt to break a basic principle of the generic protocol, and the very goal of the project.
@_date: 2018-04-18 23:57:19


That still does not make it a "beta release".  It is still "toy implementation"
A "beta release" is a version of a software that is complete enough to be released to general users for real work, but has been only lightly tested and so it is released with caveats about possible *unknown* flaws, for users who are willing to run the risk in exchange of its features. 
The LN is not meant to be "a system that can carry some payments between bitcoin believers".   It is meant to be "a system that can attract hundreds of millions of ordinary 'agnostic' users and carry many of their payments, better than bitcoin and similar systems".    Since `lnd` can't get anywhere near that goal, it is still not a "beta release" of the LN.  It is not even an "alpha release", nor a "prototype", not even a "proof of concept".  
In fact the release is not even a useful test, because not even the devs can tell whether and how it is being used, how often it fails, etc.


Online merchants have to be online in order to sell, so indeed that is not a reason for them to reject credit cards or the LN.  However, that is an obstacle for non-merchants, who will be the vast majority of users.  In the current system, Alice gets her salary through bank deposit, and then spends it with credit cards.  To switch from credit cards to the LN, she must receive her salary through the LN too.  If she has to be online in order to receive her salary, that will be a problem...
Moreover Alice must keep her LN wallet on the same computer that she must keep online, increasing the risk of theft by hacking.


Can you give a link, or briefly explain how they work?


Indeed, and I have pointed out several times that the "full but non-mining" relay nodes (which were added by the cypherpunks after Satoshi left) completely break the security of the protocol, and should not exist.
But if the relay nodes fail to propagate your transactions, you don't lose coins, you just can't use the system; and you can always try other peers.  If your  Watcher is not actually watching, or fails to intervene as expected, your channels are not secure, but you don't know it; and you can lose money that you received through the LN.


No, I expect the fees to be small, too.  But paying those fees is another annoyance.  
Note that the Watcher needs to watch the blockchain for all possible stale checks that were issued previously through the channel, all the time -- even if the channel has not been used for six months, 




That is not what I meant.  If only half of the bitcoin users are LN users, there will be many cases where an LN user needs to pay a non-LN user, or vice-versa.  That would require closing or opening channels.  
In other words, the LN economy will be separated from the non-LN bitcoin economy by the expensive barrier of channel opening and closing.  Just as the bitcoin economy is separated from the fiat one by the need to trust centralized exchanges and payment processors -- and that visibly is an obstacle to their adoption.  The traditional fiat systems, in contrast, are all connected, with little or no "border crossing" fees.


Because nodes must be balanced in the long run, otherwise their channels would soon be exhausted.  


That would only transfer the problem to her savings "bank".  If the bank receives $3000 from Alice every month for safekeeping, diectly or indirectly, its incoming channels would soon be saturated.  Alice would have to create a new channel to the bank, funded with the $3000 of her salary that she 
If you split the LN nodes in two sets X, Y, the maximum net payment that can flow from X to Y is limited by the total capacity of the channels between the two sets.  Thus, there cannot be a set Y of nodes that persistently receives through the LN, from the other nodes X, more money than it sends to X.  


An LN node that acts as intermediary in a multihop payment  from or to the US will almost surely be considered a money transmission business, and therefore will be required to register with the proper US authority and follow the KYC/AML rules.  A node who refuses to do so will be risking fines and/or jail.
The "freedom" and "privacy" that the LN fans see as an advantage is precisely what the KYC/AML rules were created to prevent.


Banks can't print dollar bills either, and yet they create new dollars all the same.  When Alice gives them $1000 in dollar bills, they invest that into (say) Apple shares, and then create an entry in *their* private ledger that says "Alice has $1000 in her account".  Alice can then buy a TV from Bob, who also has an account in the bank by asking the bank to move those virtual dollars to Bobś  account.  Same thing, but a bit more complicated, if Bob has an account in some other bank.  Meanwhile Carlos, who sold the Apple shares to the bank for $1000 in cash, can also use those $1000 to but a drone from Dave.   
Thus the bank effectively created $1000, without printing any bills.  There is no stealing, because everybody who should have $1000 has that in some form -- cash, shares, TV, drone, or the legal right to receive $1000 from the bank.  And Alice actually finds it more convenient to pay with the bank's "virtual" dollars than with actual cash.  
If the economy went bitcoin, the banks would do exactly the same thing -- and Alice would find the "virtual" bank dollars more convenient (and even more safe) than actual bitcoins, or LN bitcoins.


The LN believers expect privacy (from law enforcement) because they believe it is good.  But privacy is bad because, if it works even partly, it will lead to banning the LN.  And in fact the LN users should not count on it, because there are tricks that can break it in many cases.


That is not the point.  
In order for Alice to send a $500 payment to Zoe, she must first find a path in the network whose nodes are all online and willing to mediate, and whose hops (channels) still have at least $500 of capacity left in the proper direction. 
But she does not know the state of the nodes and channels beforehand.  So she must pick a path that *might* work, and try to send the payment through itt.  If some of the nodes fails to respond in due time or refuses, or some of the channels does not have enough capacity, she must remove those nodes and channels from her map of the network, and try again. 
No one knows how many paths will have to be tried before one is found.  No one knows how often such a $500 payment will fail, even though Alice and Zoe both have a channel with more than $500 of capacity. 


OK, I admit that your article is not as misleading as many other LN articles out there.  However, by calling the criticisms "FUD" you are already implying that they are wrong -- and malicious to boot.   In the announcement above you even say that you were "answering **all** the common FUD"...
The message of your article is that the LN may not be perfect now but there are no unsurmountable obstacles to its success.  That it is like electric cars  or a manned trip to Mars.  In fact it is more like the space elevator, or an artificial gill.  There are several unsolved show-stopping problems with it, that still have no solutions, and there is no reason to assume that they will be solved in any reasonable time frame.
@_date: 2015-11-29 19:25:11
Glad to help.  The average wait would be indeed 5 minutes if the intervals were uniform, or uniform plus some perturbation with zero expected average. 
@_date: 2016-10-15 22:50:17


No one lost, because investing in Pear Computer stock was not a ponzi game.  The company created billions of dollars of real wealth, and still owns 1 billion of that real wealth, in various forms.  Each share sells for $1000 because it is a title of property of 1/100000 of that wealth.  
Is that so hard to understand?
@_date: 2016-10-24 07:56:46


Aha! Who is on the brink of cracking, eh?
@_date: 2016-10-07 13:07:16
One simple rule to identify internet scams:
+ Site owners are anonymous --&gt; scam
There are others, but this one suffices in this case.
@_date: 2016-10-08 04:07:34
Of couse.  Just like today: banks are transaprent about fractional reserve lending, and people could choose to refuse checks and bank wires, sticking to cash only.  But...
@_date: 2015-03-30 03:30:15
Bitcoin's price is determined almost entirely by speculation -- people buying it in the expectation that the price will be much higher at some future time.  The price is therefore highly sensitive to changes in the mood of traders, namely their feelings about what the future prices may be.
@_date: 2016-10-16 13:03:35


It is not intended to *remove* congestion.  By the time it is deployed and the small capacity increase is realized, it will be insufficient to recover the [growth that was clearly suppressed]( since April 2016 or earlier.  Except berhaps for a couple of months, the traffic will continue to be depressed as it runs into the network's capacity limit. 


That was a surprise to both camps.  We expected that there would be more "people pressing against the gates", i.e. a large backlog of transactions trying to get confirmed; so that fees would rise, pushed by those users with more urgency.  That apparently happened for a month ot two earlier this year.  But then demand simply subsided -- "fewer people showed up at the gates".  Now we have only small recurrent backlogs during peak hours, that increase the confirmation delay delays but not enough to elicit much higher fees. 


It wil be a bit less than that, and only when most users switch to SegWit format.


Not sure what you mean,  The rearrangement of block and transaction format was indeed adopted to let the change be deployed as a soft fork, that is, without forcing clients and nodes to upgrade,  It is disputable whether that is a good strategy.
@_date: 2016-10-14 06:35:51
No, the internet started with a specification: move data between computers of arbitrary design and manufacture, quickly and efficiently.  Packet switching was a tool, not the goal.
Ditto for the WWW.  The goal was to let people share public data easily without the need for registration and an authentication.  HTML and HTTP were tools, not goals.
Working from function to technology is good engineering practice.  Working the other way is the hacker's way.  Hackers have their place, but make terrible project development leaders...
@_date: 2016-10-15 22:44:29


Wrong. Obviously the amount of money received by sellers is equal to the amount spent by buyers (except for trade fees, which we can ignore for now).  
The price increases when traders become more optimistic and are willing to spend more to buy and demand more when they sell.   Investors obviously buy bitcoins because they expect the price to rise, not to fall or remain stagnant.  That is, a person buys because he hopes to find someone more optimistic than him later on.


As in a bona-fide ponzi, the early investors will only profit if they exit the game in time.  Their profit will come from the losses of those who buy the coins from them.


More than that: its is guaranteed that the total profits will never exceed the total losses.
But Bitcoin "peddlers"  will never mention that.


Yes.  Which must be an increase in *speculative* demand, because it is basically the only demand that there is.


A bona-fide ponzi does not need to actually pay dividends or interest.  It may just tell the investors that their shares are worth more as time passes.  It may even have clauses that forbid or penalize withdrawing of "profits" before a set maturation period.
A bona-fide ponzi also does not have to PROMISE high gains, only make the investors believe that they are very likely.  (Investors who can tie their shoes know that a financial investment that GUARANTEES a huge profit can only be a ponzi.)


Right.  Your profit is supposed to be realized only when you exit,  If Madoff could get people to sign for that...


Not a guarantee, but a strong implied promise.  Just check any description of bitcoin and its future by any bitcoin holder (like the Winkles, Andreesen, Casares, etc.)  In the official Book of Bitcoin, it is "guaranteed" that one day bitcoin will be used by hundreds of millions of people in place of credit cards, that the network is as solid as math itself, that there is no risk of another crypto taking its place or of miners imposing a demurrage tax, and ...


I lost count of how many times I explained this difference over the last few days.  Please look at my timeline.  
If you cannot see the difference between investing in bitcoins and investing in stocks, and think it is "all the same thing, demand and supply". I don't know where I could begin...
@_date: 2015-03-03 04:13:33
Sigh, no actual numbers, of course.  The headline says "filling up" but the ~~advertisement~~ article does not say anything like that.  Do they have any BTC in their keep yet?
@_date: 2016-10-13 20:35:18


It is difficult to defne *precisely*, but the concept is quite clear.  The funamental demamd is that demand that arises from all buyer motivations, except buying as a form of investment.  
Thus, for example, the fundamental demand of gold it is mainly the demand for industrial and decoration uses (electronics, jewelry etc.)  The fundamental demand of oil is buying it for heating,  transportation, and petrochemical uses. 
The fundamental demand is actually a price x demand curve.  Where it crosses the cost x supply curve is the numeric fundamental demand and fundamental price.
Speculation is when people buy an asset for more than its fundamental price, because they hope to profit by selling it at a later time for an even higher price.  Unless the speaculator has (or believes to have) privileged information, that future buyer must be another speculator.  So speculation is a gambling game, in which people bet on the future difference between market and fundamental price -- which is generated by the speculation game itself.  Since that difference sooner or later will return to zero, that speculative part of the price is a zero-sum game, in which the expected profit of a randomly chosen trader will be zero.


The SEC was not created just out of misericordy towards humble investors.  It was explicitly justified as being necessary to protect the economy against the damage caused by stock collapses like that of 1929, and to promote public investment by restoring and preserving the trust of investors in the stock and securities market. 


I don't have a problem with gambling either, as long as the gamblers understand that they are gambling and know what the expected return is.  
The stated intent of the ETF is to bring into the bitcoin price gambling game many people who lack the knowledge to understand that; or that not like gambling, and will invest in the ETF thinking that it is just like investing in a stock.
@_date: 2015-03-31 07:54:51
Er, meaning, to replace Lehmann Bros by MtGOX?
@_date: 2015-04-14 22:58:44
Just look at the charts.  And yes, I am a university professor. And I actually work for my salary; I don't try to get rich by scamming naive investors with bogus promises of "to the moon".
@_date: 2015-04-18 05:26:08
The Chinese speculators have been defining the price since 2013.  Between Dec/2013 and Apr/2014,  their Central Bank cut their wings and reduced bitcoin to a gambling game played in bizarre casinos called "exchanges".   Those speculators seem to have been losing interest in bitcoin ever since, hence the drop in the price.  If they were to abandon bitcoin completely, the price would probably fall to 100 $/BTC or less.
After some closures in April 2014, the Chinese exchanges seem to have thrived.  They still have huge volume, due to the zero-fee policy.
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:04:36


Well, that does not seem to be the case.  The nodes/users cannot prevent certain miners from mining, and therefore jamming, "their" blockchain.  Having a blacklist or whitelist of miners would be a fatal violation of the protocol.  Who would maintain that list?  How would the maintainers determine that a miner is evil, before he mines a node?


Agreed, and I am trying to write that up in detail.
@_date: 2015-04-25 14:53:49
How much money did he make off Dogecoin, and how much did he get as Adobe manager?
@_date: 2015-04-14 12:10:10
Now try doing the same with the BIT or COIN fund shares...
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:58:21
Read the other replies to this comment.  The security of the cryptographic tools themselves has not been mathematically proved.  
As for the proof above, it *assumes* a lot of things about the network and the human participants that are not mathematically proved, and cannot be.  A proof that relies on unproved assumptions is interesting, but does not make the conclusion "mathematically proven", nor more certain than the assumptions themslves.
@_date: 2015-03-26 10:48:36
Comparing the price chart of the last two months with that of Jan-Dec 2014, I would rather guess that the price is being artificially propped up.  Maybe the VC investors who put those alleged 400 million in bitcoin ventures last year are burning a few more million to keep the price from sinking any further.   A drop to ~150 $/BTC (which would be expected from the 2014 trend) would probably cause a drop in the hashrate and a wave of bad publicity in the mainstream media. That could cause the failure of some startups, and perhaps a chain-reaction crash of the economy.
@_date: 2016-10-25 11:28:32
The colored coin does not hold the share value, and is not part of it.  The share is a title of property of a slice of the company.  The owner of the share cannot spend those few satoshis.  Their private key remains in T0's possession (actually in Counterparty's possession); they need it to be able to update the record of who owns the shares, in case the shareholder decides to sell them.
@_date: 2016-10-24 13:47:54
That comment of mine got 25 negative points in 13 hours, which is kind of a record even for It seems that I touched a sore spot.
If that is not proof, I don't know what is. ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-13 16:11:19
Indeed: lotteries, penny-stock scams, and all pyramid schmes are just as bad investments as ponzis, for the same reason:  there is no other source of money coming into the "game", so any profit that an investor may make must come from losses of other investors.  
Moreover, there are "leaks" that take away some of the money that investors put into the game, without putting any money themselves.  So the game's "deficit" -- what new investors would have to put into it, in order for the current investors to get back what they invested -- just keeps growing.  
Bitcoin's deficit is at least several billion dollars by now.  Where will that new investment come from?  Who will then repay the investment of those new guys?
A sound investment is something that will create new wealth *for you* while you hold it.  Or at least some concrete asset that is very likely have a demand outside financial speculation for a long enough time.  
Stocks, bonds, real estate, equipment for your business, college education, can be sound investments, if they have not been overpriced by speculative traders -- who can tack a ponzi-like game on top of any good investment.
Gold too is at least 75% a ponzi-like game.  If you buy 1 oz of gold today, you are putting maybe $250 into a boring low-risk but zero-profit asset that is likely to be in demand by jewelers and industry for decades to come; and putting another $1000 into a pyramid-like gambling game, which may pay back $2000 or $0, or anything in between -- with unknown odds. 
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:30:50


Because that is what any serious software developer -- or any engineer, of any specialty -- must do *before* staring to build any new project.  And *before* promising to build it.
The only justification that Blockstream could give for their decision to retain the 1 MB limit, and let the network become congested, was the claim that the LN would soon be there, and would carry all the traffic that 100 million users would generate.   So, don't you think that it would be wise to ask for *some* evidence that that LN *might* be able to handle at least a million users?
@_date: 2017-05-01 10:32:00


I don't know what statistics 21.co is using.  I would rather look at [this site]( It tells me that, tight now, 10 sat/B will give next-block confirmation or so.  But if you had sent a transaction with 100 sat/B on April 27 after 8:30 am, it would be confirmed only 40 hours later.  During that backlog, you had to pay at least 120 sat/B to get through in the next few blocks.
This chaotic situation has been the norm for over a year now; except that, when backlogs start, the min fees quickly climb to higher and higher values.  Three months ago, 80 sat/b was enough to get through the worst backlog; now it is almost guaranteed to keep you waiting until the backlog clears...
This is not what Greg had in mind.  He expected a permanent backlog with a stable distribution of fees and a stable fee x delay function.  Theory however proves that such scenario is impossible, and the reality of the last years only confirms that.  Unfortunately --- for all bitcon and LN fans -- Greg still trusts his intuition more than theory and reality...
@_date: 2017-05-01 09:44:43


My bad, sorry: there should be an "if" in that sentence:


@_date: 2015-03-06 19:05:40


Well, I am kidding about Mircea.  But the Foundation has large miners in their board.  Moreover, postponing the next halving would give the miners 180 million dollars per year of extra revenue, so they can afford to hire some key people and invest a few million in and a marketing/PR campaign.
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:18:42
The numbers say that, on the average, their investors bought shares when the BTC price (hence the share's price) was about twice the current one.  So, up to this moment the average investor lost about half of the money he invested.   The ivestors who lost may still make a profit, if the BTC price recovers.
@_date: 2015-03-29 19:07:12
For inflation in the technical sense, many sites [**like this one**]( show the number of BTC in existence (currently almost 14 million).  Until sometime next year, the miners will create ~3600 BTC each day, or ~1.315 M BTC per year.  The inflation rate is the ratio of the two, currently 9.4% per year.
For inflation in the popular sense of "loss of purchasing power", you can check any price chart and compute the ratio of prices over the desired interval.  Over the past 12 months, for example, the price fell from ~495 USD to ~245 USD, so the mean "inflation" rate over that interval would be 495/245 - 1, or ~102% per year.
@_date: 2016-10-09 16:45:55
If you have a payment channel open to the receiving party, the receiver must be online and you two must exchange a couple of messages.  Probably fast enough (econds rather than minutes)
If you don't have a direct payment channel, but a path of N (two or more) channels, things get even more complicated.  The N-1 intermediate nodes will want some fee for the service.  The channels must have enough leftover funds for the payment and fees.   Both ends and the intermediate nodes must be online, and must negotiate to make the N payments into an atomic transaction.  This is still probably faster and cheaper than an on-chain payment, but has some chance of failing (e.g. if one of the middle nodes suddenly goes offline or decides to refuse the service, or one of the channels runs out of funds.) 
If you don't have a direct channel nor a path, no one knows of a reasonably reliable way to find one.


In all these cases you need a special wallet app that knows how to negotiate, handle, and save LN payments.  
An LN-enabled wallet must be an oriinary wallet, but must also store the unbroadcast transactions that you received through each payment channels.  It must keep track of balances, funds, and timeouts in each channel, and talk to the parties at the other end whenever you or them need to make a payment. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:41:11
There are several routing algorithms.  They all work great for a thousand nodes, all simulated on the same machine.
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:04:23
First, I am a Computer Science professor and I am supposed to understand computer things like bitcoin.  Second, I consider part of my job to do public advocacy and advice, such as on electronic voting, free software, copyrights, etc. -- and whether people such invest in bitcoins, bitcoin mining, bitcoin startups, etc..
@_date: 2015-03-02 12:34:55
Those are the exceptions that I was referring to.  On the other hand, there are many users who split their holdings among several addresses.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:24:19
These could be called "sub-accounts" of a regular account.  They are a necessary thing in accounting of companies: to manage budgets of separate departments and projects, gains and losses that must be reported separately for tax purposes, committed vs disposable funds, etc..
@_date: 2015-03-24 13:59:09
Beware of legal advice from a company that has an obvious interest in convincing their potential customers that their products/services are safe...
@_date: 2016-10-17 11:41:56
We are disagreeing in words, not concepts, right?  What is the point?
@_date: 2016-10-07 21:07:25
I meant 2011.  My bad, sorry.
@_date: 2017-05-28 14:30:24
Did you *really* not get the point?
@_date: 2016-10-24 09:10:52
That is what I wrote all along.  Amazing that people don't seem to see that word.  
Perhaps because they know, deep down, that it **is** a ponzi, and that is why they are into it?  ;-)
@_date: 2016-10-15 21:01:45
Some of those benefits  are side aspects of removing malleability.  Others are independent fixes that would not require segregating the signatures. Others are hardly urgent, have minimum benefit, or are even conjectural (like fraud proofs and reduction of the UTXO set).
@_date: 2017-05-07 11:23:57


That assumes that channel closing transactions are delayed by one week.  That is quite inconvenient if e.g. you want to close a channel to a "dead" node and create a new channel with the remaining coins.
@_date: 2015-03-27 12:11:32
Right, I estimate that the Chinese bought at least a million coins from the "West" in those 2 months (and I believe that they included the 660 kBT that are missing in MtGOX).  Assuming an average price of 500$, that would mean the owners of those bitcoins trying to  convert some 3 billion CNY to 500 M$ dollars and expatriate them.  No wonder the PBoC stepped in.  
@_date: 2016-10-16 08:25:48




You really think that receiving ransom may be legal?


Ransomware was hardly known until bitcoin came along, and now it is a huge problem.  The ransomware epidemic is one of the  "benefits" that bitcoin brought to mankind.  You may not like it, but that is a fact.


That will be the case no matter what form the money takes, bitcoin or fiat.  But bitcoin makes many crimes easier to execute.


So you don't see the difference between 1--4?
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:25:25
Let's say 25%, like gold is today.  Can you argue that transaction demand would support a price of 160 $/BTC?  (For fairness, I must remind you that the price dropped to 190 only a year ago.)
Hint: you could start with the money velocity equation, P = V x T / N.
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:18:14
Wouldn't that address belong to the guy who sold you the bitcoins?  Isn't that how LocalBitcoins work?
@_date: 2016-10-24 15:11:32
No. Small amounts of bitcoin will be used to record the stock's sale.  The investor will give money to the company, and the company will use that money to build factories, buy equipment, hire staff, etc..
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:39:52


Because they reinvest their profits in expansio of their facilities, and thus the company becomes more valuable, and thus the shares become more valuable.  REAL value, not market price.


The point is that those who invest in WU shares become owners of a slice of WU, and thus get a slice of that real wealth (useful service) created by WU; while those who invest in bitcoins do not get a penny from any real wealth (useful service) that the bitcoin network may produce.   
Seriously, if don't understand these facts, and you cannot keep straight the difference between bitcoins and the bitcoin network, you should not venture to discuss investment...
@_date: 2016-10-27 18:59:38


Why do you expect that it could be otherwise?


Actually, because it has helped them catch several drug dealers and money launderers.  
Instead of having to subpoena each bank for the activity on a specific suspected account, a single agent sitting at his desk can monitor tens of thousands of bitcoin accounts and millions of payments, 24/7, while munching a donut.


Satoshi did not create bitcoin to be a payment system for illegal activities...


As many others have pointed out, reducing the block size would be a soft fork, that a simple majority of the miners can impose on everybody without any formalities, and without the help or agreement of the Core devs.
(Sure, large blocks that were already created cannot be shrunk back.  Just as old 1 MB blocks cannot be repackaged into larger blocks after SegWit is turned on, or the block size lmit is increased.) 
@_date: 2016-10-02 04:17:07


For starters there is no Lightning Network yet.  There are only payment chanels; but just because you can make bricks it does not mean that you have a building,
Let's  say that the machine tricks you into creating a payment channel to it.  It must still wait for the creation to confirm, otherwise the risk is the same.  
If you wanted to sell 2 BTC and the channel is good for 2 BTC, after the purchase the channel is useless.  And the machine must close the channel and wait 2 days in order to get those 2 BTC.  The machine has only replaced one on-chain transaction by two.
If the channel is created with excess funds, say 5 BTC, you cannot spend the remaining 3 BTC anywhere else unless you close the channel, which again takes 2 days.  Again you only replaced 1 tx by 2.
@_date: 2015-03-25 05:02:41
Indeed, I do not understand why a smart investor would wait for the price to go up in order to buy an asset.  
Since they did not buy when the price was 900, I suppose that they are waiting for it to be 1000 or more before buying in.  Silly me, I thought that they went by the rule "buy low, sell high".  They must be more sophisticated than that.
The word "soon" is superfluous; take it away if you wish, but the question remains: if there are people with a couple million to invest who believe that bitcoin will one day be worth  5000$, why aren't they buying those 1000's of bitcoins that are for sale at 260$?  If they think that Coinbase is still too shady, they could get them OTC, through a broker who would buy at the exchanges for them.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:16:54
Well, I don't think that it has a significant future.
It is a lottery in the sense that speculation could perhaps lift the price to 1000$ or more, and some people investing now may make a large profit.  However, even in that case, every profit that one makes will come from someone else's loss -- like in a lottery.  In fact, because of mining waste, the total losses will exceed the total profits by hundreds of millions of dollars.
@_date: 2015-11-22 19:37:29
Hm, coud it be that the original source said "located", and the reporter understood "locked"?  I don't see how they could have locked a bitcoin address.
@_date: 2018-04-18 18:43:30
The technology was fine (although the implementation had bugs).  The fatal flaws are in the economics and sociology, which neither Satoshi nor the early adopters could foresee at the time: 
+ The fixed issuance cap made it too volatile for use as currency (fixable in theory, but not in practice).
+ The rewards mechanism made centralization of mining inevitable (no known fix).
+ The lack of an official mechanism for protocol evolution led to governance crises, like the block size war and the UASF/SW2X war; many chain forks, like BCH and its copycats; and the risk of attacks by protocol change (no fix known).
+ The irreversibility of transactions makes the system inherently vulnerable to theft by hacking and phising, loss by user errors, fraudulent merchants, etc.  (no fix known).
+ The free-for-all topology and assumed anonymity of miners allowed "full but non-mining" nodes to insert themselves between clients and miners, making it possible sibyl attacks line the UASF coup attempt (no fix known).
+ The anonymity of addresses makes it impossible for miners to be KYC/AML compliant, and thus the system attracts criminal uses like drug traffic, ransomware, money laundering, tax evasion, etc. (no fix known).
And maybe a few more.  
Moreover, at least one large double spend ($10'000 against OKPay) happened during one of the bug-fixing rewind-and-replay events of 2010 and 2013.  
@_date: 2017-05-07 17:20:46
You cannot provide a link because there is no such simulation or paper.
@_date: 2017-05-13 21:13:15
'Dreamware' is more like it.  
@_date: 2015-09-15 15:20:41
OK, but I cannot see the point of the LN, and of using bitcoin as the settlement of LN. 
The LN folks are just reinventing credit cards, with a leg and an arm tied behind their backs while equilibrating a trombone on their noses.  Once their design is complete, it will inevitably have a fiat currency, banks doing fractional banking, charge-backs, and all the features and ills of traditional money systems.  Then its banks will find it safer and easier  to settle in USD or EUR than in BTC.  (If you don't believe, look closely at what Coinbase and Circle are doing...)
@_date: 2016-10-24 13:57:46


That is not what the linked article says.  The stocks will be traded on t0, which uses colored bitcoins to track stock ownership.  There is no mention of investors being able to buy stocks with bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-13 15:55:04


An asset is useful as a store of value only if its value is determined by fundamentals (rather than speculation, or SoV investing itself), and these fundamentals are expected to be stable for many years.  
Gold is no longer a viable SoV, since (as I have argued many times elsewhere) its fudnamental value seems to be less than 1/4 of its current market price.   A gold investment thus may well lose 75% of its value or more, if the mood of speculators changes next month. 
Bitcoin has the same problem -- only worse, because its fundamental value is zero.


This is shifting away from the issue.  Currencies are not meant to be investment instruments, and are notsuited for that at all.  Thus it is pointless to discuss whether national currencies are more or less "well grounded" than bitcoin, or whatever.   
Buying and holding dolars or euros is a stupid form of investment, because they are meant to lose value over time, and there are several options with less risk and greater returns. 
Buying bitcoin is a particularly stupid investment, because its price is just a random variable, defined by a legion of amateur day traders in China.  It is like "ïnvesting" in lottery tickets or at a roulette in Las Vegas.


Well, that discourse popped three years ago.  There is no rational argument supporting it, and several reasons why it is very unlikely to happen.


The SEC is not concerned with morality, but with ensuring that US investors are not scammed by misleading promises.  
What benefits would the COIN ETF bring to the investors?  If investing in bitcoin (hence in the ETF) is only a zero-sum game, its final effect will be to move millions (or billions) of dollars from the pockets of some investors to the pockets of other investors, without producing even a paper clip's worth or new wealth or useful services.  
In particular, the COIN ETF will not help bitcoin provide more or better service as a currency; quite the opposite.  
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:46:36
Tere is no noticeable difference because of arbitragers: people who buy at a cheaper market and sell at the more expensive one.  They usually kick in in less than a minute when the difference is a few dollars (less when there are no trading fees).
So the markets are like a set of tanks connected by pipes at the bottom, with price being the water level.  If you take a bucket of water from one tank, the water level in all tanks quickly equalizes.  
There was a visible and sustained price difference between Chinese and Western markets during the Apr/2013 bubble and also during the Nov/2013 bubble and crash.  The sign of the difference showed that China was leading the price change in all three cases, and the "West" was struggling to keep up.   I would guess that 1-2 million BTC were "imported" by the Chinese from Western owners in Nov/2013 (and that may be the reason why the PBoC stepped in).  
So, no matter where the miners sell their coins, the price in all exchanges will suffer equally and at the same time.  I assume that the Chinese miners are selling in the Western exchanges because the Chinese day-traders seem to be losing interest faster than the Western ones, and are unlikely to be accumulating.  But if they are selling in China, it does not matter, the arbitragers are promptly taking those coins to the West.
@_date: 2016-10-16 13:34:10


But the difference between 1 and 2, and the contrast with 3 vs 4, it the main point of my argument,   It makes no sense to ban knives, because most uses of knives are legal.  It makes sense to ban machine guns, because most uses of them are criminal.  Knives do not deserve to be called "tools of crime", but machine guns do. 


How can it be official money, if only a few registered people can use it? How are you going to identify those who are "good guys" and deserve to be registered?  How are you going to prevent unregistered people from using it?
@_date: 2017-05-02 17:10:09


[There is indeed some variation in the average transaction size with time of day](  But is does not seem large enough to explain the short-term variations in capacity, which sometime span a factor of 2 between low and high times.  
Around April 28 I get 4.11 vs 2.89 tx/s averaged over the high and low 10-hour periods  (a factor of 1.42) and 440 B/tx vs 535 B/tx (a factor of 1.21).  So B/tx variations seems to explain about half of the tx/s variations.
BTW, note that you can select a time sub-range in those statoshi.org plots by dragging with the mouse, and that  will show the average values on that sub-range.
@_date: 2015-11-20 11:41:42
@_date: 2015-03-03 12:50:30
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:22:54
Than what is the point of having bitcoin in the picture?
@_date: 2015-03-07 02:29:14
As others pointed out, the lines could be mixers splitting a large input amount sequentially into many small amounts (called "chains" in the blockchain.info charts) and later collecting many small amounts sequentially into one output address.
@_date: 2015-03-21 00:30:34
I believe that the USMS customarily have kept that information secret, to be nice to bidders.  I wonder if this was the first time they got a FOIA request for that information.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:21:49


Hm, what should I expect from a mooncake? 8D
I have seen countless "experts", with and without quotes, draw TA lines on bitcointalk, on the bitcoin news sites, etc.  I have not noticed those attempts being more successful than expected by chance.
In particular, I have seen many people fit a straight line over the log price chart and extrapolate it, only to be throrughly discredited by facts.
I have also not seen any justification of why the TA patterns and extrapolations should work.  (That is one thing that full profs would like to see.)  
On the other hand, the bubbles in my model are justified in terms of how a technology conquers another market.  May of the bubbles can be correlated to known market and events, sometimes precisely to the hour or less.  
There is plenty of evidence, for example, that the nov/2013 bubble was due to demand by a legion of amateur commoditty traders in China.  That community and its sudden love of bitcoin was described by firsthand reports in reliable media. (It was barely mentioned in bitcoin news media, however, whose advertisers would like to hide the fact that those  Chinese day-traders have been defining the price since then.)
The cause of the downtrend of the Chinese bubble is not documents as well, but it is expected given that the Chinese cannot use bitcoin for anything except day-trading, and the majority of the day-traders only lose money to the more skilled minority.)
Also the sudden onset and crash of the mini-bubbles in early 2014 are correlated to the hour with rumors about PBoC bans and denials or clarifications of those rumors.
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:34:37


That is a fact, supported by plenty of evidence.  Only a small minority refuses to admit that fact.


Obviously not an option for 99.999% of the people in any country.


Every country bans a lot of things, even Somalia.  You must decide which bans you can live with and which are unacceptable.  I can't understand why one would put bitcoin in the latter category, frrankly.


That is not relevant.  The point is that the current owners of the N million BTC issued up to that time will not receive their equivalent value in other crypto  from some central bank.  They will have to sell them -- and *inevitably* there will be lots of losers.  That's because the total losses of all losers must equal the total profits of all winners, plus the total revenue of all miners. The latter item is several billion dollars already, so that is the minimum that the losers will have to lose.


There are basically two technically viable models of consensus-building that I know about: proof-of-work, and proof-of-stake.   
AFAIK the latter has not been used in any economically significant currency yet, so indeed we should wait to see.  But, from what I know, it seems to be the purest unbridled capitalistic economy model, with no working class to interfere with the money-breeds-money game of the capitalists.   Thus I suspect that it would lead to centralization of mining by way of centralization of coin ownership.


A country does not need an NK-style dictatorship to exercise such control.  Full democracies can decide that too, 
Most people do not care if the government knows about most of their transactions.  Many may want to keep *some* payments hidden from their spouses or bosses; but (as Satoshi himself noted in his paper) the current banking system provides enough privacy for most of those uses.  
Payments that would need to be hidden *from the government* are almost always illegal, almost by definition.  There is no logically consistent way to distinguish "good" from "bad" laws, or to expect that the government would tolerate violations of some law just because lots of people are violating it.


I am myself a defender of privacy rights.  For example, I believe that one should have the right to save and any cable contents that one can watch and replay it at will, without any additional permissions or royalties.  Or grow hemp or coca in one's backyard, and do whatever one wants with that.   In fact, I am upset that civil rights defenders seem to be losing their interest  in defending those rights.
However, I believe that those privacy rights should exist only as long as the acts and their consequences do not extend outside of one's home, and are not imposed on children or other people without their consent.  
Thus, I don't think that privacy rights extend to commercial activities.  For example, I am quite comfortable with totally banning the trade of certain drugs, or levying of creator royalties of some kind from *commercial* services that distribute digital contents -- even if those activities are informal, at garage-sale level. And I do not see the monitoring of payments by government as a violation of privacy rights.
@_date: 2015-03-08 17:59:48
So the time *was* set to 10 minutes to allow enough time for the broadcasts to propagate, right?
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:15:58




The key word there is 'others'.  My car and my house would be useful (hence valuable) to me even if no one else thought so.   A bitcoin (or a dollar bill) is valuable only if *someone else* thinks it is valuable, and is willing to exchange something of value for it.


If I had to bet between your ability to hide and their ability to find, I would pick the latter, sorry...
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:39:45
Thanks for the nice words.  You have a point there, I forgot about the unknown amount of money that NYSE invested in Coinbase.  (I wonder why they are not investing in bitcoins too, but that is not relevant.)
So I take back Porsche, sorry.  Still, the way bitcoiners read the NASDAQ news is mind-boggling...
@_date: 2015-03-02 03:43:54
Here is another reference:


8D All the best ...
@_date: 2015-03-28 14:10:19


All-time high was 16 months ago, about 1200$.


There was no break-in at MtGOX.  The loss, which happened some time before Feb/2014, was 800'000 BTC, worth more than 500 million dollars at the time.  The big crash of Dec/2013 and the general decline since Feb/2014 were unrelated to MtGOX; the announcement of the loss caused only a comparatively small drop.  And  "astronomical" shouldn't be used for less than a million times normal...
@_date: 2015-03-31 13:55:53
We should tell people that it would not have happened if the plane was a Boeing.
@_date: 2015-03-06 06:23:52
The price now is almost entirely determined by speculative buying and selling, which has no reference value except the expectations of traders about the future price.
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:35:11
AFAIK "Ripple" is two distinct things: (1) a protocol and network for inter-bank settlements and exchanges of arbitrary currencies and monetary assets, possibly including gold and crypto-currencies, that uses some ideas from the bitcoin protocol, but whose ledger is centrally managed by a closed consortium of banks and Ripple Labs; and (2) a cryptocurrency (XRP) that is also managed centrally by Ripple Labs and/or the banks.  
The XRP currency *could* be used by the Ripple network as an intermediate currency in multi-step settlements.  However, it is not an essential part of the network, and may fail even if the network succeeds in its intended use.
Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:15:52
Indeed, with bitcoin you give your money to the miners instead. ;-)
IIRC, Jesus also said something about a needle and a camel; but it must have been something quite uninteresting, because people never mention it.
@_date: 2015-03-06 03:41:30
The situation now is quite different. The top 5 miners are all Chinese and have more than 50% of the hashpower.  That may be too little to risk pushing for a protocol change, but if they grab another 15-20% they could pull it off.  The stakes now are much higher, too:  losing 1800 BTC/day of reward means losing 180 million dollars per year, at current prices.
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:27:21
Yes.  In fact, one can recover the private key of any bitcoin address in O(1) time and space. 8D
@_date: 2015-03-01 23:19:12
The SMBIT fund holds only bitcoins; each share represents 0.1 bitcoin.
Accredited investors can buy shares from SMBIT, with dollars, at the current market price of 0.1 BTC; and then SMBIT buys bitcoins to match.
Under some conditions, those investors can redeem (withdraw, liquidate) their investment: they return the shares to SMBIT, SMBIT pays for each the current market value of 0.1 BTC, and sells the corresponding amount of bitcoins.
The managing company makes money by charging some % of the amount invested as entry, exit, and yearly maintenance fees.
When it started (Sep/2013), investors had to hold their shares for 6 months before they had the option to liquidate them.  They were also prohibited from selling the shares to other investors without SMBIT's permission.  A market where the investors could trade their shares was promised for Q1/2014; the OTCQX is supposed to be it.
The fund has sold ~1.3 M shares so far and thus holds ~130'000 BTC.  It has not seen much net growth since Mar/2014.  
On 2014-10-28, redemptions (even of older investors) were suspended while SMBIT sought to be listed on OTCQX.  I don't know when or whether they will be re-enabled. (It seems that OTCQX has not started trading yet.)
The evolution of the fund has been tabulated [**here**]( a plot of that data is [**here**]( 
@_date: 2015-03-02 01:32:51
And a car is not a vehicle either, since it is not pulled by horses...
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:44:02
There are a couple of them reading [**this bitcointalk thread**](
@_date: 2015-03-08 16:02:05
You certainly can sell your car or home to foreign citizens; although, true, they need some sort of presence or representation in your country, or at least interact with a consulate.
@_date: 2015-03-06 01:45:46
If a majority of miners agree to ct together, they can force the other players to hard-fork to a new version of the protocol that has a different halving schedule.  They would not do so by witholding their work, though. (That would be like soldiers refusing to fight until the enemy surrenders...). Instead, they would "jam" the original chain by including only some or none of the pending transactions, and  ignoring and orphaning any blocks mined by the minorty miners.  Meanwhile, the cartel would be normally mining the other branch of the fork, with the modified protocol.  So, anyone who wanted to use his bitcoins would have to upgrade, and any miner had better swithch to work on that branch, or starve to death. 
(It has been claimed that, if a mining cartel tried to do that, users would rebel en masse and, rather than give in to the cartel, they would do a hard fork of their own, upgrading to a version of the protocol that the cartel can't mine or jam.  But that would be like the Captain and Cook "defeating" a mutiny by leaving in a small lifeboat and declaring it to be the real ship...)
@_date: 2015-03-24 12:03:42
Most people who want them to accept bitcoin are not really Wikipedia lovers who want to donate.  If they were, they would just use other payment options.  (Those who have enough bitcoins to donate will surely have also credit cards, PayPal, etc..) Thhey generally are bitcoin lovers, not WP lovers, and only want WP to give bitcoin some cheap publicity.
@_date: 2016-10-19 17:53:17


Yes, but those are accidents, not the norm.  Would-be investors should investigate the company carefully, trying to avoid the ones with dubious plans or incompetent or untrustworthy managers.
Every company is created with the goal of giving investors more than what they invested.  A company that achieves that goal is doing nothing more than what it should.  Before the IPO the company is required to do the homework and careffuly justfy its revenue projections.


But through all that time the investors *are* receiving returns, only that instead of cash they get to own more assets like factories etc.  So, the market price of the share (if not distorted by speculators) will be only a mirror of its *real* value.  
If the investor sells his share for $100, he is not just selling a token that can be speculated upon; he is selling a chunk of real property, factories etc. worth $100.  That is a way of recovering the investment an some profit at any time.  The buyer is not entering the game with a $100 deficit that must be covered by some other investor: he immediately gets $100 worth of real stuff, and anything else that he gets from the company will be profit.
@_date: 2016-10-08 08:01:42


Good question!  For the hubs, handling IOUs will be much cheaper and faster than setting up payment channels and executing LN payments.  And they don't have to commit BTC funds to specific channels: they just keep a reserve of (unassigned) BTC to sattisfy eventual withdrawal requests.
Of course that brings back the trusted third parties that bitcoin was supposed to avoid.  But the alleged advantage of "zero trust" is less value to most people than the amenities of low fees, faster service, simpler interface, and availiability of credit.


You must divide and preallocate your BTC to the channels you have.  If you have more than one channel, almost certainly you will find that the preallocation was bad: if you have there outgoing channels, and each has 2 BTC of fiunds remaining, you cannot do a single payment of 3 BTC.  Hence you want to have as few channels as possible.
Also, the number of nodes in a multihop payment increases many negative factors:
+ the difficulty of finding a multihop path between two nodes, 
+ the time needed to negotiate the chained payments, 
+ the chance that the negotiation will fail by insufficien balance or other reasons
+ the fees charged by the intermediate nodes
Thus, you will want to have the shortest possible paths between any two nodes.
Either way, these factors (and others) will push the system to a centralized topology, with one (or only a few) large hubs, and most users having just one channel to one of the hubs.
@_date: 2016-10-16 03:31:22


Bitcoins are packets of nothing.  They don't exist even in the weak sense that an MP3 file exists.


If I had told the SEC that bitcoin investment is a pyramid scheme, instead of "similar to a ponzi schema", would you have been happy?
@_date: 2015-03-25 03:19:11
Charles Lee was asked whether they would be using the VC money to buy bitcoins, and he explained they cannot use it for that.
Coinbase has bitcoins that belong to users, plus perhaps a reserve for the brokerage service.   If they are holding significant amounts of bitcoin of their own, they have had huge losses in the last 12 months.  I don't think they are that dumb.
In case you haven't noticed, almost none (or perhaps none at all) of the "500 million dollars of VC investment in the last 12 months" was invested in bitcoins. Almost all (or maybe all) went to enterprises that will profit by taking money from those who invest and use bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-31 07:52:14
If he managed to copy your private keys over to his computer, he would not depend on your computer being connected to the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-03-27 02:27:09
I have been warning people about the risks of bitcoin as investment.  Bitcoin funds are a particularly serious risk because they are wrapped in the glittering tinfoil of Professional Finance Companies, aka "Wall Street", and that may fool naive investors, like pensioners, into thinking that they are somewhat "safer" or "solid"  than raw bitcoins. (Indeed, bitcoiners seem to be fervently hoping for that.)  Hence I have a particular interest in those funds. 
@_date: 2015-03-27 02:17:25
From the [**OTCQX FAQ**](
 &gt; **What are the market hours for the trading of OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink securities?**


@_date: 2015-03-21 08:14:55


Practically none of that money went into buying bitcoins. Almost all of it went into companies that will extract money from bitcoin users and investors, whether by mining, by selling hardware and services, by skiming fees from trades and payments, by displaying ads on bitcoin news sites, etc.; companies that will make some profit even if the price eventually falls to zero.
In fact, those investments reveal that no one who has a few million to spare believes that the price will again to 1000 $ and beyond. 
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:55:29
The nature and organization of the fund was confusing but now it changed and became more confusing.
The name of the fund still is "Bitcoin Investment Trust" (BIT) and is managed by a company called "Greyscale".  
Greyscale safekeeps a hoard of bitcoins (currently some 138 kBTC) and issues "BIT shares", certificates representing ownership of those bitcoins (much as a gold fund keeps gold and issues shares representing that gold).  Each BIT share representts 0.1 BTC kept by Greyscale.
A few intermediate companies, the "Authorized Participants", can interact with Greyscale as "wholesale" brokers: they can give bitcoins to Greyscale for safekeeping and get the corresponding BIT shares from them.
The APS can then sell the shares at "retail", for bitcoin or for national currencies, to other middlemen (brokers) and eventually to individual investors.  SecondMarket is one of those top-level APs; it used to be the only one, now there are a few others.
Individual investors who buy such shares from brokers can sell them to the same or other brokers.  The top level APs can also redeem shares "wholesale" -- that is, give bundles of shares back to Greyscale and get the corresponding bitcoins in return.
OTCQX is a kind of exchange, but only the top-level brokers can trade there.  It serves to show the current market price of BIT shares among those brokers.  It may or may not be close to the market value of 0.1 BTC n ordinary exchanges.  It may or may not be close to the price that you pay to your retail broker for a BIT share.
"GBTC" is only the "ticker symbol" that OTCQX uses to refer to the BIT shares (just as NYSE uses "WMT" for Walmart shares, "BRK" for Berkshire-Hathaway shares, etc.)  There are no "GBTCs" or "GBTC shares", just as there are no "WMT shares".
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:27:25
When X-raying the box, the post office clerk must have noticed an unusual electronic circuit "hidden" inside a large box under a T-shirt,  embedded  in an oversize stick of some non-metallic material.   What could they possibly have thought of that?
@_date: 2016-10-15 20:52:06


If you cannot even read what I write...


Sigh,  But he can get that value ONLY by pushing the loss onto another guy.  


Moreprecisely: they owned shares of the fund, which they thought were very valuable but in fact had no backing assets or external sources of revenue.  Bitcoin investors own bitcoins, which they think are very valuable, but have no backing assets or external source of revenue either.


Imagine a game with a pot.  Each player brings some money and puts into the pot.  Some players take money from the pot. This goes on for some time.  Do you expect that, in the end, the sum of what all players took out will be greater than what they put in?


The shares are worth $1000 each because, in those 25 years, the company created an enormous amount of new wealth (computers and other stuff), and reinvested much of it in its growth.  So that the share that, 25 years ago,  represented 1/100000 of a garage and a big toolchest, now represents 1/100000 of dozens of factories, thousands of stores, a pile of patents, huge inventories, and quite a pile of cash in the bank.
If you did not know that, maybe you should  let your mom take care of your allowance...
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:18:42
It seems that many bitcoiners are anxiously waiting for COIN and GBIT to begin trading precisely for that expected effect.
On the other hand, the fund shares may also sell for less than 0.1 BTC (their market will have less liquidity, slower trading, and higher fees, ...).  In that case SM will have to dump coins on the exchanges, and ...
It occurred to me that, once GBIT and/or COIN are approved, their owners may lobby the SEC to outlaw plain BTC exchanges, since they are unregulated, unaudited, etc..  That way, new bitcoin investors in the US would have to do so through the funds.  (Would this idea be too evil for Wall Street?)
@_date: 2015-03-06 01:02:04
"... and he asked them, "Whose image is this? And whose inscription?"  "Doge's," they replied.
@_date: 2015-03-25 16:39:17
Good luck too.  We are not communicating it seems...
@_date: 2015-03-25 13:28:03
A computer in the middle is needed to authenticate the device, correct?
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:20:34
Optimists expect to convince many Americans with investment retirement accounts to put their money into bitcoin through BIT shares.   Such accounts have certain tax advantages, but cannot be used to buy risky things like raw bitcoins.  Apparently they can be used to buy BIT shares.  
If there is significant demand for BIT shares, brokers will buy bitcoins in other markets, give them to Grayscale for holding, and get the corresponding BIT shares to sell to the general public.   With more demand for BTC in the other markets, the price should rise.
@_date: 2016-10-16 03:48:20
You are right. You won. The dollar is a ponzi and gold is the best store of value that there is.  Investing in bitcoin is the same thing as investing in Apple, since bitcoins hold value in the same sense that gold does.  Bitcoin is the best currency in the world; and next year, when the LN is in full operation, it will take over the market of Visa.  
And no one in bitcoinland is trying to mislead anyone.  They just want pensioners to put their savings into bitcoin, but that will be making them a favor.
@_date: 2016-10-08 05:35:54
I bet I understand the LN much better than you do.
@_date: 2015-03-07 02:07:47
One party claimed that they bid at ~212 and did not ge it.
@_date: 2016-10-16 23:29:47


It is not at all the same thing.  Companies have real assets and produce new real wealth as goods or services.  Stockholders are the owners of the company, and they get all the revenue from the sale of that new wealth  --either as dividends, or as expansion of the company.  Thus, stocks generally end at zero only after the company  closes,  sells its assets, and gives the money to the shareholders.  Stockholders only lose their investment if the company is really incompetent, and squanders all its assets without generating much revenue.
In the case of a purely speculative asset, like bitcoin, there are no sources of revenue, hence no dividends, and there are no assets to be sold at the end.  The only way that an investor can recover his money and profit is by pushing the asset to another investor.  So when the asset price finally goes to zero, the investors still in the game will get nothing and will have to eat their losses.
@_date: 2016-10-19 09:55:17
The Chinese government can force a lot more than 51% of the hashrate to do what it wants.  A private party (or another government) could bribe the miners instead; that would be much cheaper than trying to overpower them.
Every soft fork is a 51% attack on the network.  If a simple majority of the haspower implements the fork, the rest of the network is forced to follow.
@_date: 2016-10-15 19:52:06


The essential feature is that the profit of investors may come only from the money put in by other investors.  Usually the first to enter and exit make a profit at the expense of those who enter too late.


Can you see the difference between 
1. Most illegal payments use fiat
2. Most fiat payments are illegal
3. Most illegal payments use bitcoin
4. Most bitcoin payments are illegal
Hint: 1 is true, 2 and 3 are false, and 4 is most likely true.
@_date: 2015-03-01 16:26:59
Bitcoiners fall into two categories:
1) Don't *really* understand bitcoin technology.
2) Believe that the economy, including fiat money such as dollars and bitcoins, can work without government control.
@_date: 2015-03-07 03:05:21
It is very unlikely that it will die completely.  At worst, there will be people mining it for fun, or for sentimental reasons.  Some computer researchers may want o keep it running for research purposes, like they did in 2009.  
Even so, the value could conceivably get so low that no one would bother to trade it anymore.  Or the market price could drop below 1 $/BTC.
How could that happen?  Perhaps one of these:
+ Someone devises a significantly better cryptocoin.
+ The US government bans bitcoin trade and use, with US-cooperating states following suit.
+ Centralized payment services get better, faster, cheaper (mobile payments like ApplePay and competitors catch on, banks lower fees and delays for international wires, credit cards in the US finally adopt smartcards like the rest of the world, etc.) just enough to make bitcoin payments not worth the hassle, and to force closure of BitPay and other bitcoin-based services.  That cascades to closure of most bitcoin ventures.
+ Bitcoins gets a wave of bad press because of hacker thefts, lack of chargebacks, association with crime, etc., and people stay away from it even if they could save some money with it.
+ People who lost money because of bitcoin start suing bitcoin enterprises for misleading advertising, negligence, or other non-criminal charges, driving capital away from the industry.
+ Pessimism about adoption in the long term convinces many investors to sell, which increases pessimism, leading to a runaway crash.
+ Freak traffic surges saturate the network resulting in very long delays for confirmations, and then loss of trust.
+ Miner cartel with more than 50% of the hashpower tries to abuse their power, blotches it and destroys trust in the system.
+ Saturation of the network forces users to compete for miners' service by a runaway increase in fees.
And more...
@_date: 2015-03-03 17:22:22
In what sense?  If a hacker were to steal all the bitcoins in BIT's cold wallet, what would happen to the retail customers' investmetns?
@_date: 2015-03-04 10:49:18
The article mentions also the Bitstamp heist of ~19 kBTC.  Was it too a bad RNG exploit, via "weak" keys or weak/repeated k?
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:30:53
If it becomes illegal, no legal business will accept it, most consumers will not want to use it.  See China.  
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:43:30
You are considering only a very narrow notion of "attack".  Large banks too have an investment to protect etc; that does not prevent them from forming a cartel and colluding to increase their revenue.
Also note that a miner's investment becomes junk after a year or two.  He does not have a motive to preserve the value of bitcoin beyond that time frame.
@_date: 2016-10-18 16:54:10


That is not enough, because the peddlers will point out to investors that Apple stock too has a potential 100% loss.  They should point out that the *expected* profit of a randomly picked investor is negative, and there will probably many more losers than winners. (This last claim is not a mathematical certainty; but government statistics show that pyramid and MLM schemes have more than 90% losers, and a speculative instrument should no have different stochastics.)
@_date: 2016-10-20 08:35:13
When there is a backlog, the average wait to first confirmation (averaged over all transactions that arrive after the backlog starts) is independent of the fees paid by the transactions.  It depends only on the instantaneous rate of arrival of transactions during that time interval; that is, on the size and shape of the plot of the mempool size during the backlog.
This paradox may seem more understandable by observing that, if rasing the fee of a transaction causes it to get into the next block, it also causes some other transaction to be pushed out of it to a later block.  So the fees can only change the order in which the transactions get confirmed, but not the total (or average) waiting time.
(To be precise, where it says "transaction" above one should read "1 kB of transactions".  In particular, the average wait time should be a weighted average, using transaction size as weight.)
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:25:24
You can get their names by hovering the mouse over their symbols.
@_date: 2015-03-24 04:18:37
Thanks!  I note that the article says


So, for someone who does not have bitcoins already, BitPesa is still a little more expensive than Western Union, it would seem.
@_date: 2015-03-27 12:44:10
No, sorry.  Those proposals generally assume that adding the votes is the problem; but that is a non-problem, if the counts from each section are verified and published before adding.
It is a long story, but all-electronic voting of any kind is out of the question because it inevitably requires voters to trust the software and/or hardware and the people who control it.  Voting via mobile or internet is out too because of the real risk of voter coercion.  The only known way to make voting safe, understandable, and trusted by the voters is by having  a carefully controlled voting environment and a voter-verified paper trail (VVPT) -- some material record of the vote, that the voter can check (but not take away) and the software/hardware cannot modify after it has been checked.  There are many variants, including optical scanning and printed ballots. The paper ballots then are collected in an old fashioned ballot box and counted, in public, at the end  of the day at each voting section.  That provides an independent check of the electronic count, that everybody can understand and trust, and vice-versa.
Such systems have been used for more than 15 years all over the world with success, and don't need "improving".  Much more important is ensuring that voters have access to true and complete information about the candidates...
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:38:48
They said at the beginning: the three nodes are on the same server.
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:03:07
Gold has many more investors than bitcoin, and see how much that had helped.
One cause for the volatility of bitcoin is that its price is defined almost entirely by speculation: that is, because people buy it for X hoping that minutes or decades later other people will buy it for substantially more than X.  (If there was no speculation, the current use for e-payments would hardly support a price of 20 $/BTC.)  But since the future price too will be defined largely by speculation, the entire process hangs in the air like those cartoons where people do not fall only because they have not noticed that they are not being supported anymore.
Thus, any whiff of pessimism or optimism going through the speculators is enough to start the price rallying in one direction or the other, as other speculators react to the price change with the same change of mood.  Such excursions stop only because some speculators are not impressed by those mood waves and stick to their expectations of future prices.  
Another related reason for the volatility is that most of the available coin supply is locked in hoards of long-term speculators who expect astronomical gains years ahead.  Only a small fraction of the coins is in the hands of short-term traders who provide "liquidity" to the market -- that is, are willing to buy and sell at more modest prices.  Therefore, even small surges in demand or supply have a disproportionally large effect on the price.
Due to the supposedly "deflationary" nature of bitcoin, both phenomena are likely to prevail in that hypothetical "billion users" scenario.  A finite supply with an increasing demand means that the price will be expected to go up even further.  That will attract speculative investment, which will result in the price being fixed to speculation and will lock up most of the coins in long-term hoards.  Any mood swing in the market (due, say, to wars or economy forecasts) will still cause self-feeding swings in the price, and any change in the real demand (such as Christmas shopping) will have a large effect on the price.
@_date: 2015-03-01 23:32:44


Consensus of whom, and over what? You seem to believe that mere users have some "voting power".  That is simply not true, miners can force changes on users because they have the power to selectively block transactions.  The supposed "inviolability" of the protocol depends totally on fuzzy arguments about what would be the motivations of those miners.


Citation please
Just posted to this subreddit:
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:59:12
The math is as follows: assume that all N = 14 million BTC are used only for e-payments, i.e. no one is holding coins for speculation.  Assume that each coin is locked off the market T days, on the average, between being acquired by someone and being given to someone else in payment for something.  Let V be the volume of bitcoin e-payments that are happening, in US$/day.  Then the bitcoin price P must be V*T/N, in $/BTC.
Plugging in reasonable guesses for T and V, say 7 days and 10 million US$/day of e-payments using bitcoin, gives P = 5 $/BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:28:33
It was promptly replaced.  Now the top bids are 35.50 and 35.51 $/share, both for 100 shares (representing 10 BTC) hence ~3550 $ each.  
@_date: 2015-03-22 00:45:46
Bitcoincharts.com has a link below the chart through which you can download the data as a spreadsheet in CSV format.
I generally use [**my own historical daily price index**](
It is a smooth splice of the MtGOX price for the early years and of the Bitstamp price for the more recent period (after MtGOX started to behave strangely).
The last column is the important one, the mean price for the day (total USD traded divided by total BTC traded).  Each line spans the interval from 00:00:00 UTC to 23:59:59 UTC on the indicated UTC date.  All fields are zero when there is no information for that date.
@_date: 2015-03-06 03:32:16
Energy use by miners would skyrocket until it cost the same as today, 3600 BTCper day.
@_date: 2015-03-08 00:18:31


@_date: 2015-03-05 16:09:54
Is there any hint in his emails about his/her/its sexual orientation?  (This is a terribly important question, of course.)
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:26:10
Although the reused k was responsible for most of the account breaches, and was how the flaw was detected, there were also a couple of collisions among private keys generated with that bad RNG (which had only 8 bits of randomness, IIRC).
Once the cause of the bug was identified, someone was able to crack several additional private keys that users had created with the buggy BCI javascript, but had not used with it (and therefore could not be cracked by guessing the k) 
@_date: 2015-03-06 03:54:52
If there was no speculative holding, people would not hold bitcoins for longer than necessary to pay for purchases.  E.g. a monthly pay in bitcoins would all be spent during that month; any leftover would be invested in something else.  With optimistic guesses about the current volume of actual payments for goods and services (maybe 5 M USD/day), the average number of days that bicoins would be held before changing hands (say 30 days),  and the number of bitcoins in exsitence (about 13.6 M BTC), one gets ~11 USD/BTC as the price that bitcoin would have in that situation.  So more than 95% of the current price (270 USD/BTC) is due to speculation.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:40:49
If you know where I can buy bitcoin in 2012, I am interested.  Unfortunately all the places I know only sell bitcoins in 2015, and they do not seem to be as good as the 2012 bitcoins.
Seriously, all experient investors say that past perfomance is irrelevant for future performance.  Here is [**one example that had nearly exponential growth for 6 years straight**]( (much more accurate than bitcoin's).
The price of bitcoin (or of any stock) is not a creature that exists and grows by itself.  To predict its future (or tell whether a prediction is bullshit or not) one must understand what causes the price.  In the case of  bitcoin, the previous bubbles were due to bitcoin expanding into new markets. Internet drug purchases was one.  The November 2013 bubble was due to the opening of the Mainland Chinese market, specifically a large population of amateur commodity traders. The price has been falling because those traders are gradually giving up and selling their coins.  So, to see an even bigger bubble, and resume the 2009-2013 trend, one needs an even bigger market.  Where will that come from?
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:44:43
A Compl**IA**nce officer ensures that the clients **comply** with the law and stay compl**IA**nt.  Victims **complain** by filing compl**AI**nts.  Someone should tell the reporter.  --*Your friendly Spelling Nazi on duty*
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:18:37
Looking at that chart, it is obvious that bitcoin's evolution hit a standstill in Jul/2014 and is now running in reverse.  Expect the next bubble to be like the Aug/2012 one -- peaking and crashing after a $11 increase.
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:55:21
I don't get your question.  If it weren't for speculation, assuming the estimates above are about right, the price would be about 10 USD/BTC.  The price now is 270 USD/BTC.  So, more than 95% of the current price is due to speculation.  Without speculation, the price would be only 5% of the current price, or less.  what is wrong with these statements?
@_date: 2015-03-06 10:43:32
No. Simply knowing that the miners can jam the original branch will convince services and most nodes and miners to upgrade to the new protocol, even before the fork. Then most clients will do the same, and any player who doesn't upgrade will find that the old branch is not functional anymore.
That is: as in the previous hard forks, it will be the old branch that will become worthless, and all the value will pass to the new branch with little or no disturbance.
Besides, Gavin and Antonopoulos and Roger Ver and the Foundation and the major exchanges will be supporting the change, "for the good of bitcoin"; whereas Mircea will be leading the opposition. 8D
@_date: 2015-03-26 14:39:06
This [**file available on the OTCQX page**]( dated Sep 30 2013, describes how the fund works and its the situation as of that date (shortly before redemptions were suspended).
@_date: 2015-03-24 20:52:36
The news is that a bitcoin company licensed software from NASDAQ.  Period.  Presenting that as "NSDAQ and NYSE are taking steps to embrace Bitcoin" is like saying "Mercedes-Benz and Porsche took steps to kill Princess Diana"
@_date: 2015-10-14 21:32:36
Basically you send a satoshi to someone and say "Here, pretend that this satoshi is 10'000 shares of my company".  (Come on, didn't you learn that accounting technique in kindergarten?  Perhaps with pebbles or buttons instead of bitcoins?)
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:20:16
Well, for one thing it implies that drawing lines on the price chart, whether connecting peaks or some sort of average trend, is not likely to tell what will happen in the future, because it cannot possiblly predict if and when the "next China" will be.
It also suggests, for example, that the general downtrend of 2014 could be just the Chinese traders that adopted bitcoin in Nov/2013 gradually giving up; and the traders who started the rally on 2014-05-20 may have dumped everything already.  That the recovery in late 2011 need not have been a reversal of the decline in early 2011, but could well have been an indepenent rise in demand due to a different market/application.  And so on.
@_date: 2015-03-06 11:31:29
I don't question that, but the accounting shows the conditions for the energy consumption to become unbearable.  
Paradoxically, cheap energy may make that event *more* likely.  Suppose the scenario above (mining wastes 60 million dollars of energy per day).  At current prices, that would be a huge waste, but still a tiny percentage of all consumption (and all waste).  But now imagine that energy suddenly becomes so cheap that the electricity consumed by the entire world, minus bitcoin mining, costs only 30 million dollars per day.  Bitcoin mining will soon increase its consumption until it is spending 60 M$/day again, and then it will be consuming 2/3 of the world's electricity.
@_date: 2015-03-22 00:57:28


There is already the SecndMarket Bitcoin Investment Trust, soon to be traded on the pink sheet market with the ticker symbol GBIT.
That fund and the Winkles' ETF are basically equivalent: both are pegged to the BTC price, both relieve you from worrying about security of your computer, both are uninsured against theft, embezzlement or incompentent management of of the fund's holdings, both prevent you from actually accessing the BTC...
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:51:28
The "history of bitcoin" implied in your tweets does not seem correct.
The design did not call for huge petahash mines, at least at the present modest stage of adoption.  They were a consequence (probably unexpected and unwelcome) of the fixed block reward and the overvaluation of bitcoin by speculative investors, which made mining into a million-dollar-a-day activity.  
The current situation is an economic monstrosity, since mining is consuming 1 M$/day of money taken from people who think that they are *investing* in bitcoins -- but that investment is not giving to the investor any property rights on capital assets or productive capacity, and will never pay dividends.  Meanwhile the actual users of the network -- those who issue transactions -- and the early adopters -- who are making a paper profit just by owning coins -- pay almost zero for their benefits.
@_date: 2015-03-03 04:32:46
I think you are confused.  The ***fund shares***, issued by SecondMarket's BIT fund, will be traded on the OTC market and listed in OTCQX.  
SecondMarket will not buy or sell bitcoins, unless they sell more BIT shares or redeem them (1 share = 0.1 bitcoin in their holdings).  The BIT fund is holding ~135'000 BTC, but the number has not changed appreciably since last May.
@_date: 2015-03-06 06:28:26
900 BTC/day x 100'000 USD/BTC = 90'000'000 USD/day.  That is what the miners get when they sell the coins that they mined.
@_date: 2015-03-01 00:25:45
The price is currently almost totally speculative: investors buy it now at 253$ because they expect the price to be more than 253$, minutes or decades from now.  Those expectations (and therefore the current price) are not supported by rational arguments.
In the short term, the price still seems to be determined in large part by the Chinese day-traders.  (Since bitcoin cannot be used in China for internet payments or by banks, those traders probably see it only as as form of gambling.) Their "mood" (expectations of future prices) seems to be quite unpredictable, but, over the last year, increasingly pessimistic. 
Outside China, the expectations of traders seem to depend more on subjective evaluations of the likelihood of future possibilities (like, "a significant percentage of international payments will use bitcoin").  So, investment demand in the West varies according to the rumors and news.  But so far the Western traders do not seem capable of lifting the price for more than 70 dollars or so.
Meanwhile, the miners are creating 3600 new bitcoins every day, and those coins must find new longer-term investors (who buy to hold for a year or more) if the price is to be sustained.  Some believe that the miners themselves are acting as such investors, by holding  some of the mined coins instead of selling them.
Further increase in price would need a large increase in investment demand.  Some put their hope on the COIN ETF being approved by the SEC and may Americans investing their savings and disposable income in it.  Others look to Africa, Latin America, and East Asia as possible  sources of new demand.  (Myself, I hope that people in those countries will be able to see through the marketing and stay away from bitcoin.)
@_date: 2017-05-07 11:48:39
You cannot do a bilateral close on a channel to a "dead" partner.  
Or if you want to close the channel because the guy at he other end is charging high fees to relay your payments, and you found a cheaper alternative.  He probably will have no motivation to help you switch.
And you cannot say "In almost all cases people will be doing X".  You may only *hope* for that.  
In fact, if channels don't have an expiration time, it is likely that most channel closures will be unilateral, due to dead or uncooperative partners.
That is why the LN proposers must provide [a possible scenario, with numbers](
@_date: 2015-03-26 01:13:08
The Chinese have most of the world's hashpower, but it is concentrated in a few large mines and pools.  The Chinese citizens practically have no use for bitcoins other than day-trading (that is, gambling) inside the exchanges.  So there must be very little blockchain traffic originating from China, and little interest in any aspect of bitcoin other than mining and day-trading.
@_date: 2015-03-29 09:13:13
It is the *invisible* hand of the market.  What did you expect to see?
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:13:46
SegWit solves the malleability problem by moving the signature data (which is the part that can be "malleated") to an extension record, before computing the transaction ID as a hash of what is left.  The same effect could be obtained by simply skipping over the sigature data while computing the tx ID.
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:48:00


A 100 MB limit would have no  effect on the system, just as the 1 MB limit never had any effect until the stress tests of Jun/2015 exploited it to create huge backlogs.
The purpose of the limit is to avoid a hypothetical (but never observed) attack in which a malicious miner creates and solves a block so large that it makes other miners and clients choke and crash while downloading it.  
With the 1 MB limit, that could not happen because every miner would be configured to handle 1 MB blocks without crashing, and would reject any block larger than that before downloading it -- even though in 2010 the average blokc size was less than 10 kB.  
Today, it would be no problem to configure every software to handle a 100 MB block without crashing, and reject any bigger blocks at the door.  That would still make the "big block" attack ineffective, and therefore such attacks will never happen.  Blocks would continue growing at the same rate that they have been growing since 2010.


There will not be enough transactions to fill more than 2 MB of block.  


That did not happen until Jun/2015.  Fees were at the minimum, and yet there was not enough traffic to fill 1 MB per block.  Why would it suddenly jump to many times that level?
@_date: 2015-03-03 03:56:31
The purpose of that transaction was to demonstrate that Bitstamp had enough coins, right?
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:13:18


In the simplest case, a "new investor" gives money to directly to a miner or to an "earlier investor", in exchange for a coin that was mined and never sold, or was bought on some earlier day. The new investor then holds the coin at least for the rest of the day.  In practice there may be several traders and services in between, but since coins and money only pass quickly through them, they can be ignored when you want to see what effectivey happens to the money.


That doesn't matter.  If there were no other currencies involved,  then the new investors would have to put real goods and services into the system, in exchange for bitcoins, and the miners and earlier adopters will take those goods and services out.
So, for example, instead of a miner getting 6300 dollars for the 25 bitcoins that mined, he would be able to get a ton or nickel or a used car instead.  Someone would have to provide those goods, or other goods of the same value, in exchange of 25 bitcoins, and hold the latter at least to the next day. 
You would still have the same picture: every day, the new investors who are increasing their holdings put wealth into the bitcoin system, and miners and earlier adopters who are reducing their holdings take that wealth out. 
(Some money/wealth is also skimmed by the middlemen in that flow, such as exchange owners, fund managers, etc.; but let's assume that the amount is not significant.  In any case, their fees and profits also come from the input provided by the new investors.)
@_date: 2015-03-25 13:57:48
OK, I misread the chart, it was 8000 to 275$ (not 245$) when I looked.
Still, it does not make any difference.  Can't you see that *day trading* is not *investing*?  Day traders do not lift the price, they sell almost everything that they buy and are happy (as we can see now) when the price fluctuates, whether up or down.  
Only long-term investors, that buy bitcoins to hold, can lift he price.  If such an investor expects the price to be 2500$ in a couple of years, it does not matter whether he buys at 240$ or 270$; he will make nearly 900% profit, meaning almost 20 M$ profit from investing only 270 k$.  Why is no one doing it (including Draper, who did not even bother entering the last auction)?   
It does not matter whether investors buy on the exchanges or off them, the prices are connected by arbitragers and brokers who will rush in whenever there is a price difference between the two markets. 
The only bitcoin fund for which we have data is SecondMarket's BIT fund.  it only buys BTC when their clients buy fund shares, and sells when they sell.  Theyr holdings stopped growing at 130 kBTC last May, and the fund has been frozen since last October.  So "hedge funds"  are not buying either, on or off market.
The answer is that *no one with money to spare thinks that 1 BTC is worth more than 250$*.  Which means *no one with money to spare really believes that bitcoin will be 2500$ a few years from now*.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:00:05
If John Betts was with Sunlot, perhaps Brock Pierce is in Noble too, and "digital currencies" include Tether (formerly RealCoin), the "bitcoin" whose price is to be pegged to the dollar?
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:11:21
You don't, you just charge more than 100% premium.  That is, if A wants to sell 1 bitcoin for 260 $, he must pay you 270 $ first.  Then if B gets A's bitcoin and does a charge back, you give 260 $ to A and keep the 10 $.  If B does pay 260 $ to A, you keep the whole 270 $.   
Who knows, you may even get some clients.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:54:23


The key is "a thousand nodes, **all simulated on the same machine**".  That indeed makes routing an easy exercise in data structures.  Even for 100 million nodes.
But such a routing algorithm is not a "start" if (as is the case) it needs up-to-date knowledge of the state of each channel.  The "routing problem" of the LN is how to find a suitable route betwen two arbitrary users, without requiring every one of the 10 million users to notify a central routing server after every LN payment.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:25:24
Bitterness level 12.5... let me see... You went all in at 2650, correct?
@_date: 2016-10-08 12:22:32
But how does one prevent the miners themselves from caturing that data?  
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:08:54
@_date: 2015-03-31 17:20:09


Gee, I wonder why the world has not embraced bitcoin yet...
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:49:08
Here is [**how a hacker stole 50'000 USD from the bank account of a bitcoin venture**]( just by cracking the CEO's GMail password and nothing else.
@_date: 2015-03-04 22:05:20
According to a traditional Italian superstition, dead relatives may appear in dreams to reveal the winning numbers of the next lottery drawing.  Now, with bitcoin...
Surely Satoshi did not see that coming...
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:50:28


Today the miners get about 900'000 $/day from block rewards.  If the price went to 3000 $/BTC, they would get about 11 million $/day.  
The only source of this money is the new investors who buy bitcoins to increase their holdings.  They also are the source of the profits of earlier investors who are selling or spending their coins.  There seems to be no way to estimate this volume, but it must be at least several hundred thousands of dollars.
So, in 2018, in order to sustain the price at 3000 $/BTC, with 12.5 BTC/block rewards, it would be necessary to find investors willing to put at least 5.4 million dollars every day of their money into the bitcoin system.  That money will promptly leave the system through those two streams, and never come back.
The only thing that could motivate those new investors to do that in 2018 is their hope of becoming "early investors" at some later date and cashing out for a large profit.  If they count on cashing out (say) at 5000 $/BTC by 2021, then they must believe that in 2021 there will be new investors willing to pour in 9 M$ for the miners, and at least another 9 M$ to buy the coins that they bought in 2018, *every single day*.  And so on.
Will that work out?  Maybe...
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:58:33
Reasearch more... Those are not stocks of Volkswagen Roche, etc they are ADRs.  An ADR is a fund created by an US financial company, whose backing asset is stock from a foreign company (much like GBIT shares will be backed by bitcoins, but not actual bitcoins).  The purpose (like that of GBIT) is to allow US residents to invest in the foreign company, without having to trade on a foreign stock exchange with foreign currency.
@_date: 2016-10-12 12:18:17
It is not correct to put the dispute as "SegWit x 2 MB".  SegWit is basically a malleability fix that has only a small side effect on capacity.  
It is irrelevant to the actual dispute, which is between the Satoshi and the Greg Maxwell visions of how bitcoin should operate.  Specifically, with effectively unlimited block size, or with a tighlty capped block size.
@_date: 2015-03-26 13:49:35
[**The GBTC page on OTCQX**]( now shows some bids, ranging from 20.00$ to 31.50$ (equivalent to prices of 200 to 315 $/BTC).  Also several asks but with undeclared prices.
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:19:33
Yes.  There may exist an algorithm that finds the solution to the block puzzle faster than you can compute   100 hashes, or even *one* hash.  No one has found such an algorithm (in spite of many attempts by very bright guys), but no one has been able to prove that it does not exist (in spite of many attempts by very bright guys).  
That may be enough security to build an economy on, but it is definitely not "proven by math".
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:39:26
Those consumers and remitters hold coins only briefly and then return them to the market.  They have a small effect proportional to the time that they hold the coins and the volume of money transmitted.  If they buy and do not spend it all then they are "new investors"; when they spend or sell it later, they add to the money drain by becoming "early adopters who are cashing out".   People who put their money into fund shares are indirectly buying BTC to increase their holdings, only that the BTC are kept in the fund rather than their own wallets.
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:35:35
It may have been a misunderstanding.  That price would make sense if 1 BIT share represented 1 BTC, instead of 0.1 BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:55:17
Someone could find a method to invert *any* practically computable boolean function with a sufficiently small effort (i.e. give a constructive proof that there are no trapdoor functions).  In that case, there would be no working functions to upgrade to.   But then, not only bitcoin, but most current applications of public-key crytography (e-commerce, home banking, digital signatures, DRM, HDMI, cellphones, ...) would collapse.  Oh, and the Sun may go supernova, too.
A bit less drastically, if someone discovers a feasible method to compute a private key from a blockchain address (or to modify the values in a transaction request and fix the signature so that it remains valid), then he can start stealing other people's  coins.  It is not clear what could be done in that case. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 00:09:34
As the first bitcoin remittance companies are now finding out, there needs to be a "return flow" of bitcoins -- otherwise the local market of bitcoins in the destination country gets saturated, the local price drops, and the spread means the remittance company will lose money. 
The return flow would be provided by arbitragers who buy BTC in the local market, with the local currency, and sell them in the source country, for USD (or euros, GBP, whatever).
But then the arbitragers, in turn, need a way to convert the USD that they accumulate in the US bank for local currency in the destination country.
Well, if the arbitragers have a cheap way of doing that, a money remittance service could use the same channel, cut out the intermediaries, and beat the bitcoin-based one...
@_date: 2016-10-16 15:59:04
In Venezuela everybody would choose dollars.
@_date: 2015-03-06 01:50:08


Only a few ideologically motivated users would see such a change as catastrophic.  Day-traders and people who would use bitcoin only for payments won't care. Long-term holders would be scared, but they would soon support the change, because making a fuss about it would cause the price to drop.
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:14:06
There may be some confusion there.  That seems to be the amount of bitcoins that was left in MtGOX's wallets at bankruptcy time, and is now in possession of the bankruptcy trustee.
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:13:19


You are just making shit up, as usual.  What would be of bitcoin, without artificial animal manure?


Please wake me up when you understand the difference between the block SIZE and the block size LIMIT.
@_date: 2016-10-20 22:07:31


There is a widely assumed minimum fee, isn't it?  
Is there any website that shows that infinite incoming traffic, without truncation?
Why is it that miners never included that infinite incoming traffic in their blocks before Jun/2015?  
Why were they still ignoring it during part of the day, before the current surge?
@_date: 2016-10-08 12:24:41
That would require a set of aggregator nodes between clients and miners, right?  Apart from the censorship risk, what prevents those nodes from capturing that data?
@_date: 2016-10-24 08:27:38


Investment in a commodity is expected to be profitable when it is meant to buffer the mismatch between production and demand cyctles -- e.g. between harvest season and yearlong consumption.  In that case it is providing a valuable financial service, equivalent to loaning money to producers.
When the intent is to profit from unpedictable price variations, such as those due to speculative trading, investing in commodities is indeed a zero-sum game, a form of gambling -- like day-trading in anything else.
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:39:56
And think of what would happen if your machine gives a counterfeit 100$ bill to another client.  
@_date: 2015-03-26 19:27:37
The 31.5 increased the price to 50.00, wow.  But I understand that those bids are for 100 and 635 shares, ie 73.5 BTC total.  Is that so?
@_date: 2015-03-25 03:10:23
IIRC, Trezor sells theirs through Amazon, that is supposed to have secure warehousing.  But you'd better check with them.  I don't know about Ledger.
@_date: 2015-03-31 06:21:04
The incident that was described by the prosecution in the NY closing statements was not the one described in these charges against the rogue agents.
The NY incident involved a supplier nicknamed FriendlyChemist (FC) who threatened to expose other SR clients or suppliers if DPR did not get the money that another reseller owed to FC. Then DPR (so he thought) hired the Hell's Angels of Canada to get rid of FC. 
If I recall correctly, during the negotiations with the HA, DPR mentioned that he had previously paid 80'000 USD for an earlier hit; which must be the one that was faked by the rogue agents.
My understanding is that the NY trial never included any "murder for hire" charges, and that the Maryland trial is about this second incident; which may have been fake too, but not by the rogue agents, and was solicited by DPR rather than offered by the HA. Is this correct?
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:16:53
Yes, that was the mistake, but the prompt ACH prevented him from canceling the payment (and the thief was obviously counting on that).
(However, he should also have immediately emailed the warning to the receiving bank, with copy to the FBI, and made a formal police report -- instead of waiting for Wells Fargo to do that.)
@_date: 2015-03-24 14:15:03
That "return flow" is a real problem for such ventures.  A similar Philippine startup recently complained about it.  
The branch of BitPesa in Kenya must sell the bitcoins locally to get the KES to give the recipient.  However, the local demand for BTC is not very big, so the BTC price in Kenya will quickly drop compared to the price in the US, possibly rendering the business uncompetitive.  
Eventually arbitragers will appear who buy those cheap BTC in Kenya with KES and sell them in the US for dollars, with a profit.  Their demand may keep the BTC price in Kenya high enough to keep BitPesa competitive.
However, in the long run, the arbitragers will need a way to send those USD to Kenya as KES.  If they have a privileged bank channel that can do that without eating their profit, then they could set up a remittance service using that channel, and beat BitPesa...
@_date: 2015-03-21 19:22:32
Perhaps they too were victims of the Evolution heist?
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:53:59
Not at all, the model is not based on TA principles and is expressely ***non***-predictive.  It only tries to *explain the past* as the superposition of separate surges of demand, due to opening and closing of separate "markets".  
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:43:31


You are still confusing "how much mining costs to the bitcoin system" with "how much running the mining rigs costs to the miners".  See the taxi example above:  if the taxi driver pays 30 $/day for gasoline, that is **his** "cost of fuel". If the gas station owner pays 20 $/day for the same fuel at the refinery, that is **the gas station's** "cost of fuel".    What is "cost" for one entity is "revenue" for its suppliers; so you must always note "for whom" when you say "cost".


The cost **for the miners** would increase enormously, but the cost of mining **for the bitcoin system** would be the same, 3600 BTC/day.


Totally correct, and I never wrote otherwise.  But not in the opposite direction: the bitcoin price has a strong effect on the cost of mining for the bitcoin system.  In fact that cost is proportional to the bitcoin price.  If the price were to double, the miners would suck twice as much value from the bitcoin economy, namely 1.8 M$/day instead of 900 k$/day.  That value would have to come from the pockets of the new BTC buyers, and it will never come back to the economy.
@_date: 2017-05-03 00:54:31
By kicking out BTCdrak, you mean?
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:06:16
I suppose that it would be much more difficult to keep the bitcoin network in one piece (connected) and relatively in sync.  Perhaps the block rate would have to be lowered, and/or the number of orphaned blocks would increase.
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:50:30
I am really skeptical of the longterm success of bitcoin.  You can't expect me to write the opposite...
@_date: 2015-03-01 23:50:48
The SMBIT trust does not trade.  If you were to invest 25'600 US$ now, when the market price of BTC is 256$, they would buy 100 BTC for you, and give you 1000 shares of SMBIT.  If sometime later you wanted to get out (redeem, withdraw, liquidate), when the market price of BTC was 157$, you would give the 1000 shares back to them, they  will sell the 100 bitcoins and give you 15'700$.
The "advantages" include that you cannot sell the shares to other people, you cannot redeem for 6 months after investing, you pay x% to the fund managers on entry and per year, and you must trust that those guys will keep their coins safe and not play tricks with them.  Oh, and all redemptions have been suspended since last October while they wait for the shares to be tradeable via brokers on the OTCQX index.
@_date: 2015-03-05 12:47:17


Aw, it seemed fun, until it got to  that part.  8D
@_date: 2017-05-07 11:37:00
No one has been willing or able to describe what the LN *could* look like, if and when it will have a million users.  
There are those (me included) who claim that the LN concept is just not viable, technically but mostly economically.   To refute that claim, it would suffice to describe a scenario with a million users that would be viable.  The scenario does not have to be a *prediction*, not even a *likely* future; and it need not describe how the LN will get to that state.  But the description must have the essential numbers --including how many LN payments users of each class (consumers, merchants, landlords, employers, etc.) will make per month, what is the distribution of the number and fundings of the channels in each class, what is the expected lifetime and uptime of those nodes, etc..
Such a scenario is essential to show that the concept is worth pursuing at all.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:08:20
As a simple store of value (not with the intent of gain), bitcoin is not attractive.  Other investments, such as real estate and stocks,  are safer and are actually expected to generate wealth.
For those who value safety more than revenue, gold used to be a good option, but its speculative overvaluation and its substantial loss of value in recent years makes it arguably much riskier than stocks.
Most people who buy bitcoins do not seem to be looking simply for a low-risk store of value.  They seem  totally motivated by the expectation of substantial gains, whether minutes or decades in the future.  That is speculation.
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:50:47
Buyers who get most of their money's worth in goods or services *right away* can be ignored in this analysis.  People who put in goods and services in exchange of bitcoins, and keep those, are new investors too, they are just investing those assets instead of dollars.
The point is that there is a net flow of money (a small part of it in the form of goods and services), amounting to more than a million dollars a day, from  the people who are increasing their holdings (by buying, or, far less commonly, by accepting bitcoins in payment) to two other groups of *distinct* people , the miners and the people who are reducing the holdings that they acquired in previous days (by selling or spending them).  That massive flow of wealth between those three groups of people is the main economic effect of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:06:53
Both are one vertical stroke with two horizontal strokes.  What's the difference?
@_date: 2015-03-05 11:15:31
Traders with lots of dollars could push the price up. Traders with lots of coins could push it down.    Bitcoins are distributed very unevenly (a few people own most of the coins; Satoshi himself owns 8% or more) and there is no sign that the distribution is getting more egalitarian with time.  So, even if the price goes to a million dollars per coin, there will be people who can crash the price by selling a few percent of their coins.
@_date: 2016-10-14 15:23:54
Thanks!  But still only through brokers, and with the restrictions re IRA etc, right?
@_date: 2017-05-14 00:10:40
Sigh.  I said, " good for producers and consumers".  Note: I did not say day-traders. 
You replied "It's good for any economic actors."  I suppose that you meant that it is good also for day-traders.  
You then complained violently when I "bastardized" that to "good for everyone".  
So help me understand: you claim that the ability to trade is good for consumers, producers, and day-traders -- but bad for someone else? Who else?  Do they matter for this discussion?
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:07:00
I did not see any mention of the Lightning Network there.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:16:59
According to their initial promises, in the first quarter of **2014**.
@_date: 2015-03-04 17:19:37
OK, thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2015-03-04 03:24:09


There is [**a thread in bitcointalk.org that is tracking it**](  
[**This post**]( shows that data in graphical format.  A direct link to the plot is [**here**](
As the plot shows, there was no net investment since last May, except for a quick sequence of investments totalling ~10 M$ in Nov/2014 (that may have caused the Nov/2014 mini-bubble).  Investors have put ~68 M$ (net) into it so far, and its holdings are worth ~38 M$, so investors had an average ~44% loss (on paper).
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:55:34
The revenue from USMS auctions must be tiny compared to the USMS budget.  My guess is that they instinctively chose to be nice to bidders because the bidders were "right there" while the citizens who paid their salaries and owned the merchandise were "far away".
That sort of undue kindness happens all the time, in the government and outside it, when you have someone managing other people's property.
@_date: 2015-03-05 12:44:19
Hey, he stole my idea, that I posted here or in some other forum a month or so ago. 8D  
Back when spam became a problem, I thought of posting on my homepage "Unsolicited advertising is gladly accepted at the above email address. A fee of 10$ per message will be billed to the sender."  
But bitcoin makes the idea much more practical. 8D 
@_date: 2016-05-31 14:51:49
So you would be swapping a Fiat for a Lamborghini? Sounds like a fantastic deal to me.
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:53:22
Bitcoin may be advantageous for international payments, if there is a payment processor that will take your bitcoins (or your national currency) and pay the merchant in his national currency.  Otherwise the hassles, fees, accidental costs, and lack of chargeback option will make most users prefer CC/PayPal.
@_date: 2015-03-07 07:44:35
I don't know how to explain more...  I may add some more plots if I have time. (Have you looked at the plot?)
Do you understand what the "simple bubble" looks like? (Two exponentials, one rising, one falling, with an optional flat top in between.)  By adding the "simple bubbles" shown in the plot, one gets a series of model prices (green line) that is fairly close to the series of actual prices (gray line)
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:30:31
Thanks.  Only 1%/year?  Amazing...
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:57:33
Well, perhaps you can see now why there is not much love for bitcoinERS...
@_date: 2016-10-12 11:51:25


There is no way to force users of such a system to follow certain rules.  Each user may try to punish or reward other users for their behavior; but, if enough users want to change the rules, the rules will change.  That is life.
Anyway, system that cannot evolve to fix flaws or to adapt to changing conditions  will soon become obsolete and die.
@_date: 2015-03-31 06:39:13
Perhaps ChangeTip did not think of that either...
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:53:08
But...but... those explosives could be put to good uses, as Ted Kaczynski had aptly demonstrated some years before...
@_date: 2015-03-31 11:53:34
The computation SHA256(salt||entropy) is done inside the device, correct?  Then how do I check that the key was indeed computed by that formula, rather than by a formula that ignores the salt, or uses only (say) 20 bits of it?
A malicious device can perhaps do more than just generate bad keys.  It can generate good keys but save them internally, and leak them later by some covert channel e.g. via bluetooth-like emission...
@_date: 2015-03-01 01:31:16
Why not "finney"? Does "finney" rhyme with "penny"?
@_date: 2015-03-03 04:06:52
Really? Are you thinking of the USMS auctions, or GBIT? Neither is about selling bitcoins OTC.
@_date: 2015-03-25 13:33:33
I don't see anything close to a straight line in that period (about 2014-02-20 to 2014-03-15), on Bitstamp, Bitfinex,  Huobi or OKCoin.  Check any chart site. It looks like a bug in your data files, or in the plotting software.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:23:29
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:53:17


But the main risk comes from a mining company (or a coalition of companies) with more than half the total hashpower "breaking bad".
That risk does not depend on total hashpower, but on how well it is distributed.  Right now, the top 5 bitcoin mining companies have more than 50% of the total.  What is the situation for Dogecoin?
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:35:13
AFAIK, in China bitcoin owners have practically no options to spend their bitcoins.  All they can do is trade them at the exchanges, and mine them (and make mining equipment).
Last time I checked, the top 5-6 mining companies/pools, with more that half of the total hashpower, were in China.  I believe that most of the bitcoins that they mine are sold on "Western" (non-Chinese) markets.  
The Nov/2013 bubble was due to demand in China following the opening of the Mainland Chinese market.  Chinese day-traders have been largely in control of the price since then.  The decline since Feb/2014 is presumably due to them losing interest gradually, selling their coins and leaving. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 16:46:42
One silbert.
@_date: 2017-05-13 22:12:38
Are you confusing me with someone else?  I don't recall that.  If I did, it must have been a joke. (The mission of is to **laugh** at bitcoiners, did you know?).
In fact, I have repeatedly stated here and elsewhere that Satoshi's whitepaper is quite good, not only for its technical contents but also as an example of good technical writing.  Which is precisely what the Sidechains paper is totally not.
@_date: 2017-05-21 18:39:23


IIUC, that cannot happen because MtGOX is no more.  Those coins are held by the bankruptcy trustee, and it would be him who would have to sell the coins.
AFAIU, there is much confusion because the word "bankruptcy", which strictly speaking means extiction of the company, is often used as a short for "bankruptcy *protection*".  The latter is a state where all lawsuits  by creditors against the company are suspended, and a court is deciding whether to let the company continue operations with court supervision, and pay off the debts according to some plan agreed with the creditors; or whether it should be extinguished and all its assets should be liquidated (turned into money) and distributed fairly to the creditors.
Japan Airlines once filed for bankruptcy protection, and operated for several years under a specific regime, until the creditors were satisfied and the company became profitable again.  Then it "came out of bankruptcy".
AFAIK, in the case of MtGOX that question was decided by the court shortly after Mark filed for bankruptcy protection; and the decision was to close and liquidate.
@_date: 2015-11-21 22:14:29
Only fools keep their savings "invested" in a currency.  Especially in a currency that has lost 20% of its value in the last 12 months, 78% in the previous 12 months, and could quite possibly lose 100% in the next 12 months.
@_date: 2016-05-05 11:42:08
Foul play was generally suspected at the time, but the Singapore police later concluded that it was suicide.  
(However, the evidence for suicide that I have seen mentioned could have been easily faked...)
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:07:44
My guess is that those bids are just the level-2 authorized brokers testing and priming the system.
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:03:44
Oops, thanks for the fix.
@_date: 2015-03-06 06:27:00
Since there is no way to "turn off" speculation for bitcoin, it is just hypothetical anyway.
That computation only shows that usage is not holding the price up.  The price is holding itself up.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:00:18
Before the current owners of BIT shares can sell them through brokers, they must first receive some electronic certificate.  The certificates are being sent out and should get to them in a couple of days.  Then, perhaps, some of them may want to sell for the price that someone else may want to buy for.
@_date: 2015-03-08 14:42:05


Of course; and that is why the theoretical probability is not the real probability.
@_date: 2017-05-01 09:53:46


Sorry again for not being clear.  She does *not* have any obligation to pay any additional amount at a later time; that is precisely the point.  If the min on-chain fee increases while Bob is holding her LN payment, it is Bob who must pay the extra fee -- even if it was agreed at the beginning that Alice would pay that fee,   So, Bob cannot trust his wallet when it says "you have $10".
@_date: 2015-03-29 19:12:53
I am not saying that it is insecure, only that it is not true  that it is "proven by math".
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:41:08
Stil no reply from OTCQX.  
There is a new level-2 broker "WEDB"  on their "level-2 montage".
I now noticed a couple of lines at the top of the page: "Common Stock - Each BIT share represented ownership of 0.1 bitcoins / Alternative Reporting"  Was that text there before?  It doesn't answer our question, but, if it is new, maybe it was prompted by my email 8D...
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:03:06
The miners *do* get the 3600 bitcoins per day.  At today's price, those bitcoins are worth 900'000 USD.  Some of that money pays for the costs of the miners, the rest is profit of the miners; both together are the cost of maintaining the blockchain.   None of it gets returned to the investors and other players.  What is wrong in that?
If you have a taxi, all the money that you pay for fuel at the pump is (part of) your cost.  It does not matter that only some of that money goes into actually making the fuel, while some goes into the pocket of the gas station owner and other people.  Their costs **and** their profits are both part of **your** cost.
The cost of maintaining the blockchain is N x 24 x 6 x P where N is the block reward and P is the current BTC price.   How much of that is the miners's own costs and how much is their profit depends on many other variables, but it does not change how much mining as a whole costs to the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2015-03-30 15:52:23
Well, the scene is not as positive as that infographic makes it seem.
China also banned the use of bitcoin for e-payments, and weighted on the exchanges to curb aggresive promotion of bitcoin.  Bank services to the exchanges have been restricted as well. 
Bitcoin was not "ruled a currency" in the US.  The IRS still considers it a commodity.  It counts as money for money laundering, just as gold or any valuable property that can be used for the purpose.  Bitcoin exchanges require money transmitting licenses because they can be used to transmit dollars.  And so on.
Lawsky did not announce "the License" but a license proposal.  Not yet in efect, and may never be.
What were the "first bitcoin derivatives traded on a regulated exchange" on Oct/2014?
Microsoft does not "accept bitcoin payments".  They still only accept dollars, but since December they will take dollars also from bitcoiners that get them by selling their bitcoins to Bitpay.   And still only for a limited range of non-refundable digital products.
NYSE invested an **undisclosed amount** in Coinbase "to bring more transparency to bitcoin pricing", whatever that means.  May have been "strategic" to Coinbase but hardly for NYSE.
@_date: 2015-03-25 03:07:21
If Ledger can make a thingie that looks like a Ledge Nano, others can make a thingie that looks like a Ledger Nano, too.  How do you tell them apart?
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:19:07
Thanks, I missed that.  
EDIT: That page talks mostly about crowd-based technology in general.  Those mentions generally say "bitcoin technology"; "bitcoin" itself is only mentioned as an example of such crowd technology.  So my question still stands.
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:28:50
Which BTM maker do you work for?
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:46:53
It is a just a test of a multi-hop payment.  No one said that such thing would not (technically) work.
@_date: 2015-10-15 02:42:49
The idea of the attack is well-known: just operate as a bitcoin node, grab a transaction that someone else issued, replace its signature by the equivalent "negative" signature, and re-broadcast it.  That algorithm should be easy to insert into any bitcoin implementation, if you are somewhat familiar with the it.  Alistair's code above if the signature replacement function.
@_date: 2015-03-02 17:02:21
Where is that statistic?  AFAIK the MtGOX bankruptcy trustee has yet to define how the claims will be submitted, so there are no filed claims yet.
@_date: 2015-03-26 17:05:03
That was not a shill bot, it was a troll bot pretending to be a shill bot.
@_date: 2015-03-07 16:58:11


More precisely, by the investors who are buying coins today to increase their holdings. Thye are putting nearly 1 million USD per day of fresh money into the bitcoin system. That money is leaving the system through the miners and will never come back.
The block reward of 25 BTC is too high for the current BTC price, and unfortunately there seem to be no decentralized way of making it depend on the price.  Having new investors pay for the transactions of users and holders is an economic aberration.  It is "free market" understood in the totally wrong sense.
For a healthy free market, in the proper sense, transaction fees should be de dominant source of revenue for the miners, not block rewards.
However, if that were to happen, the number of transactions would drop to maybe 10% of the current volume, or even less.  Many intensive applications, like tumbling and gambling, would become inviable pricewise; and bitcoin would lose some of its ecconomic advantage over PayPal and other payment methods.  
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:03:17
I have been reading promises of "fusion will be economical in the next 10 years" since the 1970s.  They have become rare lately, though.  
In the 1950s, it was claimed that fission energy would be so cheap that there would not be any reason to have usage meters in homes.  It turned out to be one of the most expensive sources of energy, that only survives because of military motives (read plutonium making) and huge hidden subsidies by governments (such as offloading the costs of nuclear accidents and spent fuel disposal to the taxpayers, forcing people to use their electricity, raising energy prices so as to guarantee fixed % of profits over total assets, etc.)
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:12:50
I don't think they are insured against subtntial theft, embezzlement, admin error (like losing the private keys to the cold wallet).  The COIN ETFis not, they say so in their filing (and refuse to be held responsible for some of those events).  They offer no hedge against BTC price falling.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:35:05
They showed one brick.  That is not the building.  They **still** can't even tell how many floors the building is supposed to have.
More explicitly: payment channels and multi-hop channel payments work (technically).  No one ever disputed that.  
The problem is building a *viable* decentralized payment **network** out of such payment channels, that could handle 10 million users making the sort of payments that they now use credit cards and PayPal for.
For more than a year, I (and other people) have been asking the LN proponents to sketch a *possible* future scenario for the LN, when it will have 10 million users -- but *with the essential numbers*, such how many channels per user, how many payments per user per day, etc..  Any scenario that I can think of would not be viable, for technical and/or eceonomic reasons.  
@_date: 2016-10-16 03:37:36
Your memory can't span more than two comments, I see.  ;-)
As I wrote, neither bitcoins nor dollars "store" or "have" value in themselves.  For both, the value is defined by other people.  For the dollar there is a powerful entity that tries to keep that value stable enough for it to be a good currency. For bitcoin, there is no such entity.  Got that?
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:59:13


Issuing a ransom payment is not illegal, but receiving it is a crime. 


Ransomware was hardly known before, because there was no "safe" way for the hackers to receive the payment.  Since they started using bitcoin, it has exploded into a problem that costs several hundred million dollars a year in ransom, and much more in service interruption and other damage.


See [this comment](
@_date: 2015-03-27 00:34:52
PS. The name of the fund is still "Bitcoin Investment Trust" (BIT).  "GBTC" is just the ticker symbol assigned to BIT shares by OTCQX, just as "WMT" is the NYSE ticker symbol for Walmart.  There are no "GBTCs" or "GBTC shares".
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:45:13
Speaking of which, where did the MtGOX coins go, and who took them?
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:01:52
A fake hardware wallet could steal the bitcoins, e.g. by generating weak private keys or leaking them through the signed transactions.  This sort of attack is likely to happen eventually as more and more people put large sums in their hardware wallets.  While it is not trivial to make a malicious device, a single successful attack could net millions of dollars to the thieves, with very little risk.
As a minimum precaution, only buy direct from the manufacturer or from authorized resellers that have secure warehousing facilities.  Do not trust offers from eBay, independent stores, or other non-authorized sources.
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:46:12
Sorry for using colors.  I will try to do more plots, maybe a couple of weeks from now.
The model is *descriptive*, not predictive, because it cannot tell if and when new bubbles will occur.  I don't think that one can predict the price by TA or any other mathematical or statistical analysis. In particular, one cannot extrapolate a straight line fitted to the log plot.  One must look at the world and try to figure out if and when there will be a new surge of demand, where and by whom.
@_date: 2016-10-04 08:56:03
Unlike the miners, the relay nodes have no incentive to "be honest".   Why are they doing their service?  Why should you trust them more than the miners?
Suppose that a majority of the miners accepts a block and continues mining on top of it, but all the non-mining relays that you contacted decide to reject that block, and show you instead a branch of the blockchain that only a minority of the miners is mining.  Why is that a good thing?
In that situation, suppose that indeed the "good" branch (the one which you would have wanted to follow, if you did full validation) is the minority branch.  If a single relay node serves you the majority branch, why would you not choose it?
Funny how, seven years later, there are still bitcoin "experts" that don't understand how the protocol works.  Or, was supposed to work. Lol.
@_date: 2015-03-31 13:53:48
MtGOX was a bitcoin bank, and most bitcoiners were happy to leave their bitcoins at the bank and believe that the bank IOUs were real.
Bitcoiners don't seem to have learned much from MtGOX; they still trust BlockchainInfo wallets, Coinbase, Circle, bitcoin funds, and still leave hundreds of thousands of coins in the exchanges...
@_date: 2015-03-06 01:57:39


Yes, but an altcoin that is "preloaded" with all accounts and UTXOS of the original bitcoin, accessible though the same private keys.  After the split, every user who owned N "OldBitcoins" will also have N of those "NewBitcoins".  He can move either set independently, by duplicating his wallet and using each copy with the appropriate version of the client software.  Unless one of the two coins becomes totally worthless right away, it is in the users' interest to use both.  Exchanges and payment processors may pick one version only, but they woud get more volume if they supported both coins as separate altcoins.
@_date: 2015-03-26 01:08:58
What prevents a site from taking all the funds in the user's ZeroClick wallet on the first access?
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:42:47
Don't fool yourself, don't fool others.  The IRS decision is  valid only for tax purposes.  For AML enforcement, anything that can be used as money counts like money.  Ditto, probably, for MSB licensing and 'war on drugs'.
@_date: 2015-03-06 02:50:15
Well, Jesus despised the rich, advised people to pay their taxes, and hated currency exchangers.  Bitcoiners concluding from those hints that He would have loved bitcoin should be counted as another of His Miracles.
@_date: 2015-03-08 14:38:20
The government could implement such a system with a central database.  So the first question is: what advantages does a decentralized solution have over a centralized solution, that justifies the higher cost of the former?
The second problem is that if someone were to get your property transferred illegally -- by fraud, violence, hacking -- there would be no way to recover it (just as already happens with bitcoins).
There is also the reverse problem: if the owner loses the private keys or dies, the object cannot be sold or inherited any more.
@_date: 2016-10-26 06:52:10
Everybody should pay 20% more than the median fee.  That way everybody's transactions will get ahead of everybody else's.
@_date: 2016-10-16 03:26:08


Wanna bet?
Creators of *intentional* ponzi games usually go to jail.  In some jurisdictions, it does not matter whether the ponzi character is transparent to smart people.  It does not matter if the ponzi is attached to some business that is not a ponzi.
Accidental ponzis, like those that speculators put on top of gold and stocks, generally don't send anyone to jail, because the blame cannot be pinned on anyone.  I am sure that no one will go to jail for the bitcoin investment ponzi.  (But Satoshi would run a serious risk of going to jail for creating Liberty Reserve v2.0.  That is my best guess for why he disappeared so suddenly and completely in Dec/2010.)
@_date: 2017-05-08 01:46:48
I know of several *[toy implementations](  Are there simulations of a million users with minimally parameters?  
In fact, if they provided just the minimally realistic parameters, I could code the simulation myself.
@_date: 2015-03-04 11:11:33
Each GBTC share represents 0.1 BTC held by the fund managers, so its Nominal Asset Value (NAV) is the current market price of 0.1 BTC. (The fund contract specifies how this market price is determined.)  When someone invests dollars directly in GBTC, the fund gives him new shares and buys the corresponding BTC.  The reverse happens when the client redeems the shares -- that is, sells them back to the fund and gets the dollars.  Redemption pays 0.1 of the market price of BTC at that time.  So buying GBTC shares in theory is just as good or bad investment as investing in BTC, except that GBTC charges a few percent in administrative fees.
However, there is a 12 month period after investment when the client cannot redeem nor sell the shares to anyone else.  moreover redemptions have been disabled since last October.   The big news is that there is going to be brokers that will allow clients to buy and sell any shares older than 12 months to anyone else.  In that market, whose price will be listed on OTCQX and other brokers, the price of a GBTC share may be higher or lower than the price of 0.1 BTC on exchanges.  It is hard to guess which it will be.
However, people
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:00:11
Does the Swedish Tax Authority get similar information from the Swedish stock exchange and stock brokers?
@_date: 2016-10-17 10:44:17
Real estate can produce revenue by providing a valuable service (rent); and it has a fundamental demand that does not depend on speculation (people who buy to live in it).  It may go up in price, but it does not have to.  Even of you don't rent it out, and you sell years later for the same price that you paid, it will have been a good store of value.
That is the opposite of speculation, where you buy only because you expect to make a profit by selling it for a higher price.  Which will be, almost necessarily, due to speculation too.
Real estate prices in the US were overinflated by speculation in 2008.  I do not know how they are now.  If they are still overpriced, that will limit how much value you can expect to recover years from now.
@_date: 2015-03-29 00:14:56
I do get your point. I was just offering a possible explanation as to why the packages are being opened.
@_date: 2015-03-06 18:56:21
The only data I am fabricating is the price of 100'000 USD/BTC.  If it were 0.10 USD/BTC instead, miners would get only 90 USD/day, of which maybe 60 USD/day would be wasted electricity.  There will be only a handful of miners perhaps, and one would care about that waste.
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:00:49
If the US were to ban bitcoin, their allies would follow suit.  In that case, bitcoin could still survive as an underground activity, or in non-allied nations.  In most of its current domain, however, it would be difficut to spend or convert to national currencies. Demand and price would then crash.
@_date: 2016-10-16 01:06:11


No, they cannot "store" value.  Some people may believe that they are valuable, and pay for them.  The bitcoins themselves cannot do anything, do not hold anything, do not stand for anything, do not entitle you to anything -- except the capability to sell them to someone else.  If the bitcoin network is working, that is.


No, the *market cap* rises. 
The market cap of an ordinary company is a good rough measure of its value, because its shares are titles of property of the company's assets and expected profits,  and investors generally have a good idea of the value of those things.  If all Apple sharelholders were somehow forced to sell their shares in a couple of months, the total value of the sale would be close to the market cap.
The market cap of a cryptocurrency is a fictional quantity.  If I create a cryptocurrency with 100 billion coin premine, and sell 1 coin to miself for $10, that makes its market cap to be 1 trillion dollars.  It does not measure the value of the network, because the coins are not titles of property (equity) of it.  It is the number of extant coins times the market price of the coin; but the vast majority of the coins have never been exposed to trading, and the price is defined by speculation, without any grounding in the use or utility of the currency.   If all holders of bitcoins were forced to sell all their holdings in a couple of months, the price would collapse to single digits and probably never recover.
A more interesting metric would be the amount that has been invested in the purchase of the existing bitcoins.  There is no way to get that data, but with some reasonable assumptions I guess that it is between half a billion dollars and several billion.  That is not value, but deficit: it is how much new money should be poured into the system to let all current holders exit with no loss.  Of course that would only transfer the same deficit to the new investors who would have to provide that money (because it cannot come from any other source).
@_date: 2015-03-26 20:59:09
Depending on how you buy and who you are, you may have to hold the shares for 12 months before being allowed to sell them to anyone else or redeeming them. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 16:06:54
Thanks. I recall that simulator, but it seemed to be just a demo to show how the concept is supposed to work.
Can it handle a few thousand nodes, at least?  
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:33:06
That article is totally wrong.  The 61.9 million in that form is the amount that ~~victims~~ BIT clients already invested buying BIT shares since it opened in 2013-09.  Most of it was invested before 2014-05. 
So far, those clients have lost ~45% of their money due to falling BTC price.  Unlike people who bought raw bitcoins at the same time, those BIT clients cannot cut their losses, because they cannot redeem their shares.  
Not Wall Street but Fools Street.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:07:22
And tell the customer to pay 10% over market for the BTM bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-05-07 19:02:54


A lightning network is not just a piece of software: it is a million **bitcoiners** choosing to use that software to do actual payments, because it is better than the alternatives.
With the most optimistic assumptions, you are several years away from beginning to have a working LN.


Tanks for the link.  But they don't even get near to describing what the *network* will look like -- topology, usage and channel statistics, etc.  They only describe what they *hope* that the *user interface* will be like.  And there are many problem with their claims, such as:


Not quite.  First, if there is no direct channel between Alice and Bob (the most common and interesting case, that is the great idea of the LN), one of the two client apps will need to contact a routing service, that *may* provide a path of two or more channels.  Alice and Bob's apps will have to negotiate a multi-hop payment with the intermediate nodes in that path; which, for a decentralized topology, is expected to have between half a dozen and a couple dozen hops.  
The fees demanded by those middlemen will have to be added to the price to be paid by Alice, and/or subtracted from the amount received by Bob.  The affected person will be asked to give her/his approval if the fee exceeds some pre-established threshold. 
There is a possibility -- maybe 1 in 100 payments, or more -- that the negotiation will fail for some reason.  The routing service may then be unable to find an alternate path.  Or it may be unable to find any path with sufficient capacity in the first place.  Then what?
If the payment succeeds, the routing service needs to be notified about the change in the balances of all those channels, so that it can tell whether they can carry other payments.


I can't make sense of that (and maybe Rusty can't either).
The whole point of the LN is supposed to be to avoid the cost and delay of on-chain transactions.  If the bitcoin network continues to operate in congested mode, as specified in the Blockstream roadmap, the fee may be several dollars, and the delay may be days.  If a new channel needs to be created in order to enable an LN payment, that is a failure of the LN.  Even if it occurs once every 100 payments, it will be unacceptable to users. 
Besides the fee and delay, creating a channel requires locking funds into it, well in excess of the first payment.  Need I explain why it is bad to have one's bitcoins split into half a dozen channels, and locked there?


They still need to validate the channel opening transactions, like ordinary clients.  They also need to watch the blockchain for the "stale transaction" fraud.  (Yes, I know: they can pay "a modest fee" to someone else to do that for them, 24/7, even on channels that they haven't used for months.)
More importantly, Alice cannot pay Bob through the LN while Bob is offline -- even if they have a direct channel.  So an LN node must be connected to the internet 24/7, and respond automatically to incoming payments.  The last part is tricky if the receiver is supposed to pay part of the LN fee -- which, for multi-hop payments, is not known beforehand.


The Litecoin network is not congested, it has 2.5 minute interblock time, and there are no Litecoin-accepting merchants to speak of.  Why would anyone want to use a LiteLighting Network?
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:22:29
500'000 US$/day is not "too much", I would be surprised if successful arbitragers cannot find a way to convert that amount.
But, thinking it over, you may be partly correct.  Chinese miners obviously want to sell for the best price, whether in China or outside, taking into account their true costs for USD/CNY conversion.    If the price outside is higher, the miners would rather sell outside China, which would depress the price there.  Conversely, if the the price in China surged above the price outside, they would sell in China.  So the miners themselves would act as arbitragers, in the sense of acting to equalize the price in both markets.
However, on the average, apart from temporary swings of mood, the Chinese day-traders appear to have been cashing out for the last 14 months.  So, while they can absorb some of the miner's coins during periods of increased optimism, their net contribution to the flow of coins has added to the Chinese miners' output, not subtracted from it.  Therefore, in the end, all the coins mined in China in these 14 months must have been sold in the "West", together with some of the coins that the Chinese traders had in Dec/2013.
@_date: 2015-03-03 12:46:14
When the BIT fund started, the shares were redeemable by the fund manager for USD at 0.1 of the current market price.  Redemption was allowed only after a 6 months (then raised to 12 months?) lock-in period.  Since 28/Oct/2014 all redemptions were halted while they negotiated the listing at OTCQX (which they had originally promised for Q1/2014).  I have seen nowhere any hint that they will re-enable redemptions.  Perhaps Merriman Capital will be able to redeem any shares that they buy from the fund, but I have seen no  information on that either.  Redemption in BTC was never an option.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:25:19
I am assuming that those bids listed today are just token bids to test and prime their interface to the OTCQX system.  Do you think that there is already demand for BIT shares by final investors, that has reached the APs?  I don't see why the APs would want to exchange bitcoins for BIT shares, if there is no demand yet.
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:40:24
For one thing, because no one can say what would be the dollar value of 1 BTC next month.  Not even how many figures it will have.  For one thing.
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:52:27
Digital assets are only as valuable while, and to the extent that, other people believe that they are valuable.   You may wake up one day and find that all your savings are gone.
If your car gets stolen, or your home gets invaded by squatters, you can usually get the government's help to get them back.  If your digital assets get stolen or lost, they are gone.
If the government discovers that you have digital assets, and it decides to seize them, it can take them from you by threatening you with jail for theft of public proeprty (since, in its view, the assets are not your property), contempt of court, whatever.  It can also keep watch on them and seize any amount that  you send to someone else.
@_date: 2015-03-06 03:35:43
The price now is 95% due to speculation, so I don think it has a direct effect.  Speculation is driven by the mood of traders, which may be affected by the expectation of increased use.  However, most traders still are in China, where use for e-payments is banned.  So, I don't thinkit will have much effect either way. 
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:17:57
You assume that the bitcoins will become worthless if miners try to change the halving schedule.  Why?  I believe instead that the holders and other economic players will not oppenly oppose the change, precisely because making a fuss about it would hurt the price and harm *them*.  
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:02:19
Beware that 
+ "OTC" is short for "over the counter", meaning trades made by private negotiations, directly or through brokers, rather than on the open exchanges;
+ Confusingly, "OTC Markets" is the name of a private  company, and "OTCQX"is an exchange run by that company: like NYSE or NASDAQ, but for less "conventional" financial instruments than mainstream stocks, let's say.
Shares issued by SecondMarket's BIT fund (not to be confused with SMBIT shares) are about to be traded (by brokers only) on the OTCQX exchange, run by OTC Markets; according to the SMBIT investment contracts, they cannot be traded OTC, i.e. sold or bought on the OTC market.  Capisce?
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:11:48
Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:52:25
In ordinary circumstances (like now) it is possible to do arbitrage without any net USD or CNY flow, or currency exchange.  All you need is a reasonable reserve of money on both sides.  USD/CNY flow is a problen only when the trades are skewed in one direction too much for too long (such as during the Nov/2013 rally) and the money reserve at the BTC-buying side runs out.
In that case it helps if you are running a large exchange, so that you can buy the coins from your own clients on credit.  You don't tell them that it is non-existent USD, of course; just stall their USD withdrawals until you can get the CNY out of China somehow.  (Hint, hint.)
Of course, you are out of luck if the PBoC notices the attempt to take 6 billion CNY out of China -- in exchange for some virtual tokens that were imported without licenses -- and blocks those CNY.  Or if the partners who ran the Chinese end of the operation simply pocket the CNY...
@_date: 2015-03-31 16:53:29
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:53:55
Oh, I see what you mean. I should have said "Stocks of companies that have no capital and no hope of making a profit, hence no hope of paying dividends or accumulating new capital"
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:17:23
Because investing in bitcoin is basically gambling at a lottery with unknown odds.  Lottery tickets are not a hedge against inflation; selling them as such is scamming, pure and simple.
@_date: 2015-03-05 19:18:40
I am curious, you would be whom over there, may I ask?  
@_date: 2015-03-02 01:21:17
Yeah, and there is a chance that there are only 10'000 users...
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:57:02
One reason why transfers take so much time is that the banks earn money every minute that they hold your money. 
Another reason is security: faster bank transfers would mean fewer independent checks, less human overseeing, less chances of reversing errors and heists.  See for example [**how Adam Draper lost 50'000 dollars**]( thanks to fast ACH bank transfer.
@_date: 2016-10-16 00:25:09


Yes.  Those happened in June 2015, and several other times in the following months.  I watched those attacks rather closely.  (They we easy, cheap, and terribly effective because of the small clearance between the normal traffic and the capacity of the network, imposed by the 1 MB limit.)
But you cannot fail to see that the natural demand (not spam attacks) hit the effective capacity six months ago, and it has stopped growing since then.   You cannot claim that adoption has continued to grow but mysteriously users have decided to create fewer transactions, just because.
Who is being disingenuous?
@_date: 2016-10-09 00:46:26
The WinkIndex is supposed to use a secret formula to combine the prices on several markets.  I have seen it sometimes turn out much higher or much lower than all the prices that supposedly go into it.  
It is not easy to invent an "average" that will do that.  They must have hired some self-nominated "math genius" for that.
In their latest filing for the COIN ETF, the Winkles have replaced the Winkindex by the average price on the Gemini exchange at 4:00 pm.   I suppose that is the reason why they instituted the 4:00 pm auction: to ensure enough volume at that time, so that the price is meaningful.  We will see...
@_date: 2017-05-28 12:01:38
So, you don't buy a smartphone to make calls, take pictures, store your contacts, get GPS coordinates, and access the internet.  You buy it as an "investment", knowing that the next model will be a lot more expensive.  
It explains why there are people paying $2000 for a tiny lump or nothing...
@_date: 2015-03-24 04:49:53


OK, but those exchanges must be living off their investment money (what else?).  We can't expect that to last forever; and, as long as most of the economy is in the old currencies, someone will have to convert dollars for BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:26:24
The local mobster or local Party Inspector will want you to vote in his presence, or with a device that captures your vote -- or else.
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:14:56


But such hardware already exists: a majority of the network may "break bad" and "attack" the rest.


That is a strawman. Cartels do not get created to destroy their markets, but to force users to pay more, by excluding competition and threatening with denial of service.  Just look at what the big international banks do: they do not use their cartel power to simply steal from client accounts.


It will matter only to a fraction of the users who invest in bitcon because it is decentralized.  Short- and medium-term speculators would not care.  People who buy bitcoin only for e-payments will not care.  Uses who do not understand the design philosophy of bitcoin will not care.  Investors who are used to trust banks and funds will not care...
@_date: 2015-03-25 06:56:38
Sure, but how ~~do you~~ does your Grandma send the commands to the device?
@_date: 2015-03-30 18:25:17
The only shares available are those of BIT investors who have held them for more than 12 months.  AFAIK they are in the process of receiving some access codes or digital certificates that they need in order to sell their shares. 
I suppose that it would be improper for Greyscale to issue more shares before those investors have a chance to sell them, correct?
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:49:27
So what are "penny stocks" then?
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:31:07
I never hid my vew of bitcoin since I started following it, in late 2013.  I have bad news for you: it is also the view of 99% of the people out there.  The only difference is that I still bother to discuss it.
@_date: 2017-05-01 11:01:08


LN payments are just settlement transactions that are held for later, each superseding the previous one.  They should include the fee that will be used to get that transaction confirmed (or the party that will need to settle first will have to pay that fee).


That was the premise: a payment channel (with the LN or not) can carry thousands of payments with only two on-chain transactions.  That is how the LN was supposed to solve the "scaling problem". (Actually, the "scale to Visa size by next year" problem.  As Satoshi had noted, Moore's Law already allows 60% traffic increase per year, with no increase in costs.).
However, there is yet no reason to believe that it would work.  If each channel only gets used for 10 payments before being closed, the LN would give only a 5x increase in capacity -- which is what Moore's law would give in 3.5 years. 
That is one reason why a numerical scenario is essential... 
@_date: 2015-03-02 01:06:57
It was (and is being) created without pegging to a material backing asset.
@_date: 2015-03-25 06:40:17
That requires trusting the host computer and/or the supporting website. The point of using hardware wallets was to remove the need for such trust...
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:30:51
For a technical experiment run in-house or among "friendly" nodes, yes.  But the goal of the experiment included the motivation mechanisms, and for that the experiment had to be open to as many volunteer nodes as possible, anywhere in the world.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:40:56
Some interesting/intriguing features:
+ The single line that spans most of 2009 is obviously the 50 BTC block reward.  One can see the break and shift to 25 BTC after the first halving on 2012-11-28.  That line becomes invisible as actual transactions dominate the traffic.
+ The strongest features are lines at  certain round BTC values, mainly 0.01 BTC and 1 BTC, but visible from 0.00002 to 100 BTC.  Probably there were also strong lines at 0.00001, 0.001, 0.1 and 10 BTC, but unfortunately those pixels have been erased by the grid lines that were drawn on top of the image.  (Consider writing the grid lines only in the blue channel, leaving the red channel for the data only).   
    I suppose that those lines are due to mixing services, that combine many random quantities provided by clients into such "fixed small denomination bills" and then split and recombine them thousands of times.
+ There are also many prominent lines that curve to the left, mostly between May 2013 and Jan 2016.  Each line must be a large amount of bitcoins, originally in a single UTXO, that get spent as many many smaller payments, spread over time, with the return change still going back to a single UTXO.  Many of those lines branch off from the round-value lines above.  
    Perhaps each line is some round amount that a user received from mixer into a separate address of his own, and then proceeded to spend from there.  
+ There is a single set of curved lines that evolve in parallel, between 0.001 and 1 BTC in value; mostly, but not always, curving tor the left. They became prominent starting around Jun 2015, but some can be traced unbroken as far back as Mar 2014; and are still going on.  Their values in USD seem to be round amounts like $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, etc,
    They may be frequent payments of round amounts of USD (or EUR? or CNY?), that are extracted/assembled into one UTXO of round USD value, and then immediately split into many smaller UTXOs, or fused into much larger lumps.  What could they be?   Mining pool dividend payments?  Bitcoin pyramid payments?
+ There is a weekly pattern of transactions with "random" values, mostly between 0.0001 and 0.001 BTC ($0.20 and $1.00 today), but faintly visible all the way up to 100 BTC ($200 k).   That pattern becomes visible in Dec 2014 and continues to this day.  Its intensity peaked in 2015, and it seems to have extended further to the right at that time.  
    My guess is that this ripple is due to payments for purchases of goods and services (the amounts above $1), and the return changes thereof (the smaller amounts).  The peak and shift in 2015 would be due to the bottom prices during most of that year (~250 USD) that would have motivated more holders to spend or sell their hoards, even the small ones -- not for need or convenience, but to cut their losses.  The decrease after 2015 is consistent with many signs that point to a decrease in use as currency since then.
+ There is a flurry of very small value transactions - 10^-6 to 10^-4 BTC, limited to the period between Mar 2013 and May 2013.  
    That may have been a service that used the blockchain for a non-monetary use (Factom style), that was discontinued after two months of trial.  Or may be tests by the Chinese exchanges OKCoin and Huobi, that would open to the public a couple of months later.   
As for rendering style, may I suggest that you draw vertical lines at all decades (spaced by 10x rather thatn 100x), and minor horizontal lines at month boundaries too?  All without obscuring the data pixels, of course.
@_date: 2015-03-28 13:35:16
    size_t nSize = GetSerializeSize(SER_DISK,0)+148u;
    return (nValue &lt; 3*minRelayTxFee.GetFee(nSize))
Are the comments up to date?  If the transaction requres a change-back output, or the fee formula has changed, the threshold would be different, correct?
Or perhaps Coinbase missed a zero when converting satoshis to BTC...
@_date: 2015-03-21 00:26:48
The auction sold property that belonged to the US citizens as a whole to a private individual.  The owners -- those citizens -- have the moral right to know how much they got in the deal.  If the law says otherwise, it should be fixed.
It is no different than a government contracting a private company to build a road or bridge.  The US citizens as a whole are footing the bill with their taxes; morally, they have the right to know how much they are paying.  I suppose that US laws recognize that right and require the price to be published. (That is the case down here.)
@_date: 2017-05-16 17:37:43
That makes sense.  We should all move all money from our bank accounts to BitFinex money accounts.  Then, when the banking system collapses, we can buy bitcoin, withdraw it, deposit it at Bitstamp, sell it for USD, and... er...
@_date: 2015-03-01 01:08:21


They have access to cybercriminals that can do things much more sophisticated than that.
For an example of how the blockchain can be too revealing, check this post:
(SLoK was the hated moderator/censor of the BFL forum.  His identity is not known but apparently he lives in the Netherlands.)
@_date: 2015-03-04 16:37:50
You are not fluent in English, it seems.  Can you tell us your school and your area of research?  
It looks like you are far more interested on increasing bitcoin adoption than on doing a balanced graduate thesis. You aren't just doing some sort of market research, are you?
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:20:18
OK for ASICMiner, but what about AMHash? The article says:


So, it seems possible that AMHash never had any hardware. Could it be?
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:10:58
Hm, do you perchance have a list of the instituional investors who put millions in Enron? Or Lehmann Bros? Or in Madoff's fund?
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:46:19
Dilma is hated, among other things, because she passed laws giving domestic workers the same rights that other workers have.  Now those pan-bangers have to give them minimal pay, vacations, social security, and other benefits.  You can imagine the rage.
Two tags are leading on Twitter in Brazil now.   by the opposition, is second.  mocking them, is first.
I don't think that bitcoin can be relevant to our politics or economy, sorry.
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:31:54
They even cite fiatleaks.com, a thoroughly misleading site...
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:19:17
Correct me if I am wrong, but when a block gets orphaned, an UTXO that was was spent by one of its trsansactions can be spent in the replacement block to a different output.  The transaction priorities are supposed to make this event unlikely, but not impossible.  It could happen even with 2 or more confirmations, but the probabilities get exponentially smaller. (Has there ever been a case of two or more successive blocks being orphaned?)
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:44:01
I depends where the criminals are, I suppose.  Criminals in the US, Western Europe, or any country that fully cooperates with them can be traced and caught with relative ease.  Criminals in Eastern Europe, Asia, or the Third World who are targeting Western victims may have a better chance of hiding.  This problem did not start with bitcoin, of course.
@_date: 2015-03-05 01:02:41
The article is a great help in clarifying the insurance situation, but someone should spel out clearly what exactly is the insuracne of each exchange and wallet site.
For example, Coinbase says that dollar deposits are insured up to 250'000 by FDIC, but on careful reading it seems that *Coinbase's bank account* is insured against failure *of the bank* -- not individual customer accounts, and not against mishaps or misdeeds at Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-03-27 14:52:15
"GBTC" is the FINRA-assigned symbol for shares of the Bitcoin Investment Fund (BIT), created in Sep/2013 by SecondMarket and (now) administered by Greyscale.   It is like "APPL" used by NYSE for Apple Computer shares, "WMT" for Walmart shares, etc.
Each BIT share represents 0.1 BTC stored by Greyscale (which presently holds ~138 kBTC).
BIT shares older than 12 months can now be traded independent through registered brokers, with prices quoted on [**their OTCQX page**](  
BIT share owners cannot redeem (get hold of) their bitcoins, excepy by selling the shares to someone else.
In theory, the price of each BIT share should be about 0.1 BTC, but the BIT share market will fix the actual price.  
If there is enough demand for BIT shares, causing the price of the shares to rise above 0.1 BTC, some high-level broker(s) may buy bitcoins somewhere, give them to Greyscale, and get the corresponding BIT shares to sell to other brokers and investors. 
Conversely, if there are too many people trying to sell BIT shares, so that their price is lower than 0.1 BTC, those top-level brokers may buy those cheap shares and redeem them -- give them to Grayscale and get back the more valuable BTC. However, at present it may be that redemption is disabled even for those high-level brokers.
There are already some bids recorded on the OTCQX page, up to 31.5 $/share (meaning 315 $/BTC), but there are no sellers yet because the BIT share holders must first receive the appropriate electronic certificates to interact with the brokers; that should happen in a few days. 
@_date: 2015-11-21 22:49:33


Brazil at one time had inflation of 40% **per month**.  I stand by what I wrote: only fools keep their savings as cash, in any currency.
And I used the price over *two successive* years.  Just to show that bitcoin is NOT a "safe store of value", by any stretch of the imagination.  It is a wild gamble -- and gambling is not investing.
@_date: 2015-10-09 13:31:52
There is 7 billion people in the planet, if only 1% of them send in a tutorial, that will be 70 million tutorials.
@_date: 2015-03-30 18:38:34
There has been discussion about that in bitcointalk.org. It is not clear; I believe that the "x 1" next to the "best bid" means the unit is 1 share.  (That line was "200 x 1" when there were two bids with size = 100 tied at the top.)
I  asked the OTCQX assistance desk but they did not understand the question, and they have not replied yet to my second attempt.
@_date: 2017-05-13 21:32:06


You did not even address that point.  .  
The exchange operators get their revenue by charging fees for the service of matching buy &amp; sell orders from day-traders or long-term investors.  Credit card companies get theirs by charging fees for their service  of easing payments.  In the future, when the block reward becomes insignificant, bitcoin miners will get their revenue from the service of confirming user transactions.
Those are examples of businesses that get their revenue by selling a service to users who find that service valuable enough to pay for it.  But, even if one assumes that day-trading provides a service that has positive value for mankind, as day-traders claim, the revenue and eventual profit of a day-trader does *not* come from selling of that service to the people who benefit from it.   
The revenue of a day-trader comes entirely from betting at the guess-the-next-price game.  Inasmuch as most of the trades are done by day-traders, their revenue mostly comes from the money invested by other day-traders.
@_date: 2016-10-16 03:42:43


Ask an economist.  The important thing is that it has managed to do that for a long time, and the dollar is still one of the best currencies in the world.


I give up.
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:09:21
That document has a truncated sentence.  Would it have any value in any jurisdiction?  A contract that states plainly that one of the parties is committing a crime?
Why should we believe that the document was ever seen by Dave Kleiman?  Craig of course needed an excuse to explain why he cannot move Satoshi's coins.   Claiming that they are held in a trust managed by a  deceased "partner" would be close to perfect.
@_date: 2015-03-28 14:29:02
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:58:42


And not an amateur one, like Karpelès or Brewster.  He is a pro, who has been playing for several years in the multimillion-dollar league.  His professional skills may be better than Madoff's, comparable to Abagnale's...
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:21:13
Ripley was a con man ... is that it? 8D
@_date: 2017-05-20 12:26:31


For a sufficiently bizarre definition of "rational", sure.


Because, for legal commerce, it cannot compete with centralized payment methods; and illegal commerce and other criminal activity will be curbed eventually -- by banning bitcoin, if the governments cannot find any other way.  (The Chinese government banned its use in commerce already in Dec;2013, and has blocked bitcoin withdrawals from the Chinese exchanges a couple of months ago.   Japan will now require strict identification of exchange customers. "And so it begins...")
Even if some illegal commerce survives, it will not be enough to sustain the current price levels, not the expectation of wildly increasing prices.  Without the latter, most of the current holders will lose interest and will look for greener pastures..
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:08:21
After GBIT starts trading in the over-the-counter market, yes.  But,still, the fund should buy and sell bitcoins only when the brokers (only one at first, it seems) will buy or sell shares from the fund's managing company.  In other words, the number of bitcoins held by the fund should always be 1/10 of the number of shares in the market.  
There must be some leeway in the contracts, allowing at least a few days of slack between the issuing or redemption of shares and the buying or selling of the corresponding bitcoins.  They could use that slack to get better prices; any profit (or loss) from that startegic trading would go into their pockets, not paid to investors.
They coudl also play the market with all their bitcoins, and pocket the profits; but that would be a breach of their contract with user, AFAIK. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 01:06:07


Being *able to* trade may be better than being *unable to* trade, maybe.  We might discuss that some other time.  Or preferably not.  
But I still don't see what is the relevance of that statement to what we were discussing: Is **engaging** in **day-trading** good for the day-traders?  
Obviously not all trading is good for the traders.  Buying lottery tickets is definitely not good for the people who do it, because on the whole they are guaranteed to lose as much as half of the money that they spend, or more.  (Even though **some** of them may get very rich, others will necessarily lose even more than the average loss, in order to pay for their profits.)
So, is day-trading better for the day-traders than buying lottery tickets?  (I will grant that the expected loss is much less than 50%, but I claim that it is still a net loss.)
@_date: 2015-03-06 02:36:11
I wouldn't say "entirely"... but, if there was no speculative holding, the current level of usage for payments would probably not support a price of 10 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-08 14:47:57
I don't see '10 minutes' there.
@_date: 2015-03-05 00:53:33
It is the other way around, but the same thing: they are required to sell any seized property that has market value and is not illegal to sell.  There is no law banning the commerce of BTC, so they have to sell it.
@_date: 2015-03-07 20:53:46
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:25:05
I don't know in the US, but you could have a new social security number issued, and the previous one flagged as stolen in the database.  
@_date: 2015-03-02 11:58:35


Yes, it buys coins when people buy their shares, sells bitcoins when people redeem their shares (sell them back to the fund).  The value of a share is always 0.1 of the market price of 1 BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-14 12:59:31
Several non-sequiturs there:


The cost of producing an item is only an upper bound to its value, but the value may be much less than the cost.  Look at any junkyard for examples.


Significantly, all that venture capital has been invested in enterprises that make money from fees, no matter what happens to the price.  Practically none has been invested in bitcoins. Charles Lee of Coinbase was specifically asked how much of the 75 M USD that they got would go into buying BTC, and he said that they could not use it for that purpose.
Right now, the value of bitcoin is almost entirely speculative: people buy it at a price X because they expect to sell or spend it for a price Y higher than X, minutes or decades later.  Since that expected future price Y will be speculative too, the price is "lifting itself by its own bootstraps"; that is the root cause of its huge volatility.
To compute the intrinsic value, we should imagine that there is no speculative holding, i.e. people who buy or earn bitcoin spend all of it as soon as practicable, and use other instruments for investment.  Then the USD price of 1 bitcoin should be P = V x T / N, where V is total volume of payments using bitcoin, in USD per day; T is the average number of days between receiving a bitcoin an spending it again; and N is the number of bitcoins in circulation (13.6 million BTC now).  Guessing V = 10 million USD/day (10 times what BiPay processes now) and T = 30 days gives P = 22 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:14:31
Wasn't there a publicly owned mining company in Australia?  I saw some quarterly reports published by them.  Were they published just for the sake of opennes?
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:30:02
Except that neither is true.  
The technlogy has no owner: anyone can use it to launch other cryptocoins (as it has happened many times already).   
A bitcoin is not a share of anything.  In particular, it is not a share of the bitcoin network -- i.e., the miners.  The miners can stop mining, or switch to mine other coins, and the bitcoin owners cannot do anything about it.  The miners own their equipment and the coins that they mine.  If they go out of business and sell their assets, the bitcoin owners will not get a penny of the money.
@_date: 2015-02-17 21:55:18
Aren't you referring to an electromagnetic *wave* through a dielectric medium?  If so, it is not relevant to the propagation of a binary signal over a wire.
@_date: 2015-02-14 21:57:03
I see that the telcos are succeeding in turning people's head upside down with their blatant disinformation campaign.  
All those things that you wrote is precisely what the telcos want to do, and will be able to do if the net is not neutral.  
Net neutrality is about what the **telcos** can and cannot do.  It does not gove the government any extra apower to regulate, tax, or censor the internet (which it can do anyway, with or witjhout neutrality).  On the contrary, by allowing arbitrary data packets it makes censorship and control by governments (and by telcos) more difficult.  Net neutrality prohibits **telcos** from blocking, censoring, charging extra fees depending on service, etc..
Net neutrality has nothing to do with the government fixing prices.  It means **pricing must be independent of which data you send and which service you access**  Telcos can still compete, like today, to provide better prices and/or more Mb/s. 
Net neutrality is **necessary** for users to send encrypted packets and new protocols.  Without net neutrality, the telcos will immediately block encrypted packets, because the whole point of ending net neutrality is that they want to know what services you are accessing, and of course they cannot do that if the packets are encrypted or you are using some new protocol.
Don't bee fooled...
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:14:25


IEEE double gives a little more than 15 decimal digits of precision (~51 bits).  I bet that Satoshi thought about that constraint, almost instinctively; it would be a natural concern for an experienced programmer who knows the details floating point format.  Some really good programmers even use floating point for integer computations, because FPU multipliers are often much faster than integer multipliers, by demand of number-crunchers.  
Unfortunately, programmers who dig networks and basic software usually dont't know about floating point, and don't want to know. Bitcoiners apparently never thought of the issue of BTC accounting in  Excel (and gawk, and matlab, ...)
Altcoins that have higher limits, but still 8 decimals after point, were probably designed by programmers who only thought in int64 terms.  


You mean 2.1 billion.  Yes, the safe limit is 2^51 -1 = 2'251'799'813'685'247 atomic units.  
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:17:56
Looking at the price charts, it seems that "NY issues a BitLicense" will be worth +6 USD/BTC.  Compare that to 
+  +60 USD/BTC for "Coinbase will start trading in Litecoin and Dogecoin"; 
+  +80 USD/BTC for "3 billion euro hedge fund will trade on OKCoin's platform"
+ +5 USD/BTC for "Microsoft now accepts bitcoin"
@_date: 2015-03-30 01:00:14
Probably some new way of taking money from bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:51:21
Thread topic was just posted before.
@_date: 2015-03-06 02:41:31
The number of businesses that accept bitcoin may be growing, but the number of bitcoiners that are willing to part with their coins may not be; and bitcoins does not seem to have a clear advantage for people who do not own bitcoins already.
I strongly suspect that a stagnant or decreasing stream of bitcoin payments is being spread among an increasing number of merchants, so the bitcoin purchases per merchant are actually decreasing.  There are a few hints (e.g. from Wordpress) that confirm this suspicion.
@_date: 2015-03-24 14:43:02
If you really love WP (which, incidentally, did a zillion more good to mankind than bitcoin) you do not say "accept bitcoin or I will not donate".
@_date: 2015-03-27 04:29:14
I understand that other brokers can buy BIT shares from the APs, or from early BIT investors, but only the APs can get them from Greyscale in exchange of bitcoins.  Isn't that so?
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:06:05
As of last September there were only 650'000 addresses in the blockchain with 0.1 BTC or more in them.  It seems reasonable to assume that a bitcoin user should own at least one such address. (While there are many exceptions, there are also many users who own two or more such addresses.)  So it is very unlikely that there are a million users.
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:13:53
I don't think there are many bitcoiners that would follow you.  People do not stop using dollars when the government prints another gazillion of them.  People do not stop using cards or banks when they raise their fees.
@_date: 2017-07-21 22:01:05


When I started looking into it, in 2013, the discourse was "bitcoin will be very valuable in the future **because** it has limited issuance **and** it will be widely used as currency".  The high price per bitcoin then would follow by simple algebra (the "money velocity equation").
Now it seems that, given the lack of adoption for payments, people have simplified the discourse by omitting the last part.  Many continue to believe the conclusion, by inertia; but what is left of the argument does not make sense any more.  There are plenty of things that are even more scarce than bitcoin, but have zero or even negative value.  How much would you pay for a losing ticket of the 2012 National Lottery of Uzbekistan? 


The Brazilian real is far from being the best currency in the world, but works well wnough for the purpose that it was created.  ([Here]( is a longer view.)  Bitcoin, on the other hand, is absolutely useless as a currency.  Imagine managing your home budget -- salary, rent, groceries, etc -- with a currency that can lose or gain 30% of its value in a few hours.
I suppose that you are thinking of how it compares as an investment -- keeping your money in bitcoin versus keeping it in BRL cash under the mattress.  But currencies are not meant for "investing"; only fools or criminals keep their wealth as cash.  
And even for that purpose bitcoin sucks.  If you bought in late 2013 and needed to sell in 2015 (because normal people save money to spend later, you know), you woudl have lost almost 80% of your wealth.  How can anyone call that a "store of value"?
@_date: 2015-03-02 02:09:58
"In monetary economics, fiat money is an intrinsically useless object or record, that is widely accepted as a means of payment.[3]"  -- Wikipedia
@_date: 2015-03-19 12:55:38


For the same reason that banks do it.
If BitPesa charged a flat fee, say 1$/tx, then someone would set up a BitCheapo company that charges 0.20$/tx, bundles a dozen such transactions into one bulk transaction, sends that bulk transaction through BitPesa, and splits it at the other end, for a 1.4$ profit.
Why should BitPesa let BitCheapo earn revenue that they could earn themselves?  Hence the percentage fees.
@_date: 2015-03-02 02:18:10
"Stability" in that context means "small and slow changes in purchasing power that do not prevent the use of the currency in planning, contracts, salaries, etc.".   Like has been the case with the dollar and euro. 
As opposed to wild up and down swings by 5% or more, that can send firms to bankruptcy; and as opposed to the slower but unexpected losses of 20% per year or more, that happened recently to the currencies of Ukraine, Venezuela, Argentina-- and bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-20 23:20:10
You MAY be slightly safer from that risk because you are not the same kind of business as his.  But one never knows...
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:09:55


Well, the telcos and ISPs tried that. They used to sell (say) '10 Mb/s' connections to 10 customers, all actually sharing a single 20 Mb/s connection.  That worked while customers were only using email and WWW.  When they started to download videos, the ruse became obvious: each customer would not get more than 2-3 Mb/s, not even while reading email.
Rather than increase the capacity of the links, or revise their spect to say '2Mb/s', the first reaction of the ISPs and telcos was to ban or restrict videos, by saying e.g. 'you will get 1 MB/s for video, 10 Mb/s for everything else'.  But that would have meant treating video packets differently from email packets.  And that would have meant slowing down or blocking also packets of unknown services, or fully encrypted packets.  
That is one of the reasons why the telcos and ISPs were so keen to drop net neutrality -- which means that all packets must be treated the same way while they are in the network, and charged by the packet and/or by byte, independently of the contents.
The bitcoin protocol is still fairly neutral in that regard.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:01:51
And it could have got you into trouble.  Schools (and companies) are extremely unfriendly to the idea of students (or workers) using their equipment for private gain, eve if the equipment would be "idle" otherwise.  In particular, a university prof was fired and sued for using a research supercomputer to mine bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:17:05
As long as the owner can still take something out of somewhere, so can a sufficiently clever thief...
@_date: 2015-02-24 12:57:58


Well, I do not believe that. If a 51% majority of he miners wanted to change the protocol, they could freeze the bitcoins of any user who did not upgrade to the modified software, and prevent any non-compliant miner from receiving any rewards.  Knowing that, most users and miners would then comply in advance of the deadline.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:55:00
In some other thread, people told that to Charlie Lee of Coinbase. he explained that they cannot use their VC capital to buy bitcoins.  It is not hard to see why. I bet most other companies are in the same situation.
@_date: 2015-02-15 01:51:06
If someone offered to sell you 1 satoshi (1/100'000'000 of a bitcoin) for 10000 dollars, would you buy it?
@_date: 2015-02-15 03:24:54
Don't get too ambitious.
@_date: 2015-02-14 13:41:44


Because Satoshi said so in the whitepaper. No "destroy the banks and end political corruption" there.
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:27:27
The protocol throws 3600 bitcoins to the miners every day, no matter what.  Investors exchange those coins for real money, currenly a little less than 1 million dollars per day.  Eventually, through free competition, the hashing power of the network adjusts to the maximum power that can be had with that money, minus some profit margin. 
Like military spending, that power does not produce anything; it is consumed only because "the other guys" are consuming lots of power too, and "we" must keep up with them to ensure our share of the money that new investors pour into the system.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:30:35
What do you mean?  Most people, especially new investors, do not seem to be aware of that money flow.  The new investor is being encouraged to think only of "perhaps even a trillion $/BTC" and fabulous gains; he does not seem to be aware that he is putting his money into a leaking bucket.
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:26:12
Bitcoin is already doing a good job at damaging itself...
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:17:18
No, you need only O(1) memory too.  No kidding.
@_date: 2015-03-06 00:44:03


That is what I thought I had said.  That is why no sane person keeps his money as currency (paper or plain bank account) for more than a month or two.  This risk is just greater for bitcon than for almost every currency.


It is by no means clear that increased use would stabilize the value.  If the price starts to go up again near 1000 USD, many investors will start buying again, anticipating a rally, which will self-create one.  The percentage of coins locked up by speculators with increase, leaving a smaller pool of coins to serve the increased volume of e-payments, which will raise the price even more.  If the price goes to 10'000 USD/BTC, mining will require and consume 36 million USD of fresh money from new investors, each day, that will never come back to them.  There would be a runaway bubble that will have to crash at some point.  Anyway, with a higher percentage of speculative holding, the volatility can only be higher.
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:19:00
One problem is that people keep asking this question on this subreddit without bothering to check whether it was asked and answered a couple of days ago. ;-)
@_date: 2015-03-09 10:29:31
I am actually paid by the government of the State of São Paulo, which is in the hands of the main opposition party (and has been so for the last  20+ years).
@_date: 2015-03-02 01:17:04
Both things can happen, but so far the average investor in SMBIT has lost money.  
@_date: 2015-03-03 03:40:25
Yes to the last question? If so, were the two blocks on the same dead branch, or two dead branches in succession?
@_date: 2015-03-27 04:43:43
Nothing against bitcoin per se (it is a great experiment, I just I don't see it catching on as payment system).
What irks me are the attempts to push it as a good investment, to people who do not understand it (and very few do), with the promise of fabulous gains.  Those attempts are almost always selfish and dishonest, like the sleazy brokers who try to push penny stocks on naive investors.  Bitcoin is actually a lottery with unkown prizes and odds; and one who tries to sell lottery tickets as a good investment is basically a scammer. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:47:32
Beware that the bitcointalk heist list only considers incidents where the lost BTC amount is above some substantial threshold.  It does not include "retail" thefts, like hackers stealing small amounts from many people separately.
There may also be many large thefts that are not reported to the public, e.g. out o shame, or because the coins had illegal sources.
@_date: 2015-03-03 05:00:52
Oh.  Thanks, sorry...
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:23:15
The point is, when the *government* keeps track of the property (as it does with cars and land), you can  use its powers to take the thing back from the thief and return it to your possession.  That is in fact why land registrars were created in the first place.  (And that is the difference between "property" and mere "possession")
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:07:54
That is legally true of any property of a democratic government, in particular of any property seized according to the law.
Perhaps you mean that the bitcoins were not really the government's property according to moral or other non-legal "rights".  But that is not relevant to the question of whether the USMS should comply with the FOIA.  If there is a law that allows them to withhold the information, that law could perhaps be challenged as inconstitutional on the above grounds.  If there is no such law, then they legally should comply, for the same reason.  So says this graduate of the Internet and Armchair Law School.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:05:38
I wish we had similar statistics for the wallets. Coinbase could tell us how many *people* are users (can one person have more than one Coinbase account?) and how many users have more than 30$ worth of bitcoin in their account(s).   But I bet that we will never see that statistic.  (Just as we will probably never see meaningful statistics for BitPay use.)
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:15:59


Maybe if you said "prediction" they would not be so puzzled. 8D
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:20:41
Miners can set up many full nodes on their own, can't they? (How many nodes are there now?)
@_date: 2015-03-06 02:00:40


If the change will have concrete effect only 20 years from now, no one will care except the purists.
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:33:00
"Success" for me means bitcoin being widely used for legal payments, because users find it advantageous rather than to promote it for ideological causes.  
Thus the question must be reversed: how long should we wait for you to admit that bitcoin has **not** succeeded?
The bitcoin "investment" bubble, in fact, has survived for 8 years because (unlike previous classical bubbles) the promise of bitcoin peddlers is not falsifiable: they promise said widespread adoption for some **unspecified** future.  Thus, they can claim that it **will** become very valuable because of its demand for that use -- with no risk of ever being proved wrong.
But, will they be able to sustain that promise with the main network firmly clamped at 1 MB/block, and a Layer 2 that is still not even designed yet?
@_date: 2015-03-07 07:59:08
Peaceful coexistence is unlikely because of greed.  Many bitcoin holders gathered their BTC hoards in 2009-2012 at very low prices.  They see altcoins as stealing value from bitcoin, and therefore from the value of their holdings.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:34:24
Holders do not contribute to the demand nor to the money flow.  People who buy to spend immediately do not contribute, either.  VC investors do not put money into bitcoin, they put it into enterprises which are expected to generate revenue from fees or mining.  Only people who are buying today to increase their holdings contribute.  There is no other money going into the system.
@_date: 2015-03-27 00:29:15


That was the case before October, but things may have changed considerably.  My reading of their 2014-09-30 report (available in the OTCQX site, "Filings") is that Greyscale, the manager ("Sponsor") of the fund keeps the bitcoins, sells new shares for bitcoin ony, and buys back shares paying in bitcoin only.  Then thre are "Authorized Participants", sort of high-level brokers, between Greyscale and the public.  It is these Authorized Participants who take money from investors, buy bitcoins somewhere, buy shares from Greyscale with those bitcoins, and give the shares to the investors.  SecondMarket is one of them, but not the only one now.  Apparently these middlemen have latitude enough to play the market -- get dollars from investors today, buy the bitcoins days later when they are cheaper, or vice versa and versa vice.
@_date: 2015-03-03 17:14:47
The ticker symol "XBT" is a very bad choice, because it is the ISO-style commonly used currency code for bitcoin itself.  People will be extremely confused when they see "XBT price" listed as 10 CAD or whatever.  QuadrigaCX should use some distinctive code, like "QBTC" or something.   (See Secondmarket's "GBTC" for their BIT fund.)
However, the reporter misspeled "CAVIRTEX", so perhaps he/she just got the ticker wrong too.
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:34:56
GBTC is not bitcoins, but shares of the Bitcoin Investment Fund (BIT) created by SecondMarket in Sep/2013.  Each share is supposed to be matched by 0.1 BTC in BIT's holding, and has a face value of 0.1 times the current market price of 1 BTC.  When BIT issues new shares, they buy more bitcoins. If and when they would buy back (redeem) those shares, they would sell the correspnding bitcoins.  However, the BIT shares are about to be traded by brokers and listed on the OTCQX index, so, their market value may differ from their nominal value.
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:17:45
That article and others claim that the murder-for-hire charges against Ulbricht "have been dropped from the NY trial".  However I recall that the were the point of a separte trial in Maryland, to be held later this year.  Is this correct, or was this second trial called off?
@_date: 2015-03-28 02:28:40
A log-log chart is useful if you are looking for a power law like Y = C*X^k for some constansts C and k.  If the (X,Y) data follows that law, it should lie along a straight line with slope k, that crosses the vertical line X=1 at Y = C.
If instead you are looking for an exponental law of the form Y = C*B^X, then you should use a plot where only Y is in log scale.  Then the data should cluster along a straight line whose slope is log(B) and that crosses the Y axis (where X = 0) at Y = C.
@_date: 2015-03-29 07:06:11
Not even that.  The internet became popular (both in the early 1980s within the universities, and in the early 1990s among the general public) because it was terribly useful, and everybody could see that.
@_date: 2015-03-27 04:25:16
I may be confused... the document that only lists SecondMarket is dated 2014-09-30.  Aren't the four "level 2" companies with bids listed now on OTCQX (MERI, CDEL, NITE, CSTI) also APs? 
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:31:16
Last time I looked 
(a) for BTC, only their hot wallet was insured, and they promised to keep less than 10% of their holdings there. 
(b) for USD, *Coinbase's* bank account is insured by FDIC up to 250'000 USD against failure *of the Bank*.  Some people have claimed that the FDIC insurance will "pass through" Coinbase to insure the USD account of each Coinbase client, up to 250'000 USD per client; but I have not seen that written anywhere in Coinbase's site (and surely they would have said that if it were true).
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:07:20


When they launched they had entry, exit, and maintenance fees. I believe that they dropped one or two of these since then.


I understand that disclaimer as merely stating the obvious: the fees will take a slice of the profit (or add to the loss) that you might have if you just held the bitcoins themselves.


Apart from allowing semi-senile pensioners to put their savings into bitcoin, I don't see what advantage this fund has over buying bitcoins and keeping them in a Coinbase or similar account.  In both cases, you must trust the honesty and security of a company, and Coinbase may be more aware of bitcoin-specific security risks than SecondMarket.  On the other hand, the fund has several disadvantages:  if you put your money in GBIT, you cannot take it out (redeem) or sell your GBIT shares for 12 months.  If you want to pay something with bitcoins, you cannot use the ones in GBIT, have to buy extra on an exchange.  You cannot buy and sell your GBIT shars quickly in reaction to news and sudden price changes. ... 
@_date: 2015-03-22 00:29:36
Most of those companies "accept bitcoin" through BitPay, CoinBase, or a similar payment processor.  They usually say so in the public announcement (which is usually arranged by the processor). 
Do you know how BitPay and Coinbase work? When you click to "pay with bitcoin" at one of those merchants, you get directed to the processor's site.  The processor takes the price in dollars from the merchant, figures out the price in BTC, and receives your BTC.  The processor then sends the **dollars** to the merchant's bank account.
Some merchants may opt to receive the actual BTC from the payment processor, instead of dollars; but they are very few.  A merchant that accepts only BTC does not need to have a BitPay or Coinbase account at all.   Overstock is the most notable merchant that actually accepts bitcoins through BitPay; but even it only takes a fraction of the price in BTC, the rest in dollars.  Dell, Microsoft, and most merchants, bit and small, choose to receive only dollars, and never get to hold the BTC. 
I could make a purchase from Dell USA with my VISA card; I would get later a bill with the amount in BRL, and I woudl settle by paying BRL.  However, it would be wrong to say that Dell USA "accepts BRL": they accept only dollars, and the conversion from BRL to dollars is made by VISA before the payment reaches Dell.
@_date: 2015-10-15 03:09:16
You ask me?
@_date: 2015-03-25 07:08:53
What exchange is that?  Can't find one that was offline for that span.  Perhaps part of the datafile was deleted by accident?
@_date: 2015-03-25 06:33:11
Billion-dollar liquidity is what **billion-dollar companies** may want in order to **day trade** in a market.  Day trading is not investing.  In fact, day trading does not require the price to go up (as we see now at every exchange).
But leave those companies aside for a moment, think of the guy who is worth some 10 M$ and has a couple **million** dollars ready to invest.  One million dollars is 4000 BTC, which is what the miners create in 30 hours or so. With 2 M$, one of those "small" investors could buy 8000 BTC on Bitfinex now for 245$ each, in a single buy, moving the price up by 1$ only.  That is plenty of liquidity for that kind of investor, isn't it?
That small investment would give him nearly 20 M$ profit by the time the price gets to 2500$, tripling his fortune.  Why should he let that opportunity pass?
But then, **why is no one buying those coins?** 
@_date: 2015-03-02 15:59:39
Risto Pietilä analyzed the MtGOX database and concluded that there were only 70'000 active accounts (and his threshold for "active" was 0.01 BTC, IIRC, or even smaller).  There is a thread on bitcointalk.org about it.
@_date: 2015-03-24 01:31:03
According to that page, for New York to Kenya, Western Union charges 5 USD flat for 50 or 1000 USD, but uses the exchange rate 1 USD = 88.6628 KES whereas other sites give the rate as 1 USD = 91.9000 KES.  So they actually charge 5$ + 3.52%.  If you pay with credit card, the KES can be picked up in cash at their shop or deposited on the receiver's mobile wallet, in minutes.
The BitPesa page does not allow me to see the cost of that transfer without registering, and I would rather not to.  Perhaps someone who has an account can do the same test -- send 50 or 1000 USD from NY (in bitcoin) to Kenya (in KES; as cash or into mobile wallet).  Please check the actual amount delivered in KES, so that we can compare their exchange rate with the BTC price on Bitstamp.
@_date: 2015-03-06 02:09:44
That is what the users and holders like to think; but the protocol gives control of the system to the majority of the miners, not to them.
@_date: 2015-02-01 12:24:15
An entity that intends to keep the value of currency A fixed relative to currency B will need reserves of both currencies, from some source, that it can burn to achieve that goal.   Such an attempt will attract arbitragers who will exploit any natural tendencies of the market to siphon out those resources to their pockets.  The attempt will inevitably fail as soon as those reserves are exhausted.   That is the experience of every government that has tried to maintain a fixed exchange rate of their currency against the dollar or other foreign currency.
Please correct me if I am wrong, but BitUSD apparently plans to use investors in futures options as the source of the reserves that would peg Bitcoin to USD.  In that case, arbitragers would get rich at the expense of those investors, and once that investment dries out the coin would collapse all the same.
@_date: 2015-02-20 04:12:35
That would be worth something, yes.  But with 180'000 BTC in that set, supply of "authentic SR bitcoins:  will surely exceed demand, so the premium should be practically zero.
Also, bitcoins are immaterial, so it is dicey to tell when they are the "same" coins. Even without mixing, it takes some imagination to believe that a transaction "moves" coins from input to output.  One could equally say that it destroys some coins that are in the input address and creates an equal amount in the output address.  So, in that sense bitcoins are more like dollars in bank accounts, than dollar bills in someone's pocket.
If it helps, think of this: when you send some electrons down through a wire, what comes out at the other end is not the same electrons, but other elecrtons that were pushed out of the wire by the "pressure" (potential) thus created.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:08:54
Most probably, neither the bitcoins nor the mining equipment ever existed.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:19:26
I am not aware of a single case where credit card security has been broken.  In all fraud cases that I know, the amount was correctly debited from the credit card account whose number and other security details were provided by the buyer.  
Sure, these data can be stolen (like bitcoin keys), but that does not mean that there is something wrong with the credit card protocol.
@_date: 2017-05-01 02:09:28


With congested operation and the "fee market", the min fee for confirmation in any given time is unpredictable -- and it is almost certain to remain forever. 
As noted before, most users are in the habit of closing their channels after a few days of inactivity, the LN will actually increase the on-chain traffic, and the average cost of an LN transaction may be higher than that of a simple on-chain one.


You mean with anyone-can-pay?  Still, Bob now has to pay for the extra fee that Alice was supposed to pay.
@_date: 2015-03-07 03:53:06
The money changers at the Temple were not doing their service withot profit, only for the love of their brethren.
However, Jesus's rage in that episode was obviously not directed at specific trades, but just at seeing the temple turned into a shopping mall, and religious services being exploited for profit.  An attitude that many other religious reformers have taken, e.g. Luther against the sale of indulgences and religious merchandise by the Church.
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:07:51
The particulars are not known, but it is pretty much accepted that, by Jan/2014, most of the 880'000 bitcoins that MtGOX clients believed to own, and believed that were stored in MtGOX's wallets, were not there -- had been embezzled, stolen, or simply never existed.  
@_date: 2017-05-07 15:56:02
I hope that one day you can learn to read more than half a sentence.
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:14:12


That is what I am asking: try to describe what the LN is supposed to be like when it has a million users, so that I (and the rest of the world) can check whether it will work.
I point out that no one knows how to do routing yet.  The LN guys say "it will have a few central hubs and everybody will connect to them."   
I ask where the central hub will get funds for the outgoing channels.  They say "it will be a decentralized network so the users themselves will provide the needed funding."  
I point out that, in a decentralized network, each user will need to have half a dozen channels, to ensure that the network is connected; but it will not be acceptable to have one's coins split into several long-lived channels.  "It will be centralized so each user only needs one channel, to the central hub." 
And so on.  The fact is that, in spite of being asked to do so for over a year, the LN proponents have been unable to describe **one** million-user scenario that is minimally viable and consistent. 
If they were serious about it, they should have tried to come up with such a scenario, and run realistic simulations on it, *before* starting to write any code.
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:32:33
If you play 1'000'000 times, you should get about 250'000 winning streaks and 250'000 losing streaks.  Of the latter, there will be about 125'000 with one isolated loss between two wins; 62'500 with two consecutive losses; 31'250 with three; 15'625 with four; 7'813 with five; 3'906 with six; and so on.
With 1'000'000 throws, there is a good chance that you will have at least one run of 18 consecutive losses.  On the other hand, it is very unlikely that you will see a streak of 30 consecutive losses.
@_date: 2015-03-09 03:57:36
The block reward is too high given the current price and the current transaction volume.  It makes the fees irrelevant, so there is practically no incentive for miners to include as many transaction as they could, maybe some incentive to do the opposite.  There are also lots of transactions that are not payments.
However there does not seem to be any fix for this problem.  Since it is the block rewards that put money in circulation, the cost of creating each bitcoin will be necessarily equal to its market value.  That value it transfered from the new adopters to the miners, and does not ever come back.   (It is as if the government outsourced the printing of dollar bills to a private company that charged 100 US$ to print a 100 US$ bill; that is, that kept the banknotes for itself...) 
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:27:21
The block time was set to 10 minutes in order to give ample time for new nodes broadcasts to propagate to all nodes and miners before the next block.
That rate was OK for a technical experiment to be run by a few computer researchers and enthusiasts, possibly on slow internet connections.  If it had been intended to become  a product, used by millions of internet shoppers as an alternative to credit cards, that and many other details would have been different.
@_date: 2015-02-27 21:12:42
It is still only 1/25 of the demand for COBOL programmers; but it is growing, while the latter is on a slow downtrend, alas.
@_date: 2015-02-28 17:34:24
Governments and central banks in capitalist economies try to keep their currencies stable by releasing or witholding their money as loans (through bank deposits or circulating cash). That means thottling supply to match the demand by the rest of the economy, so the value of the currency is still determined by supply vs demand.
But that requires a large stock of the currency (or the ability to print and collect cash), and the willingness to spend it at a loss, for the sake of stabilizing the currency.  That money often ends up in the pockets of FOREX traders.  Sometimes, if the goal is too ambitious or the reserves too thin, the authorities fail after spending all their money. 
Unfortunately there is no entity able and willing to play that role for bitcoin.  There are many "whales" that own enough bitcoins and/or dollars to "move the market"; but they are not willing to use that to stabilize the price -- which would mean buying when the price is trying to go down, and selling when it is trying to go up.  They are generally trying to do the opposite.
@_date: 2015-02-26 02:30:54
This is old stale news. Swarm's voting system was deployed and was a humongous failure. The results were nullified and the runoff election is about to be restarted, using the Helios system.
@_date: 2015-02-16 10:59:11
Fukushima, Chernobyl, Katrina, Sandy, 9/11 were all much worse than those three hacks, much worse even than MtGOX and that bank heist.  So?
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:20:24
There is a difference between investing 100'000 dollars in a French bakery, and investing 100'000 dollars in French bread.  
@_date: 2016-10-02 02:28:37


It cannoy do that on its own.  You must choose how much BTC you want to lock in the payment channe, andl for how long. Then  you must sign a transaction using your private key.  Then you must wait until that transaction is confirmed before you can use the payment channel.  
Anyway, that would create a payment channel between you and the machine, not a lightning network.  Just to be clear, **there is no working design for the LN yet, and there is no reason to belive that there will ever be.**
@_date: 2016-10-16 05:54:38


No, no, of course not.  Where did I get that silly idea, I wonder?
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:21:27
Depending on how one defines success, I have already been proved right.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:23:19




More like emotional compensation.  I am human too...
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:29:00
The CIA requested it, the NSA developed it, the FBI loved it, the FED laughed at it, the IRS figured out how to tax it, and the SEC said "OK, as long as Americans are not allowed to buy it".
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:19:49
"Guaranteed profit" = "scam".  
If there are exceptions, they are so few that they can be ignored.
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:41:38
Colliding addresses were observed in the BlockChain.Info  "broken RNG" incident a few months ago. 
The chances are astronomically small if the protocol is correctly used. But, as with many systems (such as nuclear power), there is a non-negligible chance that the system gets misused, or the implementation has bugs; which means there is a non-negligible chance that it will fail in practice, no matter how secure it is in theory.
@_date: 2017-07-21 23:20:27
RemindMe! "LN Wallets ready by september"
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:23:18
Speculation is holding bitcoins in the hope of selling or spending them for more than they were bought, minutes or decades later.  Because of their inflation, here is relatively little speculative holding of ordinary currencies; most people spend them, or invest them in other profitable assets, as soon as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:08:48
TA is based on the premise that past prices can be used to predict future prices, or at least trends.  That may be true for stocks where prices depend on fundamentals (like consumer demand for products) that change slowly with time.  It does not seem to hold for bitcoin; regression analysis gives the log-brownian model -- "tomorrow's price is today's price plus or minus a random percentage".
TA also works only with the shape of the price chart itself, does not try to split it into the sum of various parts.   And it gives importance to high and low daily prices, whereas the above analysis works with average prices.  And so on.
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:24:07
[**The OTCQX page**]( still shows zero volume.
However, there is a new level-2 entity (ATDF) and some of the others have changed their bids.  One moved to top place by offering 1 cent more for share (35.51).  A bid for 645 shares was reduced to 143 @ 25.00 $/share.
I would guess that those bids were entered just for testing or priming the quote page, or to "plant the flag".
@_date: 2015-03-01 10:19:59
Sorry, you just can't get democracy with internet or mobile voting.  People will not vote freely if their boss, mobster, party officer etc can watch while they vote.
@_date: 2015-03-06 19:00:44


Yes, but if they have (say) 65% of the total haspower, they can manage to have 65% of the hashpower in each those two chains, even as the other miners switch.
@_date: 2015-03-27 07:08:08
Well, the OP asked why there is so much hate against bitcoin, and I answered my part.  If you did not want to read answers that you didn't like, you should not have read this thread.  But now you know why: 99.999% of mankind, including many very good computer scientists and economists, looks at it, and sees something completely different than what you say it is.
@_date: 2015-03-03 05:09:26
Actually, neither proves much. That coins in that address could belong to someone else, and they could have asked him to do the move (or sign the message), perhaps for a payment.
The "auditor" presumably specified the transaction details on the spot and waited for it to be issued.  However, the exchange could not have signed the  transaction on the auditor's laptop, or even with him watching.  For safety they must have signed it on their own computer in a safe room.  But then they could have sent the details to the accomplice, who would sign the transaction and send it back.
@_date: 2015-03-25 21:32:16
Note, I don't know whether Pierce has any connection to Noble or not.  It is just a wild guess, from the fact that he and John Betts were in Sunlot and that Noble says "digital currencies" rather than "Bitcoin" or "cryptocurrencies". 
@_date: 2015-10-04 16:11:48
You should charge a round amount of BTC, like 0.069 or 0.075, even if it is not exactly equal to the USD price.  A price with eight decimal digits will turn customers away...
@_date: 2015-03-03 12:39:13
That can only mean "for the first 30 days *after the shares start trading*, so it does not imply that trading will start in 30 days.  
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:34:10
Good question.  
You must have saved emails or screenshots where that address appears.   The seller may claim that you forged them; but, since that would be very risky for you, perhaps the judge will believe your word against the seller's.  But I have no idea, really.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:20:28
Surely IBM was not aware of the BitcoinRain ponzi.  Like many other such scams, it was basically ignored except for its 300 or so victims, most if not all Brazilian.   
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:19:43
That was already a millennium into the Iron Age.
@_date: 2015-03-31 01:32:57
Can't you tip yourself for the balance to 1000, then withdraw it all?
@_date: 2017-05-20 14:35:36


Human cloning is objectionable only to some people, and only for philosophical/religious reasons.  For many others, it would be no more objectionable than artificial insemination.  It would not directly harm anyone.
Cluster bombs and antipersonel mines are seen as "good" by some governments, and thus allowed for their military -- but banned for civilian use.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is causing significant harm to many people -- as the enabling technology of  ransomware, drugs by mail, tax evasion, etc.  A ban in most Western countries would have enough justification to pass.


Just as many people still believe that bitcoin may be good for lawful purposes (or just a way to get rich without effort), government may think so too.
However, opinions may easily reverse as the hype wears out.  There was a time when Coca-Cola actually contained cocaine....


When a national currency "dies", the local goernment usually offers to exchange it (in cash or bank accounts) for some replacement currency, at a fixed exchange rate.  That makes the transition orderly; the purchasing value of the old currency remaisn stable all through the replacement.
Bitcoin will die one day; if for no other reason, because nothing is eternal.  
When that happens, there will be no central bank offering conversion of bitcoins into some other currency, or other carrier of value.  As holders realize that the end is near, they will rush to sell all their coins.  Soon the price will start dropping, which will alert other holders.  [The chain reaction will end in a crash,]( with the price ending at zero and no mining.


I have my doubts about that. 
The thing may be impossible to build.  Bitcoin was a big advance, but still did not get there: the incentives are such that mining inevitably becomes centralized and then it becomes pointless.
Even if it can be build, it is not clear that it will have enough legitimate uses to compensate for the criminal ones.
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:08:02
Why do you say "for GBTC", "on GBTC"?  That is just a ticker symbol for BIT shares -- like "WMT" for Walmart shares and "APPL" for Apple shares, right?  Do you mean "on OTCQX"?
@_date: 2015-03-31 06:04:23
The Mycelia that were inspected by the postal service are probably OK.  But fake malicious ones (that generate "weak" keys) are a real possibility.  
The cost of making a well-disguised malicious fake is not trivial, but the expected payoff may be large enough to cover that cost.  Such a fake would, in particular, store the good firmware (as well as the malicious one) in its memory, and output it when ordered to "dump your firmware".  
Once the Mycelium starts being sold by the thousands, if the hacker makes a few hundred  malicious fakes and sells them in less developed parts of the world, the risk and consequences of being detected are small. At worst, all fakes will be discarded and he will lose his investment.  Even if only a dozen of them remain in use, the attack may pay off.
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:58:24
You should never enter your Trezor seed on another wallet software, unless your Trezor is unavailable (stolen, lost, broken, etc.).  The whole point of the Trezor is that your private keys do not exist on any other computer, even when you are signing transactions with them.
Your Trezor may ask you to enter the seed through software running on your computer, but scrambled in such a way that that software cannot steal it. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 00:21:48
"Fungibility" does not mean that all coins should be accepted equally *independent of their source*.  It means only that all coins are *intrinsically* equal - that is, there are no "grade A" and "grade B" coins that have different intrinsic value.
The fact that a coin was recently stolen is not an intrinsic property of the coin, it is a property of the entity that is trying to use it.   Freezing or refusing such a coin is an action against that entity, not the coin.  Once the coin gets legally transferred to an innocent owner, it is again as good as a freshly-mined coin.
@_date: 2015-03-22 17:18:05
It says explicitly so in the Winkes' ETF filing to the SEC, and I don recall having seen any claim to the contrary in the public SM BIT pages.  The contracts of the latter may be more explicit, but investors cannot divulge them, it seems.
Coinbase themselves claim to be "insured", but if you read carefully it is only their hot wallet that is insured, and they promise to keep at least 95% of their holdings in cold storage.  They also say that dollars have FDIC insurance, but it is only *their* deposit at the bank that is insured by teh FDIC up to 250 k$, against losses *at the bank*.
Considering how quick and easy it is to steal bitcoins and how hard it is to identify the thief,  I don't see how an isurance company could be so foolish to insure a cold wallet against inside heist or bad management. 
There seems to be a company that specializes in storing bitcoins safely, and claims to have some sort of insurance.  I can't remember their name now.  However, I do not know whether companies are using its services (which should not be cheap).
@_date: 2015-03-06 19:11:47
Erm, the hope of becoming filthy rich is what attracts most bitcoiners to bitcoin, it seems.
Almost all of those merchants who "accept bitcoin" actually do so through bitcoin payment processors like BitPay or Coinbase.  These processors  take the customer's bitcoins, pay the merchant in the local currency, and then sell the bitcoins on exchanges to recover the dollars.  So there are at least two currency swaps involved in each "payment with bitcoin".  Three, if we consider that most people still get their coins by buying them.
@_date: 2015-03-27 12:51:59
"You guys" is a lot of very diverse people...  For me, making fun of bitcoin fanatics and scammers on (which I only started doing recently) is a legit way to have fun -- and a small compensation for all the insults I got from them over the 15 months that I have been looking into bitcoin, from "retarded" and "statist shill" to much worse. ;)
@_date: 2015-03-27 07:49:25
Oh, I have many technical and economical reasons for doubting the longterm success of bitcoin as a payment system; but I would see no dishonor in that failure.  
What I hate is seeing bitcoin being pushed *as an investment*; especially by people who are obviously doing it for self-interest, while pretending that it is for the good of the "victim". 
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:07:56
I used "I" in my Ph.D. thesis, because I happened to have just read a style book by a "non-conformist" author (Mary-Claire Van Leunen, "Handbook for Scholars") that poked fun at the misuse of "we" in academia.  My advisor at first tried to correct the "I"s for "we"s, but after a few pages, rather uncomfortably, he let it stand.
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:58:23
They should reflect reliable sources...
@_date: 2015-03-07 21:49:29
That bitcointalk page linked above shows the *estimated* amounts of BTC purchased on each date.  SMBIT management only publishes their BTC holdings once in a while, but update the total market value of those BTC every day, as well as their official BTC market price, so the BTC purchases can be computed.  There is some uncertainty due to rounding and fees, though.
@_date: 2015-03-02 12:33:13
Fine, but wait for the price to stabilize, *then* sell it as a hedge against inflation.
@_date: 2015-03-25 03:27:01
If Bitcoin is going to be worth 5000 USD "soon", then anyone who buys 1000 BTC today for 260 k$ will make almost 5 M$ profit "soon".  That should be attractive enough for small millionaries, if not billionaires.  Why aren't they buying those thousands of coins that are for sale at 260 $/BTC or lower? 
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:34:14
It says [**here**]( that they plan to resume 1% withdrawal fee by June 2015.
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:18:00
I have seen no news of his wereabouts after he left Cyprus. There was an arrest warrant on him by the Cypriot police; I don't know if it was taken up by the Interpol.
After he ran away, people searched for his background in the UK. It was discovered that, prior to moving to Cyprus, he had organized a pop music festival in Lincolnshire, collected tickets, sold food concessions -- and the festival simply did not happen.  This was reported in local news. Too bad that his investors did not thing of doing that search before investing.
@_date: 2015-02-17 02:47:16
I expect that, at the free market equilibrium, (1) miners will demand a fee only a little less than PayPal's, and (2) the ROI of each miner will be just enough to keep him mining. 
Thus, (1) the entry of a new miner will increase the difficulty and make mining unprofitable for everybody, including the newcomer; and (2) if a miner starts accepting lower fees, although he will make more money at first, other miners will be forced to accept lower fees too, some users will start paying lower fees than they used to, the total revenue of all miners will drop, and mining will become unprofitable for everybody.
As mining becomes unprofitable, some miners will pull out until the equilibrium is restored; but if the fee percentage is lower, the total revenue of the miners will be lower, even though it is still profitable. 
So, it seems that the miners will be motivated to form a cartel and fix the prices.  If the cartel has more than half of the hashing power, it can starve any other miner who undercharges them. 
But this is just hand-waving.  Some economist should do a decent mathematical analysis.
@_date: 2015-02-12 11:41:48
Satoshi did for World Peace at least as much as Obama did.  He/she/it surely deserves the Peace Nobel Prize.
@_date: 2015-02-22 21:22:28
It was the entire contents of [**this wallet**]( that is believed to be their "cold" wallet.  The theft is the transaction timestamped  2015-02-14 04:32:26.
(Although, by the looks of the transactions before the theft, it may have been automated to some extent.)
@_date: 2017-05-01 22:32:12


The block size limit was hit for the first time in July/2015, by the "stress tests".  It was hit by apparently normal traffic in early 2016.  The "chaotic" regime shown in johoe's plot has been going on for a year already, and gives no sign of stabilizing.
That is in fact what theory predicts (and it is not a very complicated theory at all).  Let T be the "actual demand", the rate at which transactions arrive at the miners, expressed as megabytes per 10 minutes (MB/Dm) .  Let C be the "capacity", the max rate at which it can confirm transactions, in the same units.    These can be expressed as "long averages" (average over a month or so) or "short averages" (over one or two hours).  
In long average, T [has been somewhat stable for the past now]( but shows substantial variation depending on [time of day]( and [day of week](
In long average,  with the 1 MB block limit, C ideally should be 1 MB/DM; but in practice it is a bit higher, because the hashpower is rising and the difficulty adjustments are lagging behind.  In short average, [C shows  substantial variation]( almost by a factor of 2, depending on the hour of day; presumably due to electricity being cheaper at night.
Let's say that a "backlog" is a situation where there is significantly more than 1 MB of transactions in the queue, for an hour or more.   A backlog will start forming whenever T is greater than C in short average.  The queue will keep growing while T &gt; C, at the rate T - C (in MB/Dm).  The queue will shrink when T falls below C, at the rate C - T.  The duration of the backlog depends on how the difference T-C varies after it started.
When there is no backlog, ant transaction that pays the minimum fee gets confirmed as soon as the miners receive it, validate it, and mine the next block.  The network is the operating in "uncongested mode"
The "fee market" exists only while there is a backlog.  Then, it is the miners' interest to sort the queue by decreasing fee/size rate, and fill each block with the topmost 1 MB of (unencumbered) transactions from it.
When T is significantly less than C in the long average (say, T = 0.75 x C), backlogs will be infrequent, small, and short-lived.  While a higher fee may improve the chance  of cutting through the occasional backlog, the fee x delay function is not well defined, and cannot be predicted by analyzing the past.   Both RBF and CPFP are pretty useless in this case: when a transaction gets stuck, it will probably be confirmed before the RBF or CPFP are issued and get to the miners.
In particular, if C is much greater than T (as was the case until June/2015), there are no backlogs at all.  Then there is no fee market at all, and users need only worry about the mininmum fee.
As T approaches C, the backlogs get more frequent, bigger, and longer-lasting.  My rough estimate is that T now is about 90% of C or so.  Looking at the past 3 months, I see about 2 week-long backlogs per month, and a three-week-long one every 3 months.
If T exceeds C in the long average, sooner or later the backlog will be so large that it cannot ever be cleared, and it will keep growing at the rate T-C.  Eventually miners will clear their queues, discarding many unconfirmed transactions.  Whatever they do, eventually there will be a definite fraction (T - C)/T of the incoming transactions that will **never** confirm.  
So, T &lt; C causes scattered temporary backlogs, and T &gt; C results in an ever-increasing backlog with many transactions never confirming at all.   One might think that case T = C in long average would result in a stable backlog; but it doesn't.  because of the short-scale variations, once a backlog forms, its size will evolve in the so called "drunkard's walk with a barrier", and the size is expected to increase too -- but proportional to sqrt(time), rather than to time.  
But T cannot even get too close to C.  As T approaches C, the backlogs get more frequent and worse, users are asked to pay more and yet end up waiting longer, and more transactions are lost without confirmation -- whatever the distribution of fees is.  In reaction, users either reduce their usage, or leave bitcoin altogether, and switch other payment methods (crypto or not); which lowers the incoming traffic T.  
So, in the long run, this feedback mechanism will keep T at or below some fraction (say, 90%) of C.  But then, instead of a permanent backlog, there will be intermittent backlogs, that last only long enough to make the fees and delays system barely tolerable for its users.  
But the fluctuations in T and C that cause those backlogs are largely unpredictable, and even small variations in those quantities can make a huge difference on the size and duration of the backlogs.  Thus there is no way to predict the delay for a transaction that pays a given fee.  
Looking at johoe's plot, it seem that, while a backlog exists, the fee x delay function is almost an all-or-none step.  namely, for each backlog, there seems to be a magical threshold F such that transactions that pay more than F get confirmed in the next 2-3 blocks at most, while those that pay less than F get held up until the backlog starts to clear -- when the queue is quickly emptied.   And there seems to be no reliable way to estimate that magic threshold; which is not surprising, since all hurried clients are  trying to outbid each other.  
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:31:58
Why can't people use PayPal or bank transfers for that?
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:44:09
Yes.  As long as the protocol change that caused the fork is such that transaction requests and block broadcasts can be distinguished, and the transaction signatures use the same private keys, each user can just clone his wallet, install both clients, and move his coins in each chain independently.
Exchanges and other bitcoin companies can support both variants, as if they were two different cryptocoins.  Unless one of the coins is obviously worthless, they will make more money by supporting both coins than by suporting only one.
You can even fork the bitcoin chain yourself and start mining the new branch on a laptop.  Of course, no one will want to exchange dollars for bitcoins in your chain, so other users will probably not care for the coins that they have there.  Unless you are a very good marketer...
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:25:53
At least it should not be a bitcoin thief doing the bootloader upgrade.  Amazon supposedly has a "secure wharehousing facility" whatever that means.
(A firmware upgrade during shipping would not be a problem since the customer is supposed to upgrade it anyway before loading coins into it.  The sensitive component is the permanent bootloader, that checks the firmware's signature during upgrade.)
@_date: 2015-02-11 20:51:33
OK, I grant faster-than-light and time-travel.  No one really knows whether "NP-hard" problems are really hard (they often aren't in practical terms). We already do a good job at approximate future prediction.  Stock market predicition may be possible but then stock prices will become boring.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:43:06
The problem is not that fees were inadequate in those two examples.  The point is that the fees seem arbitrary and unfair to the client.
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:47:39
Does it then mean that private keys generated on that system may be guessable?
@_date: 2015-02-16 02:00:04
This question has to do with the difference between *possession* and *property*.  
Possession is the ability to use or dispose of something.  Property is the legal right to have possession of the thing; and rights are only meaningful if there is some authority (such as a government) that recognizes and enforces them.
If someone takes your car without a legal property transfer, he has possession of the car, but the car is still your property.  If he did not take it with your permission, a government that recognizes your property rights is supposed to use his courts and police to take the car from him and return it to your possession. 
The blockchain is not connected to any government or legal system, so does not record property of bitcoins, only possession. It is like a storage facility where anyone who has the key to a storage shed can open it and take its contents to another shed.
To claim certain bitcoins as your property, you must have receipts or independent log transcripts that show that you mined them, bought them, earned them, or received them as  gift; and, in the last three cases, the person who gave you the bitcoins must have been their proprietor, otherwise you may have some hard explaining to do.  Moreover, these proofs of property must be accepted by the government whose help you intend to use in case of theft.
"Theft" is the unauthorized possession of something that is the property of someone else.  Thus theft, like property, only exists with respect to some authority that recognizes and decides the property of bitcoins.
The US government, and presumably many others, has already settled that bitcoins are property.  So, for the US government, having the private key to an address does not imply being the proprietor of the coins in that address.  Anyone who moves coins from an address X to an address Y, without the permission of the proprietor of those coins and out of his reach, is  in principle a thief under US law.
@_date: 2015-02-14 21:31:16
Voting at home is a non-starter because of the risk of coercion and/or spying.  It is already hard enough to secure voting places against that risk; for instance, to ensure that the voter does **not** take any camera or electronic equipment of his own in or near the voting cabin.  
Secure voting is a problem that does not need technologically advanced solutions.  It has perfectly good solutions that are cheap and reliable.  The problem is making people aware of the possibility of vote fraud (advnced or primitive), ensuring that voters are well-informed, repealing Citizens United, neutralizing ALEC, democratizing the news channels, giving more direct control to citizens, making all administration transparent, etc., etc., etc...  
Voting itself takes 30 minutes once 1-2 years.  Why do people feel that it needs to be made more "efficient"? 
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:25:50
The bitcoin network currently costs 3600 BTC per day to operate, no matter what users do.  Transaction fees now are insignificant because that cost (a little under 1 million dollars per day) is paid by the new investors who buy and hold the bitcoins that miners create, not by the people who issue transactions.   
This arrangement was felt necessary by the designers, to motivate miners and users through the early adoption phase.  It does however distort the market, since the amount paid to miners has no relation to the value of the service that they render to users, users do not feel the cost of their actions, and investors are forced to pay for service that they don't use.
This arrangement is likely to continue for many years, unless the BTC price drops considerably (say, to 20 USD/BTC), forcing the miners to rely on transaction fees.  The free market equilibrium will be slightly below the fees of traditional systems, or even more if bitcoin retains exclusive markets like drugs and gambling. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:35:22
Just an advertising article...
OTCQX has been described as a listing of "pink slip" stock. Volkswagen is not traded at OTCQX, only its ADR is traded there. An ADR is a "passthrough" fund, created by some bank in the US, whose asset is stock of some foreign company. It is meant to allow US investors to invest in the foreign company, without having to deal with the foreign stock market where the real stock is traded. 
SecondMarket's  SMBIT fund, whose share value is tied to the BTC price, has suspended widthrawals (liquidations, redemptions) since last October, and is is not clear whether they will be resumed.  Looks like SMBIT clients who want to get out will have to wait for the OTCQX listing and then find a Greater Fool.
My conclusion: all bitcoin investment funds, existing and proposed, have all the disadvantages of bitcoin, and then quite a few more.
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:13:10
More importantly, it fits in an IEEE double without rounding; see above.
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:02:09


It would be important to how much bitcoin contributes to the revenue of the stores that "accept bitcoin".   Given the experience above, I am afraid that we will never see such a survey in the bitcoin media.
@_date: 2015-03-29 07:34:41
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:25:55
I suppose that it would be useless to point out that the security of cryptographic methods, such as those used in the bitcoin protocol, is *not* proved by math; it is only a conjecture, that is assumed true because no one has found a way to break them so far...
@_date: 2015-10-15 02:38:24
@_date: 2015-02-09 15:55:27
Are there many people who can't (or refuse to) read in simplified Chinese?  In Taiwan maybe?
@_date: 2015-02-26 21:33:40
Didn't write that.  They don't care ***why*** a currency loses its purchasing power.
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:28:56


That would not simplify the tax accounting burden.
If the store has to do that, to avoid volatility risk, then it should use Bitpay.  That way the store would not have the accounting burden and would not have to waste time selling the bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-14 16:07:20
Before giving your money or bitcoins to any enterprise, you must check the background of its owners and top officers.  If you cannot find their previous business history -- or, worse, they try to hide their identity -- do not give them a single satoshi: it is quite certainly a scam.
@_date: 2017-05-13 23:08:52




If that is not what you meant, sorry -- could you please clarify?


Because quotes have other functions besides marking what your interlocutor said.  For example, when one wants to say that "elephants like to play poker" is a sentence that almost certainly has never been said by anyone.  Or that the "that" that follows that "which" should not be a "that", like that, but a "this", like this.


Now who is creating strawmen?  My "strategy" is just to explain why your claim is wrong.


Well, it seems that you cannot find that comment where 


Is this just a case of failing memory (from either of us), or a fabrication of your imagination?
@_date: 2015-03-24 14:46:00
What I mean is that Coinbase is zero-fee because it is still subsidized by the investors.  If it had to cover its costs, it would have to charge fees (maybe less than 1%, I don't know). It does not matter who the investors are, or whether they are the same as BitPesa's.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:14:17
The real problem is that the market price of bitcoin is way too high considering the volume of e-payments that are actually occurring.  It distorts the economy by making investors subsidize miners so that transactions seem "free" to users.
People generally hold an inflationary currency for as little as possible; those who live on a paycheck will keep it in cash or checking account for less than a month.  That ties the value of the currency to the volume of payments.  
With bitcoin, on the other hand, most people who hold it are speculators -- they only buy because they expect to sell it for more at some point in the future.  That is what is holding the price of bitcoin.  If it were not for speculation, and people only bought bitcoins to use them for payments, the price would be less than 10 $/BTC.  
In that case, the reward for solving a block would be less than 250$ (instead of today's ~6300$), and fees would be significant.  Miners would start to select transactions with higher fees, and market forces would then ensure that fees would be maybe 0.5% to 2% of the transaction amount.  (Something would have to be done about change-backs; either they would have to be excluded from the fee, or users would have to keep their BTC broken into many small TXOs - "virtual banknotes" - in order to minimize the change-back.)
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:07:40
A reuters article a few months ago claimed that most of those BCI wallets were empty.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:15:31
Or because the amount is too small to bother.  Or because they have no claim by the formula that Kobayashi will use.
Most everybody seems to be assuming that theit claim will be just their balance at some date just before MtGOX collapsed.  But that definition has some practical problems (such as, the police concluded that the database was doctored, and some traders may have used non-existent dollars or BTC, distorting the prices).  Moreover, it is not the usual formula for such cases.  The standard rule (used, for example, in the Madoff case) is to ignore the balances that were posted by the failed entity, and consider instead the amount deposited minus the amount withdrawn, converting everything to legal tender according to the market prices at deposit or withdrawal time.
Obviously, if Kobayashi were to use this second criterion, the claimable amounts would be completely different from the balances.  But the victims simply plug their ears and shut their eyes whenever this issue is brought up... 
@_date: 2015-02-14 18:02:48
A cartel of miners with more than half of the total hashing power could control the network in many ways, possibly harmful to bitcoin or to some segment of users and miners.
What exactly they could do is still hotly debated; I personally think that they could force the users and other miners to accept changes to the protocol that benefit them.  Just as banks and phone companies can collude to change their fees and terms of service, and clients are forced to accept the changes because the alternatives are worse.
@_date: 2015-02-10 15:18:06
There is also a button that says "pay with VISA", but what they accept is dollars, not visas.
Dell USA does **not** accept BRL, they accept **only dollars**.  If I had a banka ccount in the US, I could send them a check in dollars, or wire dollars to their bank account, and they would accept that.  If I sent them a check in BRL, it would be returned; if tried to wire BRL to their bank account, I could not do it.  BUT I can ask my bank to exchange my BRL for dollars and send them to Dell's account; or I can tell VISA to pay Dell in dollars (that is what happens when I click "pay with VISA"), and later give BRL to VISA to settle the bill.  In spite of this, I cannot say that "Dell accepts BRL", they definitely **do not**.
When you "pay with Bitcoins" it is **exactly the same thing**.  Dell does **not** accept bitcoins.  They do not have an address you can send bitcoins to.  If  you mail them a bitcoin paper wallet, they will return it.  BUT you can sell your bitcoins to BitPay, and tell BitPay to send the dollars to Dell (that is what happens when you click "Pay with Bitcoin").  In spite of that, you cannot say that "Dell accepts bitcoins , because they **do not**.
@_date: 2015-02-28 14:26:04
The Estonian government has decided years ago that an election need not be safe, honest, or trustable; it needs only be easy, fast, glitzy, and nerdy.  (Unfortunately the Brazilian election authority thinks like that too.)
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:43:31


... which becomes "ex Goldman director" in Bitcoinspeak... 8-(
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:57:12
None of the things listed under "BadUSB – Turning devices evil" can happen if the OS is prudent enough not to trust what a USB says it is.  They are possible only because OS designers have chosen (following Microsoft's bad example) that automagic bells and whistles were more important than safety.
@_date: 2015-02-18 08:27:27
I don't think there is any fully insured bitcoin-handling company out there.  Coinbase claims to have insured their hot wallet, but not their cold wallet.  
It is very easy to embezzle bitcoins, very hard to tell whether it was theft or embezzlement,  and nearly impossible to recover them.  I can't imagine an insurance company agreeing to insure them against theft, for any reasonable premium.  
@_date: 2017-07-21 13:56:23
Like when?
@_date: 2017-05-07 17:43:42


To be exact, not anymore.  The incentives were *believed* to be effective, *assuming* that mining was fairly well dispersed among thousands of independent anonymous miners.  Then indeed the best strategy for each miner would be to try to mine blocks that the majority of the other miners would accept.  
But with mining concentrated as it is now, that argument does not hold any more.  It is now quite possible that a majority of the miners will agree to pursue some strategy that reduces their profit in the short term but more than compensates in the longer term.  Then Satoshi's "proof" breaks down.
Moreove, even with fully dispersed miners, there was no guarantee that a transaction issued by a simple client would reach enough miners to be confirmed in a decent amount of time. And there seems to be no incentive for a miner to forward it to its competitors.   That seems to be another fatal flaw of the protocol.   
Given the current political climate, this is no longer merely a theoretical risk.  It is quite possible that transactions issued by clients running "heretical" software will be intentionally blocked and discarded by relays or miners loyal to the "Spanish Inquisition", before they reach enough miners willing to confirm them.


On the contrary: if swicthing partners costs a $5 on-chain mining fee and a one-week lockup of the funds remaining in the channel, a node that is on the only viable path from you to Starbucks can raise his LN fee to $3 or more, knowing that you would rather pay that than go without your frappucino fix.


What about serious posters who claim -- with objective arguments -- that the LN is pure dreamware that will never work?
@_date: 2017-05-21 04:22:39
very interesting, thanks! The value is in BTC, I presume? Not USD?
@_date: 2017-07-22 00:11:22


A store of water is useless -- indeed, not a store at all -- unless one can put water in when there is a surplus, and take water out when it is needed.  In fact, the important parts of that system there are the two pipes, that take water from the source to the consuming use.  The store of water is just a supplement, whose function is to accomodate the independent variations of inflow an outflow.
Likewise, a thing  is useless as a store of value -- or not such thing at all --  if one cannot receive payments into it, and spend from it.  If these two functions are compromised, the thing is a bad store of value, like a water tank with clogged input or output pipes.  
Dollars (and euros, and most national currencies) are very good stores of value for the short term (a few months); which is basically what a currency needs to be in order to serve the purpose for which it was created.  Even for longer terms, of a few years, the loss of value is predictable and small enough to bear.  In particular, one may rationally prefer to keep one's money in a bank account, and lose 5% per year, than invest in some other things that may give a positive expected return but with greater risk of large losses. 
Besides being nearly useless as a currency, bitcoin is so bad as a store of value, even for the short term, that it does not deserve to be called such.  Note that dollars can be used to store negative value (debts) as well as positive value; thus an instrument whose price rises 30% in a day is as bad in that role as one that drops 30% in a day.


Calling it  "cherry picking" does not change the fact that bitcoin's price **can** vary enormously **and unpredictably** in a short time scale.  It would be like a bizarre water tank in which the water can slosh through the fourth dimension, so the 1000 gallons that you pumped in may be only 200 when you need them, or may be 2000 next month.


I would rather keep my head straight, thank you.  There are many examples of tokens as intangible as bitcoin that reached a high **market price**.  Such as shares of the South Sea company, Enron, James Ray Houston's silver fund, Madoff's fund, and uncountably many pumped penny stocks.   
While you may call the market price of suck tokens "value", I see a certain difference between them and shares of Apple, or even copyrights to a digital movie.  I find it surprising that many bitcoin "Investors" can't see it.
@_date: 2017-05-04 11:17:38
No.  Many months ago BTCDrak somehow convinced Roger to take him as mod of [that other subreddit].  He then proceeded to cleanse [that other subreddit] of all "trolls" -- being those people (like me) who continued to hold the "wrong" opinion even after being informed that it was wrong.  Roger promptly kicked that bastard out.
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:29:55
Of course that won't stop the spooks.  The concern was criminals using malicious fakes to steal bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:12:48
So, neither Google nor Square have ever mentioned bitcoin, but of course "a new payment system" must be based on ~~hugs and love~~ bitcoin.  Got it.
@_date: 2015-02-13 10:49:15
And you are the guy posting that on reddit...
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:53:38
Are they moving money, or marijuana?
@_date: 2015-02-19 16:58:15
We still have "TAB" keys on keyboards, we call files "files" and directories "folders", displays are "monitors" and we use "print" commands to write on them.  Octal 015 is "carriage return" and we edit by "pasting".  And so on.  "Wallets" is no big deal...
@_date: 2015-02-10 06:49:12
By "recognized authorities" do you mean "recognized by the bitcoin community" only? Sorry, but that is not OK.
@_date: 2017-07-29 02:31:49
It clearly applies to any software that you use to create your private keys and sign transactions.  
Unless you carefully inspect the source code of every new release yourself, and compile it on your machine with your compiler, you must trust the developers and the security of the site from where you download the code.  Ditto for any hardware wallet.  
If a malicious agent can modify the wallet software that you use, he can do intentionally what the Blockchain.Info developer did by mistake: choose private keys that are easy for him to guess, or leak your private keys in the signatures of the transactions that you issue (unless you never make more than two payments out of the same address).
@_date: 2015-02-05 09:05:09
And someone is trying to trademark "Bitcoin" for bar wares like glasses, mugs etc.
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:48:42
The bitcoin mining network now costs at least 500'000 USD/day, in electricity, staff, housing, and equipment.  That money currently comes from the pockets of people who buy bitcoins to hold.  Those investors must pour at least 800'000 **new** dollars per day into the system, to support the network at its current size; and an unknown additional amount to provide the profit of earlier adopters who are disinvesting (selling or spending their botcoins).
If that flow of new money were to shrink, or if the early adopters were to dump more of their coins, the price would drop, the miners revenue  (fixed at 3600 BTC/day) would drop, and many of them would have to turn their equipment off.
In the limit, if bitcoins were to become worthless, the network would be supported only by volunteer miners, motivated only by ideology or technical interest -- as it was in 2009.  
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:07:27
Thanks for the clarification!
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:04:02
Given the number and variety of items that they auction each year, the overall total does not say much.
As for corruption in the public sector, it can be almost taken for granted whenever there is little risk of it being discovered.   While there are many honest civil servants, who would not take advantage of such opportunities, the corrupt ones will strive to be at the right place and time to exploit them, and to keep the honest ones away.   Criminal conspiracies among civil servants are quite common, in fact.
Suppose that, in this last auction, the receiving clerk at the USMS replaced the second-highest bid form by a doctored copy with a much lower bid price, to give most of the coins to the third bidder instead.   Without knowing the closing prices, how would the second bidder know that he had been cheated?  Would that doctored bid form be discovered by the yearly internal audit?
@_date: 2015-03-05 18:37:12
It all boils down to: what guarantee does one have about the "thing" retaining its value between the time it is received and the time it is given in exchange for something else.  
The question will have different answers depending on the time frame.  If the time frame is a couple of months -- say, between monthly payday and spending all of it, or investing on other things, before the next payday -- then ordinary currencies, whether paper or in banks, are usually trustworthy enough, even in countries with chronic 5-10% inflation.  However, a currency that has a high probability of losing 10% of its value in one month is not suitable, even on that time scale.
For a time frame of a year or two, a curency with 5% inflation would be unacceptable.  A currency with 1-2% inflation may be acceptable if the goal is merely to store value, but since there are many alternatives with similar risks but yielding profits instad fo losses, there is no reason to keep large amounts of currency, whether paper or in banks.  Stocks of solid companies are a popular choice: the main risk is that the company fails for internal or external cause.  Shares of solid funds or bonds of stable governments are also OK, with similar risks.
For investment of a decade or more, even 3% of inflation per year would erode too much of the value, and the risk of the currency collapsing in the meantime is not negligible, even if ithas been stable in the past decade or two.
For that application, one could use financial instruments rom really solid banks or governments that are guaranteed by them to compensate for inflation.   Then the main risk would be those entities being unable to fulfill that promise.  Gold funds also have that risk, namely the fund may be unable to issue the gold, or its equivalent market value in currency; but also has the risk that the market  price of gold may collapse.  Another alternative is durable material goods, like real estate; then the main risks are the goods being stolen or destroyed, or losing value because of progress.
Bitcoin's probelm is not that is has "no backing" specifically, but more generally that there is no guarantee that it will preserve its value, on any time scale.  Its supposed virtues -- scarcity, decentralization, robustness -- are not even certain, and anyway one cannot derive from them neither an expected price, not an assurance that the price will not change wildly from day to day. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 13:23:35
@_date: 2015-03-05 14:26:53
Is is certain that all the hardware in that story actually existed?  Perhaps AMHash was just a simple ponzi? 
@_date: 2015-03-04 10:55:18
... and with GBTC, unlike Coinbase, you cannot spend or trade "your" BTC, and you may never be able to redeem your shares -- if you ever want your money back, you will have to find some Greater Fool to buy the GBTC shares from you.
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:36:57
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:14:48
Yes, but you are a "new investor" only on the day that you buy it.  While you hold you are neither putting money into the system, not taking money out.  On the day that you sell or spend, you become a "earlier adopter who is cashing out", and you take some money out of the system (which ultimately comes from "new investors")
@_date: 2015-02-06 00:03:14
I am sorry, again... I should have made the sarcasm more obvious...  
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:28:46
Would it require a hard fork?  
@_date: 2015-02-22 21:38:24
Not a chance.  However, one day it may be illegal to to transfer value ON the blockchain (i.e. transact with bitcoin).
If I am not mistaken, it is already so (technically) in Ecuador and Bangladesh, and may soon be in Russia too.
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:02:10
Decentralization is not important, it is essential.  Apart from decentralization, bitcoin makes no sense at all.  
That is why the centralization of mining power is *the* biggest problem that bitcoin faces today.  Adoption is not important, price is not important, safety is not important, anonymity is not important; but if we have to trust 4-5 mining companies not to misbehave, then bitcoin loses its reason to exist.
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:37:05
Net neutrality was a given until recently.  That is what allowed services like bitcoin to exist and flourish.  Recently the Supreme Court denied the FFC authority to impose net neutrality, on a technicality.  The telcos are now trying by all means to bury net neutrality for good.
Block bitcoin and censor bitcoin websites is exactly the sort of thing that the telcos will be able to do if net neutrality falls.  If you want to be able to have services like bitcoin available without restricitons all over the US, you must **demand** that net neutrality be restored.
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:45:53
MtGOX started operating 2010-07-12, when BTC was ~0.05 USD, according to bitcoinwisdom.  The first signs of trouble were seen in mid-2013, and the awful truth came out only in Feb/2014.
@_date: 2015-02-15 20:35:37
At least twice.
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:46:07
… except that "transactions" there is not actual usage as payment for goods and services, of course.  No one knows how much that is.
@_date: 2015-02-20 17:01:13


That is exactly the kind of posts that I meant. 
"Listen, you can rot for 50 years in jail with the charges that we got. But if you hand over those bitcoins that you stole, we can drop some of them and have you charged only for jaywalking and for disposing of a human corpse in an unsanitary fashion."
@_date: 2015-03-04 21:52:32
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:26:39
If none of the outputs send to the input addresses, then there would be no change-back, by this definition.
@_date: 2015-02-22 04:34:22
Someone posted to this subreddit or to bitcointalk a "diff" document showing the differences between the 4th and 5th filings, highlighted in colors.  But I cannot find the link now...
@_date: 2015-11-29 13:47:20
Why? (Note that the average time to the next block is always 10 minutes, no matter when the last block was found.  That is a bizarre property of Poisson processes and the associated exponential ditribution of times.)
@_date: 2017-05-20 22:54:22


Madoff's ponzi lasted 25-30 years and had 60 billion USD market cap when it popped.  
On one hand, Madoff kept his supposed money-making trades hidden from the investors, whereas bitcoin has no secrets.  
On the other hand, Madoff's investors were rich people who supposedly understood a lot of finance, and heh was under the SEC's mandate; whereas most bitcoin investors are nerds who only *think* they are financial geniuses, and is mostly unregulated.
So the fact that bitcoin has lasted 8.5 years is not so impressive after all... ;-)
In fact, while bitcoin has no secrets, it is is quite difficult to understand.  Its fatal flaws are not at all obvious, and it *does* work -- to the extent that it gets payments delivered eventually, and the basic mechanism is cryptographically sound.  Thus it is easy for peddlers to sustain the illusion that it will one day replace Visa and "go to the Moon".  
Many self-styled "bitcoin gurus" do not really understand bitcoin -- and do not seem to care to.  Other "gurus" do understand enough to know that it is broken; but, being invested in it, avoid mentioning the flaws, or even lie flat-out about them.
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:32:33
Wasn't Patrick Strateman involved in [**the Intersango collapse**](  How did that end?
@_date: 2015-02-16 04:23:04
I can follow OKCoin.cn in bitcoinwisdom, seems to be up.  A DNS hacking perhaps?
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:40:15
Robert Faiella (Charlie Shrem's partner) was known as "BTC King".
@_date: 2015-02-05 10:18:12
(1) "Scumbag Ben" must not be very happy for being called a "scumbag" after he spent quite a bit of his time trying to change existing regulations to accomodate the demands of a small bizarre "industry".
(2) I believe that he is about to move to a new job, is that right? If that happens before the BitLicense proposal gets in force, the proposal may be shelved by his successor.   Indeed, depending on how he feels about his successor, Ben may or may not want to leave the decision to him.
@_date: 2015-02-17 21:58:24
Why is this thread being downvoted?  
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:12:36
This same question was asked before on this subreddit, several days ago.  Look for that thread; there were several comments and pointers there.
@_date: 2015-02-16 13:18:23
An exchange must reveal a bitcoin theft only if the amount is large enough to prevent client withdawals.  (Even then, it can delay the announcement for many months, as MtGOX showed.)
Theft of personal data, on the other hand, does not have to be revealed, unless there is substantial risk of it being leaked anyway.  If only one or two people are aware of theft, they may  choose to say nothing, and feign surprise if and when the stolen data starts to be used and its source is traced to the exchange.
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:39:12
While this says "only the kernel is impacted and need to be upgraded", does it affect random numbers generated by user programs?   That is, do user programs obtain the entropy from that buggy generator, through a kernel call?
If so, this may be very serious, not only for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-27 17:58:03
The 21 million BTC limit has a logical explanation: it is about the largest number of satoshis that can be handled without roundoff errors in an Excel spreadsheet (more generally, in the IEEE double-precision floating-point format, which is used by Excel and several other applications to store numeric values).
It is not an exact power of two because he chose to start the reward schedule with a round BTC amount, namely 50 BTC -- which is 5 x 10^9 satoshis, not a power of two.   
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:40:07
I don't claim to know more. I just I don't have reason to lie.
@_date: 2015-02-16 08:22:28
Why would BBC ask CoinDesk about Ecuador's digital payment system?
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:30:56
[**Neo &amp; Bee – A Statement By Andreas M. Antonopoulos – A consultant’s perspective**](
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:09:23
How many of those wallets are empty? How many have more than 5$ in it? What is the total value stored in those wallets?
@_date: 2015-02-27 15:55:32
Any link to details?
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:57:00
Isn't it rather an ASCII 'LF'? Or 'CR'? Or 'CR LF' ?
@_date: 2015-02-07 18:20:08
It is not a new "digital currency" but only a state-run electronic payment system, sort of an official PayPal or mPesa.  Apparently it will use the US dollar, which is still the official currency of Ecuador.
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:40:52
But, **ALT**OIDS? Do you keep Dogecoins in your Trezor?
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:42:43
Every bitcoiner should read [**this article**](  Forget Willy and BitPay.  You cannot understand what happened since last October without this information.  Of course, the bitcoin media will never tell you that.  Guess why.
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:32:10
The cold wallet is not insured, as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2015-03-02 11:07:20
There may be too few people still trading.  So one large buy or sell moves the price a lot, and then there are not enough traders to extend or undo the move
@_date: 2015-03-25 06:45:16
And how are buyers supposed to do that? 
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:41:34
According to the data posted to the bitcointalk.org and a bit of arithmetic, the average BIT investor lost (on paper) 40% or more of the money that he invested.  Some investors made a good (paper) profit, some are almost breaking even, but then some lost a lot more than that.  Redemptions have been blocked since last October, when the price was ~370 $/BTC.  I would be surprised if there are no sellers, now that the older investors finally can sell.
@_date: 2015-03-06 05:10:33
First, delaying the next halving does not require increasing the max number of coins.  One can keep the limit by anticipating some of the subsequent halvings.
Second, the scarcity is not guaranteed.  The limit *can* be increased. The only thing that is supposed to prevent that is the assumption that a majority of miners will not want to do that.  
In the beginning, the dollar was supposed to be valuable because it was backed by gold or silver.  Therefore, by that logic, if the government  tried to remove the backing, the dollar would become worthless.  Well, at some point the government did just that, and the dollar did not become worthless.  Why do you assume that it would be different with bitcoin?
In fact, the thesis "the value of bitcoin would hardly be affected if the limit was raised" seems to me much more reassuring than the thesis "the limit will not be raised because that would render bitcoin worthless".  The latter is only a small step from "bitcoin is worthless because the limit can be raised"...
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:57:05
You missed the point.  They cannot ask you to produce 1 million dollars in cash right away, nor transfer 1 million dollars to their bank account in Transylvania without alerting the banks and exposing themselves to be caught.  But, like the new bitcoin-based ransomware, they **can** demand that you transfer 5000 BTC immediately to their address, even if they are in Trasylvania, with nearly zero risk for them; and once you did that, no one can recover your coins for you.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:09:08
Also, there are 13.6 million BTC in existence. If they were distributed evenly to those 250'000 employees, it would come out to ~55 BTC per employee, or ~14'000 dollars per employee, at current prices. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 20:32:21
I see them now.  If that is indeed MyBitcoin.hk, then there must be more than 43 (or 30) victims...
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:49:54
In the US, which is still deeply divided about marijuana and suspicious of bitcoin, I guess that associating the two would harm them both.
@_date: 2015-02-13 13:18:52
That is what Coinbase and CoinJar already do: instead of keeping bitcoins in your account, you keep dollars.  (Which is also what every bitcoin exchange does, and every traditional bank does, in fact; but the difference is how you say it.)
@_date: 2017-05-13 22:31:26
Honestly I don't remember what discussion you are referring to.  I rarely pay attention to who my interlocutors are.  (They are just strings of letters...)
@_date: 2015-02-08 03:10:35
A kid was watching the OP and snatched the 1$ bill when the OP had to go to the bathroom...
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:30:17
I have seen claims that their "software department" is just one guy.  That was supposed to be the explanation for how the infamous RNG bug got into the release posted for download, without any review.
@_date: 2015-02-14 14:24:26
They still need bitcoins if anyone wants to withdraw them or send them to a someone else.  Also they would need bitcoins if the flow is unbalanced (more people changing dollars to euros than the other way around).  But they could also use other cheap remittance channels that are not available to common people.  Or they could adjust their fees and spreads to make the flow more balanced.
@_date: 2015-02-01 16:09:42
Not at all. I am only trying to guess why *the defense* wants Andreas to testify.
@_date: 2015-02-27 15:35:03
I am a teacher at a public university, so a statist shill if you wish.  I care a lot about net neutrality, and I hate monopolies and cartels.  Now, which telco do you work for?
@_date: 2015-02-21 17:00:22
That is the beauty, the credit card protocol has been working flawlessly even without any crypto whatsoever.  /s
Seriously: it does not matter that some part of a payment system is tamper-proof.  What matters if the security of the system as a whole.  Cash and credit cards have huge security risks, but bitcoin's are not smaller.
There are statistics out there on the amount of credit card fraud; IIRC they are 0.1% of the total payments, or less (6 billion USD/year in 7 trillion USD/year).  Even a crude conservative estimate of the fraudulent losses in the bitcoin system are **much** higher (MtGOX losses alone were probably more than all e-commerce payments in 2014).
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:51:51
You really cannot see what is wrong with that scenario?
@_date: 2015-02-21 10:53:14
Artificial *Intelligence* will not have religion, broadcast TV, nuclear power, MS Windows, lawn mowers, or proof-of-work distributed decentralized ledgers.
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:32:18


That cannot be proved, of course.  Can one be skeptic?


A miner that decides to do something really bad would have sold all his coins already, an may already have millions of dollars invested in hardware that is no longer profitable if used honestly.
But cartels and monopolies do not form to destroy their market. Banks do not use their cartel power to just steal money from accounts.  Instead, they use their power to extract more revenue from the market than what they could get by playing in a free market.  Assuming that the 51% attack will be hostile and destructive is a distracting strawman.  Like any dictator, a cartel could claim that it is intervening to protect bitcoin and ensure the health of the network, and would probably secure the suport of the Foundation and many core developers.
@_date: 2015-02-16 12:06:44
Or proportional to the size of the theft *relative to the size of the industry*?  300 million $ is a tiny fraction of the sum of all bank accounts, even of the accounts in the hacked banks only.  7170 BTC is a much larger fraction of the sum of all BTC accounts in all exchanges, and may mean the end of Bter.
Or maybe it should be proportional to the losses suffered by the clients?
Or maybe it should be proportional to the hype that tries to paint bitcoin as safer than banks and credit cards?
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:48:55
The Brazilian stock market didn't "collapse".  The IBOVESPA index dropped from the peak ~68'700 to ~62'000 (~10%) because of political events.  That was the largest drop in last year, which it started at 50'000.  
If I had invested all my savings in bitcoin instead, I would not have been a sucker but a gambler.  If then I sold now, I would be a lucky gambler.  
But if I was a gambler, I would probably keep holding, hoping for even bigger gains.  If I were to be still holding when it finally crashed, I would be a big sucker.  
If instead I somehow managed to sell just before the final crash, I would be again a lucky gambler -- and the guy who would have bought from me would be an even bigger sucker. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 09:45:46
Micropayments make sense only if a company (such as a game site) has thousands of customers making hundreds of payments per day.  Such use would saturate the bitcoin network as it is now (max ~3 transactions per second total).
Bitcoin payments seem to be free now because the cost of the network (~1 million dollars per day) is not paid by its users, but by the new investors who buy coins to hold them.  In the future, as the block rewards shrink, the network will have to start charging significant fees.  At its present capacity of ~3 transactions per second max, the fee would have to be about 3 USD per transaction to sustain the current hashrate.  Even with the proposed (and controversial) increase in block size to 20 MB, the fee would have to be 0.15 USD per transaction.  Micropayments are not viable with such fees.
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:59:34
With a sane operating system, there shoud not be any risk in connecting to a random USB.  I still remember a world before Microsoft got the world to accept the idea of auto-executing files and ato-executed macros in documents.  From there to adding javascript to HTML, and all the evils that came with it,  was only a small step... 
@_date: 2015-02-28 07:17:25
I am sorry, we are so far apart in our view of bitcoin that it would be useless to go into details... 
Anyway, for one thing: a transaction can take hours to be confirmed (or may never be confirmed, if the top 5-6 mining companies decide that they absolutely don't like it). Also, each transaction actually costs about 10 dollars; it seems to cost pennies because it is the new investors who have to pay the bill, not the users.  
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:33:43
Well, I take it back.  I suppose that bitcoin's image will benefit from being used for marijuana, with marijuana's will not be significantly harmed by being associated with bitcoin. 8D
However, that map also tells me that marijuana will soon be legalized at the federal level, too. In which case banks and PayPal will move in too.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:42:27
I don't care for the subject, but the picture is very nice, congratulations!
@_date: 2015-02-12 18:48:22
It would not depend on how many miners there are, if the hashrate was stable.  In ideal conditions, the expected value of the number N of blocks in any 1-hour interval would be 6, and the variance of N would be 6 also, so the standard deviation would be ~2.45.  However, the distribution of N is not symmetrical.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:52:50
I will let the Trezor guys answer that.  I get zero for my consulting &amp; marketing services; if they want me to do more, they would have to pay me at least 50% more.
@_date: 2015-02-01 02:40:31
The warning from Italy's Central Bank is directed only to other banks and regulated institutions.  It is not an outright ban, but invites those institutions to evaluate carefully their risks and consider that, in the absence of regulations and a legal framework, handling virtual currencies could expose them to risks of losses and instability.  Furthermore, the concrete ways of functioning of virtual currencies may infringe the laws and lead to penal sanctions.
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:45:52
Well, but in that case the proposal is not "accept payments in bitcoin" but "accept payment in dollars through payment processors that may do on-the-fly conversion from other currencies or goods"
@_date: 2015-02-17 02:12:20
v0.1 or v0.10 ?
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:12:43
By setting up enough malicious pseudonodes, would it be possible to starve certain miners, or cause certain clients to see only a specific subset of the miners?
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:47:34
If the user waits for a deposit to be confirmed before issuing the withdrawal request, no problem.  Otherwise (just as with banks), if the transactions happen to be processed in the wrong order, the withdrawal may be rejected (or returned to the queue) for insufficient funds.  But that incident would be OK because the client chose to run that risk.  is there a bug in that?
@_date: 2015-02-28 20:41:23
NYSE and NASDAQ are not supposed to keep stock prices stable.  A share of a company is supposed to represent a property title to a slice of the company, that is, of its assets and of its future profits.  Therefore, the value of the stock is supposed to vary according to those "fundamentals" -- the value that other people assign to those assets, and the expectation that people have about that profit.    
In that respect, bitcoins are exactly like shares of a "penny stock": slices of a company with no assets and no perspective of future profit.  (That, in fact, seems to be a very common reason that keeps people from investing in bitcoin.)   Bitcoin's only claim to value is a complicated distributed "share registry" called the "bitcoin network", that is assumed to track flawlessly the possession of shares and have other nice properties too.  That is supposed to make bitcoins useful as means of payment.
In fact, one could use shares of a penny stock too as currency, if people trusted whatever entity is keeping track of their ownership, and somehow attached a value to them.  The latter often happens as a result of speculative investment: people buy worthless penny shares for positive amount of money, in the expectation that someone else may want to buy them for more.  (Speculation also contributes to the price of stocks of solid companies, but long-term investors should be smart enough to discount the speculative component and look only at the "fundamentals".) In fact, speculation about its future price is the only reason why bitcoin's price is now 250$, instead of some number between 0$ and 20$.
@_date: 2015-02-10 17:47:22
By the time bitcoin takes over the world, computers will use 128-bit words, and Excel numbers will be stored as quadruple-precision floating-point numbers instead of double-precision ones. 
Then the only reason for limiting the supply to 21 million BTC (~ 2^51 satoshis) will be gone, and the limit will have been lifted to something like 2^111 = 2'596'148'429'267'413'814'265'248'164'610'048 satoshis, or about 25'961'484'292'674'138'142'652'481  ( 26 septillion) BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:34:53
Of course not. I was trying to point out that some people will keep lots of bitcoins on exchanges anyway, in spite of all warnings.
@_date: 2015-02-12 13:56:48
Ahem, sorry, I should have put a smirking emoticon there...
@_date: 2015-02-17 14:09:50
Basically they propose to replace the adders in the ASIC by simpler circuits that fail when there is a long carry, such as when adding 10100010100 + 00011101100.  So the ASIC will say "sorry, my fault, please try another nonce" for a few trials, but will be faster for all other trials.  The authors claim that overall it will find the block puzzle solution 5% faster that the standard design.
@_date: 2015-02-15 21:19:51
It should be noted that storing the hash of a document in the blockchain (or some other trustable place) only lets you check whether a given copy of the document is identical to the version that was hashed on that occasion.  If the check fails, you will have no idea of where the difference is (it could be a single bit) and you will not be able to recover the original document.  You will still need to keep the whole original document in some long-term storage to do that.
Storing the hash in the blockchain also does not prove that the stored hash is that of the correct version and not that of a doctored version...
@_date: 2015-02-16 03:04:05
Can an exchange run out of bitcoins? In theory, yes. In practice, there will probably be someone willing to sell for a sufficiently high price.  
Do exchanges need to contribute any bitcoins of their own? No.  Clients must first deposit money and/or bicoins at the exchange. The exchange then takes orders from buyers and sellers, matches them, and updates the client accounts according to their trades.  Every bitcoin that a client can withdraw must have been deposited earlier by him or some other client.
@_date: 2015-02-13 23:31:15
Shh! Spoilsport!
@_date: 2015-03-09 10:33:55
Actually I am paid by the opposition party, see the other comment.  But the opposition has been caught paying for street violence (black blocs and such).  Not in this case maybe; those pan-bangers were probably all sincere.
@_date: 2015-03-07 21:45:41
As I understand it, every time SMBIT sells a share, the managers have to buy 0.1 BTC and hold it in the fund's cold wallet.  That is what we understand from public information.  However, the investment details are revealed only to investors, apparently under a non-disclosure contract.  It is possible that the fund managers have some slack, e.g. they need only buy the BTC within N days of the investment.  
They may also have a reserve of cheap BTC bought on Sep/2013 or earlier.  In that case, instead of buying the necessary coins OTC or on exchanges, they "buy from themselves" by moving numbers between their ledgers and pocketing the money.  But that is not different than buying cheap BTC at market price from the private hoards of the fund owners/managers.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:59:30
Stocks that don't pay dividends and do not accumulate  capital assets are called "penny stocks", and they are bad investments for the same reason.
Speculation is just a form of gambling, a zero-sum (or negative-sum) game.  Speculation also occurs with good, wealth-producing stocks, but it does not affect long-term investors because it only adds ripples to the underlying steady positive trend due to wealth created by the company.  With penny stocks and bitcoin, there is no such wealth creation and no fundmental steady valuation; only speculation.
@_date: 2015-02-15 11:05:44
@_date: 2015-02-20 13:43:18
You wanna bet 1 billion dollars?  I hope that the country you are the finance minister of can afford to lose it. 8-)
@_date: 2015-02-13 04:14:50
To be clear: it is the *same* (rather negative) statement that he made recently, that becomes more positive each time it is retold... 
@_date: 2015-02-12 20:11:28
@_date: 2015-02-12 04:08:52
I have seen several claims that cloud mining does not make economic sense almost by definition; because the company would make more money just mining by itself, instead of renting its hashpower out.  Are these claims true?
@_date: 2015-03-06 04:10:06
Actually mining does not need cheap energy. The bizarre economics of bitcoin, the miners get paid the same amount -- 3600 BTC/day -- no matter what.  They compete for those coins in many ways.  One of them is the cost of energy, but the competition only defines how big will be the slice that each miner will get.  So, making energy cheaper will only increase consumption. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 09:26:15
Thanks for the tip! And he has retweeted that news (which is rather like "Mercedes-Benz partnered with a concrete pillar to kill Princess Di") dozens of times in the past couple of days.  Now the guess does not look so wild anymore...
@_date: 2015-03-25 15:36:45
Does the ad mention Bitcoin, or cryptocurrencies?  The text I can read only says "digital currencies".
@_date: 2017-05-13 21:57:11
Yes, the ability to trade is good *for producers and consumers*, and reducing the friction of trade benefits *them*. 
That is why it is better *for them*, for example, to have a single marketplace for for each tradeable asset.  And why merchants who provide physical transportation and storage of commodities can get suitable revenue by charging them for that service (as fees, or trade profits).  
But the topic is *day-traders* -- who do not provide such physical services, but only try to make a profit from price variations across time or across different marketplaces.  Even assuming that they *do* provide a useful service to producers and consumers, does their profit come from the value of that service?  
If it did, and if day-trading was indeed a positive-sum game, the profit of a day-trader should be proportional to the extent of his service, and all day-traders would be expected to make a profit (like all stockholders of a profitable company get a share of that profit).  
But that is far from the case, don't you agree?
I googled what you suggested, but I did not see anything that seemed relevant to the question "is day-trading a positive-sum activity" (or "is day-trading *not* just a form of gambling").   Could you please point to something more specific?
@_date: 2017-05-13 15:50:47
Fair enough: if I was your employer, I would fire you too.  (For one thing, you don't seem able to see the difference between "is LIKE a ponzi" and "is a ponzi".)
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:38:21
The Bitcoin Central Bank prints 3600 new bitcoins every day.  That is about 5%/year inflation or more.  But, anyway, most sane people do not care for *why* a currency is losing value.
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:05:01
Well, obviously one of us at least does not fully understand the implications of the protocol. 8D
You "owners of bitcoins" have no control on the network.  What the miners will do will be decided by the technology and by what the miners perceive to be in their interest, even if that perchance happens to be bad for *all* "owners of bitcoin". 
Note also that every miner will "die" in a year or two at most, because of equipment obsolescence.  So they will not care much to what happens to the bitcoin price beyond that.
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:21:00
Note that this is still only a *proposed* law, still to be evaluated by the Fiscal Analyst.  
The New Hampshire bill had six or seven sponsors.  I see only one here.  How many congressmen will be voting it?
@_date: 2015-02-04 05:13:42
Thanks for the honor, but I am afraid that I am a very minor "intellectual".  
If it is relevant:  I have yet to meet a bitcoiner in person.  Most people around here do not seem to care about bitcoin.  I have mentioned it to half a dozen of my colleagues (including two very smart cryptographers) and they were all even more skeptical about it that I am.   Most people seem to lose interest when they learn that it does not have any backing assets or dividends.
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:55:22
I meant the hypothetical argument that "the US government will not want abandon the silver standard, because it would destroy the dollar".  That argument would have been flawed then, for the same reason that the bitcoiners' argument above is flawed.
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:25:19
Many mining manufacturers seem to be selling their unsold products with big discounts. With the current prices, mining is not the booming market that it once was.  It is surely too small for the giant consumer electronics and computer companies.  It is the right size for a few specialized manufacturers.
That hiring by BitFury may be a only sign that Samsung was no longer interested in that executive.  8D
@_date: 2015-02-18 08:13:32
Thanks. That Coinbase option takes care of the web programming hassle, but still leaves the accounting annoyance.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 05:20:30
Sorry, that is not what I intended to write.  Please replace "For criminal purposes"  --&gt; "In the eyes of the law". 
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:23:10
Yeah, that is what I meant: "If a transaction has two or more inputs, there is no way (even in theory) of telling which output bitcoins came from which input."
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:00:47
AFAIK, BTCW "Coinbase" is still showing the old brokerage service, not the new exchange.
The BTCW author was very quick to fix bugs and answer user requests, but has been quite absent of late.  Is he losing interest?
@_date: 2015-02-18 11:57:35
Yep.  The traffic in that wallet suggests that cold-to-hot transfers were at least semi-automated.  The heist occurred just after two such transfers of 100 BTC each -- when "the safe was still open"?
An automated "cold" wallet need not be unsafe if it is properly implemented.  It does not need a direct connection to the main exchange servers, since it can monitor the hot wallet on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-02-14 01:18:46
By that criterion, money (traditional or crypto) is not useful either; it does not create any value, and its whole "industry" (mints, ATMs, safes, armored cars and security guards, bitcoin miners, exchanges, etc.) is wasted resources...
Actually, banks and money (and land registrars and stock exchanges and payroll accountants and many other sectors)  *do* contribute to society -- by accounting and mediating transfers of real wealth, which akes the economy more efficient.  Some of that accounting and mediating may be extremely inefficient or even counterproductive, some of those players may cheat and steal, or take too much for their fees; but, in general, society would be worse if they were eliminated.  
Banks, in particular, provide many services that someone will still have to provide even if old currencies were to be totally replaced by bitcoins.   People will still need to borrow money, for example and other people will want to lend it.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:54:48
Fungibility has nothing to do with that.  Bitcoins (like dollar bills) are fungible because they have the same market value; there are no "grade A" coins and "grade B" coins.   But if a bunch of bitcoins (or a bunch of dollar bills) are stolen, whoever knowingy accepts them is guilty of a crime -- not because *the coins* are somehow special, but because of the way they were obtained.  If an innocent party swaps the stolen bitcoins for litecoins or alpaca socks, the criminal implications pass over to these.
@_date: 2015-02-21 11:11:12
See all the comments above.  Coinbase already can handle dollar--&gt;dollar, CAD--&gt;dollar, GBP--&gt;dollar and the reverse.  If it charges less than PayPal for such services, it will make a lot more money from them than from bitcoin--&gt;dollar.  Then bitcoin will be too much of a hassle to be worth the trouble, even for internal use.
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:40:12
I don't think that he views it as a threat.  He just does not believe that bitcoin will succeed, otherwise he would invest in it.  His view is just the view of 99% of everybody who have looked into it.
@_date: 2015-02-28 18:24:09
That is indeed what governments and central banks try to stabilize by controlling the mony supply.  They have large statistics departments that gather prices of thousands of commodities and services, and try to produce an index of average "purchasing power".
The "value of a currency" has no other objective meaning.  However, for a country that depends a lot on import and export, the exchange rates of its currency with those of trade partners is important, because it affects the purchasing power of its currency in those foreign trades.
@_date: 2015-02-21 17:56:47
I don't think the SEC would tolerate such a gross leak. 
IIRC there are over a  thousand proposals waiting for SEC's approval, and their standard official position is, basically,  "no use asking us: your proposal will be approved if and when it will be approved, not a day before".  There is no set deadline for them to give an answer.
The Winklevosses had to amend their proposal 4 or 5 times after it was originally filed.  In the last amendment, I think they changed the state of incorporation (Delaware instead of New York) and updated the description of the bitcoin economy
@_date: 2015-02-19 09:51:50
I thought that the killer app was the one that Dread Pirate Roberts tried to use to get rid of that problematic chemist.
@_date: 2015-02-28 19:52:12


Is that "250'000 USD for *each* account" or "250'000 for *all* accounts together"?  
I find it hard to believe that an insurance company would accept insuring X bitcoins in those terms, unless the owners paid a large percentage of X upfront as premium.  
If the bitcoins are stolen, how will the insurer know that they were indeed stolen, and not just embezzled by the CEOs?  Will the insurer wait until a police investigation proves that it was theft?
@_date: 2015-02-12 09:31:54


I haven't seen this claim before.  Reporters in China attributed the bubble primarily to amateur commodity day-traders (a form of gambling, for sure).


This was Mark's explanation, and has been shown to be false, many months ago.  Japnese police has concluded that it was an inside job, and the investigation is still going on.
@_date: 2015-02-15 13:33:11
Still could be a precaution by Bter.  It would be a wise thing to do if you suspect that the system's security has been compromised, no matter where.
EDIT: That [0003...] wallet seems to be an auxiliary Bter wallet, perhaps for withdrawals.  Traffic between it and the Bter cold wallet alternates between transfers of 100 BTC from cold to 0003 and +15 BTC from 0003 to cold.  So the last two -100 BTC outputs from the cold wallet seem to be normal businesses.  The last transfer that took -7170 BTC to [5186...] is the only unusual one.
@_date: 2017-05-13 18:12:10
Yes.  An overvalued asset is a normal asset with a ponzi-like gambling game tacked on top.  
Day-trading is playing that gambling game, not investing in the asset itself.  Unlike the latter, the day-trading gambling game does not create wealth; it only moves wealth around.  Namely, the investors who **are** smart and/or lucky take money from those investors who **think** they are smart and/or lucky.
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:09:43
Well, go ask Satoshi then. ;-)
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:46:36
Yes, funny how the more successful it is, the lower the price drops.  Must be those sneers and snides in Satoshi did not think of *that* attack, alas.
@_date: 2015-03-07 07:33:27
The accumulated investment in my graph (~67.9 M$) was estimated by adding the amounts invested each day.  SMBIT does not give this data explicitly, but gives the total USD value of their holdings each day.  From this data, user  of bitcointalk estimated [**their net BTC purchases each day**]( and I estimated the net investment each day from that number and the Nominal Asset Value (NAV) for that day. 
Since the total value of their BTC holdings today is ~33.9 M$, it follows that the average SMBIT investor has got a 45% paper loss so far.
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:59:16
Both previous auctions had many bidders, the first one more than the second one.  Before both auctions, SecondMarket organized a pool ("syndicate") for bidders who could not bid for a whole lot.  In the first auction, Tim Draper took all the ~30'000 BTC.  In the second auction, the SeconMarket syndicate took 48'000 BTC and Tim Draper took 2000.  No one knows what were the winning prices, but it is guessed that they were about market price (~630 $/BTC and ~370 $/BTC, respectively)
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:51:28
Are they using Coinbase for the conversion?
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:22:46
In case you are looking for a serious attempt to answer: 
For criminal purposes, it does not make any difference whether you use money or goods when paying, charging, stealing, defrauding, demanding ransom, laundering, etc..
A bitcoin exchange like Coinbase can take money from one person, store it on behalf of that person, and deliver it to another person, possibly in another city, state, or country.  I believe the MSB licenses are required for the last two functions.  It does not matter that the company also churns bitcoins or whatever.
Bitpay on the other hand does not need MSB licenses because they are only a "payment processor". A payment processor can only take money (or, in their case, bitcoins) from customers of some merchant and hand the same money promptly to the merchant, as payment for goods or services.  BitPay states expressly in their TOS that they cannot be used to sell bitcoins (by buying virtual merchandise from a bogus merchant that returns the dollars to the customer, or is the customer himself).  if they did that, they would no longer be "payment processors" and would need MSB licenses.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:25:59
That verification is easily done without the blockchain: just post a list of secret voter IDs and their votes.   The hard parts include (1) verifying that there are no "ghost votes", and (2) making sure that the voter cannot prove to his boss that he voted for the "right" candidate.   The blockchain, as used here, does not help with either goal.
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:10:01
A miner or mining cartel with more than half the hashpower could in theory force everyone to upgrade their software to increase the limit, by jamming the current blockchain.  But it not likely that they will want to do that.
A more "serious" limit is that 21 million BTC is about 2^51 satoshis,  and 2^51 is close to the upper limit of the integer number range that can be stored in a double-precision floating-point without rounding.  Some languages (such as gawk) use that format for all numbers, so increasing that limit may break many scripts and tools that people now rely on.
@_date: 2015-02-24 04:18:56
I have tried to argue that too. The stock reply is "the cartel will not want to do that because it will destroy bitcoin".  
However, by the same argument, the US government would not have abandoned the gold (or silver) standard. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:46:40
Indeed.  If a branch in Japan tried to move 1 million BTC to the US, converting yen to dollars, they would end up buying well above market in Japan (if they could find enough sellers), and selling well below market in the US (if they could find enough buyers).  Their loss would be much more than the fees of traditional channels.
@_date: 2015-02-16 21:52:20
Um, it seems that I am not being able to get the point across.  Can you admit at least that your opinion of what is "yours" and what is "mine" is just as valid as my opinion about that?


That is not true.  Primitive tribal societies, like still exist in Brazil, Borneo, the Andaman, etc.  have a much looser concept of property, almost none.  Sharing is very strong among them, as among husband and wife in civilized societies.  What one hunter kills, for example, is often shared with the tribe, even with those hunters who did not catch anything.  There is obvious survival value in that, and no incentive for cheaters.  Indeed, anthorpologists say that one of the big traumas that those natives go through when becoming acculturated is getting used to the civilized man's obssession with property and selfish hoarding rather than sharing.
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:19:59
I understand that AML/KYC will still be required for money deposits and withdrawals, correct?
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:47:39
After six years of practice, bitcoiners apparently can read any text and understand exactly what they want to understand.  Like Gates saying "bitcoin is no good" and them understanding "Gates likes bitcoin".  
By the way, you joined two separate quotes over there.   And both are taken out of context...
@_date: 2015-02-24 05:00:00
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:41:11
IF you notice the theft and can move your bitcoins elsewhere, before the thief can crack the device... 
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:56:42




They are strictly following the protocol while jamming the original chain.  The change to the reward schedule (say) will be in the new branch of the chain.  The new version of the protocol woudl continue to obey the fndamental principles that are supposed to make it work - Merkle chaining, proof of work, block rewards, longest-chain-wins.  The amount of reward and the halving schedule are not essential parts of the protocol.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:15:41


That pencil is not yours, is mine.  Why would it be  yours?  Just because you say so?


If the community socially excluded me for taking your sheep, the community would be the authority that defines the sheep as your property. 
When you gave me the sheep, it *could* have become my property (if it was in payment for the song I sang for you, dowage for my daughter, tithe for me being God's representative, a birthday present, ...)  *The community* would decide who is the proprietor of the sheep, when it decides which of us two should be shunned.  The community must have some rules to do so, and some organization to reach a consensus.  (If half the community sided with you, and half with me, then the property of the sheep would be undefined.)
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:04:01
Well, I must be misunderstanding indeed... The block reward was the only the best attempt at solution that could be envisioned.   It does not ensure the honesty of miners; that conclusion only follows if one assumes that every miner is motivated only by immediate gain in bitcoins.  As I said above, the network is its own enemy: a bigger network cannot protect bitcoin from central control, just as a bigger army cannot protect a country against civil war or a military takeover.
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:13:12


Come on, of course bitcoin is infinitely safer for the blackmailer/kidnapper than cash.  Why do the ransomware guys ask bitcoin (even from victims who do not have any bitcoin)? 
Cash has to be delivered to him physically, no matter how twisted the path.  Bitcoin can be sent instantaneousy to his account, and sold in Transylvania then re-sold in Patagonia three times, all without exposing himself, before you can dial the police (who will not be able to do anything).
Besides, you cannot take 1 million in cash out of the bank in the middle of the night, or in less than 1 hour; and doing so will alert the bank.
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:29:59
It is using the best available means to achieve one's goals.  It is worrying mostly about those things that affect one's life and over which one has control.  It is not trusting peddlers of snake oil. ...    
@_date: 2015-02-08 03:13:09
Banks in Ecuador are already doing that, of course.
@_date: 2015-02-17 02:59:26
China did not "ban bitcoin", only banned its use in e-commerce and in the financial system.  It may also have put pressure on entrepreneurs to avoid aggressive marketing of bitcoin investments. 
For a while it looked as if the exchanges would lose their bank accounts, but they seem to have found workarounds, or got some tolerance in that regard. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 13:35:58
You mean, to check the randomness of the correspondence?  
The scatterplot software will almost certainly require double-precision floating-point data, which has only ~51 bits of accuracy.  My suggestion would be
+ use C (or Python, if you must) to generate a large enough list of key pairs,
+ in the same program, or a separate program, extract specified pieces of each key (say, the first 51 bits, the last 51 bits, etc.)
+ write those 51-bit integer pairs to a text file, one pair per line
+ read that file into matlab and plot the scatterplot.
I would use gnuplot rather than matlab for the latter step.  However, if you intend to do linear regression etc, you may find matlab handy. (I have my on C programs for regression, but they are too kludgy to post.)
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:20:03
Well, that is good too.  But just watching is fun too.  
Whatever your side, you must agree that the Block Size War drama has no equals in the history of open software, no?
@_date: 2015-02-12 04:05:25
CoinJar claims to do that; but, then, you have dollars in your account, not bitcoins.  What you are describing is basically a traditional bank...
@_date: 2015-02-01 23:06:31
No sane person complains when he accidentally gets *more* money that he expected,  But most people (including the government) will get very upset when the opposite happens.  So, even though volatility could play in either direction, both parties of a trade generally hate it.
@_date: 2015-02-12 21:32:03
+ Outlawing bitcoin
+ Adding enough taxes to drive people away from it.
+ Disabling nodes and miners by DDOS or routing hacks
+ Co-opting or buying 60% of all existing mining power and jamming the blockchain
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:19:41
They can identify enough of the Tor nodes and commandeer them, for example.  Or set up fake Tor nodes and redirect the internet traffic to them.  Or provide users with encrytion keys that they can decrypt.  Or just make the Tor nodes disappear from the net.  Or whatever.
The internet infrastructure is owned and operated by a small number of telecomm companies that will do whatever the US government and allied governments demand.   The routing of packets through the network (except perhaps at the very fringe) is done by equipment that belongs to those companies. It is naive to expect that one can build a secure communication structure on top of "their" network, that will be accessible everywher and that "they" will be unable to stop or trace.
@_date: 2015-02-17 10:51:05


There is a naming confusion here.  You are referring to the costs that miners have to pay.  I was thinking of the set of all miners as an external entity that provides a service to the "bitcoin system"; so I include the miners's profit in the cost of that service, which is basically fixed at 3600 BTC/day now.  
Within the next 10-15 years, the block reward will still dominate the cost of the mining network, unless the price collapses to single digits or the commercial usage  grows by orders of magnitude (which does not seem to be happening, on the contrary is seems to be stagnating or decreasing since Jan/2014).
When fees become important, it will be best for all miners if the minimum fees are as high as possible. Free market competition would lead to much lower fees, but, for that reason, the market is unlikely to remain free.  The miners will probably form a cartel to fix the minimum fees; if the cartel has 51% of the hashpower, it can starve any miner who accepts transactions with lower fees.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:31:51
But the point is that the price (for retail items at least) should be proportional to the utility received by the customer, not on the cost of each particular order to the merchant. The customer does not care for the technical reasons why his transaction costs more to process than some other transaction that sends the same amounts to the same number of recipients.
@_date: 2015-02-08 06:30:37
It it is not a "new (digital) currency", only a new (digital) means of transmitting an existing currency.  
USD, EUR, BTC are currencies.  Paypal is not a currency, just a means of transmitting USD, EUR, etc.  The bitcoin network is a means of transmitting BTC. Sending a paper wallet by mail is another one.
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:35:14
The ASIC mining rigs (which provide almost all of the bitcoin hashing power) cannot do anything else besides computing the proof-of-work SHA hashes required by the bitcoin protocol. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:07:50
Better accounts were posted before to this reddit.
MyCoin.hk (not Mycoin.com) may have had an exchange, but it was not significant.  The big scam was a cloud mining ponzi where clients bought contracts by ~53 000 USD and were promised fantastic returns.   As the article says,  there is an estimate of 3000 clients, often with more than one contract each.
One article identifies the missing owner as William Dennis Atwood.  Is he a known figure in the community?
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:01:47
The "FULLWIDTH" variants of Latin letters are intended for use in Chinese Hanzi texts.  Each Chinese character fills a square box.  Strings of Latin text embedded in Chinese texts can be encoded in Ascii and printed with a standard fixed-width font, chosen such that each pair of Latin letters is as wide as one Chinese character; or can be encoded as "FULLWIDTH" variants, and printed with a font where each Latin letter uses an entire Chinese character box.
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:43:07
I was refering to the BitLicense itself, not this revision.  He at least tried to make bitcon-specific regulations, instead of just saying "in our view, bitcoin exchanges are [some existing type of financial business], so they will have to comply with the corresponding rules".
@_date: 2015-02-23 07:28:35
It is not just exchange volume. Since Nov/2013, the price has been set by the Chinese traders, and the rest of the world has mostly followed them.  All major moves and trends were directly connected to news that are meaningful to them (like the PBoC decrees and rumors), while events and rumors that are only relevant to the "West" (such as "Dell accepts bitcoin") have barely any effect.
But, if China is so important for bitcoin trading, why arent the bitcoin media paying more attention to it?  
Note that the bitcoin media are not supported by traders or holders, but by bitcoin companies -- including bitcoin funds like  SecondMarket, Pantera, and the coming Winklevoss ETF.
Now try to imagine a bitcoin fund manager explaining to prospective cliesnts: "By investing in our fund,  you will be putting your life savings in the hands of tens of thousands of Chinese amateur traders who used to trade garlic and tea before they discovered bitcoin. The value of our fund's shares can easily grow 1000%, if only bitcoin finds a new market 10 times as big as Mainland China."  
See now why China must be declared irrelevant?
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:17:56
They don't need to know, of course; they will just guess, and if you don't have them, bad for you.   Haven't you heard about the bitcoin-based ransomware that is going around?
But, anyway, the person who gave you those 5000 bitcoins knows that you got them.  The store who sold you a car for 1000 BTC knows the address those BTC came from, and can see that it had 6000 BTC before the payment.  In fact, anyone who sees you driving a 1000 BTC car can guess that you must have several thousand BTC still.  
Note that the bandits can call you on Sunday 2 AM from another country, and demand that you send a million dollars in bitcoin to them within one hour.   They cannot do that with ordinary money -- whether bank, credit card, or cash.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:03:41
That may be solved by charging a flat fee *per output address* and discarding any transaction that has more than one output with the same address.  
Charging a percentage of the amount transferred is also reasonable because of the principle above ("price must be proportional to the utility received by the customer").
Moreover, if Western Union (or any delivery service)  charged only a flat fee of 1$ per remittance, there would arise parasitic services doing remittances with a 0.5$ fee per transaction, that just bundled many remittances into one and sent the bundle through WU.  Why should WU let other people collect fees that they could collect themselves?
@_date: 2015-02-28 09:14:58
Scratch-off technology is viable if people only buy the cards from fixed-location sellers and/or scratch them in front of the seller.  If people can take the  unscratched cards home, it is impossible to prevent a criminal from reading the key without scratching, or restoring the cover after uncovering it.
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:04:22
So, how much is a wonderful ZiftrCoin worth in the market now?
As many countries (and GAW victims) discovered the hard way, if you try to support a minimum exchange rate of your currency with a foreign currency, you will quickly donate all your money  to arbitragers, and then your currency will crash anyway.  
Ah, those bitcoin media outlets, always there when scammers need them...
@_date: 2015-02-12 13:35:22
But that bill is dated 2006, three years older than Satoshi's bitcoins.  Not fair.
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:39:33


And no professional should deploy a system for critical use without extensive testing.  Obviously that system was not tested at all.


There is absolutely no advantage in using the blockchain for a centrally managed election.   It does not ensure that all qualified voters will vote, it does not prevent fraud, it does not enable verification by third parties, it does not allow validation of claims of fraud, ir does not prevent voter coercion... 
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:53:49


That is by no means the only thing they can do.  Double spends is just a strawman that is easy to shoot down.
Bankers don't use their cartel power to just steal money from clients accounts.  They use it to keep competition out, and charge high fees that they could not demand in a free market.  A miner cartel with 75% of the power will do the same.
For starters, a majority cartel can starve other miners and collect 100% of the rewards and fees -- without changing or violating the protocol in anyway.
@_date: 2015-02-26 21:35:13
Whatever.  Just pointing out that the report is not exactly positive about *bitcoin*, as some articles seem to read it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 21:01:42
Actually there is no choosing: every user will start with the same amount of coins on both chains, whether he wants them or not.  If the cartel has more than half the hashpower, it can jam the "orthodox" chain, so the coins on tthat chain will be unusable, and everybody would have to download the cartel's version of the software to access their coins.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:19:59
Women are smarter than men.  This fact has just been confirmed once more.
@_date: 2015-02-04 05:22:39
Neo &amp; Bee business plan did not make sense, its prospectus was a joke, the "shares" were a joke.
Danny Brewster did not have any experience in banking or business.  A little Google investigation would have shown that he scammed people in England  before moving to Cyprus.  
Granted, Andreas was not alone in being too naive about Danny and N&amp;B.  The investors and his top associates should have done that "due diligence" before joining.  I find it amazing that no one bothered to do that.
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:33:29
They should warn common citizens about tempting FOREX "opportunities" (such as those that AdSense has been showing me since I started browsing bitcoin sites). 
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:49:18
Brazil has recently approved a broad "Civil Landmark" law on internet users rights that includes net neutrality.  It took several years of lobbying and popular education by civil rights groups, internet users, open source movements, and assorted nerdish entities.  Let's see whether it is honored.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:28:23
Coins sent to that address, at any time, can be fetched only with the corresponding private key. 
However, people recommend using new addresses whenever possible, because of the possibility that private keys may be stolen or leaked by accident.  (I don't know how much this precaution helps, though.)
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:40:00
Maybe I wasn't clear... See my other comment below.
@_date: 2015-02-10 15:21:23
It is an interesting thought, but the problem is how to prevent the miners from cheating by entering multiple "tickets" etc.  The proof-of-work puzzle (invented by Adam Back) was included in the protocol by Satoshi in order to prevent such cheating.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:45:52


For some sufficiently original definition of "best", yes...
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:35:17
So, most posters in this subreddit are trolls?  I almost only see the "bitcoin is wonderful" side here...
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:49:17
People who a few neurons in their skull will assume that it is a prank or some project, *and that the person who set them up is watching*.
If a complete idiot walks by, it will be fun to see which one he will pick.
@_date: 2015-02-16 01:12:54
From that chart, in the last 2 days there were ~300'000 new addresses per day, which for the last month varied between 175'000 and 250'000.  
It may be people withdrawing BTC in panic and reorganizing their wallets after the recent exchange hacks. 
It may be the hackers of those exchanges driving up the volume at the tumblers.
It may be some new service that exploits the blockchain for other applications.
Or it may be something else entirely.
It would help to know why the number has been varying so much over the last month...
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:22:29
People may think that I am joking or trolling, but that is the only explanation I can think of for the choice of "21 million".  And it makes perfect sense, at least for someone who really knows computing -- including the IEEE floating point and its use in Excel, gawk, etc.  Like Satoshi obviously did; and apparently unlike many of the "bitcoin experts", who can only deal with int and uint (and did not think of overflow in OP_MUL).
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:18:24
Negative words not considered, of course... 8-(
@_date: 2017-07-29 01:40:17
You miss the point: if you use someone else's software to manage you wallet, you don't control your keys either -- the developers of that software do.
@_date: 2015-02-27 21:48:11
Bitcoiners demanded special treatment, and Lawsky spent a lot of time hearing their wishes and trying to create a special license to accomodate them.  Now he is a villain because the resulting license proposal, that obviously had to respect laws and public interest, is not exactly what bitcoiners wanted. Humpf.
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:03:36


That is only as long as the cost of the network is externalized to the new investors, through block rewards.  In the future that you considered above, who knows what the fees will be.
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:48:49
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:00:59
I have identified myself several times here.  I am quite skeptic of bitcoin's long-term success (although I have no idea what the price will do in the next few minutes or years).  I think that it was meant to be just a computer science experiment, to test whether Satoshi's proposed solution (PoW  + block-reward + longest-chain-wins) would motivate miners to maintain the ledger and protect it against attacks.  The experiment succeeeded (except for mining centralization)  Even so, I think that bitcoin is not a viable competitor to PayPal and credit cards, for any legal market.  For that goal, patches are not enough, it needs a few more genial inventions; that have not been invented yet, and cannot be invented just by throwing VC money at it.  I dispute those claims by bitcoiners that I believe are wrong or miseading, and have no love for those who try to intentionally lie and mislead others into buying bitcoins for their own interest.  I post satire to making fun of things that I find ridiculous, and serious arguments here.
@_date: 2015-02-12 19:21:25
The Nobel Prize Committee should create a NobelCoin.  Only a handful will be mined each year, and the network would be regulated by POLRSW (Proof of Lifetime Revolutionary Scientific Work).
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:09:08
Good for the reminder.  It holds for dollar deposits too.
However, deposits and withdrawals take time, so speculators have to keep their working balances on the exchange, to react to sudden changes in price.
Also, securing the private keys on a private computer is not a trivial task.  For non-computer people, it may be safer to leave the coins in a reputable wallet site (with known address, and known owners that the police can arrest if necessary).
However, non-computer people should not invest in bitcoin anyway.
@_date: 2015-02-26 02:09:00
In my alternative proposal there would be no change outputs.  A typical merchant payment transaction will have one input address, the amount to be taken from it, one output address, the amount to be sent to it, and the fee amount (difference of the two).  The miners then will append to that transaction the updated balances of the two addresses and the pointers to their previous uses.
I am not sure I understand your scenario.  Someone gets a large amount deposited to his address X, then, *without waiting for the deposit to be confirmed,* issues many "checks"  to different merchants.  Is that it?  Indeed, in that case a miner may ignore some or all of the checks, for insufficent funds, if he looks at them before considering the deposit.  But, again, the client asked for that trouble.  If the bounced checks are returned to the queue for a while, they will eventually clear, after the deposit gets confirmed.  What is wrong in that?
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:33:20
Oops.  A couple of incidents like this one could be enough to convince a merchant to stop "accepting bitcoin".  Especially if the merchant himself does not understand what is going on, and has to talk to BitPay to figure it out.
@_date: 2015-03-26 18:58:24
[**This page**]( should be as "live" as one can get: 
@_date: 2015-02-14 23:21:48
Well, thank you again, all the best to you too.
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:26:39


The report right away mistakes correlation with causation.   There is no reason to believe that Willy could have caused the price to increase 1000%.
The cause of the Nov/2013 rally was the opening of the Mainland Chinese market.  That market was described in mainstream media articles like [**this one**]( although it was (not surprisingly) almost totally ignored by the bitcoin media.  That China was leading is confirmed by noting that, during the rally, Chinese prices were higher than on the West.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:21:53
If a voter complains "I did not get the email, and someone voted for me", how could others verify whether that is true?
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:23:00
Just curious: is MMM, Sergei Mavrodi's company, still a Silver Member of the Foundation?  If so, will he be allowed to vote?
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:36:01
Is "coinbase" all in lowercase also covered by the trade mark registration?
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:24:53
"Neutral net" is the internet that have known it for the last 23 years, a free market of services and contents.  If net neutrality is not upheld, the internet will be quite different, for worse.  The telcos do **not** want net neutrality because they do **not** want that market to remain free.  **They** want to pick winners and losers among the service providers, not let customers pick them.  Without net neutrality the choices of what you can access and provide will be centralized by the telco that severs your area.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:09:28
Also, the decision to make the inputs be UTXOs instead of plain addresses may simplify the implementation, but makes no sense from the customer's viewpoint.  Each input should specify just an address and an amount; it should be the system's job to scan the blockchain and compute the current balance of that address.
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:43:05
I thought that AI died out in the 1980s, and survived only in movies.
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:00:12
In the past there was no such risk because one of the banches was clearly buggy.  Who knows now.
Actually anyone can now create a clone (hard fork) of Bitcoin, with blocks and transaction requests lightly marked to avoind confusion, and start quietly mining it with a laptop.  Its commercial value would be zero, but still it could thrive, and grow if it found other volunteers.  Unlike a common altcoin, everyone who has any bitcoin would get the same number of these bitcoin clones, accessible through the same keys, and could use them whenever he wanted...
An amusing weird thought: the blockchain of this bitcoin clone could be branched off from a 2013 block before the MtGOX heist.  Then, in this blockchain, all those coins would still be in MtGOX's wallet.  Mark would have the key to that wallet, but he must have handed it to the bankruptcy trustee, who could be asked to distribute the cloned coins to the MtGOX victims. They would be worthless, but who knows ...
@_date: 2015-02-08 16:56:04


Netscape only took the idea from free WWW browsers, notably NCSA Mosaic, and made a commercial software product out of it. 
@_date: 2015-02-28 01:40:40
Neo was to be a bank, but it never got a license to operate.  (It also did not have a meaningful business plan, but shareholdres only noticed after Danny wormholed to Galt's Gulch).  Bee was to be a payment processor, but the software never got ready.
@_date: 2015-02-17 02:28:53
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:57:57
Oh, I thought you were referring to the medical use auth cards whatever.  8D
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:47:06
You bought a 119$ Trezor to protect 75$ worth of bitcoin?  Will the robber believe that?
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:09:30
That is still a **proposed** regulation, right?  Who will have to approve it for it to become effective?
@_date: 2015-02-05 12:35:22
Actually, usage for e-payments contributes little to the price, and spending coins that were hoarded helps depress it.
If it weren't for speculative investment (i.e., people buying BTC on the expectation of selling it for a higher price, minutes or decades later), usage for e-payments alone would put the price at 20 $/BTC or less.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:11:08
I don't think that is what "fungible" means.  
The government seized Ross Ulbricht's 180'000 bitcoins because he got them from an illicit business.  They could have done that even if they had been unable to trace the coins, and instead they had found a big pile of dollar bills in his house.   It is a subtle point, but the criminal taint of certain money is not attached to specific tokens of a specific currency.  
In your example, if the government blocked those 100 fedcoins, specifically, it is because they suspected that you knew that those 100 fedcoins were stolen or whatever; or, even if they believed that you were innocent, they confiscated your coins as a matter of policy, to discourage people from accepting large sums from shady guys.  If you had spent all the 100 fedcoins in innocent purchases at coffe shops, they would still come after you, not the coffe shops.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:15:16
No one said *good* professionals.  
Also I think he was never convicted of fraud; IIRC, he was sued for breach of contract in a *civil* case. The details of the case are quite, ahem, interesting, however.
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:32:07
And "the mark consists of standard characters without claim to any particular font style, size, or color."  Including "coinbase" all in lowercase?
@_date: 2015-02-11 10:55:48
Justin Bieber does not promise 1000% gains for investing in his memorabilia.  Bitcoiners do promise 1000% gains to people who invest in bitcoin.  That's the key difference.
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:42:40
OK. I see now that Bitstamp is storing their hot wallet with them; so that wallet is being insured by 250'000 USD, not the account of each Bitstamp client.  
Is BitGo supposed to be only a second-tier depositor, to be used by companies like exchanges and funds?  How much do they charge for their services?
@_date: 2015-02-24 12:41:35
They are the ones who dumped on 2014-02-10.  Gavin and other developers quickly dismissed Mark's claim, and the price recovered (to the decaying trend that had started on 2014-02-07).
@_date: 2015-02-11 10:38:02
A CPU has to fetch the instructions from memory.  That is one part of the computation that special-purpose hardware could do faster than a general-purpose CPU.  Pipelining for certain instruction sequences may be another.
A PC or laptop is also designed for many criteria and functions (such as sound) that will not be relevant to the proof of work.  At the very least, massive supercomputers will be more energy efficient than PCs and laptops.  So mining would still end up concentrated in a few large installations.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:48:03
To the customers of a merchant, Bitcoin and PayPal are the similar things: two ways to pay the merchant.  If bitcoin wants to compete in the e-payment market, it must dance to the music.
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:34:30
Not in the main code, but accounting tools and apps for bitcoin may use it.  In particular, it seems that spreadsheets like Excel store all numbers internally as double-precision floating point.  (That is a leftover from the time when computers had only 32-bit integer arithmetic, whose range is only about 2 billion; which is obviously not enough for accounting.  By using doubles they could get ~15 decimal digits.)  Numbers with more than 15 decimal digits are subject to roundoff errors.
Thus, by limiting the total number of bitcoins to 21 million, ordinary accounding with Excel  would be accurate to the last satoshi, even when adding all the accounts in the world. That is the best exlanation I can think of for the 21 million limit, and seems teh sort of detail that Satoshi woudl have considered important.
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:35:27
I would start by explaining the internet, like Einstein is said to have explained radio to a child:  "Imagine a cat.  A very long cat, with the tail in New York and the head in Los Angeles.  When you pull the tail in New York, the head meows in Los Angeles.  The internet is like that cat; except that it has many heads and tails, all over the world, and there is no cat."
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:17:02
There are many ways of stealing coins from a Trezor, especially if the owner believes that his Trezor is absolutely secure.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:09:06
It is something that an experienced computer programmer would think of.
If you write a file of int64 values and read them into Excel (or gawk, or matlab, several other popular apps out there) you may have some bad surprises, due to them using IEEE double internally for all numbers.  Like balances not closing, accounts being overdrawn, tests for zero failing, etc.  That is obviously a serious issue for a currency that merchants and accountants would have to deal with.
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:05:10
Various things:
+ More complicated than Paypal etc..
+ Higher risk of theft.
+ No chargebacks or error correction.
+ No customer support staff.
+ Slow confirmations.
+ Customer benefits are small or negative.
@_date: 2017-05-19 13:59:47
I am sure you can still find plenty of greater suckers to hold that bag for you.
@_date: 2015-02-04 13:20:30
Hades is the hell of Ancient Greeks.  I don't recall the Bible describing Hell much.  The popular picture was largely elaborated by Medieval theologians and priests.
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:17:17
I am sorry, I misremembered: it was not here on reddit, but a [**a post on on bitcointalk.org**](
EDIT: oops, broken link, fixed.
@_date: 2015-02-14 13:57:02
A service that promises fixed returns on BTC deposits is a ponzi scam with probability close to 100%.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:13:33


Actually they built teepees and canoes, and were thoroughly screwed by some jerks who came some 12'000 years later.
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:27:00
It is an interesting proposal. But, as happened uncountably many times before (including in bitcoin mining), we can expect that the largest service suppliers will grow faster than the smaller ones, and win any dirty-tricks battle against them; so the market will tend to become an oligopoly.
Also, one cannot at present replace the block rewards by fees, even though that would be the right thing to do.  As long as the miners have the block rewards, the rest of the market will be distorted.  (I wonder how many of the current 6000 nodes are run by miners, for example.)
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:16:16
Can't make sense of that article.  Is the author proposing to invest in an obscure altcoin as a way to protect one's money from bank failures?
@_date: 2015-02-07 11:58:40
The point I was trying to make is that it was a marketing gaffe *for an event in Brazil*.  (Did you know that the Ford model that was called "Pinto" everywhere in the world had to be renamed "Mustang" here in Brazil? 8D)
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:24:20


You have it exaclty backwards... Examples and more exampels show that unregulated markets quickly degenerate to monopolies or oligopolies.  While governments may be co-opted to help monopolies, they are the only agents that can prevent them.  You must pay attention to that when you vote.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:38:49


That is the point I disagree.  The principle that "price should be proportional to utility to the client, not to the cost to the merchant" is the result of free market forces: clients don't like merchants that charge unpredictable prices, that depend on the way the merchants choose to set up their operations.


The user will still be upset when he notices that very different fees are charged for the "same" transaction.  And he cannot predict the fees, or check whether they were correctly computed. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 17:15:11
It should be obvious why I post there rather than here (and why I cannot explicitly tell you why).  I have little love for Roger (and vice-versa), but I must admit that he does honor his word about freedom of expression.
@_date: 2015-02-18 11:16:43
It was their cold wallet that was hacked and cleaned out with a single transaction.
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:37:55


A funny concept of "friend" you have there...
@_date: 2017-05-21 08:25:49


Bitcoin being used by millions of people for legal payments -- because they find it better than PayPal or credit cards, not because they want to promote its adoption.  
The price is not a relevant measure of success.  Have you been introduced to [StolfiCoin]( yet?  If the price at exchanges is  100'000 USD/BTC, but no one would be able to sell 1 BTC without the price instantly crashing, then it would be a failure.  If  there is trading in the exchanges for that price, but no one is using it for payments, it would be a failure too.


It would only reinforce my prejudices about the government of Malta (or "fiscal paradises" in general). 8-)
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:32:12
Your employer would still want to declare your salary to the IRS as deductibe expenses.  So you had better declare it too. He will have to provide you with the proper statements for the IRS.
In the US at least, you may have to record each separate bitcoin payment that you received or sent, bought or sold, and the market price at that date.  
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:11:03
Ah, thanks.
@_date: 2015-02-22 20:40:27
But the coins were never returned to the clients, were they?
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:45:35
Wait, I want to change their name too.  They should be called 'Bitbanknotes'.  Watch the wiki, I will edit as soon as I get a round tooit.
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:25:57
Except when their head dev decides to "improve" the random number generator at 3:00 am, thus making all your new private keys easily guessable and revealing your old keys in the signatures of your transactions. 
Or when they decide to get their random seed from a website, and use the "301 Page Moved" error message as the seed, with the same result.
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:25:56
99% may be exaggerated, but e-payments for goods and services probably account for less than 5% of all blockchain transactions.  [**Here**]( is a summary by of various analyses that try to peel apart the blockchain traffic.
@_date: 2015-02-26 13:25:58
I don't see why the complexity is greater than the UTXO system.  You seem to be assuming change-back outputs, and the need for miners to worry about the order of transactions. 
Note that addition is commutative as long as the balance stays positive; and if it were to become negative during a sequence of transactions, you can just put aside any offending transaction for later processing, in arbitrary order, and the result will be correct in the end.
As for 3: hm, maybe... but are those consequences a bad thing?
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:21:16
Most sane people use currencies to facilitate complex exchanges of goods and services.  For that, what matters is how much value the currency loses betwen the time it is received and the time it is spent.  If the loss is 0.2% of their salary, they won't care, because it will be just an insignificant part of their cost of living -- much less than other taxes and fees, food, transportation, etc.  On the other hand, if the loss is 10% of their salary, they will be quite upset.  In either case, to them it does not matter whether the loss of value happened because the government printed more patacas, or because foreign banks dumped the billions of patacas that they had, or because some calamity reduced the production of wealth in the country.
@_date: 2015-03-27 06:38:44
Was Coinbase around in 2012?  Anyway, a real company like Coinbase must have a product or service, from which it should make profit, and therefore pay dividends.  Investing in a real company requires evaluating if its business plan is sound and its expectations of profit are plausible.  There are uncertainties, one can make errors, and there may be accidents; but a rational evaluation is possible. 
Coinbase, in particular, could make a profit (whatever happens to the price), if they get enough customers and can charge sufficient fees from them. (As for whether these things will happen, I rather doubt it; I would not invest in Coinbase either.  But apparently there are VC guys who think they may happen.)
In the case of bitcoin, no one has the slightest idea of what the price will be 10 years from now, or even 1 month from now.  Dozens of experts were asked in Jan/2014 and May/2914 to predict the price by Dec/2015; all were ridiculously wrong.  No one seem even able to explain why the price today is 250, rather than 100 or 1000.  The price is clearly holding itself up by its bootstraps, and can do anything.  The only thing that we know for sure is that, from the money put into the system each day by new investors (the money from which all gains of everybody else must come), miners are taking and burning 1 million dollars a day, which will never come back.  
@_date: 2015-03-31 08:32:35
OK, but MtGOX too "created" some 660'000 BTC that did not exist, and when it collapsed the owners of those bitcoins lost them -- just as when a bank goes bankrupt and cannot honor the account balances of its clients.
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:29:10
If Coinbase is at both ends of that operation, it basically receives euros in Greece and deposits dollars into the client account in the US.  Since the intermediate bitcoins don't leave Coinbase, they may not have to be transferred, or even exist.  Coinbase then turns bitcoin into a "virtual-virtual" currency... 
That may explain why they got so much VC investment...
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:27:41
Join with this guy and create a club:
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:57:06
OK, but then why should Patrick be quoted?  Does he have any special knowledge about Peter's job?
I recently saw a video of a talk by Peter, IIRC he said several times "we at Barclays" or something to that effect.  So, is that even news?
But the conclusion of the Intersango thing is relevant anyway, independently of the Peter Todd question.  2013 is not "remote past".  Our choices about how to relate to people obviously must take into account what they did in the past.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:04:46
The miners do something, but the bitcoins themselves don't do anything.  
Buying Amazon stock makes you a owner of a slice of Amazon, and of its future profits; whereas buying bitcoins does *not* make you owner of a slice of the network or of the protocol.  So, there is no reason why the eventual value of the network should carry over to the "market cap of bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-02-18 03:22:14
Wow, I missed that.  That was in 2013-01-28 when the difficulty was ~3 million.   What were people using to mine at that time? Were ASICs or FPGAs already on the scene?
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:12:40


In other words, if the 51% mining cartel were to make a small compatible change in the protocol, then all the users, who absolutely reject any change to the protocol, would immediately make a totally incompatible change to the protocol (that would send the 49% faithful miners to bankruptcy).  
Like the Americans did when the US government removed the silver backing of the dollar: they lost the trust in the currency, and they all switched to a new currency that they created themselves, solidly backed by granite.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:45:14
Sorry, I did not intend the word "plan" to mean anything more than "some people's (in particular, the previous poster's) vision of how sidechains would work".
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:26:48
You can use gold if you wish, but you (and Roger ver) are missing the point (which I hoped that would be easier to see with bread or garbage).
The market cap of a company is the total value of its **shares**, which is the value of the **company**, which is proportional to its **assets and profits**.  It is quite distinct from the value of the **product** that the company makes, processes, or distributes.   A company can have a large market cap while handling a worthless product, or vice-versa.  So, even if the bitcoin network renders a valuable service, it does not follow that bitcoins themselves will be valuable.
Ultimately, bitcoins will have value on their own only if they are used for e-payments. But you cannot just divde the expected (dreamed) volume of e-payments *per year* by 21 million to get the value of a bitcoin.  You must figure out the velocity of the currency, that is how may times the same coin will be reused per year; and also discount any BTC payments that are settled off the blockchain, e.g. by transfers between two Coinbase accounts.  And you must assume that the bitcoin network will be using the Satoshi20090103 bitcoin blockchain, and not some other blockchain or cryptocoin...
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:42:18
They may use the public/private key technology of cryptocurrencies (which is decades older than bitcoin).  They also mention decentralized ledger, but clearly have not given much though about how it would fit with their obvious viewpoint -- that a Central Bank must have control of the money suply, and bank accounts must be nominal, seizable, reversible, etc..
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:35:09
On Feb/10, Mark sent out a note blaming MtGOX problems on a bug in the bitcoin.  The wording of the note led many people think that the bug was a fatal flaw in the protocol.
@_date: 2015-02-15 16:13:20


That is exactly why net neutrality is important.  If a carrier signs such a preferential service deal with a specific provider,  that provider will have an essential monopoly in the area served by that carrier.  Other providers of equivalent content will be effectively shut off from those clients, and unable to compete with the favored provider.  The latter can then charge monopoly prices for its service, which of course will be much higher than the free market prices.  Both the telco and the favored provider will win; the customers and competitors will lose.


Net neutrality has been the rule since the internet started, and it allowed the internet service market grow as it did.  It allowed VOIP services like Skype break through the telco monopolies on telephone service and avoid their outrageous long distance call tariffs, for example.
The telcos have long battled against net neutrality because they (like the feudal lords of 500 years ago) want the power to run and concede monopolies on internet services, which are always more lucrative than free markets, even providing inferior service.  Last January the telcos won a court battle against the FCC on a technicality, and struck net neutrality down.  The FCC has been trying to plug that legal hole.  
By the way, the FCC was trying to enforce attempt to enforce **non**discrimination.
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:02:45
That is what customers would want, but is it really? 
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:59:07


Oops.  Which of the two "decentralized" should be "centralized"?
@_date: 2015-02-18 21:24:16
Thanks... But I understood that you *can* withraw bitcoins from those hedged wallets, only that the amount will vary with the price.  
So the advantage(?) of keeping your coins in Coinapult (for example) over keeping them in an exchange is that Coinapult automatically and immediately sells any bitcoins that you deposit there, keeps the dollars for you, and automatically buys the right amount of bitcoins when you want to withdraw them.  Isn't this so?
@_date: 2015-02-01 05:22:00
I know that it is just a proposal, and I hope that sanity will prevail.  But did I read correctly that it is undersigned by half a dozen legislators?
@_date: 2017-05-13 21:37:45


I *proved* that! It is not my fault if the definiton of "sidechain" in that paper had holes big enough to stuff my sofa in them...
@_date: 2015-02-13 17:49:14
Those companies are worth tens of billions because they actually *do* something (on a massive scale).  "Imagine if all the Beanie Babies were worth as much as Apple, then each Beanie Baby should be worth 10.000 dollars."
If we compare what Amazon does with what the 21 billion bitcoins actually do, the market cap of the latter should be exactly zero.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:31:35
I don't know about that bill (If it is indeed a "secret" bill, why aren't US Citizens storming and burning down their Congress for dong that sort of thing?)  
But net neutrality is about keeping the market of internet services and content a free market, instead of becoming a monopoly or oligopoly of the ISPs and telecomm carriers.  Net neutrality is about being able to send fully encrypted packets through the net. It is about being able to experiment with new services and protocols without asking permission to the ISPs and telcos.  It is about being able to set up a site that competes with an established service provider, without having service blocked or degraded just because the other provider has an exclusive contract with your ISP.
Claims to the contrary are misinformation by the telecomms who want to end net neutrality.  The telecomms do NOT want a free market, they want to take over the internet, end free market and earn more revenue from customers by striking exclusive deals with service providers.  They have been sponsoring such misinformation campaign against net neutrality for years.
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:37:25
Because bitcoin depends on the internet, and the internet is provided by big telecomm companies, which are very few in number, and very friendly with governments...
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:53:05
In the medium term, it does not matter whether bitcoins are traded on the exchanges or over-the-counter.  The markets are all connected, so increased demand anywhere will lift the price the same; if not immediately, perhaps over days or weeks.   
So Tim Draper already did help to prop up the price by buying ~30'000 BTC at ~600 on the first  auction.  So did all the guys (him included) who bought 50'000 BTC at ~360 on the second auction.  But clearly that is not enough, many more are selling now for ~220...
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:09:42
Well, some of the problems that people see in raising the block size would remain: it would encourage spam, make it harder for people to run full nodes, etc.
Reducing the confirmation time would be good by itself, though.
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:07:56
General-purpose computers (GPCs) are no longer viable for bitcoin mining.  For the same equipment and electricity cost, a GPC will perhaps yield only 1/1000 to 1/100000 as much BTC as a modern ASIC-based mining rig.  
Since ASIC miners are already near break-even,  setting a GPC datacenter to mine bitcoins would just cost millions of dollars with insignificant returns.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:17:12
What was the company's name?
Are these guys soliciting bitcoin investment?
Why should people authorize a rootcertificate to read a document?  Is this a hacking attempt?
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:41:52


This should NOT be done, it would cause untold confusion.  If a user wants to move, sell, or spend his gavcoins, it does not imply that he wants to do the same to his bitcoins.  Better let each user decide: if he wants to do the same operation on both coins, he must issue the transactions twice, each time using the proper version of the client software and a separate copy of his wallet files.
Exchanges and payment processors would have to choose which version of the coin they will work with.  If they can handle more than one cryptocoin, it would seem better for them to handle both bitcoins, since that would result in more volume and more fees.  Also, clients who want to use both coins would prefer to use sites that can handle both (only 1 registration neeeded).
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:06:06
If 320 milion USD were invested in bitcoin companies in 2014, and 250'000 jobs were created, that is about 1300 dollars per job.  Even if we add the 3600 BTC per day created by miners, valuing each BTC at 500 dollars, that is only 660 million new dollars invested in the system by buying bitcoins, which means another ~2700 dollars per job created.  So, who is paying the salaries of all those jobs?
@_date: 2015-02-07 20:03:37
An Ecuadorian citizen could pay a merchant in Ecuador with that system.  Presumably, to pay US merchant a US bank orpayment processor would have to be involved.
@_date: 2015-02-24 13:48:54
The protocol does not have the notion of "bad miner", for fundamental reasons.  Ignoring blocks and choosing the shorter branch of the chain, because "that miner is a bad guy", would be a fatal breach of the protocol.
Moreover, how will nodes recognize a block as being from a  "bad miner"? The block may be full of high-fee transactions that only move coins between addresses that belong to the cartel (so the cartel collects the reward AND recovers the fees paid).
What prevents the cartel from populating the network with 90% malicious pseudo-nodes that do the reverse -- fail to relay (or delay) blocks of non-complying miners?


I see it more like "we must believe that users have a vote, and a 51% mining cartel is no threat, because otherwise bitcoin is finished."
@_date: 2015-02-10 19:15:18
The original point was that people who have invested in bitcon (= bought bitcoin expecting it to increase substantially in value) are not impartial, and the reply was: people who invest in "fiat" are not partial either.  Well, no sane person invests in an ordinary currency like bitcoiners invest in bitcoins -- just holding a pile of it, expecting its value to go up.
And, moreover the value of a standard currency will not be affected by what its Wikipedia article says; whereas the value of a bitcoin depends entirely on other people being convinced to invest in it, which can be influenced a lot by what the Wikipedia article says about bitcoin.
So, a person who has a few thousand dollars in the bank can write impartially and dispassionately about the goods and bads of the dollar; whereas a person who has a significant amount of bitcoins usually wants to paint a positive image of bitcoin, hiding or minimizing its problems.
I have seen that when I tried to edit that Wikipedia article.  For example, there was a section "Risks" that listed *only* the "risks" that the protocol does *not* have (double spending and forging signatures), explaining why they don exist; and omitted the real risks (like lost, stolen, or weak keys, reused R-values, sending to the wrong address, 51% attacks, etc.)  I tried to move the former to "features" and list the latter, but the edits were reverted because, just because.
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:02:05
The blockchain that Satoshi started in 2009-01-03 is just one particular instance of the bitcoin protocol, that in turn is just a specific variant of infinitely many cryptocurrency protocols based on the original bitcoin idea (proof-of-work, block rewards, and longest-chain-wins).
@_date: 2015-02-01 15:40:41
I agree that he deserves no blame for Danny's scam, but he *was* a Neo &amp; Bee employee, for 3-4 months, with a fixed monthly paycheck.   The interpretation of that episode should be left to each reader.
@_date: 2015-02-14 13:19:56
Actually you have to hold until SMBIT enables withdrawals again, which may be "never".  (It seems that they intend to arrange for their shares to be traded on an exchange called OTCQX.  The plan may be "don't ask us to return your money, just sell your shares to some other sucker".)
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:12:15
The names of the two coins are a marketing / political issue, not a technical issue.  For this discussion, to avoid emotional distractions, the two version  should have been called neutral names, like ProCoin and ConCoin, or BigCoin and SmallCoin, or GavCoin and MirCoin (!), etc.
Technically the two versions will be on equal footing, so each player will have to choose which coin he will work with (even if it is by *not* updating his software).  If both have nonzero value, his interest is to work with both separately, since he can sell or spend both independently.
@_date: 2015-02-19 15:08:56
The Florida 2000 mess was caused by bad *digital* (if obsolete) machines that were supposed to make voting accurate, but did not allow voters to check the digital record.  Better machines with VVPT now collect hundreds of millions of votes every year, without major issues.  Paper votes can be counted locally at the end of election day, and checked with the digital record.  If and when the paper and digital records don't match --- which is extremely rare --- and the difference is significant, the election can be redone in that voting district.
But the important thing is that everyone can see how the system works, and even the losers cannot say that there was fraud.
@_date: 2015-02-05 12:28:14
From [**Crain's New York Business, 2014-11-11**](


@_date: 2015-02-16 03:22:22
Check the posts in the [**Trezor thread at bitcointalk**](  One example: thief installs hidden camera that can capture the PIN scrambling matrix on the Trezor screen as the PIN keystrokes are captured.  Then steals Trezor (or replaces by a blank one to gain time)
@_date: 2015-02-04 09:43:42
I have tried to point out (unsuccessfully, perhaps) that there is no value flow from Factom, and other applications that use the blockchain, to the bitcoin miners.  In other words, those blockchain applications just parasitize the bitcoin network.  Miners would still have to be paid, as they are now, by the investors who buy bitcoins to hold -- not by the users of those applications.
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:20:04
BitcoinWisdom's owner used to react immediately to posts on the feedback thread.  Now he takes weeks to respond.  I wonder if he is losing interest?
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:58:19
(1) Victims often are unwilling to seek the police because they were doing something illegal (such as not paying the due taxes).
(2) The victim may have no way to prove to the police that a theft took place.  If his coins were moved from address X to address Y, he would have to prove that he knew the key to X *at the time of the theft*, that the coins were his legitimate property, that he did not transfer the coins himself, and that neither he nor any friend/relative/accomplice of his knows the key to address Y.
(3) A bitcoin thief cannot be identified until he starts moving the stolen coins.  Even then, it takes some internet hacking, some luck, or some mistake by the thief to tie the bitcoin address to a person.  For example, if the thief uses some of those coins to buy something, and the cops identify the payment address as belonging to a store in a friendly country, they could subpoena the store for the address where the merchandise was delivered.
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:19:30
For example, it can threaten you with extra jail if you don't hand over the bitcoins to them.  
It can also hack your computer and/or the website where you download your wallet software from, to steal your private key or sign a transaction sending your coins to them.  (You did check the binary code of the bootloader in your Trezor, didn't you?)
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:42:18
If the US government really wants to trace the blocks through Tor, it will be able to.  
@_date: 2015-02-10 06:27:25
If it is a disputed but not negligible opinion, the article should say "John Smith and others claim that XXX" and put the references.  The article should not say things that are just the opinion of the editors.
EDIT: what opinions, specifically?
@_date: 2015-02-24 12:36:15
The flaw is the assumption that "if miners change the protocol, it would destroy the value of bitcoin".   That did not happen when the US abandoned the silver standard, and will not happen with bitcoin either.
As in the case of the dollar, very few people actually understand what the change means, and even fewer will care about it.  And fewer still will dump their holdings and stop using bitcoin because of it: they would scream and cry and grumble, but will continue holding because they have no choice.
(In fact, people who understand and care would have already dumped, because the mere fact that the miners *could* change the protocol is already a fatal flaw in the protocol.)
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:34:11


The question is not "is day-trading good for mankind", or "are the profits from day-trading morally justified".  The question is, "is day-trading profitable for the day-trader?"
Day-trading *can* be very profitable -- if you are lucky, or if you have better technical resources and/or information than most of the other traders.  But, in any case, any profit you can make from day-trading comes out of the pockets of other day-traders (or other speculators, e.g. naive investors who buy pumped-up penny stocks because their price is rising).  
Thus, the sum of the profits of all people who profit from day-trading is always less than the sum of the losses of all people who lose money because of it.  Unless you have some definite advantage over most other day-traders, your expected profit is slightly negative (because of trading fees and other costs).
Now, if you want to discuss the "benefit to mankind" aspect:  the claim above is what some day-traders tell themselves when they feel some vague uneasiness of conscience about their profits (or attempts to get them).  But is it true?
The profit of a day-trader generally comes when Alice wants to sell by $100 but Bob is willing to buy for $120.  If the two could trade directly, they would split that $20 difference between them: Alice would get more than she expected, and/or Bob would pay less.  
But if the two offers are separated in time (by a few seconds to a few days) or space (by being made on distinct marketplaces), a trader can pocket that $20 difference for himself, by buying from Alice for $100 and selling to Bob for $120.  
If Alice made her offer first, she *might* have appreciated receiving the $100 immediately, rather than $110 a couple days or seconds later; but she did not get to decide whether she liked that deal or not.  As for Bob, the intervention of the day-trader only took away his chance of saving up to $20 on the trade, without giving him any benefit.  The converse holds if Bob made his offer before Alice.
For Alice and Bob, it would be better if trading was centralized in a single order book, so that there would be no opportunity of gains by arbitrage (and no need for it).  
As for non-arbitrage day trading (offers on the same marketplace, but separated in time), a day trader would take the first offer (say, Alice's) only if he expects to grab the complementary order (Bob's) that gives him a profit.  He has no way to know that in a fair marketplace.  Then Alice's benefit (better liquidity, i.e. immediate sale) will occur only if some day-trader decides to gamble it.  
The liquidity benefit is ensured only of the day-trader gets to know the second offer (Bob's) before the first client (Alice) gets to know about it.  That would be the case if the day-trader is the marketplace operator, or a privileged client, who gets to see the offers before all other clients and traders.  Then the day-trader profit is ensured -- but the liquidity benefit disappears, since the trader only reduces Alice's wait by a few seconds.
@_date: 2015-02-27 23:02:32
OK, I can understand the complaint about the double paperwork, which is their second point.  But their first point seems to be that the BitLicense's AML/KYC requirements are *stricter* than existing federal and state requirements.  I wonder, how exactly?
@_date: 2015-02-10 06:43:02


Ahem, Microsoft is accepting *dollars* from BitPay for digital merchandise like XBox game points only.
And Bill Gates is not a "fan" of bitoin; he said that bitcoin is *not* good as a payment system because, among other things, d one must be able to reverse transactions.
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:55:27


Yes, but they are careful not to abuse so much that people take their cash out and bypass them.
In general, an entity that can jam a process can force those who depend on that process to accept anything that is not as bad for them as the jamming itself.   A cartel with more than half the mining power certainly can jam the blockchain, and users and nodes cannot prevent that without violating the central principle of the bitcoin protocol. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:11:52
In 2011 (most recent year for which I found data) there were ~98000 commercial bank branches in the US, and ~5000 armed robberies in the same; i.e. about 1 in 20 bank branches got robbed per year. 
Methinks that the rate for exchange hackings is still quite a bit higher than that...
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:35:40
That would be 2 trillion dollars, so yes the purchasing power of the dollar will drop as suddenly many people would want to but things that they could not afford before. 
However that would make the wealth distribution a bit less skewed (not much, because 10'000 USD will not make anyone rich).
Consumer goods industries and commerce will prosper, ditto for small personal services such as restaurants, home improvement, etc.
Under Lula, a socialist president, Brazil had an experiment like that, only moer modest: the government paid a "family grant" to millions of poor people (on condition that they keep their kids at school.)  The efect was just as above.  That is one of the reaons why Lula ended his second term with 80% approval, even among capitalist entrepreneurs, and was able to make his successor.  
The banks however hated him, because he refused to give taxpayers' money to them during the 2008 crisis, giving it instead to industries as low-interest loan (on condition that they did not fire any workers or cut pay).  As a result, the 2008 crisis is omething that we only read about in the foreign section of newspapers.  That is the other reason why entrepreneurs loved him.
@_date: 2015-02-15 09:26:01
Are candidates already required to identify the sources of the donations?  Or can they accept anonymous bitcoin donations from the Russian Mafia etc.?
@_date: 2015-02-22 21:25:42
What is it?
@_date: 2015-02-24 04:08:19
Is there a basic explanation of Peter Todd's "replace-by-fee" and "scorched-earth" stuff somewhere?
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:34:35
The problem is keeping the bitcoin miners connected over the whole world.  I am afraid that a hodgepodge of local meshnets will not have enough reach and/or bandwidth to do that. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:17:12
Just saying so does not make it true, and will not convince anyone who has looked into the matter.  The fact is, those VC investors are not putting their money quite where their mouth is.
Same goes, for instance, for the claim that Microsoft, Dell, and other companies "accept bitcoin".  We know what that actually means, and what it implies.  We know that the blockchain traffic volume is mostly *not* e-payments.  We know that [**perfectly exponential growth for six years does not guarantee future price increases**](  And we know what Bill Gates actually said about bitcoin....
@_date: 2017-05-20 20:56:27


If I did, forgot about it.  I always avoided making predictions.  I don't know of a rational explanation for it being 2000 now; how could I predict its price tomorrow?
I am sure that it will go to zero eventually, but I will not dare to predict when, not how high it can go before that.  It may well be zero next week.  It may be $3000.  How could *anyone* know?
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:26:33


Yes, they had better have a good margin, in case they lose some members or the faithful rally to the cause and put up extra power on their side. 
They will have to manage their resources between jamming the old chain and mining the new one; and the new one needs some temporary lowering of the diffculty so that the block rate can be maintained.   But if they have 60% of the total hashpower, they can keep 60% of the hashpower on each chain; and their position will become less critical as other miners switch to the new protocol. 


This has been called the "Red Button solution".  The new "rebel" coin will start with no mining network (since the faithful miners will be unable to mine it), and wil lhave to convince all exchanges and processors to carry it.  It is like the Captain and the Cook "defeating" a sailors mutiny by taking off in a small lifeboat and claiming that it is the true ship.
Rebel users cannot choose where they put their coins: the same coins will be available in all branches.  Their only choice is to ignore the coins that they have in the miners chain.  That will not make economic sense, unless those coins become instantly worthless. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 22:59:27
Well, it lets them say that their dollar holdings "are insured"...
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:36:56
Satoshi Nakamoto = Sauron?
One coin to pay them all,
One coin to tempt them
And in misery hodl them.
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:14:01
According to [**this thread**]( if they owe you a refund, they send you a letter asking if you would rather have it as USD, as BTC, or as one of those cloud mining contracts.  Guess which alternative is the default if you don't answer in time.
Ah, and those contracts are non-refundable, of course.
@_date: 2015-02-27 01:33:26
"But, anyway, most sane people do not care for why a currency is losing value."  That is what I wrote, literally.  
When bitcoin's value is stable and reliable, you may try telling the Venezuelans to use it instead of the dollar.  Until then, don't even try. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 05:51:56
It is *never* a technical failure, of course.  
@_date: 2015-02-01 03:44:30
More to the point: what benefit will this bring, and to whom?
@_date: 2015-02-05 11:03:17
On Qntra.net:
 2015-01-10
[**The Hard Fork Missile Crisis**](
Mircea Popescu, 2014-10-07:
[**objections to Gavin's roadmap**](
@_date: 2015-02-08 17:34:13
Well, the article was worth the popcorn!  
I did not know how close were the ties between Jed McCaleb (billionaire founder and 12% owner of MtGOX), Roger Ver (good friend and neighbor of Mark Karpelès, big account in MtGOX and voucher for its solvency) and Jesse Powell (emergency programmer in the 2011 MtGOX hack, now adviser through Kraken to MtGOX's bankruptcy trustee, a privilege for which *Kraken* paid a nice sum).
@_date: 2015-02-17 04:09:11


I mean a company that does what BitPay does with bitcoin, but with any other currency: accepts euros, pesos, flyer miles, gift cards, or whatever; converts them to dollars at the current market rate, plus fees; and sends the dollars to the intended recipient.
The points are (1) why give that privilege only to bitcoin and not to litecoin, dogecoin, or other "currencies", and (2) the bill cannot name specific companies, so it must describe what they do instead.
@_date: 2015-02-01 22:21:30
I swear that I do not think that he had any responsibility in the N&amp;B scam.  But the episode does say something about his ability to tell a sound bitcoin business proposition from a bogus one.  'Nuff said.
@_date: 2015-02-26 13:16:33
Thanks for the link!  But from reading that article it does seem that, indeed, the BadUSB tricks depend on the host computer trusting the USB device when it says "my class is X" , and then using the device automatically as if it was class X.  
For example, if the device says "I am a network controller", it is still the computer's decision to send all net traffic to that USB port.  As the article itself says, the "false class" risk would not arise if the ports were segregated by class, and/or the user had to confirm the class of each device that it plugs into a generic port.
(There would still remain the problem of an USB keyboard sending malicious keystrokes, or an USB disk having secret partitions for snooping; but those problems are not specific to USB, are instances of the general problem of malicious peripherals.)
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:04:01
If the miners can force a change in the protocol, they can do absolutely anything, including moving bitcoins without knowledge of the private keys.  
Before saying "that would be inconceivable", consider for example: a hacker steals 90'000 BTC from the USMS wallet, the US government demands them to be returned or they will criminalize the dealing with bitcoins and pur pressure on other governments to do the same.  Or a hacker steals all the coins from all the wallets of the major web-wallet provider.  Or...
@_date: 2015-02-19 02:18:33


But remember to take them out before cooking the rice.
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:59:01
You can manually trace the flow of bitcoins forward or backward using several sites, such as blockchain.info or [*this site*](
However, bitcoins get mixed and split all the time, like money in bank accounts.  If a transaction has two or more inputs, there is no way (even in theory) of telling which output bitcoins came from which input.
In particular, if you got your coins from an exchange, they came from a pool where bitcoin deposits from thousands of clients were all mixed together.  So it would be pointless to trace the coins further back from that point.
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:27:42
You can do that also with cars, houses, gold bars... But guess what, the IRS thought of that trick, too. And the FBI (or whichever agency goes after money laundering).
@_date: 2015-02-21 17:13:40
I just value my money and would hate to lose it.  Now, who pays you? Blockchain.info? 
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:09:39
The premise was that the enemies of bitcoin still control the state, banks, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:58:13
Glad to oblige. 8D
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:00:22
I don't see the word "investment" in there...
@_date: 2015-02-17 16:03:28
The time that an adder circuit takes to add two numbers is proportional to the number of bits, because a carry signal may have to propagate all across all the bits in some cases.  So their hack does make the adder block (and the SHA chip) faster, as well as smaller.  I did not read enough to see whether they consider the size too.
@_date: 2015-02-26 03:33:20


Slower than what?  Assembling the block is negligible work compared to the PoW puzzle.  (Aren't some miners using a single Raspberry Pi to do that part?). If it is just a bit slower than the current schema, it does not matter, it will be slower for all miners equally.  All signature verifications can be parallelized.  Candidate transactions that use disjoint sets of addresses can be easily identified by 64-bit Bloom filters and parallelized.  


Transactions will fail only if the client issues withdrawals to the same address without waiting until enough deposits have cleared to provide the funds.  (Note that there are no change-backs in this schema.)  Even then, if the failed transactions are returned to the pool, for some time, they wil be eventually cleared.  (Note that the ordering constraints are much weaker with "liquid money", there is no need to compute the right ordering.)  


Quite the opposite, it will be better for clients to avoid splitting coins among many addresses, and will allow many payments to be processed in the same block, in any order, once the source address has got enough funds.
Again, transactions may be delayed only if the client issues payments from an address without waiting for the necessary deposits to that address to  be confirmed.  That means issuing payments within minutes after receiving the necessary deposit.  In that case, some payments may be delayed until the next block after the deposit is confirmed.


That risk can be reduced by stamping the tx request with the hash of some block N, and never including it after block N+K.  If the timeout K is reasonably large (days, weeks) any such tx cancellations will be almost certainly deserved (not due to mis-ordering of deposits and withdrawals).  
@_date: 2015-02-10 15:06:26
Until two years ago, it was assumed as proved that altcoins would be dead at birth because of the "network effect" and the "first mover's avantage".  But altcoins did arise, and many are still alive after almost 2 years.  Their prices are declining, but so is bitcoin's.  So, those two advantages are obviously not enough to ensure that bitcoin will be the only survivor.
It was also claimed that any advantage that an altcoin could have would be easily incorporated into the bitcoin protocol.  People who are familiar with software projects knew that the claim was bullshit, though; and the block size controversy is making that clear to everybody, I hope.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:55:40
Pardon for asking, but since the election (voter registration, token mailing, vote validation) is centrally managed by the Foundation and/or that Swarm thing, what is the point of recording the votes on the blockchain?  
For example, if the Foundation failed to send the email to a voter, and voted on his stead, would that fraud be detectable?
@_date: 2015-02-20 02:08:32
How much would you pay for a dollar that was at one time in Al Capone's bank account?
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:39:17
Oh, Ok.  The second paragraph is indeed my view of what bitcoin was meant to be, and obviously is not the "orthodox" view.  But I cannot hope to change your mind, and what I have read over the past 15 months (including the whitepaper) did not change mine, sorry...  
@_date: 2015-03-04 14:00:27
Yes, I meant Nov/**2014**, when the price rose from ~320 to a peak of ~450 in 2 weeks, before resuming the year-long downtrend.  
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:16:46
You won't really understand bitcoin if you start with the premise that it is perfect, and all its parameters were chosen specifically with the goal of taking over the world.
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:09:27
That problem only exists because the inputs to a transction were defined to be UTXOs rather than addresses. 
It should have been the system's job to condense all past deposits and withdrawals involing a given address into a balance amount, and keep that balance updated (like banks do).  Requiring inputs to be UTXOs instead of addresses simplified the programing a bit (perhaps, not sure yet) but created that totally unnecessary complication for wallet software, that of keeping tract of UTXOs and selecting them.  It also made the fees depend on details (the way an address is split into UTXOs) that are not under the user's control.
@_date: 2015-02-17 08:26:37
If the computer you use is not trusted, it can generate low-entropy keys that the thief can enumerate.  Or it can leak the key in the signed transaction by using guessable or repeated R-values.
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:42:15


Well, agreed, it was not a *mis*carriage.
@_date: 2015-02-19 09:49:23
Watch this space. I will soon post a lecture of mine where I explain that, in his lectures, Einstein actually meant to say that the Earth was flat; and that Newton was a genius, but did not understand mathematics.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:12:52
Satan, aim, shoot, ok?
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:24:20


I don't know about Branson, but Bill Gates was rather negative about bitcoin as a payment system.
It seems that, each time Gates's opinion is mentioned, it becomes a little more positive about bitcoin.  Give it another month, and we will read that he has converted his whole fortune into bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-11 17:53:01
I don't mean that they planned it since the beginning, but since they have the money transmitter licenses, they can operate also as a dollar-to-dollar processor; and, as such, they would probabl have a *lot* more volume than what they could get as a bitcoin-to-dollar or dollar-to-bitcoin one.
EDIT: That could also explain how they got so much venture capital...
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:33:27
Some numbers would be nice:
What is the fee charged by that ATM?
How many dollars per month is Overstock receiving via bitcoins?
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:44:41
No much use if the person cashing out the bitcoins is in some wild-west or non-cooperating country.
@_date: 2015-02-08 16:15:15
Can you explain more? Is the total amount wrong?
@_date: 2016-07-15 12:27:49
Actually, bitcoin is like Bruce Willys in his best film role: it has been dead for a while, but has not realized it yet.
Bitcoin today is an internet payment system run by 6 companies in China and Ukraine, and a few other small fishes that those 6 allow to swim in their pond.  It is no longer a "distributed p2p payment system that does not depend on trusted third parties".  It is a slow, unreliable, very expensive *centralized* payment system, limited to a few transactions per second.  Those companies could provide much better service to a lot more people and at much less cost, by using a traditional mirrored database.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:22:26


"You'd better send 5000 BTC to this address right now, or you can say goodbye to your spouse/kids/favorite organ."
You are right, bitcoin is very unlike fiat in that regard.
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:54:19
But signals do not propagate at the speed of light in a wire, do they? The wire must get charged to the desired potential, and its capacitance is linear with the length. Also the resistance must be significant, so propagation may be a diffusion wave, that takes quadratic time.


OK, so most of the delay may still be at the gates rather than at the wires.
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:36:42
I am not giving any advice... If it is that bad, I am really amazed at the hardware designers' stupidity.  Arent' those dirty USB tricks depending on stupid BIOS code, at the very last?
@_date: 2015-03-30 16:15:23
Does there exist an algorithm that allows one to recover a private key from a blockchain address?  Or forge a valid signature for a transaction after changing its value?  There is no proof that such algorthms don't exist.
For the protocol to work, a majority of the human players must act in certain ways under certain circumstances.  There are monetary incentives for them to do so, but obviously one cannot prove that they will do so, in any sense of "proof".  One may find such assumptions "very likely" or "almost certain", but they are subjective convictions, not hard facts, much less mathematical truths.  
For example, some people are "certain" that the top 4-5 mining companies will never want to conspire to change the protocol; I find it very likely that, sooner or later, they will.  Some people are "certain" that everybody will jump ship and move to some "rebel" clone of bitcoin if the reward schedue is messed with; I am quite sure that, with a little bit of marketing and spin, very few people will care, and it will be business as usual.  An so on.
@_date: 2016-07-15 01:49:59
Every investment has risks and involves *some* luck component.   But a good investment actually creates concrete wealth or provides some useful service; and the profit comes from that new wealth.  So, it is quite possible for *everyone* to make a profit by investing in stocks.
But gambling, unlike good investment, is *mostly* a matter of luck  An "investment" in a gambling game does not create any wealth; the game just moves money from some people to other people.   In gambling, it is mathematically impossibe for *everyone* to win. There *must* be many losers, who will provide the profit of the winners.  Indeed, the average (expected) profit of a gambler *must* be zero or negative.
@_date: 2016-07-31 04:59:43


No, that is according to *your* definition.
Your definition was "the currency is fungible if any two units are interchangeable".
My definition is "the currency is fungible if any two units can be interchanged without either party objecting".
It is just quibbling at words, but by your definition cars are fungible, whereas by my definition they aren' t.
But anyway, my point is that many bitcoiners (like the OP) are misusing the word "fungible".  I understand what they mean by it, but that is not what the word means outside this community.  In the proper sense of the word, bitcoins are perfectly fungible.  What bitcoin lacks is that other thing.
@_date: 2016-07-16 20:32:31
The production cost is not by itself a determinant of price.  The cost for a particular gold mine may be 2500 USD/oz, but that does not make the price of their gold (or any gold) be the same.   And there are zillions of examples of things that were produced at very high cost but now have zero or negative value.
Moreover, the causality goes the other way: the miners will adjust their hashpower (by expanding or turning off their equipment) until the total cost of mining is less than 72 x 12.5 = 900 BTC per day.  That is,  the market price of  bitcoin determines the cost,  not the other way around.
You could argue that producing coins *in the bitcoin blockchain* is expensive, and that gives high value to *bitcoin*.  But there is no technical difference between bitcoin and any altcoin with the same protocol but different genesis block.  If many bitcoin miners switch to mine the altcoin, because it is more profiable, then the cost of mining 1 BTC would drop.  Would that make the older bitcoins (produced at much highr cost) more valuable than the younger ones?
Without speculative hoarding, the non-speculative demand would support only a very low price, less than 10 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-03 12:48:08
Is the GBIT fund insured against loss of the bitcoins?  (The COIN ETF will not be, they say so in their SEC filing.)
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:43:20
Like [this](
@_date: 2015-03-06 05:36:57
We know how much the mining network will cost, *in BTC/day*, at any time in the future; that is determined by the protocol.   How much energy it will consume depends on that number, on the price of BTC, and on the price of energy.
For example, consider some time in the future when the block reward will be 1/4 of what it is now, namely 900 BTC/day instead of 3600 BTC/day.  Suppose 1 BTC, at that time, will be worth 100'000 of today's US dollars.  Then the mining network will cost 90 million USD/day.  Because of free market economics, most of that (say, 2/3) would be electricty costs.  So bitcoin mining will then consume, every day, 60 million dollars worth of electric energy -- no matter how cheap or expensive the energy will be. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:02:59
According to [**this site**]( on 2014-09-10 there were less than 1.2 million addresses in the blockchain with at least 0.01 BTC (at least 5 USD) in them.  It seems a safe guess that there are at most 1.2 million people who actually use bitcoin in the whole world. 
Now, 5.6% of the whole US population would be 17 million people.  Assuming that they surveyed only adults 21-65, which are 70% of the population, and the rest never used, that would give at least 12 million people in the US who have used bitcoin.
So, if the CCR survey is correct, it would seem that less than 1 in 10 among the people who tried bitcoin did go on to become user of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:30:32


The number of unspent TXOs can grow to trillions...


Isn't that a problem with UTXOs too? Isn't that the reason why six confrmations are recommended for important payments?


The timestamp "N" would have to include the hash of block N, and the limit K woudl be fixed by the protocol, not by the client.


They won't be rejected, only delayed until after the deposit confirms (unless the deposit takes more than K blocktimes to be confirmed)


This and other problems that you mention are routine for banks.  Clients and banks understand them and what they have to do to cope with them.  There may be delays and confusions, but  in the end they can be resolved without double spends or overdrafts.  I can't believe that this "liquid money" logic, that is familiar and natural to 90% of the adults, cannot be made to work in a decentralized setting, just as bitcoin made the "banknote" logic work.


OK, no problem, thanks again for your time...
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:56:19
Ideally the blockchain should be organized as a tree rather than a linear list, based on the output addresses.  Then I believe that the ordinary client could send a transaction after downloading only log(N) blocks, instead of N; while the miners would have to broadcast log(N) blocks per mined block, instead of just one.  
Peter Todd has hinted that he is working on something of this sort.
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:09:30
That choice was probably a bit of laziness.  A more gradual decay would have been better, but it would have required a small table of values per octave, a couple dozen lines of extra code, and another paragraph or two in the whitepaper.  Moreover, since the decay rate and starting amounts were arbitrary, the block reward would have been "wrong" anyway, only a more sophisticated kind of "wrong".
I don't think that Satoshi expected bitcoin to be a highly visible and overhyped investment option, with people's fortunes hanging from it.  To me, bitcoin was clearly intended as a technical experiment to test whether (block reward)+(proof of work)+(longest-chain-wins) would motivate people to mine and protect the public ledger.  In that context, if reward halving caused half of the miners to stop mining, or the price to jump -- so what?  It would even be an interesting "stress test" of the system.
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:24:04
The opposition is making loud noises, yes.   
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:12:47
Smart guys will now invest into companies that make garden shears.  The government will surely order a couple million, to add to the standard toolkit of their cyberdetectives and cyberswat teams.
@_date: 2015-02-09 20:47:28
You should not trust hardware wallets from random sellers or from stores that cannot prevent replacement by malicious fakes. Trezor, in particular,  ships directly from CZ or through Amazon using Amazon's secure warehousing facilities.  
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:53:24
I tried working on that article a couple of months ago, but there were a couple of rather stubborn pro-bitcoin editors who would not even accept my style edits, and gave up.  I will have a look at it later today.
@_date: 2015-02-12 14:34:15


At present the block size does not seem to be affecting the confirmation time, since most blocks are still below the 1 MB limit (where can we find this statistic?).  Increasing the block size will prevent that time from increasing in the future, but it will not reduce it.  The expected time for each confirmation will still be about 10 minutes, no matter how big the blocks.
@_date: 2015-02-20 16:29:01
Several posts in the Trezor bitcointalk thread, for example, recommend that people keep nearly-empty decoy wallets in the Trezor to fool robbers. (The Trezor can keep several wallets but does not tell that they exist.)
Before the Silk Road details came out, it was almost a consensus that the government could not seize your bitcoins if they did not have the key.
@_date: 2015-02-12 13:47:08
Hiding messages in other innocent-looking messages is called "steganography".  Given that today you can fit in a thumbdrive the full personal and biometric data of all secret agents in the world, and carry that in your pocket trough airport security, steganography is not quite as sexy as it once was.  
The blockchain in particular is not ideal for that purpose: it has relatively little capacity for hidden messages, it is not widely accessed (probably less than 100'000 people will access it regularly), and probably watched by many spooks already.  A viral video on YouTube can have 10x as much access.
@_date: 2015-02-15 21:03:32
CoinDesk, as (mis?)quoted by that article, makes the same mistake that he accuses the HK press of doing, only in the other direction.  The 8 million USD figure is what was reported from the 43 investors that have sought the HK police.  However, I have seen two videos of MyCoin.hk conventions where there seem to be a lot more than 43 people.  It seems unlikely that all investors would have sought the HK police (How many live elsewhere?  How many were evading taxes?) or attended those conventions.  The true amount probably lies somewhere between the two extrema.
@_date: 2015-02-21 10:54:12
Yes, that is why Satoshi went on to other projects.
@_date: 2015-02-05 11:14:51
I don't see why it would make a difference. IIRC there have been other convictions for drug-related crimes involving bitcoin, so the DPR trial would not create new jurisprudence or anything.  
Perhaps he waited for the trial to be over in order to get the attention of the community.  But then he should have waited another couple of days, for the media to forget the trial.
@_date: 2015-02-11 10:30:36


It is still not known whether P is easier than NP.
Anyway, P and NP are theoretical complexity classes that are totally irrelevant to practical computing.  For example, strictly by the definitions, finding the private key of a bitcoin address is not only in P, but can be done in O(1) time and memory.
@_date: 2015-02-26 02:22:33
PS. I suspect that the reason for the UTXO based accounting may be that Satoshi wanted a digital version of *cash*, rather than a distributed *bank*.  UTXOs would be the digital version of banknotes.  When you spend cash, you spend specific banknotes (whereas, when you issue a bank check, you are taking a scoop from a barrel of  liquid money).  If a banknote is larger than what you want to pay, you give the whole banknote and get another banknote as change back.  And so on.
But the analogy breaks down because bitcoin "banknotes" had to be divsible and joinable, so momentarily they are "liquefied" like money in a bank account.  But then, why not just use the same "liquid money" model that banks use?
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:05:52
Sorry, I understood that you were asking what one could expect from the following people:


@_date: 2015-02-11 19:58:13
But then what would it mean for banks to "adopt bitcoin"?
@_date: 2015-02-28 14:37:38
The "Board of Directors of Bitcoin" recently hired a marketing firm to improve the public image of their "product".  Could these surveys be related to that?
@_date: 2015-02-25 13:01:16


People who believe in all-digital internet-based voting systems usually do not understand the concept of "testing".  I could tell you a couple of very amusing confirming examples here in Brazil, but the stories are longish and I have the time now.
@_date: 2015-02-19 15:17:48
And in Estonia they even had smartphone voting.   Many countries have less-than-perfect voting systems.  (Brazil has arguably the absolute worst digital system, a counterexample to almost all the principles of voting systems design.)  
The countries that allow absentee voting are assuming that the risk of coercion is negligible.  The problem is that the conditions may change, and if the risk becomes significant it will be too late to make voting secure.  Even in Europe, for local elections in certain places (like Ukraine, the Basque Country, Naples, ...) the risk of voters being intimidated may already be significant.
@_date: 2015-02-22 11:50:09
The point of the argument is **not** so much "in case of a robbery, leaving money in a bank is safer than storing bitcoins in harware wallets" (although I believe it is).
The main point is "in case of a robbery, storing bitcoins in harware wallets will not protect them either".  That claimed virtue of bitcoins and hardware wallets is false.  Can we please kill it?
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:27:51
Thanks for replying.  I am almost sure I only saw you tweet in 2013, so it may have been a retweet, or I was browsing your old tweets.  
(As for me, I am very skeptical about bitcoin's future, for many technical and practical reasons.  The price may even recover and rise for a while, who knows; but, apart from short and medium term speculation, I don't see how it could fulfill any of the goals that have been attached to it...)
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:49:44
Are they the ransomware guys, who encrypt all the files in the victim's computer (even at government agencies) and demand ransom in bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-02-21 13:06:10
I don't think that the 15 minute timeout has anything to do with the block confirmation time.  The latter starts counting AFTER you send the bitcoins, the timeout starts when the bitcoin payment form is displayed to you.
One possible reason for the timeout is that BitPay computes the BTC amount due using the current market price, and they will take a loss if the price drops too much while waiting for your answer, sice they must send the fixed dollar amount to the merchant.  (However, this may not be a big concern to them, since they take hours to sell the coins at the exchanges anyway.)
Another possible (and more likely) reason is ensuring prompt response to the merchant.  When the customer clicks "pay with bitcoin", the merchant redirects the customer's browser to the BitPay's server, and has to wait for BitPay to respond.  If there was no timeout, the merchant could be left waiting for hours, and would not know who is to blame for the delay -- the customer, BitPay, or his own internet connection.
@_date: 2015-02-05 03:00:44
All the evidence points to the rally of Nov/2013 being due to the opening of the Mainland Chinese market.  [**This article**]( claims to describe the demographics of that market: basically, amateur commodity speculators who do not care about the nature and future of bitcoin, but love it for its volatility. 
My conjecture about the downward price trend over the last year is that those traders are getting increasingy disapointed with bitcoin, therefore they are selling their coins and taking their yuan out of the exchanges. 
Since bitcoin pays no dividends, day-trading it is a zero-sum game (actually, slightly negative-sum because of the overall price decline).  That means that someone's  profit is someone else's loss.  As a group, the ordinary traders will steadily lose money to the fast-trading robots of the more prefessional traders (and also perhaps to self-trading by the exchange owners).   Traders who keep lonsing money month after month will probably quit.
Another factor is that the Chinese stock exchange has been more profitable than bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:19:59


Sure.  But I have seen many bitcoiners claim (before the DPR bust, of course) that bitcoin could do just that.
@_date: 2015-02-18 21:28:39
I belive that, in other markets, a bold prediction made by the seller of a security may bring him trouble if it is not carefully hedged and backed by sound arguments.   Fortunately for bitcoiners, the SEC does not see bitcoin itself as being under its mandate...
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:28:52


And indeed they don't.  Can you give me an example where property is meaningful without relying on a powerful authority? 


Why?  All of them sincerely believe that the land "should" be theirs; and I cannot easily dismiss any of the claims in terms of "moral right".   Why should the guy who planted the trees, for example, care about a deal between two strangers in another town?  
@_date: 2015-02-15 20:44:11
And 50% chance that he is Satoshi Nakamoto.
(Well, either he is, or he isn't; and [reason alone cannot help us decide between these two possibilities]( so we must assign 50% probability to each...)
@_date: 2015-02-13 00:42:43
Worth watching, whatever you think of bitcoin and banks.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:13:30
This can give you some raw data:
This article includes some of my analysis of that wallet:
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:11:01
That saying apparently originated in Indian Buddhism and was used by Chinese philosophers Sengzhao (374-414 CE) and Jizang (549-623 CE) when discussing language and meaning of words.
@_date: 2015-02-26 18:26:12
Markets are all inerconnected.  If there is bulk trading OTC above market price, brokers will rush to buy coins in small lots on the exchanges to sell big lots to OTC buyers.  Conversely, if OTC prices are below market, brokers will buy OTC and sell piecemeal on exchanges.
Price diferences between OTC and market will exist only if there is some additional reason, e.g. the coins are tainted, or buyer and seller had a contract since some time before
@_date: 2015-02-15 22:52:30
An inside job is quite likely, but carelessness+hack cannot be excluded either.  
If the owner can take something out of somewhere, a sufficiently clever thief can always do the same.
From the looks of their [**cold wallet traffic**]( it seems possible that they had some automatic hot/cold balancing robot running somewhere, that moved +15 BTC lumps hot-to-cold and -100 BTC cold-to-hot.  If that is what they did, the hacker could simply have inserted a few lines of code in that robot...
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:22:35


"You'd better send 5000 BTC to this address right now, or you can say goodbye to your spouse/kids/favorite organ."
You are right, bitcoin is very unlike fiat in that regard.
@_date: 2016-07-06 21:21:29


Well, they weren't, that is the point -- not for the lack of technology, but lack of good use cases.
Micropayments could be implemented fairly easily and efficient with a centralized server, like PayPal.  Once users and service providers have registered with the server, they can send money to each other very quickly and at very small costs.  That is how ChangeTip and 21inc do it.  
A decentralized network like the bitcoin makes micropayments much harder, not easier. Even with payment channels, each user-service pair must set up a channel before they can send micropayments. The channel set-up may take from minutes to a day.  Even then, each channel payment requires both parties to have their wallets on-line and exchange messages back and forth through some p2p channel.


Those too were held back by obstacles other than technology.  In the case of VR and AR, the situations where they would be useful seem less plentiful than was originally imagined...
@_date: 2016-07-16 18:40:13
The Chinese volume is high because they don't charge trading fees.  That encourages more users, more trades per user, and more bitcoins per trade.  The second factor may be considered "volume inflation", but the other two factors still give legitimate volume.
MacDonalds has lower prices than Maxim's, but that is no reason to dismiss the fact that they serve a lot more meals than Maxim's. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 11:29:40


Check the controversy about increasing the block size to see how hard it is to replace a flat tire while the car is in motion.
If an altcoin wins in the marketplace, by the time bitcoiners admit that its design is better, it will probably be too late to fit its key features into the bitcoin protocol.  And it may be impractical to do so. (Consider: why do we have so many programming languages?  Why did languages like Modula-3 and Algol-60 die out, if they could have included the features or more successful languages?)
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:09:13


In the old days of yore, a Frenchman was traveling by train in England, and observed the passeger seated before him -- an English gentleman, with bowl hat and all -- as he was reading *The Times*. After methodically scanning both sides of each leaf, he would carefully tear it off, crumble it into a tight ball, and toss the ball  out of the window.   Soon the curiosity impelled the Frenchman to ask:
'Excuse me, Sir, but why are you doing that with the paper?'
'To keep the elephants away', replied the passenger.
'Elephants? But there are no elephants in England!'
'Of course not. See how well it works?' 
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:58:22
I don't think there are many of those, the chance of them spending time editing a wikipedia article is nil.
No one (except perhaps mentally impaired people, or some criminals) would invest in a currency.  People who use dollars and banks do not have to love them.  People who do not believe in bitcoin do not need to love dollars and banks. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 03:49:45
Didn't she talk about crypto once on her show? I read that she found it cute that there was a Dogecoin for dog lovers, a Catcoin for cat lovers... Or am I mixing up with some other show?
@_date: 2015-02-14 22:23:30
Thanks again.  But, how come you haven't put me on ignore yet?  Do you need to get a life too?
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:12:39


Come on.  In the last year I have seen literally hundreds of posts and videos telling people to invest in bitcoin because bitcoin was *sure* to "go to the moon", as "proved" by the historical trend, by its scarcity, "network effect", etc.  


Also 
@_date: 2015-02-19 12:02:51
Note that this is *not* an official investigation, it is only WizSec's theory.  There is an ongoing police investigation, which is not collaborating with WizSec's in any way.  The police has important data (such as bank records) that WizSec does not have.
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:17:11


Whoa, they found the real Dread Pirate Roberts? 8D
@_date: 2017-07-22 07:06:03


As I wrote, gold has always been valuable because it is a metal with unique properties.  In antiquity it was valued for ornament (jewelry, gilding) and some utilitarian uses like cups, clasps, etc..  It came to be used as money because of the value that came from those uses -- not just because it was scarce.  
Today gold is still sought for jewelry and industrial use, and these uses are still what gives it a floor value. However, some value may remain by "inertia" from its previous use as money as well; and, in my estimate, 3/4 of its current market price is just overprice created by speculative trade (people buying gold because they hope that it will retain or increase its market price). 
@_date: 2015-02-08 02:54:16
Fact 0: the price went from ~120 to ~1200 because bitcoin was adopted by Chinese [semi-amateur commodity traders]( and is still largely set by them. Because of Fact 2, they cannot use bitcoin for anything except hoarding or day trading, so they do not care about  news of infrastructure and such that are only relevant to the West.  Moreover they seem to be losing interest (not surprising, since day trading bitcoin is a zero-sum game), dumping and leaving.
Fact (4) may be true, but the conclusion "every man and his dog who knows about bitcoin is bullish long" is probably false.  I know many people who know what bitcoin is (including a couple of cryptography experts) and not one of them would put a cent into bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:35:32
Well, that is just the available data, the analysis is up to readers.
The data published by SMBIT are the "Nominal Share Value" (basically the market price of 0.1 BTC), the "Net Total Assets" (basically the dollar value of the bitcoins that they hold) and the "Actual Bitcoin Holdings" (published only once in a while).   [**This data was collected by user  of bitcointalk.org**](
From this data,  computed the "Estimated Bitcoin Holdings" for each day.  It should be the (Net Total Assets) divided by (10 x Nominal Share Value), but some adjustment is needed to account for fees, so as to match the posted Actual Bitcoin Holdings.  
The last graph "Estimated Accumulated Investment" was computed by me; it is the total amount of money invested by the SMBIT clients up to each date.  Thus, for example, as of yesterday the clients clients appear to have invested ~68 million USD in the fund, while the value of all the bitcoins held by it is ~30 million USD.
EDIT: Also, one can see that there has been practically no net investment since May 2014, except for 10 M USD in Nov 2014, in four weekly installments.  Note that since 2014-10-29 the fund has suspended redemptions (withdrawls, liquidations).
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:35:19
The timestamp on each block is set by the miner who mined it, and miners are not required to keep their clocks accurate or synchonized.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:21:50
The miners could append to each transaction that they verify the updated account balance of each address in it, and the index of the block&amp;transaction where the previous use (and balance) of that address appeared.  Then the only thing that they would have to check is whether that was indeed the last previous use of that address.  That seems no harder than having to check whether an UTXO is indeed still "U".
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:44:30
Interesting. That was 6 months ago (2014-08-13) so ~4 months after he ran away.   But the bullshit is characteristic of his earlier posts (e.g. point out that he had a return ticket, as if that somehow neutralized the fact that he did not return...)
Presumably he is scamming other people somewhere, under a false identity.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 12:32:02
If it does not drop bitcoin once it becomes a full competitor to PayPal...
@_date: 2015-02-08 14:51:50
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:51:55
Right, I was including the miners' profit as part of the cost (i.e., considering that the miners are external entities that provide a service to the "bitcoin system").
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:54:26
I don't think that there is an official definition of "cold wallet".  
The schema conjectured above could have been sufficiently safe if the balancing robot was sufficienly well protected.
E.g. it could require cooperating processes in two separate offline computers, with different operating systems, that communicated only through USB cables or such.  
This system would not need any connection to the main exchange server. It could monitor the two wallets in the blockchain, and issue the tx requests directly to the internet through Tor.  The staff at the main server would not even need to know where this system was located and who ran it.
Needless to say, the staff running this system could still hack it.
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:48:55
Those are only the exchanges whose charts are available in the West.  There are several others.   It would be useful is someone with access to Chinese sorces could do a substantially complete list, with host names and monthly trade volumes.
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:38:40
Why do people call it "new digital currency"? It is just a mobile-based digital *payment system* run by the Central Bank, using the country's official currency -- the plain old US dollar.
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:54:19


Sorry, I still don't see them...


The number of TXOs that have been spent (and those that are still unspent) keeps growing too.  How do you check that an input to a transaction is still unspent?
If transaction requests have limited validity, the table of transactions already processed needs to include only the transactions in the last K blocks; any transaction timestamped before block N that is received after block N+K has been solved will be rejected because of that criterion, whether it was processed or not.


You can do that with address balances too.  Conflict only arises if the payment depends on unconfirmed deposits. Once the deposit is confirmed, one can issue arbitrarily many payments drawing from those coins without risk of conflict; and they can be processed in any order, even in the same block.
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:58:24
All these sources must be a small fraction of the money brought into the system by venture investors (the 320 M$ above) and people buying the new bitcoins (the 660 M $ above). 
"Large" bitcoin companies like BitPay, Coinbase, Huobi have maybe 50 employees.  250'000 jobs would mean 5000 companies as big as those. No way.  
That number must be off by a factor of 100 or so.
@_date: 2015-02-01 12:07:23
Why do you think that my "being here" has any influence on Brazilians' adoption of bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-02-04 13:30:02
One day Hell, which was already unbearably hot, started to get even hotter, and hotter, and hotter. So hot in fact that St. Peter had to call Satan about it.
'Hey dude, can you turn the heat down please? It is bothering us quite a bit here.'
'Sorry Pete, I cannot do anything about it.  The thermostat broke, and no one here knows how to fix it.  You know damn well that all the engineers are up there with you!'
'Well, it may be, I don't care,' replied the Saint.  'You'd better fix it quickly, or I will sue you.'
'Ha!', quipped the Dark Lord, 'That is something I would like to see! Did you forget where all the lawyers are?' 
@_date: 2015-02-18 23:06:35


Ahem, true if you are known to keep cash at home; but if your money is in the bank, the robbers know that you cannot just hand it in. 
(Several friends and relatives of mine have been robbed at gunpoint in their homes, and none lost the money that they kept in the bank.  Fortunately the robbers believed when told that there was no cash hoard in the home -- because they knew that no one keeps such thing.  I heard of some victims who were taken to an ATM and forced to withdraw, but ATMs here have a fairly low daily limit -- 250$ or so -- precisely for that reason.  Would be different with bitcoin...)
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:50:46
Check the history of attempts to create such societies, especially libertarian ones.  There was one in Chile recently (may have been called "Galt's Gulch", not sure) and one in Costa Rica years ago (run by James Ray Houston, the former "Silver King"of Nevada).  Both essentially scams...
@_date: 2016-07-29 04:30:24
Changing the names of things would not change the facts, thus would not help "my agenda".  
I am just correcting what I see as a widesprad misconception among bitcoiners of what the word "fungible" means.  
What the OP and many bitcoiners mean when they ask for "fungibility" is not really fungibiliy (which bitcoin has, like dollars in the bank).  It is  "untraceability by law enforcement" (which dollars in the bank obviously don't have, and bitcoins don't have either, but were assumed to have).  
@_date: 2016-07-20 04:11:14
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:14:17


This kind of tracing can flag bitcoins as suspected, but cannot be used as the sole basis for discrimination.  
Suppose a thief steals bicoins from someone by a transaction that moves them from address X to address Y, and then a second transaction appears that moves them from Y to Z.  Without further information, it is impossible to tell whether the owner of Z is the same as the owner of Y, or is aware that the coins were stolen.  
Indeed, one cannot even conclude that the owner of Y is the thief.   He may be a merchant who sold something to the thief, and was paid with that transaction, without knowing that it was a theft.  
A year or two ago, some BFL victims uncovered some transactions from addresses that belonged to the BFL forum moderator to Silk Road addresses.  But the guy claimed that he had not bought anything there.  He said that he had sold bitcoins on Localbitcoins, and the buyer told him to send the coins to those addresses.  Whether true or not, this tale shows how little one can infer from blockchain tracing...
@_date: 2015-02-12 09:34:55
I don't know of any exchange that with fully insured client deposits.  Even Coinbase seems to have only *their* bank account insured by FDIC against failure *of the bank*, not against mishaps at Coinbase itself.
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:55:48
That list is infrequently updated (quite understandably) and has ~~a rather large~~ a 500 BTC "amount stolen" threshold.  ~~Not sure whether BTer would qualify, for example.~~ 
@_date: 2016-07-16 04:15:41
Bitstamp's trading volume is tiny, and they have no connections to miners or developers.   I am thinking of someone stealing 100'000 BTC from the USMS wallet.  Or people finding out that a bad random number generator in a popular wallet app resulted in tens of thousands of blockchain addresses with private keys that could be easily quessed; that a hacker noticed that bug a week before them;  and that he just cleaned out all those addresses.
@_date: 2015-02-13 17:57:37
Yeah, but the legal marijuana growers are still fighting the general suspicion that recreational users are taking a ride on the medical usage excuse.   If the industry were to accept bitcoins, those suspicions would get stronger...
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:33:32
And also may cause headaches.  Someone reported yesterday on this subreddit on having to help and refund bitcoin customers who failed to pay the correct amount because of rounding and fee problems.
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:58:35


The proposal gets rid of the complexiy of UTXO selection by clients, but why does it make other parts more complicated? Validating a transaction seems no more complicated than it is now (but transactions will often be much smaller).  


Yes, you will need a client-provided timestamp or nonce field to ensure that two distinct transaction requests with exactly the same data are distiguishable.  Otherwise they should be assumed to be the same request.  And each mine foreman will need to keep a hashtable of transactions already included in the blockchain and in the node being filled, to avoid executing the same transaction twice.  It does not seem to be more work than checking whether an UTXO has already been spent.


Failed trasactions should be rare because they only happen if a client issues withdrawals that depend on deposits that have not been confirmed yet, *and* the miner picks the two requests in reverse chronological order.  Otherwise a balance-based accounting seems to be more efficient, because it allows making many payments from the same address without waiting for the change-backs of previous payments.


See the timestamping-with-block-hash-and-bounded-validity sugestion above.


What is the problem?  If a miner gets only the withdrawal, and there are not enough funds, he will ignore it.  If another miner gets only the deposit, he will process it.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:08:59
AFAIK, "accepting bitcoin" through BitPay or Coinbase is relatively easy, the merchant only needs to insert HTML for a "pay with Bitcoin" button that works just like the "pay with VISA" button.  Namely, the button redirects the client to the BitPay or VISA server, informing it of the purchase price, and wait for that server to send back a "paid" signal.  
Offering a discount for bitcoin purchases requires some extra hacking by the merchant, since its website must apply the discount to the price before redirecting the client to BitPay.  It also complicates accounting and auditing, since instead of 1523 items sold for 12.35$ there will be 1514 items sold for 12.35$ and 9 items sold for 11.98$.  Little annoyances, but why put up with them for the sake of a very few bitcoin-paying customers?
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:20:19
"Swap" or "swipe"?
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:07:13
Your government does not tax your money because it's "their" money, but because of the services thay they are (supposedly or actually) doing for you (whether you like or not).  
Like discouraging the homeless dude from just barging into the shop, stealing your wallet, and drinking your coffee.
@_date: 2015-02-20 22:49:38
The Winklevees?
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:18:47
The bitcointalk forum has a "trust rating" mechanism whereby users can give or take "trust points" to other users.  
It seemed a good idea, but unfortunately it has become a tool whereby shills, accomplices and sockpuppets of scammers give negative trust to those who denounce their scams (who, being honest, do not resort to such means  when giving trust points).
The Bitcoin Foundation also used to issue trust endorsements.  But of course they would not give negative evaluiation to founding members like Mark Karpelès, or premium paying members like KnC, BFL, ...
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:57:34


I don't understand indeed.  What slows down confirmation is solving the PoW puzzle, not validating the transactions.
Hey, but I am not selling anything, or asking anyone to invest in a startup.  Thanks for the time, and all the best...
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:06:17
I don't know.  In France he had some trouble with the law, connected to internet service, but it seems that the punishment was suspended and the records erased because he was still a minor at the time.  There was a second case when he was already in Japan, where he took a large sum to set up a website, did not deliver, and tried to lie to the client about it.   He also lost or settled a civil case in the US (by Vessenes's CoinLab).  The Japanese police is still investigating the MtGOX case.
Maybe you are mixing up with the CEO of BFL, Sonny Vleisides.  He was convicted years ago for a huge lottery scam that operated out of Costa Rica and involved James Ray "Silver King" Houston, Sonny's biological father.  Sonny got only two years of probation, extended to three after his parole officer realized that BFL was taking investments disguised as preorders.  He may get in trouble again as a consequence of charges brought by the FTC against BFL.
@_date: 2015-02-14 18:05:21
Thanks for the friendly advice and the reasoned defense of SMBIT.  Are you one of their clients, or an employee?
@_date: 2015-02-05 12:12:28
The first opinion that matters is that of Lawsky's office: they would press charges against presumed violators.  There is a good chance that the Judge's opinion will be the same as theirs, since they have been interacting on such cases for a long time.  Neither will care about what the business owner thinks that the term should mean.  So, businesses operating in NY had better ask their lawyers for what "materal" is supposed to mean in such contexts.
@_date: 2015-02-05 11:17:09
SEC filings are public.  Is there any other filing for a bitcoin ETF under review?
@_date: 2015-02-26 04:26:13
Some time ago there was a pic going around of an Ukranian nationalist militant holding a QR code and requesting donations in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:44:41
It never seemed to be anything else than a government-run PayPal.
@_date: 2016-07-15 03:15:04
A person can transfer the shares to another through the broker "network", as payment for something.  
It is admittedly slower, more cumbersome, and more expensive than bitcoin.  But it could be used for payments.  Bearer stocks of famous companies were often used as high-denomination bills when they existed.  Normal stocks are often used as payment in corporate deals and worker incentive programs.  
Maybe a penny stock it could be used as the settlement layer of some overlay payment network? ;-)
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:40:15
Specifically, there is a rumor going around that the SEC is investigating Paycoin and/or the other Garza enterprises.  But it is only a rumor, may well be false.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:40:58
Thanks.  Browsing makes me believe that we are still far from filling the 1 MB blocks, but I was looking for a statistics of how many (if any) blocks were filled to the brim, or how many transactions were delayed because there was no space left in the next block.  Are these numbers there somewhere?
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:37:48
Bitcoin cannot blame it is "innocent" in this case.  Bitcoiners have created a huge hype bubble, promising gains of 1000% per year for investing in bitcoins.  Since then, hundreds of scammers have profited from that hype: they promise absurd returns for their ponzis, but many people believe them because "it is bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:01:30
Weren't the bitcoin ATMs in Canada using CAVIRTEX?
@_date: 2015-02-14 17:54:47
Ugh, this is the telcos' spiel...
Net neutrality means ensuring that the internet remains a free market.  The telcos want it to be a monopoly: your internet access provider has the right to know which sites and services you are using, and charge fees, degrade, or block services accordingly.  
In particular, **without** net neutrality, telcos  would be free to overcharge or block encrypted packets, Tor traffic, bitcoin traffic, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-07 02:11:21
Ugh. Could not have picked a worst name...
"BitcoinRain" was the name of a memorable Brazilian bitcoin Ponzi scheme, ran by the former owner of MercadoBitcoin. He asked for bitcoin investments and promised 9% returns *per month*, supposed to come from arbitrage trading.  All went well for a while, until March 2013, when a client asked to withdraw his balance.  A "hacker" immediatey hit the site and stole all the BitcoinRain client coins, "sorry folks but that is it".  It is estimated that [15'000 BTC were lost]( in the hack.
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:55:53
The world "let you be" until "you" (in a rather broad sense of the word, that may not apply to you specifically) started "selling" bitcoin to the non-computer community as a great investment, telling them that "surely" it will replace credit cards, evade government controls, protect against inflation, and other such nonsense.  That gave non-computer types the right to say what they think of bitcoin.  If "you" just stopped claiming those things, the mainstream media would soon forget about bitcoin and "let you be" again.
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:16:20
Actually it ends with


@_date: 2015-02-11 23:50:52
This is too dangerous, what about millions of clients who do not understand that they have to do that.  Better have each version marked (or use a different port) so that the version of each transaction request and block announcement is unabiguously identified, and each version of the software always rejects anything that pertains to the other version.
@_date: 2016-07-24 01:09:50
As the OP shows, presently the risk of such accidents is higher for bitcoin users than for users of traditional systems.  
That is why bitcoin adoption for legal payments has not exploded, as the internet did.
@_date: 2015-02-15 01:56:26
The problem is not selling the vote.  It is your boss (or your priest, or your neighborhood mobster, or your pasta-roller-wielding wife) telling you to vote on *that* candidate, or else.  Some countries do not allow absentee ballots for that reason.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:22:46
Clients already must rely on wallet software to do that, the formula is too complicated to do otherwise.   But that solution will not resolve the problems of unpredictability (of the fee, and of the effect of over- or under-payment) and unfairness (the user being charged more for the same service, because of decisions Satoshi, the developers, or the miners.
@_date: 2015-02-15 11:00:43


But they won't compete on that! Just as you don't see publishers and record labels competing on who offers the most liberal copyright license, or banks competing on who offers the cheapest international wire transfer.  For all of them it is better to charge  


Users who use more Mb/s, they should pay for more Mb/s, it does not matter what those bytes contain.  
The "problem of YouTube pollution" is that the telcos want to sell sell "10 Mb/s" connections to 10 users but serve them all with only 20 MB/s of real bandwidth.  Since YouTube and Netflix came out, that cheating has been exposed.  If they got rid of net neutrality, they could continue cheating by charging a lot more for "10 Mb/s including videos" versus "10 Mb/s with email and twitter only".  If net neutrality is preserved, they would be obliged to really deliver 10 Mb/s sustained, if they sold "10 Mb/s".


The telcos have stayed neutral because the principle of net neutrality is still in force.  They want permission to be non-neutral, require users to keep packets open, and do "deep packet inspection" to identify what services you are using, and block or charge accordingly.  
If net neutrality falls, you may have to choose between a telco that lets you watch YouTube HD videos but not Netflix, and another that carries Netfix but blocks YouTube HD.   Like it happens now with TV channels and cable companies.
If net neutrality falls, the telcos will reject encrypted packets, precisely because encryption would let users avoid deep packet inspection and discrimination by content and service, which is the whole point of their fight against net neutrality.
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:21:13
The miners all together get 3600 BTC per day.  The harshate is basically the equipment that can be bought and kept running with that money.   It tracks the BTC price, but does not influence it directly.   The tracking is not perfect because there is a delay of several months between someone deciding to buy a mining farm and it coming online, and uncertainly about future prices and difficulty.
 
@_date: 2015-02-10 07:20:18
Just as I am sick and nauseated at bitcoiners claiming that "Microsoft and Dell accept bitcoin".   Whom are they trying to fool? 
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:24:19
Fortunately Brazilians are smart enough that my warnings are not needed.  Bitcoiners themselves are doing a great job at convincing the general public to stay away from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-28 23:19:04


OK, you are thinking of thugs that rob random people in the street.  I was thinking of home robberies.  Half a dozen relatives and collegues have suffered such robberies over the last 20 years.  (The last one was the house next door to mine, a student fraternity, a couple of months ago.) Usually two or three robbers, with handguns or machine guns, attack the chosen home when someone is going in or out.  They usually have inside information and know what they are after.  (Several of those victims had guns at home, one was a gun lover and collector; the robbers always took the guns too.)  Fortunately, no one got hurt in any of those incidents; but few if any of the robbers were caught.
So, it won't help if you keep the bitcoins at home, and the robbers can guess that you have a lot of them.  They can be sophisticated enough to analyze the blockchain, snoop your tax returns, and know about your real estate trades.


Half a million dollars is the price of a small home in some cities.  It is not a large amount for lifetime savings from a good job.  


It is starting, it seems.  Here are two pysiccal cases, a robbery and kidnapping:
@_date: 2015-02-12 14:06:57
So the plan is that people will continue using centralized banks and PayPal-like services for most purchases, and actually use bitcoin only for certain "special" payments.   But interbank settlements too can be more efficiently and cheaply done by central clearinghouses.  So what is left for the bitcoin network?  
@_date: 2015-02-16 10:34:08


You buy a plot of land in Texas, then spend 10 years in Tibet. When you return you find that someone else built a house on your land and planted it with orange trees.  While you are arguing with him, the previous owner comes up, says that the Peruvian soles that you gave him lost 80% of their value before he had time to spend them, so he wants 80% of the land back.  Then his ex-wife shows up and says that the farm was hers before they married, and now that they have divorced she wants it back.  And finally a Native comes to claim the land, since it belonged to his ancestors who were robbed of it.  Whose property is it?
People will always disagree about who *should* have possession of something.  Whose opinion is the "right" one? What does it mean "to be right"?  
I insist: the concept of "property" (or any other right) requires some authority that can decide such disputes and defines who has the right.  It does not have to be a written body of law with professional judges and cops; it can be the council of elders of the tribe, or the Hells Angels, whatever.
Philosophers can debate about the rights that people *should* have, but they cannot give those rights.
@_date: 2015-02-25 05:06:57
Why would they want to exchange a failing currency for another failing currency? 
@_date: 2016-07-14 22:57:49
It is quite obvious that gold has become a pyramid scheme too, since 2000 or so.  
Gold has a fundamental "floor" price determined by its demand for industrial and decorative uses, which should not change much from one year to the next.  Looking at the historical price chart, that floor must be less than 300 USD/oz today.  But, starting around 2001, the price first increased exponentially to a peak of ~1800 in 2011, then dropped to ~1000 six months ago, and now it is back to ~1300.  Obviously those price excursions are not related to its fundamental demand, but are the result of speculative  trading: investors pay 1300 now because they expect that investors will pay more at some point in the future.  
Gold sitting in vaults does not pay dividends, does not create concrete wealth, does not render any useful service.  (Actually, it consumes some wealth, the cost of securely storing it.)  Investors are buying it in the expectaton of profit, but the only way one can profit from that is by selling it to some other investor for more than its purchase price.  
That is, as in other pyramid schemes, the profit of earlier investors comes entirely from the investment of newer ones.  To give a profit to all investors, the price would have to keep rising forever, faster than real interest rates and economic growth.  Of course that can't happen, so in the end (as in all pyramid schemes) there will be a legion of losers, whose losses became the profits of some lucky guys.
@_date: 2015-02-25 14:51:20
Furthermore, the cost of the network should be paid by those who use it, not by newbies who buy bitcoin.  The block reward may have been useful to motivate miners in the eary stages. but now it has become a monster that each day sucks a million dollars from new investors to fuel an overbloated mining industry, whose costs and revenue are totally disconnected from the actual utility of bitcoin.
The block reward should be eliminated, and miners should be supported by transaction fees only.  But of course that would be a catastrophe, given the current totally screwed-up structure of the bitcoin ecnomy...
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:45:11
@_date: 2015-02-10 17:01:49
Actually, the design does not assume that nodes and miners are known; and one could argue that the independence of the network would be more assured  if they could keep their identities hidden from everybody (which they cannot, of course).  
On the other hand, users will want to know who has 51% of the hashpower.  As of now, the picture is bleak:  only 4-5 companies need to collude for that, and we do not even know whether they are truly independent, and who are their owners. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:16:00
Right.  Just as it happened when the US government abandoned the gold/silved backing of the dollar.  Everybody started using new gold-backed red dollars while the bad guys were left with piles of green dollars that no one wanted to use.
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:21:41
Does that take into account the time needed for the signals to propagate down the wires? Or is the delay defined as just the number of gates traversed?
From what I recall of physics, the time needed for a signal to reach meaningful level at he other end of a wire should be between linear and quadratic on the length of the wire.  Since the carry signal has to travel all the way across the adder, the time cannot be less than linear, can it?
@_date: 2016-07-22 10:30:08
They have rested, it seems. ;-)
Have they said something about that big drop after the halving?
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:59:56
You are right.  If someone does not understand the most elementary explanations the first time, nor the second time, nor the third time, there is no use insisting.
@_date: 2015-02-16 03:34:03
Yes, but the point is that pseudo-nodes are very cheap to deploy and run.  The hardest part may be getting enough distinct IPs, but cloud hosting may take care of that.
You seem to assume that "malicious" does something specific, so that if 1 out of 10 contacts is non-malicious, it will prevail over the other 9.  I have no idea what a "malicious" node could do, and what its owner might want to do.
@_date: 2015-02-19 14:44:41
Disguise it as an external floppy disk reader.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:02:58
A successful company needs a team of at least half a dozen people.  The top guys do not need to know how to program, but they *must* have managerial skills.  A bussiness major helps there, but is not enough.  Having worked for a few years in a successful company may be more important.  Being "socially intelligent" is even more important.  For programming, it is enough to have one partner, or one CTO at the second level of management, who have experience with software *product* development.
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:00:56
No, the problem is that users will soon lose track of which transactions have been executed in which chain.  For example, if someone perchance issues a double-spend, one transaction may be executed in the gavincoin chain, the other one in the old bitcoin chain.  His wallet may even become hopelessly incompatible with **both** chains.
Unless there is agreement by all miners, users, and services to use only one of the coins (as there was in the OP_MUL hard fork), it is essential that each version always rejects the messages that belong to the other version.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:22:56
Basically you deposit 4000 dollars with them, they keep the 4000 dollars, and when you need bitcoins they will take some of those dollars and change them into bitcoins.   
The idea sounds familiar, doesn't it?  But the way to describe it is new...
@_date: 2015-02-16 23:13:24
The problem is that the cost of mining will not be fixed, once miners start depending on fees.   The economics of that situation is not trivial to analyze...
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:09:27
In 2014 the Chinese demand had several large swings due to rumors about the PBoC closing bank channels to the exchanges, and then denials of those rumors, ad then new rumors.  If you look at a 2014 1-day price chart you can see a very sharp rise on 2014-03-03 and a sharp drop on 2014-03-27, for example.  One of the "simple bubbles" (BJ3) was added just to model that hump.  It can be interpreted as the "market" of those traders who were impressed by the PBoC rumors, wereas bubble BJ0 models the larger set of traders who weren't.  
Similarly, bubble component BJ2 models the rise in late 2013-12 when Huobi recovered their bank access, and the drop on 2014-02-10 when Mark Karpelès announced "a bug in bitcon".
I still do not know what caused the bubble that started to be felt on 2014-05-20, but its effect increase in price by 200-250$) was too large to ignore.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:05:15
The current BIT share owners must first receive some electronic certificate in order to interact with the brokers.  That was promised to happen in a few days.
About half of the BIT shares out there were bought in Sep/2013 and Oct/2013, when the price was lower than today's.  Since lsat October all shares were frozen, they could not be redeemed or sold.  Perhaps some of those investors will want to sell, now that they can.
@_date: 2015-03-01 22:02:19
Since they are not backed by materially scarce assets, cryptocurrencies, like dollars, can be created at will.  Even the bitcoin limit of 21 million and/or the block reward could be easily increased; they are just arbitrary parameters of the protocol.  Most bitcoin users will not like that, but most dollar users do not like it either when the US government prints more money.  Anyway, what is supposed to guarantee that limit is not "math" but a fuzzy economic game about which nothing can be proved.
Before you say that "it won't happen", note that now more than half of the hashpower is in China, and the Chinese have no use for bitcoins except as a lucrative export to the West.  Note also that the 21M limit will be irrelevant for years to come, since bitcoins *are* still being created from nothing in order to support the system -- just like dollars.
@_date: 2016-07-15 04:25:22


Those may be the only aspects of a commodity that speculators and arbitragers can see, and care about.  
But I can't think of any commodity that is virtual and/or used *solely* (or mostly) for speculative trading.  There is a reason why pork bellies and oil are heavily traded commodities, but broken pots and cigarette butts are not (well, not that I know of).  While speculation can amplify and distort prices, the market price of a commodity is ultimately determined by its non-speculative demand.
Gold is a special case (and silver may be too).  Gold does have a non-speculative demand in industry (mostly in electronics) and for decorative uses (jewelry, gilding, etc.)  There is considerable speculation, because its large value:weight ratio and incorruptibility led to the formation of huge hoards that have been sitting in vaults for decades. .(Although it seems that Indian housewifes own more gold than the largest European countries combined.)  But the fundamental demand seems to have defined the price until 2001.  After that, the price became dominated by speculation.
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:50:12


But countries with a solid economy and minimally competent government are usually able to keep the value stable enough for it to be used as a currency.  Even the UK.  Even Brazil...


No sane person "invests" by hoarding a currency.  Even in Brazil there are funds that correct for inflation and pay some interest on top of it.  Material property like real estate and stocks of solid companies is automatically immune to currency inflation.
Bitcoin has gained value relative to the BRL or USD only if you bought and sold at the right times.  For many people it is still worth 30-40% of what they bought it for, in purchasing power.  And, just as it rose from $250 to $650 in the last 8 months, it may easily drop to $100 or less in a few days.
@_date: 2016-07-29 02:39:07
Methinks that you are using the word "fungible" in the wrong sense. 
A payment may get confiscated, frozen, refused, etc. because of who is sending it, who is receiving it, or why it is being sent for.  Those attributes do not depend on what form the  payment takes.  They are not attributes of the units of currency that are being transferred.  How the authorities or merchants get that information, and/or why they decide to do those things, is not relevant for the question of whether the currency is fungible or not.
What the OP (and most bitcoiners) seem to care about is whether illegal payments and illegally obtained money can be identified by law enforcement agencies.  That is traceability of the payment system, not fungibility of the currency.
Dollars are fungible, because (for example), if $1000 in cash are stolen from your car, and the police catches the thief, and he has $2000 in the bank, the police is supposed to  withdraw $1000 and give them to you -- not the same bills that were stolen, just the same amount.
Cars are not fungible, because (for example) if your Toyota gets stolen, and the police catches the thief, and they find that he has three Toyotas in his garage, they are not supposed to return one of the cars to you, unless it is the very same car that was stolen.  If they can't find yours, then the courts have to figure out how to compensate your loss.
@_date: 2016-07-16 16:48:59
But investing in bitcoin (unlike investing in coal mining or orange growing) does not produce more of it, nor helps its use as a currency.  Ditto for selling it after holding.  
Indeed, for its use as a currency, the amount of bitcoin in circulation would not matter -- if it were stable.  Investing in bitcoin actually harms its utiliy, by creating volatility. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:34:18
A ponzi or pyramid scheme does not have to be secret; it only needs to convince enough naive investors that it will be hugely profitable.  See Sergey Mavrodi' s ponzis, for example.  Or the TelexFree MLM here in Brazil.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:46:20


Can you confirm whether it is the *individual users'* USD accounts at Coinbase that are insured against *mishaps at Coinbase*, up to 250 k USD *for each user*?
Or is just *Coinbase's bank account* (= sum of all user accounts) that is insured, only up to 250 k USD *total*, against failure *of the bank*?
Last time I checked, the wording on their website's FAQ seemed to say the latter, not the former.
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:45:29


In the sense that it would not yield meaningful information, hence it would be nearly useless for the purpose of taking significant action.  
Suppose that the police tried to maintain a database of "dirty" dollar bills, and required all cashiers to scan the serial numbers of any bills they receive.  The system warns the cops that a bill that was stolen last month from a bank in Chicago has just been used in a supermarket in New York.  What would the cops do about that?


It is like a car dealer refusing a packet of dollar bills because their serial numbers match those of the loot from a bank robbery.  If your input is the output of a theft transaction, what do you want to happen?  
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:32:19
Yet another altcoin? 
@_date: 2015-02-05 11:09:59
"Material" there surely means "that has concrete consequences" e.g. changes what clients can and cannot do.
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:33:32
They are applying to trade on an exchange of sorts called "OTCQX" (confusingly OTC here is a company's name not "over-the-counter") .  That OTCQX place has been described as a "pink slip" exchange, which seems to be a derogatory term.  (They trade some big companies, but not real stock, only ADRs.  Which, I gather, are proxies created by US banks for the real stocks of foreign companies, correct?)
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:36:26
I am a big fan of him, and he does pull quite an act.  But by and large his Free Software movement has been a rather orderly war, compared to the Block Size one.
@_date: 2015-02-02 02:05:30
I am a computer science prof, I am supposed to be interested in computer things.  And I do not like scams and lies (bizarre as that may seem to this community); why I should not speak out when I run into them?
@_date: 2015-02-28 01:27:36
Wasn't there recently a kidnapping that required the ransom to be paid in bitcoin?   
Professional armed robbers don't pick households and stores at random; they "case" them and know how much they can get.  They will not ask for your private keys, they will tell you "we now that you just sold your other house for bitcoins, so send 2000 bitcoins to this address, or say goodbye to your spouse/kids/favorite organs".
@_date: 2015-02-14 16:31:47
It does not make sense for a brick-and-mortar merchant to really accept bitcoins.  It has many disadvantages -- volatility, taxes, security, training, support, doubl-spending, etc. -- and zero advantages.  Practically every customer who could pay with bitcoins also can pay with other means.  If the merchant were to accept bitcoins, very few customers would choose that option.
Bitpay and the like remove some disadvantages like volatility and theft risks, by receiving the customer's bitcoins and depositing dollars in the merchant's account.  However, for brick-and-mortar stores there are still some disadvantages (like training and support) and still zero advantages.
In short, those merchants have no reason to consider accepting bitcoins, whether "raw" or through BitPay-like processors.  (We may have already passed the critical threshold when there are more "bitcoin-accepting" merchants than bitcoiners...)
@_date: 2015-02-25 05:17:34
Needless to say, you need to know what your company will do, and whether it will be able to do it.  But creating the company before the product is normal, when the product is complex.  Of course, to get investors you mustconvince them that the company can deliver.
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:20:08
However, if the price increases (or drops) by a factor of 100 or more in a few years, the problem will arise again.  
Moreover, such a change cannot be made instantaneously, and some people will resist it.  Using the same name for two different quantities will be chaos. 
Even if everybody agreed to change the meaning of "bitcoin" at the same time, when reading articles and posts one would have to check the date, every time, to tell what the word "bitcoin" means.
Any change of the unit must use a different name.  After several years, if it is necessary to change the unit again, then the old name "bitcoin" can be reused. 
(My country went through half a dozen currency changes in my lifetime; and twice, at least, an older name was reused -- but never for consecutive units.)
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:30:22
Two kind of people will knowingly join a ponzi scheme: those who are smart, and those who think that they are smart. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 21:50:49
What exacly are the *extra* AML/KYC requirements requirements of the BitLicense, compared to existing Federal and State law?
@_date: 2015-02-01 03:23:24
How will the State cope with the change in BTC price between the taxes being charged and them being paid?  Is it supposed to use BitPay?  
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:03:16
OK, so perhaps it not time for Andreessen to discuss bitcoin with Getty yet... 
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:56:51


The scratch-off material cannot cost more than a small fraction of the value of the bitcoins in the card, otherwise the "cash" will not be worth buying in the first place.  If the card-printing company can print and cover the key in bulk at the cost of a few cents per unit, a counterfeiter can do the same.
Note that (as with ordinary counterfeit money) the job must be only good enough to fool a shopkeeper, not to fool a bank.  If he drains 1000 BTC banknotes each worth 100$, he has 100'000$, which lets him buy some pretty sophisticated tools. 


But that would make the "banknotes" useful only for 1 transaction; that would defeat their purpose.
@_date: 2015-02-22 12:12:08
Look up "voter-verified paper trail" (VVPT). A solution that is cheap, effective, safe, fast, extensively tested, and (more importantly) everyone can understand and trust.
Voting takes at most half an hour every three months or so.  Why are people so obsessed with "improving" it?  Just getting rid of Flash and Javascript ads in websites would easily save 10x as much of people's time.  Not to mention getting people to live closer to their workplace, cutting down advertisements on TV, ...
@_date: 2015-02-16 03:10:12
I though that, since client, nodes, and miners cannot tell who is malicious, if a client has a list of only 10 nodes, and 90% of the nodes out there are malicious pseudonodes, there would be a high probability of him having only the latter to talk to.
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:31:07
So, at the Pole Exchange, the price has crashed to less than 6.67 USD/BTC?  Ugh.
@_date: 2015-02-17 17:31:11
Why should those people deserve favored treatment, compared to people who get paid in Dogecoins or Euros?
@_date: 2015-02-15 13:18:17
Just guessing: if you are using the **US** Expedia site you will presumably be directed to the **US** Coinbase server, and they may not allow access from a Belgian IP, even though there is a Coinbase branch in Belgium (or *because* of that).
@_date: 2015-03-29 04:54:53
1 BTC.
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:26:18


As seizure-proof as Ethereum, you mean? ;-)
@_date: 2015-03-08 14:44:09
Even so, buying bitcoins and keeping them in paper wallets in a bank safety box would have been better than buying shares of such a fund.
@_date: 2015-02-14 14:00:18
Is there any evidence that Google's payment system might use bitcoin, other than some reporter's wishful thinking?
@_date: 2015-02-01 12:55:43
Bitcoin caught my attention in Nov/2013 when Rick Falkvinge tweeted that he was putting all his savings into bitcoin (and keeping them at MtGOX). 
Not long after that, some bitcoiners started promoting bitcoin in Brazil as a "hedge against infation" and "become a billionaire with a modest investment".  
I tried to warn people against falling for those bogus claims, but fortunately there was no need, bitcoin did not catch.  Everyone I have spoken in person about it was **far** more negative about bitcoin than I was.
I am not here to "attack the community".  Do you really think that the 7 billion people who do not believe in bitcoin are trying to "attack" it because they feel "threatened" by it?  
It so happens that I am interested enough in bitcoin it to keep reading these forums, even though I do not believe in its success.   That is bizarre, I know; most of those 7 billion will not want to waste their time with it, once they have understood enough of it.
@_date: 2015-02-14 17:39:09
Cash has zero fees, too.
Zero fees apply only if the merchant accepts bitcoin directly, but then he has to worry about those bitcoins maybe losing 10% of their value in the next few hours.  If the merchant uses BitPay, then there will be the BitPay fees.  (I seem to recall that BitPay cut down or abolished their fees recently, but they must eventually start making money sometime, somewhere.)
Plus, in any case, there will be also the bank and exchange fees that the user has to pay in order to acquire the bitcoins.   When you consider the entire cycle, bitcoin does not obviously come out cheaper than credit/debit cards or paypal.
Chargebacks are a big worry for illegal merchants, since they cannot resort to the police if the charge-back was fraudulent.  I suppose it is a problem also for people who sell on eBay and places like that.  But how much of a problem are chargebacks for brick-and-mortar stores?
Note that they are still required to give refunds or replacements for defective merchandise, no matter how the customer paid.  
Also, since they cannot require everybody to pay with bitcoins, the fraud-minded customers would obviously choose to pay with cards.  So, the number of chargebacks would *not* be reduced if the merchant were to accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-14 22:20:41
Exchanges, payment processors, gambling sites, and the like must keep off-chain account ledgers too.  That attack could have happened at any of those businesses as well.  It may well have happened at MtGOX, for instance.
@_date: 2015-02-09 10:52:52
That article is totally misleading, right?  While there is some uncertainty in the case of a multiple-input, multiple-output transaction, each bitcoin in someone's wallet that was not mined does have at least one source address.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:34:33
I mean that there are billions of cars out there that will require and destroy so many barrels of oil per year, and there is no alternative to oil that is even remotely equivalent in price.  
For bitcoin, on the other hand, there is no economic activity that will absolutely require it and cannot quickly switch to an alternative payment system, with a small increase in cost (or not even that).  E-payments can use other crypto or traditional systems.  Hoarders would lose their wealth, but it is only imaginary wealth, and (unlike car owners) they cannot influence the price or production of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:29:26
They throw it out because it is way too slow for most purposes such as shopping,  gambling, currency trading.
@_date: 2015-03-03 14:38:26
Yeah, UPS delayed **one full** day, whereas KnC only delayed **half** a year, 8D.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:48:27
An experienced programmer knows how to use floating point safely without rounding.  Some even use FP for integer arithmetic, because the FPU multiplier unit is often much faster than integer multiply one.  (That is how the infamous Pentium divide bug was discovered, years ago.)
It is not "papering over a flaw", but consideration that design of a digital currency should take into account the tools and habits of accountants, not of programmers.   And double-precision floating point is also used by matlab, gawk, gnuplot, and other popular applications that need to deal with fractional numbers of unpredictable precision (not only currency amounts, but also interest rates, exchange rates, expected ROI, the national budget of Zimbabwe etc.)
@_date: 2015-02-06 02:58:49
Not sure I understood, but is this the summary of the dialogue: increasing the blocksize will be a disaster, not increasing it will be a disaster too?
@_date: 2015-02-26 04:29:04
No... I am just wondering why bitcoin chose to use the UTXO-based accounting, instead of the balance-based accounting that everyone uses.
@_date: 2015-02-05 09:04:00
Since "HODL" is not a common word, it could be trademarked and the trademark could be fuly enforced, right? 8D
@_date: 2015-02-14 17:18:30
Development must continue as long as bitcoin is in use, since computer platforms change, user expectations change, better algorithms come along, etc.
There isn't (and there cannot be) any "central software update authority", so in principle anyone can post a new version of the core software and propose its adoption.  How that proposal would be received by the community, it is impossible to predict.
@_date: 2015-02-16 20:58:09
That holds for the pro-BTC shills too.  Should we organize a union, to fight for better pay and such?  Or create a joint shilling pool, so each shill can be automatically redirected to the most profitable thread, to defend whichever side that ran out of arguments?
@_date: 2015-02-16 02:13:16
Maybe the robot (if it was a robot) did have limits on the amount that could be transferred per day, and/or had the hot address hardwired so that it could not send anywhere else.  But if the hacker knew how the robot worked, and managed to have root-level malware  installed there, it could easily bypass any safety barriers, steal the private keys, and and issue the bad transaction.  
Imagine for example that a non-expert CEO runs that robot on his private laptop at home, but asks the company's systems admin to upgrade his OS because he leaned that the old version has a vulnerability.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:12:19
You cannot grow independent networks if the government is determined to stamp them out.  Radio channels can be jammed, cables are easily cut, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-14 23:00:49
Robbers and kidnappers will not say "give us your private keys". They will usually know (or think that they know) that you have lots of bitcoins, and demand "send 2000 bitcoins to this address".  If *they* are wrong, *you* will be in real trouble...
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:46:16
users do not have to choose, actually.  Each user can move, sell or spend both coins, independently,.  He just needs to install both versions of the client, make a copy of the wallets at the time of the fork, and use each client version with the proper copy of the wallet.   Exchanges and payment processors could do the same: treat "Gavin's Bitcoin" and "Mircea's Bitcoin" as separate cryptocoins, with independent prices. 
If both versions retain some value after the fork, it would be stupid for users to use only one version.  In that case, each version will continue to pay 3600 BTC/day to miners, but the new investment money will be split between the two coins.  The version with smaller investment inflow will feel increased "inflation" pressure.  Hopefully, the unbalance will quickly grow, and one of the versions will quickly crash to near zero value, so that people will stop using it.
However, external factors (such as marketing, boycott by exchanges and payment processors, ideological posturing, etc.) could keep both versions alive for a while.
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:08:12


Those are your words, not mine. 
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:01:47
It seems that I am not getting the point across.  
All those laws and monitoring systems do not make the dollar any less *fungible*.  They are not meant to locate *bad dollars*, but dollars *in bad hands* and dollars being *used for bad things*.  Tracing dollars as they move from account to account is just one way that law enforcement can obtain clues about those bad guys and actions.  
Being used in an illegal transaction does not make the money "dirty".  It flags the *recipient* of that money as suspicious, and that suspicion then passes on to anyone whom he sends money to -- *even if it is not the same money*.  But that suspicion must quickly decay as the money keeps moving, because each of the moves may be a *legal* payment -- unless other clues say otherwise.  
(For example, if someone puts bitcoins into a mixer, then he will probably be flagged as suspicious, just for that; and the bitcoins that come out on the other side will pass that suspicion to the receiver, no matter how many mixing steps they went through.)
@_date: 2016-07-31 04:46:38
That is why "fungibility" is not an absolute property, but depends on what purpose one is considering. Dollar bills are fairly fungible for commerce purposes, but obviously not for numismatics.
@_date: 2016-07-15 00:49:58
That is more gambling than investing...
I have no objection to gambling, not even to ponzi schemes, if everybody understand that the thing it is a zero-sum (or negative-sum) game of luck, like roulette.  
It stops being a gamble, and becomes a scam, when new players are lured in by being made to believe that it is a good investment. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 21:42:22


(1) This is reddit, not the Federal Reserve or an investment consultancy.
(2) If the price of gold was $300/oz, it could be a sensible investment for people who prefer low risk over long time span to a positive real return.  Provided that they are content with getting back just what they put in, corrected by inflation, plus or minus a couple tens of percent.
(3) At the current price, on the other hand, gold is not a low risk investment; because the price obviously can drop quite a bit, depending on the mood of the traders and investors.  Its expected return over investment, in the long run, is not very good either; because the market price is unlikely to wander much further away from the fundamental value than it is now, and the latter is not likely to grow much above inflation.
(4) Given its volatility, gold could be an interesting  instrument for short-term investors and day-traders to gamble with.  However, these activities are basically a zero-sum game, and a trader's profit can only come from another trader's loss.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:44:22
You are looking at bitcoin from the perspective of an insider.  I am urging bitcoiners too look at it from the outside, as seen by prospective users.  The relevant "free market" is not the miners competing for the fees and block rewards; it is bitcoin competing for customers against other payment systems.
Bitcoiners usually ask "what can we do with bitcoin in the context of its current network and user base, without violating Satoshi's Commandments".  They should ask instead "what are the requirements for a viable decentralized alternative to PayPal, and how could it be implemented."  
@_date: 2015-02-14 13:25:30
In both auctions, SecondMarket organized a syndicate (association) of small bidders and joined their bids into larger 2000-3000 BTC bids required by the USMS.  That endeavor was totally unrelated to the BIT fund. The 48'000 coins were immediately distributed to the smal bidders, and SeconMarket collected 1% fee (480 BTC, ~173'000 USD) for that service.
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:31:19
As of last September there were about 650'000 blockchain addresses with 0.1 BTC or more in them.  While some users do not have such an address, many more have several of them.  So 650'000 is a rather generous upper bound on the number of users at the time.  It grows slowly if at all.
@_date: 2015-02-22 21:34:10
I first learned about bitcoin  sometime late in 2013, when Rick tweeted to his followers that he was putting all his savings into it.  That video was published in January **2014**.  At the time, Rick still had "a six-figure amount" in MtGox.  Over the next couple of months he reported on his blog about his battle to get his money out.  IIRC, he managed to get at least some of it out before the final collapse. 
Last time I checked, Rick was still a fan of bitcoin.  But I wonder whether he still stands by that prediction.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:38:37
It takes an expert to tell who is an expert, and even then...
Suppose a real expert in computer security told them that, and another 20-year-old "expert bitcoiner" told them that the first expert was a stupid old dinosaur and that he had a much better *automated* solution that would not require waking up the CEO every time the hot wallet got emptied.   Which one would the CEO listen to?
Seeing the "bitcoin economists" dismiss Krugman as ignorant of economy and Buffett as an incompetent investor, the scenario above does not seem far-fetched...
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:49:53
I believe they can.  But I won't argue that now, I have discussed it exhaustively elsewhere, and neither side convinced the orther...
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:34:40
I have this hunch that, within six months at most, Coinbase will stop dealing with cyptocurrencies and become just another PayPal.
@_date: 2015-02-21 11:01:43
See the method below...
@_date: 2015-02-10 16:57:07
16 x 365.25 x 24 x 6 = 841'536 blocks
If blocks are 15 MB each on average (Gavin's proposal is 20 MB, may be bigger) that is about 13 million MB, or 13 TB.
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:40:23


Kraken was contracted to provide as-yet-unspecified assitance, in the form of bitcoin expertise and possibly operational help in collecting claims and distributing the bitcoins (if they are not auctioned).  It is not known whether Kraken has been called to help with the investigation yet, much less assume the role of "official investigator".  Given the involvement of Kraken's CEO in the 2011 hacking incident, I think that bringing Kraken into the investigation should have raised some eyebrows among the victims.
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:18:00
FOREX is not investing, it is day trading.  You don't put money there expecting it to gain value; you bet that some currencies will lose value faster than others.
@_date: 2015-02-16 01:32:54
OK, I forgot that.  But clients soon forgot about that too.
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:51:38
My guess is that the defense will try to argue that (a) Ross chose bitcoin because of its promise for a better world etc., not because he wanted to evade the law; (b) since the blockchain is anonymous, the transfers from SilkRoad to Ross Ulbricht's laptop cannot be assumed to be profit sharing, or even to have been done with his consent, but may be part of the attempt by the real DPR to frame him.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:25:50
Many people may subscribe just out of curiosity, and never buy.  Others may try it once or twice then give up.  Not everyone who *has used* something is a user of that thing (although many bitcoin sites count that kind of "user" too).
@_date: 2016-07-17 16:45:02


But what good should you use?
Inflation is usually measured by the cost of living, which is an average of prices of some specific set of goods and services.  But the set itself has to be updated from time to time, because some goods fall out of use or their price changes too much.  So it is just an arbitrary index that people use only because there is nothing better.
The mean income here in Brazil changed considerably in 20 years, so what was considered "luxury" 20 years ago is now "essential".   That inflated the cost of living, not because the values of things increased but because the standard of "living" was raised.  Should Instrument X give you the same thngs that you could have bought 20 years ago, or put you in the same relative prosperity level that you could have been back then?
@_date: 2015-02-28 01:36:32
I think you can only trade them for Linden Dollars (L$, the currency of the game SecondLife), but you can buy L$ with USD, EUR, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:20:04


Miners changing the protocol (by playing according to the protocol) will not be fatal. Some bitcoiners hate the idea of making any chage to the protocol, but obviously *they* cannot change the protocol (by introducing the notion of "bad miner") to prevent that possibility...


How? Why is there that big gray slice in the piecharts labeled "unknown"? 
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:40:12
One of the things that bitcoin has and ordinary money doesn't have is a legion of educated intelligent agreeable respectable charismatic supporters.  Keep at it, Sir.
@_date: 2015-02-16 18:44:49


That would be wonderful.
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:42:37


Except all the other altcoins that have been created, or will be, or could be.
And the late Liberty Reserve.


Much jewelry is bought simply as an investment, indeed, so it contributes to the speculative component of the prize.  
But much gold is used for decoration simply because it is nicely yellow and shiny and does not rot or tarnish and easy to work and has a good feel.  Indeed, it was mined and used for that demand, all over the wold, long before it came to be used as currency or investment.
@_date: 2015-02-08 03:08:13
To use the system you need to open an account, show proof of identity etc.; just like a bank or credit card.
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:08:15
Gold price presently maybe 80% due to speculation and marketing. Indeed, since 2001, it has become mainly a pyramid scheme.
Derivatives may be ponzis or not, depending on what their underlying assets are, and how the derivatives are connected to them.  (I thought that bitcoiners viewed *all* traditional investments as ponzi schemes...)
@_date: 2015-02-14 09:58:42
Ha ha.  But check the sidebar at right, there are ~152'300 subscribers to of which ~500 are now logged in.  That means that there are maybe 200 bitcoin users in the world who can read English, 300 hard-working bank shills and statist trolls, and at least 151'800 bank shills and statist trolls who are not working hard enough and will not get their paycheck this week.
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:43:46
My opinion too: Willy did not cause the rally, "he" was trying to exploit it.
@_date: 2015-02-12 19:29:50
But is this MyCoin.hk?  It says My**Bit**Coin.  
AFAIK bitcoin got big in Thailand at one time, then got banned, then came back.  Is this a Thai bitcoin event?
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:05:32
I am assuming that the transactions and blocks can be distinguished by a version stamp or cosmetic format change (or use different nodes and ports) so that both old clients and new clients will ignore messages belonging to the other coin (or will not even see them).  Otherwise chaos would result, since the two chains will inevitably become inconsistent. 
A miner cannot mine both coins at the same time; besides that marking, the hashes will be different as soon as the two coins diverge.
@_date: 2016-07-16 14:33:05


You missed the point.  The question was, what does "preserve the value" mean in that scenario?  When he redeems the investment, should he get enough pazuzas to buy his old home, a home that is as good as his old home was, a Ferraghini 666, a year's salary of his old profession -- or what?


As I wrote in other responses, gold could be a low-risk, low-yield investment if it was priced 300 USD/oz or less.  At current prices, it is clearly overpriced.  In 20 years it could lose most of its current price.
The discovery of a large mine could even cause its floor price to drop even further.  A change of customs in India, over that time span, could flood the market with gold.
@_date: 2015-02-05 14:59:30
Hey, I am not endorsing them.  Those are just two "against" sources that I recalled...
@_date: 2016-07-28 20:05:21
First, "fungibility" seems to be misused in bitcoin to mean "untraceability" or "un-seizability".  
Fungibility is a property of the currency, meaning that all units of it are alike -- there are no "series A" vs. "series B", "gold-backed bills" vs. "silver-backed" vs "unbacked", "Scotland-issued pounds" vs. "England-issued pounds", etc.   Or, in your example, "my dollar bills" vs. "other people's dollar bills".  Bitcoin is perfectly fungible in that regard.
When money is traced, frozen, seized, returned etc., that is not because there is something wrong with the money itself.  The money is said to be "dirty" because of its source and how it was acquired.  If a thief exchanges some stolen $100 bills for $20 bills through an unsuspecting party, those $20 bills become "dirty" while the $100 bills become "clean" (as in your example).  If the exchanger knew that the money was stolen, then both piles become "dirty".  If the thief is caught, the cops should take the stolen money from him and return it to the victim -- but the same amount, not the same bills.
I don't see what p2p and independence from trusted intermediaries have to do with fungibility.  Cryptocoins as a whole are not fungible (bitcoins cannot be indifferently replaced by litecoins), but they satisfy those two requirements.  
Ditto for untraceability.  Bitcoin itself is an example of a system where payments can be sent p2p without a trusted intermediary (well... except for those 5 guys in China), yet they can be traced by any agency with enough resources and access to the internet infrastructure.  
Indeed, I don't see how one could ensure perfect untraceability of internet payments.  At some point the virtual currency must be exchanged for fiat, goods, or services. So, payments can probably be traced by monitoring the entry and exit ramps, and the communication channels between the two parties.
@_date: 2016-07-29 04:49:55
Do you really think that you can convince anyone of soemthing, just by repeating it over and over?
@_date: 2015-02-17 08:59:45
He is spreading FUD, of course.  Actually there were no bitcoins in 2023, he learned about them in his history class.  He came to now because now there still are exchanges that haven't been hacked to death.  He is trying to get the price down a bit more before he buys all he can.  Then he will sell them in November 2013.  (That is why the price will crash in December 2013, by the way.)
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:42:58
No one taught me that, I saw it happen many times...
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:47:52
Why is Jude Law's picture in that article?
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:37:47
Well, the problem with the current pizzerias system is that you must trust their cats whenever you send pizza to anyone.  So bitcoin is like this system where any cat can send pizza to any other cat, without any central cat.  The way it works, there is this chain of cats, and any cat who wants a pizza sends a pizza pan to a network of cats who meow all the time, and the first one who gets a loud enough mew will have its tail tied to the whiskers of the previous cat in the cat chain, and any pizzas on its back are considered delivered, unless ...
Too long, didn't read: See the cat! See it catch the pizza! See it cut! See the kit-cat cut caught pizza in Ibitza!
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:37:29
I understand that there is no obvious way to fix the problems created by the fixed block reward and other design choices, that led to the overbloated mining network.
I understand also that, beyond a certain point, more hashpower does not increase the network's security.  On the contrary, if the price drops enough for a significant time span, there will be more hashpower turned off than active; and that idle hash power could be used to launch a malicious 51% attack (since its owners will have nothing to lose).  That is, the miners themselves are a potential risk, that will not diminish by having more miners.
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:36:39
Add another one: 
+ Bitcoiners refuse to admit the problems. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 17:51:36
And then you woke up?
@_date: 2015-02-07 18:32:10
The bankruptcy trustee, Mr. Kobayashi, was trying to recover some hefty loans that MtGOX had made to its parent company Tibanne and it sister company Bitcoin Cafe, both owned by Mark.  Since Mark refused to repay the loans. Kobayashi has now asked for Tibanne too to be placed in involutary bankruptcy.  
Several month ago, Kobayashi was still unsure on how to collect and validate the claims of MtGOX vicitms, so he asked the Judge and obtained an extension of the deadline for filing the claims, to May 2015.  He has still to release instructions on what can be claimed and how to file the claims.  he will then have until September 2015 to validate those claims.
Since then, Kobayashi  has hired Kraken to *possibly* help with the analysis of mtGOX's database, collection of the vicitms' claims, and the distribution of the remaining 220'000 BTC.  IIRC, Kraken actually paid for this "privilege", but received in return MtGOX's hardware, which was ostensibly wiped clean by other consultants.  It is not clear, however, if the bitcoins can be returned as bitcoins, of if they would have to be auctioned.
EDIT: finished a sentence about Kraken's role.
@_date: 2015-02-09 12:02:06
It was not "right before"… there was about one month of flat prices between the last halving (**2012**-11-28) and the start of the next rally (2013-01-06) that took the price to a peak of 226 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-18 21:14:55
Those coins are currently off the market.  The auction will take ~12 million dollars out of the pockets of people who would otherwise buy bitcoins on the market (open or over-the-counter, does not matter) and give them to Uncle Sam, who is definitely not going to use that money to buy bitcoins.  So, those auctions create a non-negligible negative pressure on the price.
One may debate whether the negative effect has been "priced in" already, or will be felt only in the following days or months.  However, not all traders are rational enough to "price it in" properly.  As usual, the consequeces of this event are hard to predict...
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:16:35
The amend is wrong too:


There is no feedback from mining to the BTC price.  The price rose because of demand in Mainland China, and then crashed because of the Chinese government decrees that restricted  the use of BTC.  


The reason for this is that the market is very efficient and equilibrium will be found very quickly between the cost to mine and the price.
This is true only if there is efficient hashing power that is turned off, ready to be brought back in -- as may be the case now, because of the low price.  Otherwise it takes months for a new mine to be set up.  During Nov/2013 
mining become extremely profitable, and probably remained so for many months afterward, considering that the total hashpower did not drop until very recently.
Also, when the last reward halving happened, there was no corresponding drop in the hash rate; which indicates that miners' profit was 50% or more at the time.
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:15:52
Sigh.  But there are important differences: (a) sane law-abiding people do not use large amounts of cash or keep them at at home, they keep them in the bank; whereas bitcoiners are told to be their own banks.  (b) One cannot take half a million dollars in cash out of the bank without the bank getting suspicious, and (c) one cannot do that in the next 10 minutes or else, and (d) the robbers would have to carry the cash with them; and, on the other hand, (e) if the victim wires the money to another bank account designated by robbers, they will not be able to cash it out for many hours, during which time the victim may cancel the transfer and/or the police may get in the way. 
So, please, don't say "it is the same with fiat".  Bitcoin is much better than cash or bank money for robbers and kidnappers, so much so that they demand ransom in BTC even when the victim does not have BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-01 07:11:28
Because it puts the profit of the business at risk, complicates the tax accounting, requires special training of staff, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:11:30
What is tinfoil?  The 100% part?
@_date: 2015-02-14 12:28:36
My estimate is basically that of the original poster.  There may be a couple million people who have tried using bitcoin once. 
It has been pointed out that most of the BlockChain.Info wallets are empty, more than 90% of the accounts at MtGOX were inactive, etc.  Probably many of the Coinbase accounts are inactive too.
On the other hand, as of last September there were only ~650'000 blockchain addresses with at least 0.1 BTC or more (~50 dollars at the time).  I would take that as the maximum number of people who are actively holding or using bitcoins.  Sure, some users keep their coins at an exchange and have never withdrawn them, and others buy only the exact amount they need for payments and spend it all immediately.  However, many bitcoiners keep their coins divided into dozens of addresses.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:03:36
Weren't he, Donald Norman, and Patrick Stratman involved in the Intersango collapse?
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:43:50
Unless the guy you are trading with is an undercover agent, or chooses to rat on you...
@_date: 2016-07-15 03:09:46


Again, I find your trust and faith in Jesse moving... But so far he has only prevented the release of the claims list.
@_date: 2016-07-15 10:43:46


Gold too is a very atypical commodity.  It does have a "fundamental" price, due to its production cost and its non-speculative demand, for industrial and decorative uses.   But, because of its high value/weight ratio and its durability, a lot of it has been hoarded -- not just in vaults, but also in people's homes, as jewelry bought for investment rather than for wearing.  Today, maybe 80% or more of its current price is due to speculative trading (and a massive "sky will fall" marketing campaign), rather than the fundamental demand.  If it wasn't for that speculative overpricing, its market price today would probably be 300 USD/oz or less. And, as a result, it has also seen extreme volatility over the last 20 years.
Gem-quality diamonds too are commodities whose price has been greatly inflated by speculation -- in this case, with all production in the hands of a single supplier cartel.


Money in banks accounts, Paypal, and Visa also has these properties; to a higher degree than bitcoin. And penny stocks and ponzi shares have them too, although the transmission is somewhat slower even than bitcoin's.


That is the case for stock of legitimate companies.  "Penny stock", I understand, is stock of failed companies that do not have any assets or products. Such stocks should have zero price, but since they can be still traded, they are often used by scammers, who pump their price up and sell them to naive investors with implicit promises of huge gains.  Like some bitcoin investors do with bitcoin. 


Rather than "intrinsic value" I prefer to use "fundamental price", which is the price that would result from non-speculative demand and the cost of production.  Just being scarce and costly to produce does not make an item valuable: consider the Zimbabwean dollar bills, or the domestic sewage of San Marino.  You need real demand, too.


Bitcoin is not like gold, nor like a bottle of water in the desert, because has no fundamental demand (bitcoins do not exist, in a very strong sense, and cannot be used for anything) and its scarcity is both artificial and illusory.  The 21 million limit could be raised to 21 trillion, and the issue rate could be raised to 50 million per block, by changing a few lines of code; and then there is an infinite supply of cryptocurrencies that would have exactly the same properties of bitcoin, except the marketing. 
Bitcoins are more like bottles of compressed vacuum being sold to naive NASA engineers for use in high-orbit spacecraft.
@_date: 2016-07-14 23:28:50


[Of course you can!](
@_date: 2016-07-23 13:48:20
Because the internet, even with a dialup modem, let you do things that you could not do otherwise.  Whereas bitcoin...
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:16:07
Dollars moving through bank accounts are perfectly fungible (that is the legacy of Crawfurd v. The Royal Bank), yet totally traceable.
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:45:53
That is not how the "attack" will be carried out. 
There will usually be *three* branches of the chain: two using the old protocol, and one using the new one.  The faithful miners will try to mine blocks with good transactions according to the old protocol. The cartel will mine alternate blocks, *on that same chain, also with the old protocol,* but filled with their own pointless transactions, excluding most good transactions, and starting with their own last block on the original chain.  Even if the faithful miners manage to get a few blocks ahead of the cartel, the cartel's branch (consisting only of cartel-mined but valid blocks) will eventually get longer, and the blocks added by faithful miners will be orphaned.  All faithful users will then ignore the orphaned blocks and acecpt the cartel ones -- *by the rules of the original protocol.*  Meanwhile, the third branch (incompatible, with the change desired by the cartel) will be mined by a subset of the cartel and by any miners who give up and upgrade.  Any client who upgrades will find his bitcoins still there on the third chain.
@_date: 2015-02-01 22:41:38


When I checked Coinbase's site,  it said only that Coinbase would keep client's money in an FDIC-insured bank.  Literlallly, that would mean that if the *bank* fails then the FDIC will give *Coinbase* up to 250 k$.   
Some have argued that Coinbase may use "pass-through" insurance so that each client's account would be insured up to 250 k$ by FDIC even in case of *Coinbase* failing.  But that does not seem to be viable, given the logistics of Coinbase and banks.  Anyway, if that were the case, Coinbase would surely have said that on their site.
@_date: 2015-02-27 23:29:01
That is interesting.  I see that they started accepting payments of preorders in 2012-10, is that correct?  Would you have a guess as to how many of those units were sold until the peak of the bubble (April 2013)?
However they are a Chinese company.  From the plots above, there was extra demand for bitcoins in BTC-China only at first, only in the last few days did Bitfinex and MtGOX pick up too.  Wouldn't Avalon accept CNY from Chinese customers?
@_date: 2015-02-15 20:36:30
How do you guard against double spends?
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:04:54


No, sorry: the application was bitcoin, designed from the start to sit right on top of the internet; and the blockchain was just an implementation detail of bitcoin.
Only in the last 6 months, as people realized that bitcoin was not going anywhere as a currency, the claim has been made that blockchain was the big invention, and bitcoin was just an application on top of it.  Let's see how that works out.
Sort of like claiming that nuclear fission is not important, it was just an application on top of the nuclear reactor vessel -- which has many amazing applications, and can be a commercial success even if nuclear fission itself fails.
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:57:18
Ribbit ribbit ribbit
@_date: 2016-07-28 19:05:46


Not really.  
The stated primary goal of bitcoin, which is consistent with the design, was to allow p2p payments without the need of a trusted third party.  Anonymity and privacy were accidental consequences; because identification of users would require a central authority, that would then be a necessary trusted third party.  
According to the whitepaper, Satoshi viewed the privacy provided by banks as adequate; and argued that, with some care, bitcoin could approach that level.  
@_date: 2016-07-15 01:38:42


Jesse promised results, allright;  your faith and trust in him are quite moving, but has he actually released anything?
Two and a half years after the collapse, still no one knows where those coins went.  Mark has not been charged with their theft, but he has been charged with embezzling a million or two of MtGOX's FIAT holdings.   And there is no news of anyone else being suspected of it.
So, I think that the events in that case rather support my claim.   
@_date: 2016-07-15 00:00:47
Currencies are not meant to be investment instruments. 
A reasonable investment is something that is very likely to be at least as much in demand in the future as it is now -- for whatever definition of "future" that you care about.  
At the moment, gold is not a reasonable investment (it could easly lose 2/3 of its value in a few years), cryptocurrency is terrible (it could lose 100% of it).  There may be some materials (aluminum? copper?) that are likely to retain most of their value, because their price is due to the high energy costs of producing them, and energy is not likely to become cheaper so soon.  But they are bulky, and I would not know whether they are really at their fundamental price, or overpriced like gold.  Artifacts like cars and boats are likely to become technologically obsolete and lose a good part of their value in less than a decade.  
It is better to invest into something that is fairly certain to give a positive return.  Could be stocks of solid companies, treasury or bank bonds that pay inflation plus some interest, real estate that you can rent or grow something on, tools and equipment for your job, a good college and a masters degree, ...
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:26:27


More percisely, one can be replaced by the other without objections by either party.


Not really.  Dollar bills are identifiable by their serial numbers, but no one cares about them, and no one can claim property of *specific* bills; so they are fungible.


That does not follow at all.  Money in bank accounts is perfectly fungible.  Indeed, it does not even have serial numbers, like cash, because it does not actually exist.  Yet, while money is in the bank system, it is completely traceable.
Again, you are confusing *intrinsic* attributes of specific currency units (like whether a penny is made of copper, plated zinc, or plated steel)  with attributes of their possessor and how he got them (like whether he is a criminal at large, or got the money from legal or illegal activities).  For the latter, it makes no diffrence whether the possessor exchanges  the units of currency by other units, or by other value-carrying things.
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:46:48
Hm, indeed I stand corrected. The news came out on 2014-12-11, right?  I see a +200 CNY spike on OKCoin (if we measure from the bottom of the sudden dip just before it), and a +23 USD on Bitstamp (ditto).
@_date: 2015-02-24 04:00:30
How many bitcoins are in those wallets?  How many wallets are non-empty?
@_date: 2016-07-23 20:51:25
And why would people care about one more intermediary (besides all the ISPs and routers and telecomm companies that your packets go through)?
(I know one answer, but society does not want that...)
@_date: 2015-02-17 13:58:50
This has been posted here twice already.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:57:35
I recall reading in the Foundation bylaws that the board can change the bylaws at will, without even informing the members.  Is that correct?
@_date: 2015-02-08 22:58:16
In other words, it will work because you can mine a Martian ~~altcoin~~ sidechain that is pegged to bicoin.   
Payments between planets would have to wait for the coins to propagate through the peg, right?  How long would that take?
If there are no block rewards in the  sidechain, wouldn't there will be double of triple fees for an interplanetary payment -- one fee on each chain, possibly one for the peg passage?
Meanwhile AstroPayPal will probably do it with ~2 D/L time (D = distance, L = speed of light)...
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:45:39


No.  
You are still missing the difference between an investment that is expected to create new wealth (with low or high risk, it doesn't matter)  and pay off a ROI from that created wealth; and an "investment" into something that does not produce any goods or services while it is being held, and whose ROI can only come from the investment of later investors.
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:55:55
As of 2014-09-10, [there were less than 350'000 addresses in the blockchain with at least 1 BTC in them[(  A person who invest in bitcoins should have at least one address with at least 1 BTC in it, with few exceptions.  Therefore, the number of people who are investing in bitcoins cannot be more than 350'000 (and is probably a lot less)
MtGOX alone, on the other hand, had over 1 million accounts.  So it is a fair estimate that 80-90% of the people who **tried** bitcoin are not investing in it.  
Now, how many people who know what bitcoin is have tried it at least once?  Most of the people I have mentioned bitcoin to (mostly university profs and grad students, old and young) have heard of it and can understand it as well as most bitcoiners.  Not one of them has been tempted to buy any.   It may be a biased sample, but I believe that know:try = 10:1 is being too generous.  (Said another way, by now 30 million people must have read enough about bitcoin to have an idea of what it is.)
@_date: 2016-07-16 01:39:07


No, it is not the same thing.  Gold and bitcoin peddlers want you to believe that, but it is not true.
If, for some bizarre reason, all the Apple stockholders were forced to sell their shares over a three month period, those shares would promptly find buyers for a little less than their startting market value.  That is because the value of the stock is grounded in fundamentals, like how many iPhones the company sold last quarter, etc.. So, if the price drops a little, there will be plenty of buyers.  
That would not be the case for bitcoin (probably not for gold either).  You can see how the price suddenly  jumps up and down by $10 or more -- and stays there -- when a whale buys or sells a larger-than-usual lot of bitcoins.  That's because the price is entirely speculative; there is no explanation for the price being any particular value.  So, if a large sale makes it drop from $680 to $650, all the other traders just assume that the right price is now $650, and continue trading around there.
If all current bitcoin holders were somehow forced to sell their 16 million bitcoins over 3 months, they would not find nough buyers to sustain the price near  $670.  The price would drop hard, and the drop itself would scare more would-be buyers away.
@_date: 2015-02-01 21:57:52
Yes, I read the bill: it says that the proponents do not know what they want, and hope that someone will figure it out for them.  I hoped that someone here would have a clue...
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:29:04
Why, of course!
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:39:04
Aleš's algorithm is very simple: if two addresses appear as inputs to the same transaction, it assumes that they belong to the same wallet.  That is because *normally* one needs to have both private keys to sign the transaction.   
His "wallets" are clusters of addresses,such that all addresses in a cluster are connected by a path of one or more of these links, and there is no connection between any two addresses in different clusters.  (In mathematicall language, they are the equivalence classes of the reflexive,symmetric, and transitive closure of the "appear together" relation; or the connected components of the "appear together" graph.)
Some of those "wallets" can be identified with famous entities by addresses that were published somewhere, or by experiment (send a few satoshis to Bitstamp, and wait for that receiving address get merged into some big wallet).
The algorithm can fail in two ways.  If BitPay (for example) has some receiving addresses that were never merged with the others, those addresses will appear as an separate wallet with a nondescript numeric "name".  (For that reason, in fact, each time the database is rebuilt some wallets may gain "new" transactions that happened arbitrarily far in the past.) 
The other possible failure is that one *can* issue a transaction where the inputs belong to two different people, each signing his part of the transaction.  The CoinJoin service does that all the time.  For that reason, most of the addresses that were used with CoinJoin ended up in one humongous wallet, which Aleš called "MtGOXandOthers" before he knew what it actually was.
@_date: 2015-02-15 01:38:57
When the euro was deployed in Europe, many may have been rooting for it to fail, but tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions, wanted it to succeed.  
Every time Brazil changed its currency, a hundred million brazilians hoped that the new one would succeed.   That was especially true of the last one, the real, which was supposed to end the chronical inflation.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:10:24
That's OK.  Anarchists also helped Mussolini and Hitler, in spite of themselves, by telling people that their governments were broken and needed to be disposed of.  That was Step 1.  
By saying that government should not regulate the internet and should let the telecomm companies do whatever they want with the packets, libertarians and anarcho-capitalists are, in spite fo themseves, helping  those companies complete Step 1 of the script for turning the internet services market into their monopoly/oligopoly.
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:37:04
Really great! 
... until hackers deploy man-in-the-middle malware that changes people's votes without them noticing ...
... until the guys administering that system decide that candidate X must be elected because he has promised to double their salaries ...
... until the mobsters in some part of the city demand that people vote for candidate X, and run a screensaver while voting to prove that they did ...
... until the mayor of some town sends a finnicky building code inspector to the home of everyone who did not vote for him ...
... until a candidate who lost by 3% of the vote claims that the election was rigged, and his voters take to the streets in riots ... 
@_date: 2016-07-15 01:22:31


The [Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC]( was operating as a ponzi at least since the 1980s, but was exposed only in 2008, when it collapsed.  In those 25-30 yeats it took in 18 billion USD from investors; who believed to own 65 billion in assets, when in fact they had nothing.


How did you pay, through BitPay or Coinbase?  Do you know how those companies work?


When I first learned of bitcoin, in November 2013, a huge MLM scheme called TelexFree had just colapsed here in Brazil.  Ostensibly, the company sold some lousy long distance phone phone cards; but people bought sales franchises because (following the standard MLM model) they would get fat rewards for recruiting more people into the schema; money that, of course, came from the investment of those new recruits.   By the time it collapsed, tens of millions of Brazilians had entered the schema, many of them selling their homes and cars.   Reports estimated the bagholders' losses at over 1 bilion dollars.  
So, when I saw people tweeting that they were putitng their money into this fantastic investment called bitcoin, my first thought was "oh no, here we go again".  
Fortunately, until recently bitcoin did not seem to have had much success in Brazil.  (But we did get at least one bitcoin ponzi, called "Bitcoin Rain", that fleeced "only" some thousand dollars from its victims.)
I believe that Satoshi did not think that bitcoin would become an investment instrument, until others pointed that possibility to him in 2009.  In his posts he guessed that the traffic would grow less than 20% per year; presumably he expected the price to grow at that same pace.  Unfortunately, it has become
a get-rich-quick schema.
@_date: 2016-07-16 01:19:18


It is worse than that: it does not make sense, actually.
You sell your good suburban home for 100'000 pazuzas, which is one year of your salary, and would be enough to buy the sports car of your dreams, the Ferraghini 666.  But instead you store that money into Investment Instrument X, designed to preserve your wealth for decades.  Twenty years later, there has been a war that destroyed half the homes in your country, a recession, and rampant inflation.   Your former home is now in a run-down borough and sells for 2 million pazuzas,  but a similar one in a better neighborhood costs 10 million pazuzas.  Only electric compact cars are allowed in the streets, and the Ferraghini 666 is priced as scrap metal.  Your profession is no longer very demanded, so someone working at your former job, 20 year younger, earns only 3 million  pazuzas per year.  
1.  What should you be able to buy if you redeem instrument X then?  That is, what does it mean to "preserve your wealth" in that scenario?
2. Why should society agree to give you that wealth at that time?  
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:26:13


People have been trying to get micropayments to work for 30 years; basically since public-key signatures were invented. The fundamental problem is that the user incurs in a non-negligible cost, in the form of time and distraction, just to *decide* whether to use a service or buy a product.  Translated into money, that cost is on the order of $1 already.  Therefore, transactions much smaller than that value are uneconomical and pointless.
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:37:45
Well, sorry, I was educated in public schools, so I have never been able to see examples of oligopolies and monopolies evolving into free markets on their own.
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:48:34
The 20MB version must have a different version number and/or use different port numbers, so that each version of the software rejects (or does not even see) the transaction requests and block announcements that pertain the other version.  Each client chooses which version of the bitcoin he uses by upgrading his software, or not upgrading.  He can also use both chains indepenedntly by running both versions of the software, each with its own copy fo the wallet files.  If the same transaction request were to be executed by both chains, total chaos would result.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:21:41
@_date: 2015-02-18 11:50:06
Yes, and also "Coinbase is the first licensed exchange in the US", "Coinbase is fully insured", "Coinbase is licensed in NY and CA"...
@_date: 2016-07-28 20:20:59
Yes, that says


So apparently he viewed both banks and stock exchanges as providing "privacy", even though they know the identites of their clients and are fully open to law enforcement.   In the OP, on the other hand, "privacy" obviously means "ensuring that transactions and user identities cannot be traced by law enforcement".
@_date: 2015-02-28 00:59:45
I have yet to meet a bitcoin believer in person.  I know several people, including some experts in cryptography and computer security, who know what bitcoin is, but would not buy any because of that: it has no backing assets, no dividends, no guarantees, and no entity committed to preserving its value.
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:44:21
Yes, but the slant of that article sems to be: Coinbase's main business will be international remittance between old currencies, such as euro to dollar -- not the sale or purchase of bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:35:36
I have just skimmed through it.  In theory it is interesting, but the boolean formula equivalent to an iterated SHA must be huge, and SHA was probably tested against this type of attack.  
Unless I missed some important detail, I doubt whether this approach would win against a traditional CPU-based miner, much less against an ASIC miner.  
For one thing, each 32-bit operation in the SHA algorithm becomes several dozen boolean variables in the logical formula.  The SAT solver would have to handle each of these individually in the backtracking enumeration.  I would guess that the simplifications to the formula due to the fixed header fields and the result constraints will be limited to the two ends of a very long and broad logical circuit.
@_date: 2016-07-23 20:48:22
Then why do you think that the internet grew?
@_date: 2016-07-16 13:44:17


It is called a "thought experiment".  It is a way to explain concepts that may be hard to explain or grasp otherwise.


Of course.  And all holders will want to sell bitcooin if some other sytstem crushes it, or if its security gets broken.   But that is not the point.


Things with a solid fundamental value (like gold and stocks) can become overpriced because of speculation.  That is almost certainly the case with gold now.  I suppose that it may be happening with stocks yoo (I am not following the stock market), as it happened in 2008 and 1929 etc.  For some things, like penny stocks, ponzi funds, and cryptocurrencies, the price can be 99% or more speculative overpricing.


All food has bacteria.  Therefore, eating a sandwich is the same as eating dog poo scraped from the gutter.


\*Gasp\* \*Choke\*  Few topic in the internet are as as packed with lies, misleading statements, and misconceptions as bitcoin.  For example, every single sentence  in that paragraph is totally wrong.
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:54:22
OK, point taken.  It is however still quite different from "new digital currency", as it has often been called in the media.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:01:28
No.  As the example on their site shows, if the price of BTC doubles, you will get half the BTC; which are still worth the same as what you deposited.
Obviously, if CoinJar removes the BTC price volatility, you will not make a single penny by keeping a deposit in CoinJar.
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:19:13
From the linked page:




Another "Coinbase kind of truth" there.  
@_date: 2016-07-19 19:28:31
The LN is a distributed decentralized network when someone complains about centralization.  It is a hub and spoke network when someone asks about routing.  It is crickets when someone asks about both at the same time.
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:48:07
I shoudl have added a smiley.  But it seems an intriguing comparison anyway...
@_date: 2016-07-21 21:47:24
I **was** right, wasn't I?  I even said it was a "rest", not "coma"...
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:33:53
In other words, the State would be forced to accept BitPay or Coinbase as a payment processor?  Does it already accept Paypal or bank transfers?
@_date: 2015-02-07 11:54:47
It makes the concept of "valid" depend on the node, though.  So a node may think that a block is valid while the majority thinks it is not, or vice-versa.
Should not matter as long as most miners put honest timestamps in the blocks.  But, IIRC, someone once noticed a block timestamp that was less than the timestamp of the previous block.
Have there been instances of blocks being rejected because of bad timestamps?
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:52:13
No mention of Neo&amp;Bee either.
@_date: 2015-02-14 02:18:52
... but let's see if it works first ...
Bitcoin was designed to replace only **cash**, not all other functions of banks.  Not even credit cards.
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:01:19
There seems to be confusion between the currency and the source of payments.
A dollar bill that was stolen from a bank is worth just the same as one that was received in honest trade; but the first one may be seized by the police, and accepting it may be a crime if the receiver is aware of the heist.
If the bank robber "launders" the bills by exchanging them for other bills, it is these that will be "tainted by crime", not the original ones.  When the law seizes money that was stolen, it may seize a different set of bills, or even other non-currency property, for the same value.
So, the fact that the flow of a currency can be traced by the police does not affect its fungibility. It does mean however that, when accepting a payment, one must worry about how the money was obtained, especially when receiving a large quantity of it.  This applies equally to dollars and bitcoins, and is the rationale behind the KYC/AML laws.
@_date: 2016-07-16 16:44:06
But the price that results from that demand is very small.  The money velocity equation gives less than 10 USD/BTC with optimistic estimates of velociy and payment volume.  
The speculators are betting (or trying to convince others) that there will be huge payment volume in the not-so-distant future.  That is why they must pretend that the LN is a sure thing, that will be working in a few years, and then it will take a slice of the Visa market.  Otherwise, with the linear blockchain and 10-minute average delay, bitcoin will not be widely adopted in the foreseeable future.  
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:12:35
\ is false, because it is the opposite of \ which is true.
\ is false, of course (unless you have a very generous definition of "illegal").
\ for all I know, is probaby true.  Online gambling in the US, internet drug purchases, ransomware, and tax evasion are often cited as the main situations where bitcoin is the best, if not only, payment method available.  
For legal purchases, bitcoin has no significant advantages over traditional methods like credit cards and bank transfers, and several significant disadvantages.  There are very few opportunities to use it.  Even when the "pay with bitcoin" option is available, it seems to be chosen only by "bitcoin evangelists", who want to promote bitcoin adoption for iedological or speculative reasons.
@_date: 2015-02-28 06:23:28


I am amazed.  I counted at least 11 totally false statements in those 9 sentences...
@_date: 2015-02-28 14:34:28


Ahem, do you know where that meme comes from? 8-)
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:47:21
The timestamp 1365724800 is the number of seconds since some fixed date, so it includes hour, minutes and seconds.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:21:35
Elderly people in Hong Kong, perhaps?  (I would think that most younger people there would want to learn simplified Kanji, to be able to read material from the Mainland.)
@_date: 2017-06-04 05:32:02
Where is their dad? Perusing the dark net markets, looking for good uses of the bitcoins?
@_date: 2016-07-28 22:09:20
There is a big difference between "has the potential to help criminals" and "is terribly helpful to criminals but of little use to everyone else".
Can you see the difference between 
+ Most bitcoin payments are illegal
+ Most illegal payments use bitcoin
+ Most fiat payments are illegal
+ Most illegal payments use fiat
Which ones do you think are true?
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:13:07
Because the profits of early investors come entirely from the pockets of later investors, as in pyramid scams.
In the case of legitimate stock, the profit of long-term investors comes from dividends or asset growth resulting from the wealth created by the company.   In the so-called "penny stock scam", scammers buy, for pennies, shares of a failed company that produces no wealth and therefore pays no dividends, and then trick other people to buy those shares for real money.  In this regard, investing in bitcoin is a penny stock scam.
@_date: 2015-02-12 04:23:14
I undrstood that the latest numbers (43 victims, 64 M HKD) were provided by the police.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:58:34
I believe Willy was merely trying to do arbitrage with some Chinese exchange.  So he did not cause the Nov/2013 rally, merely helped "export" it from China.
The [**source of the Chinese demand**]( is known (although hardly mentioned in the bitcoin media).  Comparison of the prices at different exchanges indicate that China was leading during the rally (and the folowing crash).  Huobi and OKCoin opened in Beijing only a few months before the rally.  China has clearly defined the price since then. And so on.
Willy's behavior -- small spaced buys that did not change the price very much -- is precisely what one expects from arbitrage trading.  It is very hard to believe that MtGOX's management was unaware of Willy, or that Willy was buying with real money.
I understand that all those "Willy" accounts nominally sold their bitcoins to one "master" account, for a fixed price independent of amount or the current market price.  Those dummy trades are recorrded in the database but obviously did not show in the ticker.  (Is this correct?)  I would guess that the bitcoins were withdrawn from that master account and sent to Chinese exchanges.
From the point of view of the Chinese government, what happened in Nov/2013 was: tens of thousands of amateur Chinese traders suddenty imported a million (or more) worthless pieces of nothing, without going through customs or anything; and were about to pay half a billion dollars (or more) in CNY to the foreign sellers.  If so, the Dec/2013 PBoC decrees and bank account closures may have had the goal, among others, or closing that significant leak in China's  foreign trade balance, and preventing the transfer of all those CNY to foreign hands.  
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:07:02


Is there any other kind of article in those bitcoin media sites?
Think, where they get their revenue from?  It is not from small investors or day traders.  He who pay the piper ...
@_date: 2015-02-23 17:17:11
You must first get it into the blockchain and wait for six confirmations.
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:59:45
Bitcoin mining creates a library of a few hundred thousand pairs of strings (x,SHA(x)) where SHA(x) starts with many zeros.  There is no known method to generate such pairs that is faster than brute force.  Are those pairs useful in cryptography?  I don't know, but they might.  (There are other completely different problems in mathematics where a library of (x,f(x)) is quite helpful.)
But perhaps the goal of the entity that created bitcoin is not those hashes per se, but the deveolpment of fast, energy-efficient, mass-produced ASICs to compute SHA hashes.  (I have seen rumors that the NSA supercenter were having problems with their energy supply.)  
There is one obvious use for such circuits in cryptanalysis.  Suppose that you get hold of the hash of a document that may be fairly large, but whose contents is known except for one small field somewhere -- a password, the bid value at an auction, etc..  A bitcon mine could be repurposed to discover that unknown value by trial and error.  Specifically, a 1 PH/s installation could recover 50 unknown bits (such as an 8-character password or a 12-digit number) in 1000 seconds  
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:24:58


But that is the point.  Like the centralization of mining, the centralization of hub services would happen by hubs merging into larger hubs -- because that is more profitable and/or requires less capital *for each of them*.
Another factor that I did not mention is routing.  If there are three independent hubs, each hub must somehow obtain the state of all channels of the other two hubs, in real time, in order to decide whether a path exists and which hub it goes through. (Or there must be a separate Master Router that has all that information about all the hubs.)  Whereas, for a single hub, the routing problem is trivial.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:09:32


You got it backwards.  But that's OK, who cares about the theory anymore?  Bitcoin is now whatever the "experts" find convenient to pretend it is...
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:48:53
For the banks, the latter is a serious defect, not a feature.  Anyone who has done some accounting knows that errors happen, and therefore transctions must be reversible.
@_date: 2016-07-15 16:38:18


I don't know much about derivatives.  I suppose that some may be legit, some are financial gambling games too.


Rather, ponzi schemes are a form of gambling -- IF all players know that there is no wealth being created, and know what the inevitable end will be.  Otherwise they are scams.


Currency trading has useful purposes in international commerce.  You mean FOREX day-trading?  That is a financial gambling game too.  I would not call it a ponzi, because there are too many differences in how it works.  For instance, there is no disinction between earlier and later investors, it does not depend on a continuously rising price and/or expanding investor base, etc.
@_date: 2016-07-15 13:56:30


The miners will migrate to any altcoin that is ompatible with their equipment and i smore profitable to mine than bitcoin.  So, it is not the miners who anchor bitcoin's popularity, but the other way around. 
The altcoins haven't got much traction because several whales in the US and Western Europe (like Adreessen and the Winklevoss twins) invested heavily into bitcioin in 2013-2014, but don't hold much altcoin.  Those investors have been a major marketing force for bitcoin, and of course they don't want to see atlcoins steal some of their "market".  (But Etehereum was looking like a different story.)


That is a wish, not a prediction.  
It was widely believed before 2013 that atcoins would be DOA because of the "network effect"  and the "first mover's advantage".  But Litecoin and even Dogecoin are still there after 3 years, even though they do not offer any significant improvement over bitcoin.  (However, I have seen claims that some bitcoin arbitragers use Litecoin to transfer value between exchanges, because of its faster block rate.)  Those effects actually don't exist:  better networks can displace the old ones, and first-movers are often dinosaurs that can't evolve fast enough to compete with newer systems.


I am not aware of any alloy that could replace gold in its looks and durability.  My wedding ring still looks as good as new after almost 40 years of rough abuse. "Scratch-resistant" coatings would not have lasted a year.


Indeed, there is a lot of that factor mixed into the "decorative" demand.  
Maybe "noble"  more than "expensive", for gold's historic association with aristocracy and wealth.  Like canopy beds, red velvet and silk, mink fur trimmings, etc...
But gold is still a lot more popular for jewelry than platinum or other white precious metals, even though these are more expensive. On the other hand, copper, bronze, and brass are also quite popular in decoration, for their looks -- not for their price.
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:11:09
Is it a rule, that if something does not happen in 7 years, it will never happen?
@_date: 2015-02-14 13:30:10
Those buys in November were atypical: shares worth almost exactly 10 million USD were bought in four  almost equal weekly installments.  Little investment happened before or after that, and at that time the fund had already suspended withdrawals.  If those are investment by external clients (rather than by people related to the fund), they may well be just one lone investor.
@_date: 2015-02-01 04:33:50
But they can avoid chargebacks *and* other risks by accepting dollars through BitPay.
Volatility is all imortant.  Imagine the merchant sells a 250$ item for 1 BTC, but by the time he has to pay their supplier,  the BTC price has fallen to 230$.  That would turn their expected profit into a loss.
@_date: 2016-07-14 23:27:23
Not a "bitcoin hater", just a "ponzi hater".
@_date: 2016-07-06 00:36:42
You don't even need a sensor to make money with the 21PC.  Just generate random data.  Or fetch data from a free public source (I think there is one in Timbuktu) and add some random noise.  Or get a file of temperatures from 1917 and replay them.
@_date: 2016-07-26 17:12:14
There have been several attempts to create communes run on "libertarian" or "anarchic" principles.  There was [Laissez Faire City]( in Costa Rica.  It was created by [James Ray Houston]( who formerly a silver fund ponzi and later was convicted for [an international fake lottery scam](  Another attempt was [Galt's Gulch]( in Chile.  
Both were scams, of course.  I don't know any example of a successful "Libertarian" community. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 02:04:05
In common language, a ponzi or pyramid scheme is a business that has no real source of revenue, and pays returns to its earlier investors with the money that new investors put in.  (Finance types may have a more resrtictive definition, and distinguish ponzis from pyramids, but the distinction does not matter here.)
A commodity is usually something that people want for purposes other than speculating with it -- like eating it, putting it in their fuel tanks, building homes with it, etc.   Producing a commodity is not a ponzi: the producer creates new wealth, and his profit comes from that.  It does not matter whether the price is constant or varies.  In the latter case, however, speculators may make some money by sort-term-trading it, but that is a secondary phenomenon (and ideally should not happen, because their profit is money taken from the consumers that does not get to the producers).
@_date: 2016-07-16 19:55:21


And how do you know that Bitstamp is not doing wash trading?
They charge 0.5% or whatever when *you* trade there; but it would cost them nothing to buy 10'000 bitcoins from themselves on their own exchange.  Since the trading at exchanges is neither regulated nor audited, they can do that, and much worse, with practically no risk.
@_date: 2016-07-15 19:01:14


There shoud be specialists in each market trying to predict the future revenue and profit of each company over the next few years.  There are many unknows, sure -- such as possible competition by better produts, the general state of the economy (that determines how much the consumers can spend), etc.  But those predicitions are not just wild guesses, or based on vague beliefs for an indefinite future.  
The predicted profits, divided by the number of shares, are the expected return over investment per share, for that time span.  That should define the price of each share.  If the expected dividends are $10 per year,  people may be willing to buy or sell the stock at $100 per share.  No one would want to sell a share for $20, nor buy one for $1000 (except someone who thiks that he knows someting that the other traders don't).
It is possible for the price of stocks to rise well above that fundamental price,  maybe by a spculative frenzy, by excessive hype about some sector (like the WWW in the dot-com bubble).  I don't know whether stock prices are like that now.


How do you know that bitcoin's price is going to go up?
@_date: 2016-07-16 01:48:20


Wait, I thought that the first halving caused the Feb-Apr rally of 2013 .  What caused the depression in mid-2012 then?
Could you please have a look at the [list of bitcoin bubbles]( and tell me which of the 10 or so major burps there were caused by the halvings? (Hint: there was only one halving in that interval).
@_date: 2017-07-21 22:13:28


Well, given your username, your example does not count.  8-)  
I see no concrete sign of that increasing acceptance.  When reports about sites that "aceept bitcoin" ge to actual sales numbers, it is always very close to zero.


Well, I don't see how it can be "digital gold" if its not used for payments.  
Gold has historically been valued because it was a metal with remarkable properties, not just because it was scarce; and no one can create "alt-metals" that are like it.  But people can create infintely many alt-coins that are exactly like bitcoin.  
Also, while gold's scarcity is a fact of geology that not even the most powerful governments can change, bitcoin's scarcity is a consequence of two lines of code, that could easily change if enough of the right people decided to change them.  While increasing the block reward is not profitable for those people now, it may well be in the future.
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:44:14
 A drop to 100$ would probably not make bitcoin collapse.  However, you cannot compare with oil. There is a worldwide demand for oil that consumes a more or less fixed amount every year.  There is no such demand for bitcoin.  The use for e-payments is small, and it does not consume the coins.  
The price of bitcoin is sustained almost entirely by speculation, meaning the expectation that its price will be higher at some time in the future (minutes or decades, whatever).  If that expectation is lost, the price will fall.
@_date: 2015-02-19 10:15:20
There is a HUGE amount of research and experience about voting systems.  People should try to read at least ONE paper before proposing their ideas.
The first thing everybody must know: voting from home is a thoroughly bad idea, no matter how it is implemented.  The first thing a voting system must ensure is that no one can snoop on your vote or force you to vote this or that way.  It is impossible to ensure that if you are not voting in a carefully prepared environment.
Another essential requirement of a voting system is that everybody must understand how the system works and must be able to trust its outcome without having to trust manufacturers, scientists, election commitees, or other authorities.   Systems with voter-verified paper trail (VVPT) achieve this goal cheaply and reliably, and have been used with success for ten years or more.  Any system that relies on advanced crypto to prevent tampering is unacceptable.
Voting for political offices and referendums takes at most half a hour every three months, at worst.  Why are people so obsessed with improving the efficiency of that?   There are many things that waste a lot more of people's time, such as commuting and watching video interviews of Roger Ver...
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:59:39


For the purpose of economic analysis, it does not matter whether the new hardware is bought by the same people or by different people.  (Physical installations, like shelves, AC and power wiring, are a small item in the cost of a mining farm.)
@_date: 2015-02-09 20:57:40
The article proposes free market as the way to prevent oligopolies.  That is just a tautology: oligopolies are merely the opposite of free markets.  It is like saying that the solution to the problem of world famine is to ensure that everyone has enough food.  True, but...
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:52:57
Rather than causing the Nov/2013 rally, Willy couls have been just taking advantage of it, by doing arbitrage -- that is, buying bitcoins at MtGOX and selling them at some Chinese exchange(s).  
Arbitrage is most profitably done by the exchange owners themselves, since they get to know of new orders at least several seconds before other clients.  If Willy was run by MtGOX owners or by privileged clients, it may well have bough on credit, with non-existing dollars.  
This explanation seems compatible with the analysis of the leaked database.  In particular, after the rally ended, arbitrage would mean buying coins in China to sell at MtGOX, matching Willy's reversal as observed in the report.  This sort of arbitrage would also be a very obvious and strong temptation for the exchange owners.
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:02:03
Bitcoin is a layer on top of the internet, just as HTTP.
One difference is HTTP was truly decentralized, whereas bitcoin wants to have a *single* ledger recording all the money and all transactions in the world...
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:06:31
I don't sell investment advice, or competing investments.  
But I would be a rich man if I had one dime for every forum post and article that spurred people to invest in bitcoin by showing them the price chart -- with or without "professional" Technical Analysis.
I would gladly forfeit the dime for any such article that qualified its predictions with "probably", "seems" etc., or admitted that it was just a guess.
@_date: 2016-07-13 01:56:11
Note that the scales are different:
+ Curency uses: 140 million
+ Non-currency: 1.4 million (still ~1% of the total)
@_date: 2016-07-15 12:19:50
Indeed, stocks too can become grossly overpriced due to speculative trading.  The dot-com bubble of 2001 and the general stock bubble of 2008 are examples.
But one can tell to some extent when stocks are overpriced, by looking at the profits of the companies and the projections of the market for their products.  Needless to say, overpriced stock is a bad investment too.
@_date: 2016-07-17 12:22:43
You are still missing the point,  The variation of relative values has everything to do with the discussion, because it makes the concept of "same value"  meaningless when applied across any significant length of time.  


When I was in the US, a modest house in the remote outskirts of Silicon Valley cost 300'000 dollars.  When I visited the place again some 15 years later, the same house would sell for over 1 million dollars -- because the dot-com bubble of 2001 had created an army of rich people in the area.
The price of gold increased some 8x with respect to general cost of living, from 2001 to 2011.  Domestic air travel tickets in Brazil, on the other hand, may now have 1/5 of the price that they had 20 years ago.  Hotel prices, on the third hand, may have increased 3x or more.
And so on...
Moreover you ignored the other important point.  When you finally redeem your shares of Investment X, and translate the value stored therein for cars, pizzas, whatever --- why should you entitled to get those things?  No mater what sort of contraption Instrument X is, those things are not stored inside it,  It is society that will give them to you.  Why would they do that? Why would they give you "the same value" that you put into X 20 years earlier, rather than 1/10 that value, or nothing at all?
@_date: 2015-02-19 15:23:09
When MtGOX was hacked in 2011, Roger Ver (who lived near MtGOX'soffices and was a good friend of Mark) offered to help, and called his friend Jesse Powell to help too.  They spent a few days poking around the software. You can find more details [**here**]( for example.
@_date: 2015-02-15 17:31:38
The old system only needs those vehicles to serve users who prefer an uncomplicated, quick, reliable, free, anonymous, private, widely accepted, hardware-independent person-to-person payment system that does not depend on a trusted intermediary.
@_date: 2015-02-14 21:21:07
Why couldn't this have happened with Bitcoin?  isn't this what happened at Bitstamp (and many other hacked bitcoin sites)?
@_date: 2016-07-28 20:35:22
My salary now is paid by the taxpayers of the State of São Paulo, specifically. But that does not mean much.  What I write on the internet has no influence on my salary; and in fact I have written some very nasty things about my boss the Governor.  Many of my colleagues are rabid neocons, who keep saying that the university should be privatized...
@_date: 2018-12-16 15:16:45
Whereas, if he had just kept his apartment, ...
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:18:41
\ is probably true too. See the other reply nearby.
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:56:17
The "user's mutiny" argument (or the "Big Red Button defense" as some call it) assumes that users will prefer a radical protocol change, that punishes *all* miners, rather than giving in to a change by the cartel that breaks some bitcoin dogmas but has no immediate impact on most of the users.  
Tthat is where I stop following the argument.  I believe that the vast majority of the users may complain and curse, but in the end they will simply conform to the cartel -- because the alterative is worse for them.  Just as the people do not have a choice in practice when governments print more money, or when banks agree among themselves to raise their fees.  Indeed, bitcoin owners will be compelled to come out in support of the cartel and work for a swift painless transition, because any major conflict will only harm the value of their coins.
I insist on one point that seems to be overlooked in those discussions:  users do not have a choice, they will get the same amount of coins on both chains (or on all three chains if the Red Buttn is pressed).  Even if they start using the rebel chain,  they can also use the coins in the cartel chain; if they don't, they will be throwing money away.   So the cartel's chain will not die, even if most users start using the rebel chain.  The question is only how the original coin price will split between the two versions.
@_date: 2015-02-05 13:19:53
@_date: 2015-02-19 04:34:23
Like, a bank? 8D
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:17:56


That is not **my** problem; it is **you** who must find values for those parameters that make the system minimally viable.  
As I wrote in the other comment,  I see fatal problems with any assumed topology.  So I claim, with good reasons, that there is **no** scenario for which the LN would at least look like it might almost work.


The point is not to predict what will or may happen.  It is just to show that the idea *can* work.


That is a very unprofessional and irresponsible way to do software development.  The LN is being used to justify a disastrous change in the protocol.  You definitely ought to do better than that...
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:34:49


"Animals are things with four legs".
"More precisely, animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa)."


Well, that is nonsense.  If that was true, then *nothing* would be fungible, except perhaps isolated atoms, molecules, and some elementary particles.  Even gold bars can be distinguished
Things are fungible *for some purpose*, if they can be interchanged without affecting *that purpose*.  Dollar bills are fungible for commerce, but not for numismatics.
In fact, if there was no difference at all between two objects, then one could not even tell that they are two and not one.  
"I was born with a twin brother.  What still keeps me awake at night is that one of us died soon after birth, and I never found out whether it was him or me."
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:53:22
OK , maybe you will understand it in all caps:
**YOU ARE WRONG.  THE WORD "FUNGIBLE" DOES NOT MEAN WHAT YOU AND AND MANY OTHER BICOINERS THINK IT MEANS.   BITCOIN IS ALREADY PERFECTLY FUNGIBLE, LIKE DOLLARS IN THE BANK ARE FUNGIBLE; AND IS EVEN MORE FUNGIBLE THAN CASH.  THERE IS ANOTHER WORD FOR WHAT YOU WANT, AND IT IS NOT "FUNGIBLE".**
@_date: 2016-07-29 04:18:33


Sigh. Back to the original point: you just said "interchangeable". I explained what "interchangeable" means, more precisely, when one talks of fungibility of currencies: it means that one unit can be exchanged for any other unit *without objections by either party*.  That is more precise, because some things that are fungible by your definition are not fungible by mine.
Any two coins are interchangeable.  But coins in general are not fungible, because the exchange of a gold coin for a silver coin will be objected by someone.
A camel and a cow are definitely interchangeable.  But, if we are talking of transportantion in the Sahara, they are not, because the bedouin would surely object being given a cow instead of a camel.  


You must be a mathemtician, and a terminal case of one. ;-)  Almost all definitions and concepts that one must use in the real world are imprecise and subjective.


At this point, I don't know what you are trying to say, either.
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:29:56


That is not what probability theory says.  The typical unbalance, as I wrote, grows proportionally to the square root of the number of clients.  Just as in a series of N coin tosses, the typical difference between heads and tails grows like sqrt(N).  (It is only the difference between the *fractions* of heads and tails that decreases with N -- like 1/sqrt(N), in fact.)
@_date: 2015-02-14 23:37:25
My guess is that it is the Google Wallet rumor.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:32:55
There was a famous scam of a silver fund by [**James Ray Houston**]( biological father of the current BFL CEO.  His silver vault turned out o be empty.
@_date: 2015-02-26 19:21:45
Their expectations about future prices are based on the same information that ordinary traders have, that is, practically none. If all ordinary trader with money to spare think that buyig 1 bitcoin for  240 USD is a bad deal, those moneybags will think so, too. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 04:10:50
But, given the incurable price volatility and the IRS rulings, it would be totally stupid of merchants to accept bitcoins anyway.
If the owner believes in bitcoin, it should buy them with his share of the profits, not have his company buy them.  There is no price advantage in obtaining bitcoins from customers vs. buying them.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:25:45
I think it is a good comparison.  The bakery's revenue comes from the sale of its bread, just as the miners' revenue comes from the sale of the coins that they mine.
So, indeed, the bitcoin network can maintain its current hashpower only if bitcoins sell for a certain minimum price, just as the bakery is viable only if bread sells for a certain minimum price. 
However, not a penny of the bakery's profit goes to the people who buy the bread, quite the opposite.  Not a penny of the miners' profit goes to the people who buy bitcoins, quite the opposite. 
The bakery analogy breaks down if we consider a time frame when block rewards have become insignificant and the miners' revenue comes from transaction fees.  While a bakery makes bread, the miners would no longer be making bitcoins.  
For that time frame, one could compare the bitcoin network to a sanitation company.  The company's revenue comes from fees paid by the users for the service of collecting and transporting their garbage; but even if the company is profitable, and its shares have a substantial value ("market cap"), that value does not transfer to the "market cap" of the stuff that it transports.
@_date: 2016-07-17 11:26:36
Oops, right! Thanks...  (Why did I divide the block count too by half?)
@_date: 2016-07-15 18:42:31
I am no more a fan of Ethereum as I am of bitcoin.  The point is that their ostensibly unstoppable and seizure-proof protocol was promptly broken -- in order to seize some coins that the developers lost because of a badly written program.  
Which should make you wonder how much trust you can place on the claims that bitcoin is 'seizure-proof'.
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:32:38


I fully agree that a single-hub topology would not work, for your reasons and other reasons.  The problem is that distributed topologies do not seem to work either.
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:04:28
Bitcoin payment processors like BitPay simply convert bitcoins to the local currency and send the latter to the recipient.
More advanced processors like Coinbase take the local currency, (pretend to) convert to bitcoin, (pretend to) convert again to local currency, and send the latter to the recipient.  
If that is what is meant by "bitcoin payments at the state level", what would be the point?
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:23:24
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:12:57
Someone who reads it carelessly will probably think that in 2015 there were 23 billion USD of e-payments using bitcoins.  What the "trading" means however is trading at the exchanges, where that same coins may be traded hundreds of times a day.
Surely BitPay wants readers to misunderstand that number.  Notice that they tell how many merchants are "accepting bitcoin", but do not say how much they have processed last years.  
@_date: 2015-02-16 03:43:19
I know that MMM's logo was removed from their webpage, but was the membership canceled?  If so, who decided that?
(OK, that is only a trolling question. I recall reading in the Foundation bylaws that the board has even the power to change the bylaws without warning the other members.  Is that correct?)
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:48:00


I meant the *units* of money that were frozen etc.  Not the money system.
And you are still misusing the word "fungible" when you really mean "untraceable by law enforcement".
@_date: 2016-07-15 11:27:34
I bet that there are many more unemployed people in Greece WITHOUT a masters degree...
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:24:05
Yes, most of the compromised keys were cracked that way (which affected also keys that had been generated before the bug). However, the few keys that were generated in that interval were easy to guess, and there were a couple of cases of key collision.  (IIRC, the broken random number generator provided only 8 bits of randomness.)
@_date: 2016-07-28 23:05:26


Realistically, they could not do that, because it would yield infintely more harm than results.  The chance that the supermarket patron is connected to the robebry is zero.  Prohibiting the store from accepting that bill would hardly deter further robberies.
Note that those bills stolen from the bank are not really "dirty" in any sense.  They are still perfecly good dollars.  Rather, their appearance in stores are *clues* that could lead the cops to the robbers.  When a lot of them shows up together at some shop, the *person* who paid with them gets suspected of being associated with the robbery; and that is why the shop owner may want to refuse them.
@_date: 2015-02-10 05:04:41
Wikipedia articles are not meant to be press releases or advertisements.  They are **not** suposed to be edited by people who have vested interest in the topic.  They should reflect all opinions, and include references for both sides, positive and negative.
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:26:42
Actually, now PayPal or Western Union cannot strike a deal with your ISP to block bitcoin traffic (or Tor, or any trick that you could use to access the bitcoin network).
@_date: 2016-07-16 02:02:38


Presumably miners and developers did not lose much money in the MtGOX collapse; wereas the Ethereum "elite" was heavily invested in TheDAO.  Also, as others have pointed out, in the MtGOX case no one knew which trasactions to reverse, and reversing them would have caused a big mess that would have harmed many people who had nothing to do with bitcoin.
But in the future there may well be a hack that steals coins from some important person, of many coins from many people.  Then the bitcoin community would be faced with the same dilemma: carry on, or do a hard fork that undoes the theft.  Will it be able to resist?
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:33:35
The BoE report mentions "digital currencies" as something that needs to be studied.  It mentions bitcoin only to say that it has economic problems that render it too volatile.  
@_date: 2015-02-28 00:29:58
Voting looks deceptively simple and archaic, and people can be excused for thinking that it could be improved by modern internet-based technology.
In fact, a voting system must satisfy a number of demanding requirements, which end up ruling out such "modern" solutions.  among them:
1. No one, not even the systems administrators and equipment manufacturers, should be able to modify or exclude votes cast by others;
2. No one, not even the systems administrators and equipment manufacturers, should be able to determine how anyone else voted.
3. Every voter and every candidate, especially the losers and their voters, must believe that properties 1 and 2 hold, before and after the election.
4. The voter himself must be unable to prove to someone else that he voted or didn't vote for any candidate.
5. Any claim of fraud or system malfunction can be verified in a convincing way.
Criterion 4, in particular, excludes any system that allows vote from home or from mobile devices, and any system that requires or allows the voter to use electronic devices of his own while voting.  The vote must happen in a carefully arranged and monitored cabin. Voters must leave any personal devices such as cellphones and cameras outside that cabin, that should contain only certified voting equipment and materials. Voters cannot take any record of their vote out of that cabin, except to place it in a ballot box under the eyes of inspectors.
There are already systems that satisfy all those requirements: plain paper voting, and electronic voting machines with a voter-verified paper trail (VVPT).  They are very cheap and simple to set up and operate, even in desolate places, by any moderately intelligent person.  Their main problem is that their safety depends on correct use: voting officers and party inspectors must know the essential precautions, must keep their eyes open and brains engaged all the time, and the paper ballots must be counted on the spot, right after the election ends. 
I have a few stories of "modern technology" voting systems that were deployed by amateurs, without regard for the above principles, and turned into humongous fiascos.  But the recent runoff election for the board of the Bitcoin Foundation is a good example too. 
PS. By the way, voting is one area where decentralized solutions (like those mentioned above) are infinitely safer, cheaper and more effiicent than centralized ones (like the TBF election).
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:37:07


The purpose of that simulation will not be to predict the future, but to (a) show that there is at least *one* scenario in which the LN would work, and (b) uncover problem spots that need to be addressed somehow.
If a specific scenario was given, some rough estimates could be obtained analytically, even without a simulation.
But I dispute that a basic simulator would be that complex.  It does not have to actually simulate the LN protocols.  Since there is no scalable route-finding algorithm yet, the simulator can just use a central path-finder that magically knows the state of all channels in real time.  Once a path is found, the multi-hop payment can be simulated by simply adjusting the channel balances, without simulating the negotiations and the contract.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 05:59:43
You mean [Autumn Radtke](  The "work issues" that led her to that decision are still not known.  But she had started working with bitcoin not long before that.  On 2014-02-25 the world learned that MtGOX was insolvent and had lost most of the clients' deposits. She killed herself on 2014-02-28.  
@_date: 2016-07-29 04:45:52


Those comments only demonstrate that some bitcoiners just cannot unlearn the wrong things that they have learned from bitcoin forums, no matter how clearly they are explained to them... 
@_date: 2016-07-28 22:30:12
You are still misusing the word "fungible".  
Once more: bank transfers get blocked, seized, reversed etc. not because those dollars are somehow different from other dollars, but because there is something wrong or suspicious with whoever is sending or receiving them, or with the transfer itself.   The suspicion may have been raised by tracing previous transfers, true; but it is attached to the owners and their actions, not to the dollars themselves.
In fact, dollars in the bank do not exist, not even in the abstract sense that the integer 418 exists, or that an mp3 file exists.  There are only ledgers that say how many dollars the bank owes to each person, and how those credits got established and changed.  
@_date: 2017-06-29 17:31:11
That is the probability that the actual value of X (the imbalance) exceeds a given bound k *times the standard deviation of X*.  But the standard deviation itself grows like ~~1/sqrt(n)~~ sqrt(n). 
^(EDIT: I meant sqrt[n], as in my previous comments.)
@_date: 2016-07-16 14:34:23
Since 2013 or so, their volume has always been tiny compared to that of the Chinese exchanges,
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:43:34
OK, but the only thing that props up the value is usage as currency...
@_date: 2015-02-20 03:54:01
The habit of using "we" is so ingrained that when a single author uses "I" the readers think of him as self-aggrandising snob or thing like that.
Ph. D. theses are supposed to be written by the  candidate with only general help from the advisor. Even so, candidates almost always use "we".  
@_date: 2015-02-15 01:44:26
What would be the point?  
Stock shares are certificates of property of slices of the company, including all its assets and future profits.  That is why they have a value. 
Reddit's plans for the "Reddit Notes" were never clarified, AFAIK, and have been shelved.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:38:21
Transactions with many output addresses would have higher fees, so it is only a matter of setting the per-output fee high enough.  Since every input must be the output of some previous transaction, in principle the cost of processing an input has been paid when the UTXO was created.  For that reason, one cannot use transactions with many inputs to DDOS the network.  
However, in order to motivate greedy miners, it may be necessary to also charge a fee for each distinct input *address* (not for each input *UTXO*, or per kB).   The client has no control on the number of UTXOs in his wallet, but splitting among several addresses is his decision, so it is fair and proper that he be charged for that.
Again, I am thinking from the point of view of a prospective client.  If the current protocol is not appealing to clients, then it must be changed; if it can't, then bitcoin is in trouble.
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:52:23
Har har.  
@_date: 2015-02-18 20:57:12
What is the difference between a "dollar-hedged bitcoin account" (or "-denominated", or "-pegged"), and an account in dollars -- like most exchanges always offered?
@_date: 2015-02-16 01:22:28
Just because a computer has never been connected to the internet, it does not mean that it cannot be hacked.  It needs software to run, and (unless the owner is a *really pure* hacker) that software has to be obtained from someone else.  A hacker could sneak his malicious code in that way.
On the other hand, in the system I described above, if one of the computers is connected only to the other computer through a direct USB or Ethernet cable, using a simple private protocol, and the private keys are never sent to the other computer, it is effectively "off the internet".
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:43:09
What about this: 
However this is totally **not** real usage.  No one knows how much bitcoin is used for actual e-payments, but the few clues point to 1-2 million USD/day tops (1/50 of that graph) -- and not increasing, in spite of all the "infrastructure growth".
@_date: 2015-02-26 13:04:45
It does not take an entire department for Juan to figure out that dollars are quite adequate, and much better than bitcoin, for the purpose of keeping his salary money safe for the rest of the month.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:21:55
Are the shares real equity?  (They were traded in BTC at Havelock, right)? IIRC, Neo &amp; Bee shares (also traded at Havelock) were "limited time profit-only shares" (!).  Weren't there some, er, non-standard events in the IPO?  Did investor check the background of the CEO before investing?
@_date: 2015-02-27 21:36:26
The Discount Rate seems to be around 3% plus 10 cents per transaction.  
When they started, BitPay used to charge 30 dollars/month in their advanced plan, but it seems that they dropped fees not long ago.
(That AmEx webpage is one of the stupidest I have seen.  If you type a business type that is not on the list, like "supermarket" or "drugstore", you don't get any response or error warning; the buttons simply don't do anything.  You have to click on "list of professions" and select the one you want.  Yes, "department store" is a profession, of course.  Then you must click "X" to close the reply window if you want to open that list again.  I heard that they had to build a whole new wing in Hell, with extra-hot furnaces, for those web designers who use javascript where plain HTML would be more than enough.
But the best part is that almost all the "professions" seem to have the same rate, "2.89% up to 3.20% plus 10 cents". Only a few, like "taxi",  have a slightly higher rate, up to 3.50%.  So that whole Rubegoldbergian page probably could have been replaced by "2.89% up to 3.20% plus 10 cents for most businesses" and a short table of exceptions.  Or they could simply say "2.89 up to 3.50%".)
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:37:46
Buy an island in the Mediterranean, build there a marble palace with gilded roofs, set up a study room on one of its towers, install a computer in that study room, and use that computer now and then to watch bitcoin's price drop on its own.
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:48:51
Title is not correct: he wants to replaced paper money by debit/credit cards; still the same currency.   
Just one more in an endless stream of silly bills that are proposed by Brazilian lawmakers:
* Bill to prohibit the purchase of importeed books by government agencies
* Bill to institute the Hetero Pride Day
* Bill to prohibit use of condoms
* Bill punishing with a fine the use of a person's name for a pet.
* Bill to include goat's meat in state schools' lunches 
* Bill to distribute free Viagra to impotent people
* Bill to require the Air Force to reveal all they know about ETs
* Bill instituting the National Equitherapeuthics (therapeutic horse riding) day
* Bill requiring horses and donkeys to use diapers when on city streets
* Bill creating the National TV and Movie Series Fans Day
@_date: 2015-02-23 07:32:29
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:12:19
There has never been such a ban by the Chinese government.  The site was a cloud mining ponzi (~52 k USD per contract), not a bitcoin fund.
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:23:07
Well, one flaw *was* discovered: the PoW mechanism inevitably leads to concentration of mining, to the point that more than half of the world's hashpower is held by 4-5 big comanies.  Therfore we must trust those companies, hoping that they will not want to do bad things.
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:43:35
All of them.
Each coud mining contract was 400'000 Hong Kong dollars (HKD) which is about 52'800 US dollars (USD).
Up to yesterday, 30 victims had sought a city councillor.  He quoted MyCoin.hk's estimate of 3000 clients, assumed ~2.5 contracts per victim, so ~3 billion HKD which is ~380 million USD.
Today the number of known victims has risen to 43, and the known losses are ~64 million HKD, or ~8 million USD.
@_date: 2016-07-16 14:38:40


It could be useful to explain how the price of beer depends on supply.  Or the effect on climate of CO2 release from lakes.  Or why boat pilots should not drink while at the wheel. Whatever.
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:32:48
I dislike criminals, and do not want things to be easier for them.  Is that so strange?
It seems that the "freedom enhancing technologies" that some bitcoiners crave for are vastly more useful to criminals than to normal people.   Indeed, I cannot think of many situations where they would have a clearly positive value to mankind.
@_date: 2015-02-05 12:38:42
Indeed.  If there were people selling really cheap bitcoins off the exchanges, people would buy them and sell at the exchanges for profit.  The opposite happen if there were people willing to pay substantially more off-exchange.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:22:08
That 2-4% is a significant percentage.  What kind of business do you have, if I may ask?
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:03:45
He was annoyed about the Coinbase incident; maybe enough to move the BitLicense way down his agenda.
@_date: 2015-02-15 10:24:38
Large regular depositors to Bitstamp include [**KnC**]( and [**BitPay**]( 
Besides  thousands of small "retail" deposits, BitPay used to receive large periodic deposits of 1000-1500 BTC every couple of days.  Some of these seemed to come from miners.  Some examples below:
on 2015-02-05 07:56:58 -2000 BTC to Bitstamp
on 2015-02-04 08:01:09 -1000 BTC to Bitstamp
on 2014-12-02 16:20:33 -2000 BTC to Bitstamp
on 2014-12-03 15:42:21 +1337.8952 BTC from unidentified wallet
on 2014-12-04 18:07:05 +1514.2747 BTC from unidentified wallet
on 2014-12-05 04:24:36 -2000 BTC to Bitstamp
on 2014-12-08 12:31:20 -1000 BTC to Bitstamp
on 2014-12-10 07:22:48 +1590.0765 BTC from unidentified wallet
on 2014-12-10 13:50:12 -2000 BTC to Bitstamp
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:57:25
One theory says that the coins were lost already in 2011, but it is still just one of many possibilities.   I can think of scenarios where the deficit started in late 2013.
@_date: 2015-02-26 02:48:13


What would be wrong with this simple algorithm to assemble a block: (1) the miner takes one transaction request from the pool, at random.  (2) It locates the last use of each input and output address in the blockchain, or earlier in this same block. (3) Using the balances recorded at those places, it checks whether all input addresses have enough funds to satisfy the transaction, and the signatures are valid; if not, discards that transaction and goes back to step (1). (4)  The miner appends the transaction to the block, and the updated balances. (5) Repeats (1)--(4) until block is full, or queue is empty, or had enough. (6) Miner tries hashing the block, publishes it if it succeeds, gives up if another miner beats him, or if more tx arrive and he feels like including them; in any case goes back to (1).
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:09:10
If the BTC price varies by 50% between earning time and tax paying time, the amount paid will vary 50%.  Either the state or the taxpayer will lose.  
For that reason, the tax due on BTC earnings cannot be computed in BTC.  Like any other property, its has to be converted in dollars by market price at the time it was acquired.  The tax is then computed (in dollars) over the converted value, and that is what the taxpayer must pay.
Even if that was the case, suppose that the taxpayer pays his taxes in bitcoin, but the price drops 30% by the time the State sells the bitcoins.  Then the State would get 30% less tax than he should.
I would be very surprised if that bill passes.
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:13:47
The USMS coins will be auctioned in blocks of 2000 and 3000 BTC, that is, 460 and 690 k$.  SecondMarket may again organize a syndicate whereby smaller bidders can pool their money to bid one one or more of those blocks.
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:10:33


Those can take up only a tiny part of the transportation needs.  It would take many painful years for society to adapt to oil-less economy.  (Check the oil crisis of the 1970s...)
@_date: 2015-02-15 20:50:32
The drop may or may not be unconnected to the Bter hacking.  The rise from ~220 USD/BTC to ~260 over the past 2 days was apparently due to the "Google Wallet will accept bitcoin" rumor, and people may have stopped believing in it.
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:57:41


I wonder who built the website for them. 8D
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:45:03
A robber will not ask for your keys or passphrase. He will know (or assume) that you are "loaded" with bitcoins, and will demand that you transfer X bitcoins to his address.  If you show an empty wallet, he will think that you are trying to fool him by showing a phony wallet and hiding the real one.  Not a smart idea.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:22:11
The distribution of bitcoins by owner is at least as skewed as the distribution of wealth in the world, if not more.  There is no obvious reason why it would get better in the future.  So bitcoin by itself is unikley to help in that regard.
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:03:36
You mean v0.10.0?
@_date: 2016-07-15 02:34:29
Caling cryptocurrencies "commodities" is confusing, since they are different in many aspects from tradtional ones --- even if some government agencies decide to tax or regulate them *like* commodities.
A penny stock too could be used as a currency.   Like bitcoin, it would have no intrinsic value, and no entity committed to stabilizing its value.  Like bitcoin, however, speculative trading could give it a very high market price -- much above what the money velocity equation woudl give. 
@_date: 2016-07-15 20:54:53


Yes to both questions.  (I am *not* recommending any particular investment, especially in stocks when they are overpriced.)


The problem of hoarding is that it creates a huge potential supply that could be dumped on the market and make the price crash.  the price might drop lower than  On the other hand, one cannot count on there being an explosion of demand for currency user; and one cannot predict at all the mood of traders and holders in the future.
Looking back at the chart of bitcoin price, I don't see much correlation between mining production and price.  Why was the price ~250 for most of 2015, after having been ~600 for good part of 2014?
(Gold may have the same problem: there is a lot of it in the vaults, and, if ill winds were to blow through investors' minds,  the price could drop even below the historical minimum (~260 uSD/oz) for a while, before a new equilibrium is found.)
@_date: 2016-07-16 23:57:25


All those things are fragile.  The big advantage of bitcoin is that there are some big whales -- like Roger Ver, Andreessen, the Winkles -- who have invested a lot in bitcoin in 2012-2013, but are not invested in altcoins.  Those investors want to see more new investors buying bitcoins (the only way to push the price up), and do not want the altcoins to steal some of that "market".  They can afford some extra money for advertising (on Bloomberg, newspapers, the bitcoin media, etc.) and for "bribing" companies so that they stick to bitcoin and shun altcoins.  
@_date: 2016-07-16 23:48:46


The causality FOR BITCOIN goes the other way, because of its peculiar character: the production rate is fixed (so what happens in the mining industry does not affect the supply, hence the price); but the PoW competition among miners causes the cost of production to be MAXIMIZED, until mining is profitable only for the best miners.  Since the raw revenue of the mining industry is fixed at ~~900~~ 1800 BTC/day, the cost of production will track the market price of BTC (after some delay).
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:26:55


You are looking at it in the wrong way.  You should compare 1 hub serving 1000 clients with TWO hubs, each serving 500 clients.  The total amount needed for hub→client channels in the same in both cases, but in the second case each hub also needs funds for the hub↔hub channel.  
Given the delays in opening and closing a channel, this funding must be at least as much as the unbalance expected between the two groups of clients over a couple of days.  Even if each clients channel is balanced in the long run, the typical unbalance between the two groups, at any future moment, will be roughly proportional to the square root of the number of channels.
That will be one incentive for hubs to merge into larger and larger "hub pools",  eventually a single one.
Another even stronger motive is the fatc that, in the second case,  half of the clients will have to pay two hub fees instead of just one.  Thus simple clienst will want to connect to the largest hub, to minimize their fees.
@_date: 2015-02-07 11:01:41


Not exactly.  They had their own collection of over 1 million accounts, whose balances were kept in a private database.  The BTC deposited by clients, that were supposed to belong to those accounts, were kept, all mixed together, in several blockchain addresses controlled by MtGOX.  As a consequence of some foul play that still hasn't been explained, the amounts in those addresses came to be ~660'000 BTC less than the sum of all client accounts in the database.


You must be sure that (1) the address generation software that you used is not malicious (2) the laptop that you took offline did not have bitcoin-stealing malware in it already (3) that the merchant address you are sending coins to is not actually the thief's …
Note that you must also sign all transaction requests in the offline computer, too, and transfer the signed requests to the online computer via thumbdrive. (That is what the Trezor does -- it is basically a convenient "offline computer" that you can carry in your pocket.)
Your bitcoins can still be stolen by the "wrench method": "Send 500 BTC to this address or you will not see your spouse/child/dog/favorite organ again."
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:45:28
Matlab was designed for computing with floating-point matrices mostly, why do you want to use it for an essentially discrete thing like the blockchain?  Sure, it can be done, but...
EDIT: besides, I doubt that you can parse the entire blockchain with matlab withot it running out of memory.  You can't easily control its memory allocation policies.
@_date: 2015-02-21 11:48:27
Actually it happened already. 
A few months ago, Blockchain.info provided wallet software to their clients that used a totally broken random number generator.  As a result, in the few hours that the buggy software was posted, some customers got the same pair of keys, and others got keys that were easy to crack.  In all, several hundred people were affected, and about a 1000 BTC were grabbed by hackers (but most of them were returned).
@_date: 2016-07-15 17:48:58


Looking at the [gold price chart]( for the last 20 years, I can see that the price was actually decreasing until 2001, when it was ~260 USD/oz.  That price probably includes some speculative overpricing, so it seems fair to guess that the fundamental price then (what it would be if there was only the industrial and decorative demand) should be perhaps 200 USD/oz.  That demand is not expected to change too fast.  The rise to 1800 on 2011, and the following crash and recovery. must be due to investment and speculative trading.  
Discounting the movement after 2001, and accounting for USD inflation since then, I would guess that the fundamental price today may be 250-400 USD/oz.  Thus the market price or 1328 may be 3 to 5 times the floor price.
@_date: 2017-09-10 12:28:01
Do you accept bitcoins directly, or via a payment processor like BitPay?