@_author: jtblair92
@_date: 2014-01-30 08:52:40
I think that the words I use have very little to do with what stock and value I apply to them. I realize you consider the governme t to be a criminal gang, and in some respects I can certainly see your point, so let's push the analogy. Consider a generic city mafia. They might use a phrase like "whack" to denote the act of assassination. I would approve of their use of that phrase to mean assassination, regardless my thoughts on whether the given *action* was good or bad. By acknowledging that a government's use of "criminal" denotes an action in violation  of an established set of laws, I am not submitting anything to them. I am simply understanding what it is they are attempting to communicate. There is very much a free market of words. I can use any I'd like to mean anything I fancy, and I can even make up new ones. I also understand thay every other agent can do the same. What I put my stock into with these words is what really matters. 
Edit: drunk and on phone. Sorry for the misspellings and odd breaks.
@_date: 2014-03-11 05:22:29
I love this reply, and just want to shout out to a fellow Alabama alumnus. You make the school proud; I remember you speaking here my freshman year! 
@_date: 2014-01-29 10:05:41
Belfrey, do you think there is crime outside of a governing body? Krivvan seems to have absolutely routed your reasoning, here. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:10:14
A government may not have any power to objectively define an action as right or wrong, but Krivvan's rather modest point is that government bodies do, by their very nature, have the necessary and sufficient power to label criminal from non-criminal. Notice that this point bears fuck all on the legitimacy of any given government, or the legitimacy of government in general. The ability to label actions crimes is simply a feature they possess. This is just a semantic distinction. 
EDIT: I'll add for clarification the point that because many crimes are arbitrarily determined, granting that a government can make those determinations says nothing about whether they are "right" or "wrong". 