@_author: jthomas222
@_date: 2018-01-31 05:47:59
Was it immediately declined? Were they all from the same bank? It's weird because my deposit went through immediately (Arvest checking account), and the BTC was available immediately in my Coinbase account, and I transferred it to my personal wallet. But then about an hour later I got the e-mail saying it was declined. But I still have the BTC, and there's no alerts or negative balances etc in my Coinbase account. Weird. The purchase was done around 7pm EST or so, and I got the e-mail around 8pm EST. Then I tried the same purchase with a different checking account (Chase) that I've used on Coinbase but not nearly as much as my main checking account, and that was 2-3 hours ago, and I didn't receive an e-mail saying it was declined this time. So I guess that one went through. I've done tons of transactions on Coinbase over the years and have dealt with fairly large transfers, never had this issue before 
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:29:49
OP here, it looks like Coinbase added an instant buy for bank accounts in the past month or 2. I just tried re-adding my original bank account (which was taking several business days for the BTC to hit), and now the BTC hits my account instantly, just like my newly added Chase bank account. I was not aware that they added this.
Now for the original question, I'm still not sure why it's taking 6+ business days for USD to hit my GDAX account. Is this normal?
@_date: 2018-01-31 05:09:28
Arvest. I tried depositing with my other checking account (Chase) which I've used before on Coinbase and it worked. It's been a couple hours and I haven't gotten the e-mail that I got about an hour after the purchase with my Arvest account 
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:10:33
No, it was for purchase of BTC by way of bank account (you pay a 1.5% fee and get screwed a little on the market price, as opposed to ACH deposits which are free, but you get to lock in the current price of BTC at time of purchase)
The ACH deposits have never been an issue with me, in fact I did a ACH deposit into my Coinbase USD wallet in the past week 
Btw, I received an e-mail from Coinbase yesterday saying that they had resolved the issue and buys, sells, deposits and withdrawals using your bank account should now be working. I think this might have been a system wide issue, not specific to me
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:29:13
No, not talking about debit card. If you buy with debit/credit card it's instant but 4% fee. I haven't used that method since a couple motnhs ago when Coinbase started making bank purchases available instantly. The only benefit to using credit card was that the BTC was available immediately, and while purchases from bank were guaranteed the current BTC price at the time of the transaction, the BTC wasn't available in your account for a few days. A couple of months ago, they started making the BTC available immediately on bank purchases as well, so now there's absolutely no reason to use credit/debit card (4% fee) vs bank purchase (1.5% fee)
The best option to buy as far as fees goes is to do USD deposit from bank to GDAX USD account, and then buy BTC at market price on GDAX. There is a 0.25% fee to buy and 0% fee to sell. So buying $10,000 worth of BTC at market price will cost you $25 in fees total. Tough to beat that. You can even do a limit order to negate the fee, so just put in a limit order for 0.25% less than the current market price, and you can buy BTC with absolutely no fee, assuming it gets filled. Tough to beat this method. The only downside is that the USD deposit from your bank account to your GDAX account takes like 5-7 business days, and BTC can fluctuate a lot in that time. Like today, I had no USD left to buy BTC on GDAX, and BTC was down to 8700, so I paid the 1.5% fee to buy now and lock up the current price at 8700. BTC has already gone up 4% since then so as of now that was worth it. BTW - the "1.5% fee" quoted by Coinbase is actually a 2%; Coinbase sneakily charges a 0.5% premium to market price on both buying and selling on Coinbase. GDAX does not do this, you can set your price to buy/sell at with limit orders, and market orders are filled at the actual current market price