@_author: jtiannelli
@_date: 2018-03-09 00:24:12
A vision of a world that utilizes blockchain to improve itself through decentralization while providing increased transparency into anything or anyone we interact with.  Put simply the world will allow value to be exchanged as a tokenized barter system.  This system will not need a central authority to establish the trustworthiness of the parties involved and process the transactions for them.  
Imagine It is 2023. It’s a new day and you alarm clock goes off and you coffee maker starts.  Your coffee beans were sustainably sourced the Columbian farmers received the industry standard 14% of market price in FOOD Token from their distributor in the Europe where the coffee was sold that distributor made got to keep 22% of the FOOD tokens and the other parts of the processing, supply and transportation chain were equally compensated.
However the transportation company does not accept food tokens as payments.  They only accept MOVE Tokens which is no problem the Coffee Distributor simply exchanges their FOOD Tokens to MOVE Tokens utilizing the SWAP Token transfer service.  The transportation company TRANSPORT is actually who you work for.
You go downstairs and grab the coffee and sit down in front of your computer.  You are responsible for visual oversight and emergency breaking of 4 autonomous vehicles transporting coffee along various routes.  You have never actually drive these routes but you have gotten to know them quite well from watching them as many hours a week as you choose.  There are constantly vehicles on the routes and there are enough workers available to watch them. Work as much or as little as you want, or you can have as many jobs as you want.  You don’t need to wait for a paycheck anymore you just get paid instantaneously while you work.  This week you put in 47.25 Hours and Received 94.5 FUND Tokens.  Which is a Fund containing all of the Tokens that are utilized the most.  You can exchange FUND Token for that collection of blockchain tokens.  You exchange 50 of your FUND Tokens for the individual Tokens in the backing Fund.
You receive:
Bitcoin – You hold this like an investment nowadays they’re extremely valuable
Ethereum - The majority of the modern  Internet now runs Ethereum
FOOD – Used at the Grocery Store
MOVE – For ride hailing and transport
GLOW – For access to electricity
KNOW – Used for paying for classes and education related services
SWAP – You use this to exchange the coins you don’t want for the ones you do want
WEAR – For buying clothes and accessories
CASH – A Currency used to pay the few services  who do not have tokenized products
^^^^- Not real tokens but you get the picture
You put in seven hours today and have had enough fun with work.  You SWAP a few of your extra WEAR Tokens for some BEER Tokens.  And catch a ride into town for just a couple MOVE Tokens. Go out and have some fun, catch a TRANSPORT home and head to bed.  Wake up the next day and live how you want to.  Not everyone lives like this, but you choose too and you would never look back.
@_date: 2018-03-09 02:55:53
The transport industry will require processing of data related to driver location, vehicle performance, fuel usage and customer pick up coordination. A token is essentially a reward for processing some sort of industry specific data.  The food distributor will need to track origin farms, fertilizers used, storage temperatures etc. 
A consumer may like the idea of one token buying everything they need... but a blockchain provides an intrinsic value behind the scenes that these industries desire. 
There are significant enough incentives that all industries could move towards tokenization. However, the odds of convincing every company and individual to embrace one token and one blockchain will be as realistic as convincing everyone using the internet to just pick one website that everyone will use. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:08:41
^^^ who could possibly be against this concept enough to down vote it... is there a pro getting ripped off group of people that I'm unaware of?