@_author: jtrick
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:17:51
I'd like to acknowledge that mBTC is a "commodity" in China- an unregulated one at that. The level of disinformation in any commodity, even in America, is astounding. Insider trading, falsifying information, and blatant lying are common with any international currency: precious metals, base metals, and energy goods included. All of these practices are common, because there's no law against them. Anyone with a blog can make up any rumor that comes to mind, and face no penalty for it; there is no federal regulation of commodity or currency speculation (apart from corporate law that's mostly in place to protect banks). "Newsletters," like this article cites as its chief source, write up news that favors their position everyday, even in the states.
mBTC, and all other cryptocurrencies, are based on speculation- I understand that- but in my mind, any rumor that doesn't come straight from the horse's mouth should be looked at with scrutiny; I've yet to see today's rumor validated by a source legitimate enough to trust, all other issues and consequences aside.
EDIT: other opinions are welcome, I'm just skeptical of any initial reports in commodity or currency markets (and from an investing perspective it's similar to a commodity- with supply side economics being the largest detraction)
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:11:29
I'd also like to acknowledge that mBTC is a "commodity" in China- an unregulated one at that. The level of disinformation in any commodity, even in America, is astounding. Insider trading, falsifying information, and blatant lying are common with any international currency: precious metals, base metals, and energy goods included. All of these practices are common, because there's no law against them. Anyone with a blog can make up any rumor that comes to mind, and face no penalty for it; there is no federal regulation of commodity or currency speculation (apart from corporate law that's mostly in place to protect banks). 
mBTC, and all other cryptocurrencies, are based on speculation- I understand that- but in my mind, any rumor that doesn't come straight from the horse's mouth should be looked at with scrutiny; I've yet to see today's rumor validated by a source legitimate enough to trust, all other issues and consequences aside. 
