@_author: jubbzy
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:40:08
I am also concerned about the block size but I have a different analogy.
You find a spot on your skin. You Google it. You're pretty sure it's cancer. You go to the doctor and say it's cancer please cut it out and give me chemo.
The doctor says it's not cancer you moron go home.
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:57:35
The bubble will burst but these experts have not established what that means. Bitcoin has already crashed 3-4 times. Reality is that the effect of this is different for cryptocurrencies. 
For example in the.com crash the companies that went bankrupt we're the ones that hit an arbitrary limited value their assets no longer covered their debts. Bitcoin has no such floor it's value could go all the way down to a single Cent it has no debt. It is in a network effect it will only go away when the last person gives up on Bitcoin. It is beholden to no one and that is it's strength.
Saying that I think the real growth cannot come until it becomes more useful as a transactional system. We need to start spending Bitcoin in our daily transactions to make it more useful. 
@_date: 2018-11-10 02:21:07
I believe in capitalism. As a form coordination of a global society there is no other system that compares to it. But currently capitalism is broken.
I think that the problem with the current monetary system is that debt is too easy to get. Personal and government debt. Debt that is incurred for non productive purposes is a burden on future earnings that ultimately results in a concentration of wealth in the hands of the few and a destabilisation of the economy and society.
A pure uncorruptable store of value and means of transaction takes economic theory back to first principles. You work -- you get paid -- you spend. Debt fucks that up. 
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
This is my opinion.
@_date: 2018-11-03 18:00:13
The point of Bitcoin is to stop this shit
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:50:56
It does raise one serious issue. Criminals know you have a wallet with lots of Bitcoin because you bought something at a shop from an address with lots of Bitcoin in it.
They come round your house. Masked up they put a gun to your head. Transfer the coins. Gone.
How would you catch them?
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:14:00
I have often thought about this. Loans will not look like they do now. With no fractional reserve the banks will lose the power to generate money from assets. 
From the lenders point of view they will need to be very sure that the borrower can pay back the Bitcoin they have lent them. There will be no inflation to make it easier for the borrower to pay back the money so the risks will be greater with a default so the interest rates will have to be higher to cover that risk.
I don't see this is a bad thing. Increasing debt is the biggest problem facing the economies of West. The central Banks have been able to smooth out the peaks and troughs to make everything a lot more stable by adjusting interest rates. Unfortunately now governments have more control over their interest rates then the banks do. Because people want lower interest rates and the governments do what people want then interest rates are too low. That gives them no room to move the next time there is a trough.
With a Bitcoin based economy there will be peaks and troughs but because interest rates will be very high debt will be low and it won't affect our lives as much.