@_author: judyfunny
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:09:18
Hi Just-Dice-- I have &lt; the min amount for withdrawal.  I would still like to get my satoshies.  
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:41:16
I agree with stup2p.  Your site may be doing around 1m a month in loans but 
1.  The loans are paid by investors who may in fact be repeat investors or perhaps just new suckers.  
2.  If your own verification system is accepting counterfeits, then there is something very very very wrong with your model and you should be fixing that problem immediately because as I've assumed and can now confirm, you guys have been accepting counterfeit information for years.  It may only be a matter of time until people stop directing civil action against borrowers and instead against BTCJam and its poor quality control.  
But I do disagree with stup2p on one thing-- I think the tone has been set and it is in fact too late for BTCSca-- I mean BTCJam.  Why?  It's obvious that you all are more interested in generating fees than securing the platform and improving user experience/customer service.  Yes, even your customer service is poor... which in today's world is just unacceptable unless you're Wal-Mart, McDonalds, or a bureaucrat; and even then, how long until your market share begins shrinking just as these companies are beginning to see?  Also, the site's name freakin rhymes with scam.. and instead of counter this, the site is quickly becoming notorious for it.  Even dark markets have more integrity and security than you guys.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 19:07:30
^  Love it.  "Robo-goxed." Coined!  Just add "goxed" to the end of n e thing!  
Money got goxed...  BTM came DOA so we're robo-goxed... fat girls at the bar -- cock-goxing.  It could happen...
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:16:30
In my opinion tt's a shared responsibility of both the site AND the lender.  Why?  Well in order for investors and borrowers to meet on the site, the borrower has to submit documents to the site in order to prove identity.  This is a form of quality control (although it doesn't seem to be doing much for legit investors as scammers are very talented with attaining fake documents).  From here, guidelines are put into place to help aid in transactions (i.e. the ridiculous suggested interest rate, rating system).  These are all tools the site is trying to give you to help you make good investments.  Because of these things and because the nature of this business, BTCJam is not a true peer-to-peer lending site as they want to proclaim themselves; it's more like an ebay with fewer security measures in place, or a bank where people can wear masks whilst soliciting investments.  The site absolutely has a shared responsibility in the matter whether or not they are too blind or lazy to agree so.  These guys are going to get destroyed as soon as more come to the market.  
I completely agree with you.  It's plain and simple, if you're paying for something (i.e. closing costs, fees, and letting them have a ride on your principle)  then there needs to be something you get in return.  No, it's not interest-- that gets paid by the lender (2 out of 3 times).  They should find a way to rectify this.  I mean should as in I know they won't.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 19:28:28
And what of his jokes?
@_date: 2014-10-23 10:56:46
Which turned negative the BitstampUSD or the BTC %?  What happened if you don't mind sharing?
@_date: 2014-10-21 16:59:09
Lols all around @ BTCJam... think about what you're paying for vs. what you are getting with their service.  I won't argue over the 70 or 60 per cent figure but I will say those are still horrible odds for an investments with such low yield.   
If you're a lender: you lend out bitcoin, the borrower decides to scam/or just not pay back for whichever reasons they give, you wait the 120 days, get an arbitration ruling, meanwhile that person has made off with your money and either provided easily forged documents, or just burned the account and said f-it.  And to add insult to injury, you have no idea which country they occupy and even if you did, the cost to deal with the matter vs the return will never be worth it.  And for those thinking to pool funds and fight a bad borrower together... you might as well throw more money into the site and hope to earn it back that way.  And this is what both scammers AND BTCJam bet on:  "Give me a little tiny bit of your money, from you and your friends, I won't pay it back, but you won't care and you'll still invest in the site/more scams. 
While there are no associated "fees" for investing, do realize you are bankrolling them for a 4% (on some loans) return on principle that wasn't theirs to being with (hey, doesn't THIS sound familiar???).  The site's security is also extremely lax despite multiple requests to fix things like 2-Factor Authentication, which doesn't secure deposits for some reason.  
If you're a borrower: you are surrounded by a sea of legendary scammers and paranoid investors who are tired of being scammed and still visit the pages of their scammed investments to cry and comment.  If you are fortunate enough to get funded this late in the game, you're still looking at paying back fees and closing costs on top of interest.  But not so fast, you still need to get your rating enough up high enough for people to trust you.  How do you do this?  Simply, just take out a .003 BTC loan and offer their "suggested" interest rate which will have you paying 1btc to borrow .003.  I wonder who really benefits from that...  Best part, there's no security even if profile have A ratings --  (this user had an A rating before completely burning it for 55 BTC lol).    Sure there's some "peer-to-peer lending" (loosely) but no more than an ebay or paypal; but with much less protection for your money.  
If the company is actually interested in continuing to operate and not just line their pockets, they better find a way to actually offer services (i.e. SECURE the loans/investments, SECURE the funds, offer some sort of debt collection service vs stupid-ass arbitration, prompt customer service maybe?).  My verdict, this site won't be around much longer, but unfortunately they will have a lot of people's money by then.  
I have a domain and will be working on setting up a true p2p lending site that has securities and perhaps some sort of collateral.  
@_date: 2015-10-26 19:14:09


Noob question, but why not?  (ELI5 prease :))