@_author: judyrey
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:22:20
Basically it means Bitcoin is now becoming an above the radar possibility for some people on Wall Street. IF the funds do better that average it could be good for Bitcoin. Maybe. Depends on one's definition of good, because anything, stock, art, gold, etc., which is in a fund is kind of stuck, and being somewhat hoarded. According to Fred Wilson, one of Bitcoin's current problems is it needs to be spent. Thus, this news is potentially good fot Bitcoin, but again, a wait and see.
@_date: 2014-07-28 19:32:43
I am lost on the wall off NY part. For instance if someone in NY is sent a gift purchased via a Bitcoin transaction in NY, it seems to me it would be covered under the proposed legislation. Also, companies that have offices in NY and TX, as some attorney practices do, wouldn't they fall within the scope? So I am wondering if the regulations interfere with interstate commerce, and if so, they are illegal as that falls within federal jurisdiction. Comments? Help in understanding?
@_date: 2014-10-13 23:10:08
Online payments in any currency are Ebola proof. Yet, it is an interesting theory that physical currency can carry Ebola. Certainly anything that is handled by people can carry germs. This is one of the reasons that wearing gloves was a usual thing (even in summer) until antibiotics were invented making disease transmission less feared. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 19:26:41
Bitcoin being a push transaction is only a part of why users can be left with shoddy merchandise or services from unscrupulous companies that accept Bitcoin. Plus, the idea that USA laws will protect us only works for sales from USA companies. The other piece of the picture is that Bitcoin , being rather tiny in comparison to the major credit/debit cards lacks klout with merchants. Merchants must remain in good standing with those cards and can rack up fees from the cards for returns. Too many returns in comparison to sales is a red flag. Since Bitcoins are an anonymous entity, meaning there is no way to distinguish one Bitcoin from another, restoring them is difficult. Yet, Bitcoin has been understood as more that a currency, it is also viewed as an investment vehicle. (Again, buyer beware!) The best practice is to deal with merchants who are known and trusted If in doubt sell Bitcoin holdings and apply that new cash to credit account or bank debit card account, and then make the now protected purchase.
@_date: 2014-07-28 19:59:12
I posted this elsewhere in Bitcoin, on a old discussion started around a Bruce Fenton comment. I really would like feedback, so here goes again: 
I am lost on the wall off NY part. For instance if someone in NY is sent a gift purchased via a Bitcoin transaction in NY, it seems to me it would be covered under the proposed legislation. Also, companies that have offices in NY and TX, as some attorney practices do, wouldn't they fall within the scope? So I am wondering if the regulations interfere with interstate commerce, and if so, they are illegal as that falls within federal jurisdiction. Comments? Help in understanding?
@_date: 2014-10-13 23:10:51
Yeah. Viruses.
@_date: 2014-10-18 00:38:35
I am a USA citizen, live in NY and have a regular old banking account with a large bank. I have on occasion, granted this was in small amounts, less that 1K with this bank, and others where I had accounts. At no time did anyone question where the money came from. It was always legitimate, like a gift, and this did not happen often, and there was no intention of messing with the IRS. Personally, the benefit of remaining anonymous via Bitcoin eludes me, as I have no need or desire to do so. However, it does seem to me that if this kind of vigilance is happening even outside of the USA, the Bitcoin's selling point to those who seek privacy is reduced. 