@_author: juergenbitcoin
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:35:15
here is the original 
@_date: 2013-07-15 07:53:25
Hi Kiril,
thanks for signing up. Just did the same!! So far, so good! Just placed my first bid :) I am curious to see how the Dutch auction-style works out and if I can attract any bidders myself.
Take care, J端rgen
@_date: 2013-07-15 06:28:01
Congratulations to your launch (site looks great!) and welcome to the club :)
We also run a Bitcoin peer-to-peer lending platform at Bitbond.net - from our own experience and what potential lenders seem to worry about most is the risk of losing their investment to borrowers who don't feel obliged to repay their loans. Therefore, we require borrowers to provide a certain amount of information about themselves (they still remain anonymous to the public, though and only known to us). This includes identity verification and proof of income. 
Do you also plan to establish such measures? We regard this as crucial because otherwise there is no legally binding obligation to repay a loan. If a borrower does not repay, in Western countries this would make their credit score deteriorate which is a strong incentive to repay. However, this only works if you have a legally enforceable contract (hence the somewhat strict terms and conditions). Esp. on your home turf, there are plenty of credit agencies (Equifax and the likes) which should make it easy to perform a thorough identity and credit check on your borrowers.
Interesting approach also on setting the interest rate. We initially considered Dutch auction-style lending, too, but ultimately thought there are too many issues, namely that it is very hard for an investor to correctly evaluate the risk of an investment and therefore interest rates end up to be too low (which at first is great for borrowers, but investor's returns get too low or negative in the long run - check the [winner's curse]( ). 
I believe, this is the reason why Prosper recently changed this. Are you planning to provide more information about borrowers that makes it easier to price a loan?
Come check us out and good luck again (I can tell this was a ton of work)!!! 
Cheers, J端rgen
@_date: 2013-07-27 13:41:56
we modeled our service after prosper.com/lendingclub.com and spend a lot of time optimizing the rating and scoring mechanics, see [Bitbond rating](
Naturally, the APR needs to reflect the risks of an investment, and we figured the "highest" (investor view) we could get was 10% APR (that is an expected average), without making it pointless (i.e. to expensive) for borrowers
Cheers, J端rgen
@_date: 2013-07-27 13:31:54
not to hijack this thread, since I cannot speak to the legitimacy of coinlenders.com or Tradefortress; 
however, I would like to address a more general aspect of many Bitcoin businesses: how come quite a few try to stay anonymous and don't disclose who you are? I mean, you are expecting your users to trust you with their Bitcoin (or other crypto currency)? I can understand that reluctance, if you live in a country/jurisdiction, where it might very well be harmful now or in the long-run for your personal well-being to operate under a governments radar (that said, if they want to go after you, I still think they can fairly easily track you down one way or the other ...).
I can also see cases, where there is simply no need to disclose your identity (if you chose so), e.g. only handling tiny amounts of BTC (sending out stickers, etc.), running purely digital services (anonymous E-mail remailers, etc.) - but for everything long-term (investing, lending) and substantial amounts of BTC (e-commerce), I simply don't understand. 
Naturally, I really wish the Bitcoin economy to take off, but I believe, in order to make that possible, it is important that businesses operate out in the open and work hard to gain their users trust (and build a reputation in the process - not just using a synonym that can easily left behind for another one).
Thanks, J端rgen
disclaimer: I am one of the founders of Bitbond.net ( - and registered a  company in Germany, got a business license (and had to demonstrate a clean record to the authorities in the process) and try to be fully transparent about who we are, so our users know who  they are dealing with
@_date: 2013-07-27 17:42:33
Agreed - however, you have to start somewhere. Our proposition is different from what Bernie Madoff did - we do P2P lending, and we do everything we can to keep ppl with bad intentions away from our marketplace (borrowers).
@_date: 2013-07-15 05:21:08
I found those two helpful:
* [PDF at BitInstant](
* [Intro at dafacto](