@_author: jumpincashout
@_date: 2019-01-03 13:45:37
I am fairly new in the crypto space but I liked HitBTC also because of low fees and for some reason I saw the prices DGB/BTC where mostly higher then on Bittrex. But when Huobi also listed Digibyte then I could not withdrwal my DGB there.   
An other time before the BCH hardfork, I had issues vulling my BCH. Their support told me my withdrawl address where not compatible with their latest system upgrade. I said to them I had no problem with my Ledger Nano S or Exodus wallet and other Exchanges using that same address.   
This was their excus:  
Dear trader,  
Unfortunately, it is possible to withdraw BCH only to the new addres format.  
 Don't forget to include "bitcoincash:"  
Bitcoin Cash has recently switched to new address format. So did we. Probably the software which you're using to receive transactions from HitBTC hasn't switched to new address format? We would suggest you to send your funds to a wallet, which software supports new addresses.  
If you get this message "This address doesn't look like Bitcoin Cash one. Please, check carefully and fill in the relevant address", it seems like the sending party doesn't support the new format.   
It makes sense to contact them in order to clarify whether and when the new format will be supported.   
Sorry about the inconvenience you're experiencing. It's the downside of the progress, but it's temporary.  
Regards,  
Emiliana Bracco  
HitBTC Support Team  
My BCH was stuck there for weeks, so I had to sell it there for BTC which I was able to withdrawl.   
My first issue with them when I had deposited Stellar XLM there it was stuck there for weeks.   
I had to sell it for BTC and before I was able to transfer my money out.   
But on the other hand I have been trading a lot of Digibyte there and that mostly went well.  
But you take a risk if you use them.   
Prior to "Proof of Keys" event, about 2 weeks before I already had my pulled my DGB from Bittrex without any problems. I never ever had a problem with withdrawls. I where the deposits of DGB that where a pain in the ass. They needed 200 confirmations that took 30 min to an hour. So I reached out to devellopers of Digibyte and asked them if they could not sent a message to them. Since other exchanges like KuCoin and OKEy did not have that problem, your funds where there directly. I asked Bittrex support to lower the confirmations and now it is down to 100 confirmations (still long but a lot better)  
What is the use having a fast blockchain like Digibyte as Bittrex asks for 200 confirmations it was ridiculous.  
But Bittrex has higher fees then HitBTC but at leased you get your coins back.   
On 27 december I pulled my Zcash (ZEC) and Populous (PPT) from Binance, no problem what so ever.  
On 31 december I pulled my  DENT off the Binance, again without any issues.   
Personally I don't see a lot of people having problems until now, just a few people. More people promoting PoK then people reporting failing withdrawls. I expected a lot more failures to take place.  
And HitBTC already had withdrawl issues, nothing new there. Luckily I have always been able to sell the coins I could not withdhrew for BTC, which I could withdhrew. So a hassle, but no financial loss.   
So I am curieus how many people expercience withdrawl issues other then on Coinbase and on HitBTC.   
Did anybody see problems with Binance and Bittrex?  
(these are my favorite platforms but like to know if they are safe?)  
@_date: 2019-01-03 12:44:26
Digibyte Digi-ID would be nice