@_author: jumpingsocks
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:53:24
I think you are right. There are a few things that I think will help though. Plenty of the applications of bitcoin don't really need bitcoin "as a currency" but instead utilize bitcoin as a "transfer technology" So, for example, customers of western union or wire transfer type replacements don't really need to care about bitcoin - if what they are doing is fiat -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; fiat is an way that is both faster and cheaper than current alternatives. The facilitating companies do take on volatility risk, but if enough of a customer base emerges over the whole industry that should help smooth things out enough to pave the way for greater adoption of other bitcoin use cases.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:12:17


Presuming that is true. I think it is - but it certainly is worth understanding any major change in market conditions. If your investment loses 50% in a few days - and that is not part of the normal volatility - then you should try to figure out why. In this case it is due to a number of governments, but especially china, announcing their btc policy. If you are long due to expecting BTC to support the export of capital flows in china, maybe you should sell. But if you are long based on the utility of bitcoin to disrupt global remittance market or other use cases then it probably doesn't disrupt your investment thesis and you should continue to hold. You should always watch your investments - but not the ticker price on the market - watch the fundamentals underlying why you invested in the first place.
@_date: 2013-12-13 16:59:25
Everyday people also do need to care about price volatility if they are going to carry any balance in bitcoin. If things settle down to a small inflationary or deflationary change every year, then it can be ignored.  Given that most people probably don't want to care, then reaching (relatively) stable prices, at whatever value is key to vast widespread adoption.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:54:21
but if your city has only 5 municipal employees ... and the mayor is a part-time hairdresser ... it seems like they might have less red tape, no?
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:09:03
Exactly. I'm long on bitcoin from two angles: global, low-transaction fee alternative to visa/mastercard and low fee alternative to western-union for remittances and other global transfers. If bitcoin is a useful technology for both, even if most transactions just dip and out of bitcoin back to fiat. It has been huge disruptive potential and high long term valuation expectations. That other use cases exists bolsters the position, but isn't necessary for my bulling position.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:02:58
They is to always have an exit strategy on every investment - and then stick to it regardless of emotion. If you make a buy based on long term fundamentals, and a price point you think is lower than the fundamentals would suggest, factoring in the time value of money, then if it drops, the question is have the fundamentals changed. If the price drop was due to lower quarterly earnings, due to a slumping economy, and you still think the fundamentals are there - hold. If you think there quarterly drop is part of structural change in the economy that no longer support the fundamentals, then sell. For something like a forex trade, I always set a stop-loss and take-profit. If I'm watching the trade, maybe I'll move the loss/profit band up a bit on a big gain, but I don't try to get greedy and let something ride. Nor do I drop a stop-loss on the hope of getting a bounce.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:10:08
Currency controls- it is hard to move money out of China, but you can buy btc and transfer that. Also we don't really know how much trading is actually occurring from Chinese citizens, anyone can use the Chinese exchanges.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:50:43
Getting paid with stocks is only worth it if either A) you can get more total compensation than you otherwise would because they can acquire the stocks cheeps (such as by diluting the other shareholders) or B) there are tax benefits such as options or timing the award price to limit future capital gains.
For bitcoin, you don't gain much, except if the city is picking up the tab for any transaction cost. Or if he can claim he wasn't paid in a bitcoin USD equivalents, but instead variable amounts of bitcoin, and as such whenever he converts his savings to fiat can make the arguments there wasn't any capital gain. Otherwise, how is this different than just being paid in cash and converting to bitcoin for savings?