@_author: junt0
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:00:53
What you have to realize is Money Service Businesses like Coinbase MUST comply with various Know Your Customer and Anti Money Laundering laws... or get shut down, similar to what no_game_player said.  Considering the mass-media's portrayal of Bitcoin, it's not insane to imagine that they're actually getting more pressure to do so by regulatory authorities - as well as investors.
freeordiebitch - if they didn't monitor transactions of &gt; $10,000 it would be a very obvious violation.  Even in multiple transactions, a MSB is required to report &gt; $10,000.
I understand the privacy argument and I'm on the same side, but they're just complying because they don't want to get put out of business.  It seems to me like they're saying "sorry, but we have to tell you this and do this..." in a professional manner.  Just my two centibits.
@_date: 2014-12-28 10:10:20
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:41:31
You're entitled to your opinion - that wasn't what I was implying though.  Yes they have a 'for-profit business', but it doesn't necessarily follow that the people there don't share similar ideologies.  They probably took some notes watching BitInstant and Charlie Shrem taken down.  
There are legitimate concerns about the current standard of privacy we're afforded.  There are also legitimate concerns about large sums of money being transferred in a way as to avoid detection.  Seeing a lot of these "and I didn't do anything!" cases gives us a biased perception.  I'm sure they aren't happy about losing active clients with false positives either though, so I imagine they're working on it.
@_date: 2015-05-26 12:06:30
With regard to the Mt Gox solvency audit and subsequent collapse of the exchange - we can only speculate about whether Roger was complicit, ignorant, or completely innocent.  I will keep my opinion to myself on that matter, especially because the process "Bitcoin community member looks at your accounts" is laughable for any financial institution (especially one that manages ~$billions in customer funds).
I respect the efforts and investments Roger has put forth to build Bitcoin's reputation and ecosystem.  I believe we share similar economic ideology and political philosophy to an extent.  And I enjoyed his energy and responses in the interviews or Meetup talks that I've caught.
That said, it's difficult to ignore the complete lack of professionalism I've witnessed numerous times now.  In this situation it's not clear the parties entered into a legally binding contract based on the language or authenticity of the agreement, and past action in accordance with stated terms is not sufficient to validate a contract that does not meet basic requirements of contract law.  Even if contract law differs substantially in other nations, the fact that Roger 'aired out' communications in a business disagreement is immature at best.  In these emails and in his alleged(?) Ripple comments there's an arrogance and abrasiveness I find distasteful.  And if that was all I had seen I might still be on the fence.  But I was there when Roger posted personal details (name, address, etc.) on a customer of his at MemoryDealers, in a BitcoinTalk thread, because HE / MD failed to credit the correct amount of btc back to the customer.  A customer who contended he did not have access to the one time account any longer and could not return the additional funds that were incorrectly credited (not even a lot of $...).  I would say this buffoonery reflects poorly on the Bitcoin community, but frankly it's just a bad look for Roger.
inb4 OKCoin SHILL
inb4 Theymos deletes this too
inb4 $1,000,000 bounty on my head
@_date: 2015-05-26 12:39:38
down on what aspect though... lack of TLDR... ?
I wish Roger the best honestly, but if everyone acts like this should be condoned I'll be the one to go against the grain.  We should be focused on building here, not using position within the community to broadcast arguments.  Maybe it has some relevance, okay, but there are much better ways to be transparent and keep people informed...then this. 