@_author: jupitersballs69
@_date: 2018-05-06 11:33:45
He wouldn't have gotten a visa to live in Japan if he still had his U.S. citizenship. He gave up his citizenship to get rid of his criminal record. 
@_date: 2018-05-06 23:12:40
On the visa form he would simply but his nationality as of St. Kitts &amp; Nevis. The record only exists with the U.S government. I guess hiding is better wording, in that situation it may as well not exist as Japanese immigration has no reason to check the U.S. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:27:53
I hope it would be later rather than sooner. It would be awesome to see it finally accepted world-wide but there is no need to be hasty. 
Until the protocol is ready to be used for micro-transactions such as filling millions of amazon orders, it's inability to do so before it is ready would leave a rather bad taste in the mouth of a large company who would undoubtedly share their experience.
Bitcoin currently works perfectly for my usage, and I would love for it to have more functionality such as micro-transactions but I think it would be reckless to do so before lightning network or similar is ready. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 04:15:06
I Agree, I am happy to wait for confirmations. I would be concerned about the tx/s though. Any blocksize will be limited at a rather low tx/s amount, whether it's the current 2-3, quadrupling it or, x10. 
Amazon receives about 35 tx/s, if only 5% use bitcoin it would add stress. If amazon successfully implemented it there would likely be a snowball effect with other similar companies such as Netflix or Airbnb willing to accept it. This would likely push the tx/s usage of bitcoin tx over what it can handle, forever increasing the backlog leading to the payments eventually taking longer and longer until it isn't viable any longer.
Sounds rather doom and gloom post, isn't supposed to! Bitcoin is working perfectly.
@_date: 2017-02-15 09:51:14
Blocks are slow. They take on average 10 minutes and potentially longer than an hour. This will always be the case for the blockchain. If you want it to be fast and free you should want a quicker development of 2nd layer technologies (SegWit and lightning) that actually attend to your desires.
Unlimited just allows more of the slow blockchain tx. You should read more into it.
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:34:59
This could be the case. It could be that if SegWit and lightning gets implemented, blocks in the immediate future would not be full due to the increase through SegWit and would actually have less overall txs on-chain due to the lightning network being used.
IF any major business do finally accept bitcoin then blocks could become full again. At which point, block size upgrade could be implemented along with the other protocol improvements on the HF 'wish list'. This isn't likely to be anytime soon as there is no evidence of a line of major corporations waiting to use bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-07 09:18:40
30 minutes.
@_date: 2017-02-02 05:50:49
The BU team has to produce anything that actually works... 
They keep telling people that their client is ready, yet has a devastating attack vector and has bugs that could have potentially caused a crisis if the majority had accepted as safe like the developers said. They have been unable to produce a working mining pool for nearly half a year, notice that it has been developed by [two BU devs]( one being the main dev of BU at the moment. 


There is not a free market for usage because it has not established itself in any market. A free market comes through diversity, other options. Not by simply handing the decision process to one entity 'miners'. If the lightning network gets deployed, side chains are deployed, then you will have the beginnings of a free market when users can decide multiple ways to interact with the bitcoin blockchain. If the blockchain fees go to high, people will rely more on lightning network or side chains, causing on-chain fees to drop. 


Nodes are there to keep miners on check. The accidental fork proves their usefulness. The nodes unilaterally rejected the invalid block. Allowing miners to continually raise the blocksize, will price out those with less money to be able to validate blocks independently. This effectively leaves miners unchecked. Mining is an incredibly expensive area of bitcoin to get into. For me and most other users, it is pointless to even consider. It is only for the rich to participate. They can invest their millions and make more millions. BU's current mining support hasn't been increasing because of more pools. It has always been the same 2-3 big pools. The only problem is that they keep adding more hashrate, giving an illusion of rising adoption. Look on [Slushpools stats]( 11% users have voted for BU, apparently, this equals 18.5% of the hashrate. The number of users have stayed the same whilst the hashrate keeps on increasing. This is not more people supporting, just rich people doubling down. How much money you have directly impacts the amount of say you have in bitcoin. Roger Ver, realistically, his opinion should account for little. He is neither educated in coding/programming or economics. Yet, he has massive influence. Why? Because he is loaded.


I have had absolutely no issues with bitcoin. It constantly saves me money paying bills, moving money around, and as a store value.
Trust the rich relates to trusting the miners and the investors behind the miners to do what is not in just their own best interest. Several miners have even stated they see mining only as short term [~8 years]( They do not see bitcoin the same way as users. Just a way to get money. This is why the majority of slush pool is labelled as don't care.
@_date: 2017-02-25 11:00:56
To be honest, micro-tx could be the wrong word to use. I was generally referring to txs such as buying of kindle books, apps, and other small products rather than Kim Dotcom's bitcache/micro-transaction usage of the word.
Apologies for the miscommunication!
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:45:38
Trump was the 'populous'(to some extent, and super loud) choice. Brexit was the populous choice. Both of these were not choices of the informed community so you have pretty much just revealed what is wrong with the whole discussion.
This discussion is not new. There are only so many times that you can refute people's claims and clarify the facts before the effort of it becomes taxing.
I think he way you, and the r/btc crowd use the word censorship is really insulting. Have you not travelled the world at all? Have you not seen real censorship? It is not a joke. It leads to death and the destruction of lives and families. It is NOT the deletion of a post which can be found anywhere on the internet. Gain some context on the word censorship before you start throwing it around because it makes those who use it in such stupid situations appear naive and short-sighted.
If you want the argument kept simple, listen to the experts opinions and accept their view. You will not find any experts bashing on SegWit. It is being implemented by 5 other coins now. No one is using BU. No expert outside the developers are promoting it fully. No company has come out in strong support. The only increase to be found in hashrate was in two pools. No others joining. No hashrates falling from one pool into another. Some very rich people investing a tonne of money. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:02:28


How? It puts the limit to the original 32mb instead. Then will there be future hard-forks to change that constant? Will they finally begin developing a second layer? None of the BU developers currently have any knowledge on 2nd layer tech by the looks of their activity. It essentially kicks the can down the road further than SegWit but with more risk.
I applaud the attempt at a round-up but you've oversimplified a complex topic. Although, I struggle to think how I would improve it without having it end up a 15,000 word piece.
@_date: 2017-03-13 13:00:37
You're in luck. We all want the block size to increase. Just don't trust $20 billion to developers who have not proved themselves capable of maintaining or developing bitcoin. Sometimes security is better than low fees!
@_date: 2017-03-20 01:44:32




Depends what you say, if you come over brown nosing then they love you. If you attempt to reason, you get brigaded. I began posting in r/btc and have since stopped. Sometimes I venture over there to look and even begin writing a reply but then I determine it is just not worth the hassle and the insults that come back. People are people, assholes are everywhere, to pretend otherwise, to pretend one sub is great and the other is bad speaks volumes. 


Satoshi specifically said multiple implementations will be a menace. I for one, do not care about pegging an evolving system on an 8 year-old document and referring to it like a bible. But if you're going to, check more carefully before becoming a priest. 


All transactions can not be stored on chain. This has been explained by Core and BU dev(s). Where did you find this data?


How? Are you forced to use LN or any other Off-chain? The most important aspect of bitcoin is that it is a cryptocurrency. Code is law. Less human intervention. Endeavoring to add more human features like manually controlling block size from miners will undoubtedly lead to more errors and more attack vectors not even imagined yet.


Said no expert ever. Amusing. There are experts in bitcoin. They have been developing and maintaining bitcoin for 8 years. They use their expertise to devise the best solution. A common mistake that people make is to believe that experts should do what you tell them to do. This is a stupid way of thinking. You should do what the experts tell you because they are infinitely more well-versed on the capabilities of bitcoin. 
“It doesn't make sense to hire good people and tell them what to do; we hire good people so they can tell us what to do.” - Steve Jobs


I did... where did you do yours...
@_date: 2017-03-09 21:39:36
Bitcoin was designed to stop miners choosing which blocks to invalidate as they should be in consensus... not manipulating the chain to their choosing reducing the security of the block chain.
@_date: 2017-03-13 09:44:10
So this is why Ver was tagging major news sites on twitter in his posts...
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:33:42
BU ensures that miners control how much they get paid... wouldn't you like to be in charge of your own paycheck? 
It's incredible how short-sighted those who are cheering them on are though! Perhaps the BU devs put so many bugs in their code to keep it political annoying but to ensure that the miners never actually run it because they know, on a subconscious level, what a disaster it would be.
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:37:17
Amusing how he felt the need to tag an individual in the BU tweet. The fact that there is a figurehead to one side of a 'decentralised' network sort of defeats the purpose does it not? One person should not have so much influence. 
@_date: 2017-03-02 23:09:35
From my understanding, it is more of an interaction of several factors for why.
First of all, mining is an investment. Not necessarily people who believe 100% in the protocol. In fact, in China, at a Bitmain conference there was talk about how long people intended on mining for and a prominent figure discussed about a five to eight year time frame (Article is somewhere on coindesk I believe). This information along with the reckless SPV mining and public announcements stating that certain influential miners don't care if they mine empty blocks (because it is their right), it is hard to say that they would have bitcoin's best interest at heart.
Bigger blocks would initially cause fees to drop, over time as the mining reward has already halved twice, fees are supposed to support miners to ensure security by increasing or maintaining hashrate. This reduction of fee support for the smaller miners could lead them to be unprofitable anymore and close up shop, resulting in less competition for the big miners, leading for them to have more share of the rewards (and fees). Essentially cannibalising each other as they weigh up their own investment incentives compared to the benefits of the protocol as a whole.
 Already, as mentioned above, rather prominent people in the mining community already are mentioning they don't intend on mining for the long-term and don't care about the impact of the type of mining they are doing currently has on the rest of the community. Big blocks could very well increase their opportunities to make more money for themselves to the detriment of other aspects of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:09:42
I think it's a very bad idea to give more power to a person who owns a reddit forum, a website named bitcoin.com, heavily invested in several bitcoin related projects giving him aspects of control over things like blockchain.info, is the main funder of a bitcoin unlimited. I support decentralisation. Not Roger Ver as a wannabe bitcoin king.
@_date: 2017-03-16 14:48:13
So multiple users equaling in excess of 100p switching at the same time is more obvious than the biggest producer of asics switching some of his undoubtedly huge hashrate? 
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:07:59
The last year Bitcoin price rose 400% with core leading the way. Almost another 100% since segwit released in November. Recently antpool switches, BU has more support than Unlimited combining with bugs causing BU network to crash. Price drops 30-40% in about the same time.
This makes you want blame core? Question. If there was no BU and no HF FUD, would the price be going down?
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:31:41
Not all the time. Unfortunately, the more political people make it, the more toxicity will grow. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 12:22:49
pink cow is a dive in a bigger dive which is roppongi
@_date: 2017-03-20 05:13:30
You will get coins on both but there will be a significant drop in price. Speculators will more than likely move to a more secure asset. Core supporters will be selling BTU, BTU supporters will be selling Core. So the sum of both will be likely less than the sum you have now. ETH/ETC significantly crashed in the short term. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:26:49
That is their part to play. They all reached it in consensus after deliberating about all the other factors. Considered the nodes and their other economic connections. Listened to general talk amongst community leaders.
To support BU as bitcoin is economic suicide as they are setting themselves up for code which is not well-tested and frequently creates failures within bitcoin. It is not a coincidence that the exchanges felt the need to make this announcement now, when bigger bugs are being found with BU and that Chinese miners are mining nonetheless. Hashrate is not what determines what bitcoin is. It is what keeps bitcoin secure. They're entitled to show what they believe to be correct by mining or signalling, but if the rest of the community rejects their opinion, then the consensus of the community corrects them.
This is the community correcting the miners. This was not a casual decision. This would have been a long process. Whether the miners listen or stick their head further in the sand will determine whether the price goes up or down as the market buys or sells. Price going down means the market is not happy with the current situation. 
If the situation was reversed then I would have to take a long hard look at my thinking process and do one of the hardest things in the world to do, admit that I was wrong. Unfortunately, from Jihan's responses on Chinese social media, it looks as if he is going to stick his head further in the sand.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:05:19
This is how Nakamoto consensus works. Not one entity decides. The miners don't decide, nor the exchanges. However, they are signalling to the community what they believe just as Jihan is signalling what he believes. If wallets, devs, exchanges and nodes all say Core's path is bitcoin, then it is bitcoin. This will then encourage the miners to ensure Core has the most work done because BTU will be essentially worthless despite having a higher hashrate for a period of time.
Why would you think the exchanges all taking a stance is more centralised than Proof of Jihan? 
@_date: 2017-03-17 12:45:52
[Jihan switching hashrate between antpool and his other pools]( Funnily enough, USA nodes started mining BU today, subsequent drop in price by $100+. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:28:56
I was buying weekly for a long time. Since BU hashrate has been going up, I've been reducing my position. This is not just to 'not pay the miners' but because the risk of holding increases as the risk of BU hashrate goes up. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 08:05:49
Potentially, if their is major adoption and a strong fee market then they will still be incentivised to participate in mining. A few people are suggesting that miners should control the fees... essentially controlling their future salary which I would say is reckless.... 
@_date: 2017-03-18 01:32:29
News takes time to circulate. Not all traders are awake or have been awake since the announcement. Give it 24-48 hours, then you can make fairly good assumptions about the reception. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:13:24
If you look at each subreddit's sidebars you can begin to see why. R/BTC is heavily dedicated to one man's business linking to his website and mining pool. It's heavily influenced by funding and sponsorship. BU gives more power to miners so you can begin to see why a subreddit owned by a miner promotes the client which gives more power to miners.
R/Bitcoin is certainly not without its faults but it wants to continue Nakamoto consensus I.e not one faction of Bitcoin (miners) in control.
@_date: 2017-03-13 12:53:43
How do you respect someone who has to take a debate which should have been had in private to prevent a community split and then publicise and politicise it to gain the 'knowledge' of the masses.
“It doesn’t make sense to hire smart people and then tell them what to do; we hire smart people so they can tell us what to do.” - Steve Jobs 
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:56:39
This is what several BU supporters believe will happen. That the current develop team will just switch. I don't. That would be stupid as all the improvements they have been developing for the past year or so will now be easier to activate without BU miners causing a ruckus. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 23:35:34
If this was a big issue for the majority of bitcoin users then the price would go down. It is going up, therefore, it is not currently the most important use case for the majority of bitcoin users. This is how the market works. He can complain that his business model has failed and he created them on incorrect assumptions about the usefulness of bitcoin, but if the price goes up, the majority disagree with him because they are still buying bitcoin despite fees going up.
Complaining about the speed of confirmations is rather funny because that is linked to the cost of tx. You've complained about the same thing twice. You want to pay a smaller fee, therefore it is taking longer. I pay the appropriate fee, therefore confirmation speed is exactly the same as the last 8 years. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:53:28
@_date: 2017-03-02 23:14:16
It is hard for anyone to help with your transaction if you don't share the transaction ID. That way, others can look at the details and suggest what went wrong. Usually, the fee is too low. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 12:48:34
The majority are volunteers. They want their code checked by the best. You do not get the best when you look at the BU development team. You might get good respectable developers in their fields but none have a history of development with bitcoin. BU is a threat because it changes the current balance in consensus. If all the exchanges, the wallets, the nodes and the developers all point towards Core and SegWit yet the miners are able to stop progress then why would you allow a chance in the consensus model which allows the 1/5 more power!?
I like the idea of an adaptive block size. I even like the nice theory behind emergent consensus. I trust the current developers however, who said that the way the BU BIP went about doing this does not work. I do not trust the 2-3 developers who took their rejected code to create their own client. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:10:29
That's just punishing the miners which stick with core. They will switch to BU giving it more 'legitimacy'. Realistically, PoW algorithm change time frame has been and gone. That being said, the solution to Wu is beyond me. If UASF comes out as feasible then that ought to do it I suppose.
@_date: 2017-03-13 13:11:56
Right, I am not opposed 1mb at this point either, but I have heard mentioned that LN would need more capacity to function for mass adoption. I guess, the more upgrades we see from SegWit etc will give more information about what is and what is not necessary.
@_date: 2017-03-03 13:30:11
I think polarisation was always going to occur as more people became involved. While both sides could probably do well in less personal attacks, I only see one group brining negativity to the protocol. Recently, a main proponent of BU sent a tweet complaining about bitcoin being effectively useless while tagging major news sites (CNBC etc). That is not in-fighting, that I feel is literally trying to throw the protocol under a bus. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:04:22
No, I would like it to be the same as you, yet I am willing to accept the current system as this is what the market has decided. It is not my choice. I wanted to use bitcoin as a payment system as I did not have a credit card, but there is currently no market for that. I just participate in the system which the market has decided. That is that bitcoin is currently more valuable as a secure store of value and a hedge against local currencies per individual, rather than a cheap payment system similar to paypal/visa. 
There is absolutely no reason why in the future, it can not be both. When you accept bitcoin is bigger than your own opinions, it is a very enjoyable part of your life. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 17:01:47
If Roger Ver was correct in all his points then we would see it in the market. The fact that the market has increased by 400% in the last year, despite having him sound like a broken record for the last two complaining about block size, fees, censorship and whatever else, indicates that the people buying and using bitcoin disagree with him.
I think you are right, there is a dividing factor. I think there are the people who are using bitcoin in its current stage of evolution within the confines of the reality imposed on it by all those involved in the community, and those that refuse to accept how it is currently being used and want to bend it to its will, disregarding others rights to use bitcoin how they please. This debate was the homo-sapien vs the neanderthal. The one willing to adapt to survive and the one stuck in the past.
Japan is supposed to have one of the highest adoption rates of bitcoin. I live here. It is impossible to live and breath bitcoin in Tokyo. Bitcoin is useful here as a store of value and a hedge against the super volatile yen and for remitting back to my home country. I would be pretty confident in saying that the other countries which has recently spiked in LBC volume like Venezuela, India and African countries etc are using bitcoin in their everyday lives but rather to escape the collapse of their local currencies not so that they can buy coffees or complete e-commerce tx.
@_date: 2017-03-02 22:15:47
I sent a few early, took 30 mins for all. $0.30-40 fee for each. You can always ask Bitfury on twitter to process the transaction for you. I've seen people tweet them occasionally and then instantly confirmed.
@_date: 2017-03-25 04:49:30
This is what has been happening since they gained the significant hashrate of antpool which was slowly switched over...
@_date: 2017-03-20 14:55:35
And... You've gone completely off the rails...
The question was not "Is bitcoin ready for bigger blocks?" I know it is, that is why I support SegWit. The question was "Is BU ready for bitcoin?" In reference to their two large fucks in the past two months probably having only been found because it has had more activity in the last two months of miners using it in the two years it has been active. So, for developers and proponents who claimed it was ready for the market two months. Bitcoin would have broken twice if that were to happen. What has changed in the past two months? Has their testing become better? No. Has the quality of code drastically improved? No. Has more developers started reviewing their code leading to better peer review? No. So the same dynamic which lead to two very simple, yet very potentially damaging bugs is still in play. So is it ready? Clearly not. 
You can claim whatever you want about market demand, fees, capacity etc. but we both know that you cannot prove any evidence for any of the things that you said. However, I can clearly show that since all the complaining about the block size and fees that the market has clearly been favourable to bitcoin and approved of its current situation by moving the price up 400%. I could probably also show a pretty weak correlation to BU support becoming a credible % and price going down. The reason I don't is because it is largely conjecture and useless from both of our point of views. I don't plan on wasting your time with these useless arguments so please don't waste mine.
Why, when mentioning hard forks, do you miss out the word contentious. This was always the keyword involved when mentioning a hard fork. A hard fork is harmless with 100% consensus. It is still relatively harmless at 95% consensus. It creates the current situation that we have now when it is contentious. Especially when the narrative push forward for the hardfork is the firing of the current development team. No would care if the fork occurred similar to litecoin as should any protocol ran by a separate dev team with next to zero history of involvement with bitcoin. 
You clearly misunderstand the reference to nakamoto consensus. It is the trustless balance placed between all factions of the bitcoin community. The development team, the exchanges, the market, the miners, and the nodes. Bitcoin works because of the current balance between them, referred to as nakamoto consensus. BU changes this, handing the reigns to the miners, creating a system where users need to trust and rely on miners to do whats best for themselves second and the community first. This is removing the nodes from the equation and severely limiting the developers in their proposals when we have a 'hash is law' community.
There are so many altcoins with a better throughput capacity than bitcoin that it's ridiculous to claim that this is it's primary product. You speak to 10 different people they will probably give you 10 different responses. Do you think people in India and Venezuela currently care how many tx they can send a second? It certainly isn't anything I care about, someones who uses it for remittance, store of value, and speculative asset. 
If you are hoping for the Core devs to save BU by checking their code and reporting bugs... I just don't know what to say...
 
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:41:44
That's a fair point. I'm not sure that anyone is really taking this perspective on the matter, expect those like yourself who are closer to that environment. 
I guess a lot of it comes down to the longevity of the project. Obviously, running and keeping the bitcoin network secure has a cost. Currently, the situation has the user bearing the majority of the cost. The sending of tx and paying the fees. This cost can be reduced for the normal user, but it will get placed somewhere else within the ecosystem. Likely on the full nodes which currently have no economic incentive to be kept running. Without nodes, we are trusting the miners like middle-men which is less than ideal. Somewhere there needs to be a trade off and balance. 
My own understanding of bitcoin is that it is still in an experimental stage. Still defining what it is. What it is used best for. I feel it is a shame when people need to rely on bitcoin as they have no other alternatives because of large proponents within the community being so relaxed about the outcome. Vin has come out saying SegWit supporters should drive the price to the ground to show they are unhappy with the miners and Ver has said it is fine if bitcoin fails. Can just make bitcoin 2.0. This is worrying. I support Core due to their more methodological approach. Sure, I want bigger blocks. I want bitcoin to work for everyone. I want bitcoin to be beneficial for the unbanked and those living in countries with a lower economic field. However, when I introduce friends to bitcoin, I never use these reasons to get them excited about bitcoin because I don't think they are really viable yet.
One last point, which I think is relevant to a lot of bitcoin is the need for clearer definitions for the terminology of bitcoin. I think perhaps 2-3 weeks ago I was referring to micro-payments in a similar way as you. However, I was told that when using terminology like micro-payments, it is referring more to say $0.03 per page of a book on kindle or something similar. Really small amounts. I'm not sure if they are correct, but they certainly scream the word micro! 
@_date: 2017-03-20 06:09:23
As did a lot but on reflection all the etf did was add doubt. Will it be approved? Will it be disapproved. In the end Bitcoin has value regardless of the etf, it would have just been a nice bonus. A lot of the price movement around the time was just those big spenders manipulating the market to maximize profit. 
Regardless, btc in general is pretty much wfk.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:12:32
He swears a lot. Says that all the exchanges don't understand how it works. Calls everyone stupid and they will change their mind when they understand. He also complains about the timing. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:25:30
Could this have all come about because of Bitfury George? He did just spend time with Jihan. This is a positive development. I hope that the opportunity to engage in discussions is taken. Need to keep one eye on the present and one eye on the future. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:51:10
First... Why is it important? Everything evolves. Even religions are moving further and further away from their holy books. To expect bitcoin is stick precisely or even closely to the whitepaper means we should have priests instead of developers. 
BU changes nakamoto consensus.
SegWit changes more technical aspects of the code. 
They both change different elements of bitcoin as explained by the whitepaper so to ask which is less different to the whitepaper is almost an impossible task.
Personally, I think changing nakamoto consensus is the one thing that should not be tampered with. Evolving the workings of the code is fine. Changing the balance within the different factions of bitcoin is reckless. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 09:11:14
Unfortunately how far down the road I just speculation. Similar to how people mention segwit blocks would instantly be full so not a big enough increase, the same argument could be put forward for 32mb blocks. Except the economic strain of maintaining said block must come from somewhere.
Honestly, adaptive blocksize or a flexible one is probably the best solution. A decent version has not been made yet. BU has been arguing its case for two years that it is a viable alternative. Just recently it has a reasonable amount of hashrate using it and two rather simple but catastrophic bugs have been found. The sensible course of action would be to pull it and do extensive testing and peer review to ensure there are no more mistakes. Why is this not being done? Before the bugs were found they were 100% saying BU is ready. After they are still 100% sure BU is ready. I find this incredibly concerning yet most supporters are happy to have problems 'fixed' with a band-aid.
Would you 100% say BU is ready to be used today? Do you support Jihan Wu saying that a HF must be pushed through asap? Regardless of which proposal you think is 'better' I hope we can agree that BU is not ready to be used today? So then the question is how long do we wait? Especially considering how certain BU supports are that capacity needs to be increased now.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:33:46
I would like to use it for this, too. Not right now, but certainly in the future. At the moment, unfortunately, real cash is a much better alternative and the value of my bitcoin seems to increase monthly so I would rather save as much as I can then use it instead of cash.
As long as a scaling roadmap includes and mentions the differing use cases and how it plans to cater for them (LN or similar), then I am happy that it has been acknowledged. 
@_date: 2017-03-03 13:07:22
How do you think in-fighting could have been avoided? 
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:49:16
Your argument is based on the idea that people don't want big blocks... People do want bigger blocks... 
They do not want Unlimited's changing of the consensus system and the [attack vector]( involved with it.
They do not want the possibility of big mining pools becoming bigger, centralising mining more than it already is. The majority of mining is done in one country. Which means one government can decide to influence the majority of the mining that goes on with bitcoin at any moment.
The fee market is already established, through the 'agony' of some. BU throws an unpredictable element and has the possibility of eroding all the progress that inevitably had to be made.


This is not true. The technical capability that I am able to purchase is less that multi-thousands of $ capabilities that rich people like Roger Ver can splash out on. Removing the limits allows the rich people to dominate over the poor. The exact thing that bitcoin is supposed to stop in my opinion. The mining pool with the most money can create as many separate pools as they like as a facade to give the perception of diversity. BU takes us back to the banking system. Trusting the rich.
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:50:17
Just sent over $300 from Asia to America for $0.50....
Took about 40 mins for 3 confirmations. I'm more than happy with that.
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:24:53
Please explain how support for Core is dropping? I see hashrate changing to BU away from Core and the price declining at the same time. Most clear is March 7-8th when price dropped [from $1280 to $1150]( as [antpool started mining half of their hashrate]( and again today when price dropped a further from [$1260 to lows of $1090]( as the [USA nodes of antpool switched]( so that they are minining with all of their hash.
You are right, we do not tolerate this failure and those of us who don't mine and can only signal our disapproval of this reckless mining days after a catastrophic bug has been found, sell.
@_date: 2017-03-10 16:24:23
Usually when someone speaks louder and faster than another in a debate and repeats the same point time and again, it is not a sign that they are winning...
@_date: 2017-03-04 03:07:24
I feel that isn't really related to what I was saying. There are a few reasonably minded people in r/btc but unfortunately, they get over shouted by the nonsense and the same 4 or 5 handles constantly spreading propaganda. In the last year three or four r/btc moderators have stepped down stating the terrible state of that sub as the reasons why. The moderators replacing them are the most vocal about BU. 
If both sides stopped talking, one side would still be developing... What would the other side be doing..? 
@_date: 2017-03-20 01:07:39
Didn't write the code, no. Jihan is one of the main finders for BU though is he not? 
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:28:46
As a fellow bitcoiner, it is obvious we want what we rationalise is best and at this point, we can probably guess each others responses to rehashed arguments. We should endeavour to find areas we can agree on, rather than discussing things we know we don't.
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:10:04
Why would you expect intelligent discussions on reddit? Developers should not be in charge of running a subreddit. Therefore, Core devs have very little association with r/bitcoin. BU however actively uses r/btc as their staging ground and you can actually see the devs constantly on reddit rather than peer-reviewing their code. I could name possibly 2-3 Core dev reddit handles. More if I guessed using their twitter profiles yet, the same amount of BU....
Technical (intelligent) discussion has its place on the slacks and mailing lists. If that is what you want to read, go there. If you find people believing themselves to be knowledgeable about bitcoin but not actually contributing anything because they are intellectually unable or otherwise, read reddit. Why do people always refer to these two subs when debating bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-05 23:52:11
Well like most I feel, I was sold the idea of bitcoin end of 2015 by a friend who didn't really understand the protocol. At first I was interested in using it for online payments because getting a credit card in Japan as a foreigner is complicated. However, after searching for days/weeks/months. I was still unable to really find anywhere which accepts it that I could actually use. Even now, despite all the hype about Japan's 6000% adoption increase or whatever, I think currently there is one bar and maybe a cafe in Tokyo that accepts bitcoin. There is not any real adoption for bitcoin to accept payments. 
Those it would make sense for like amazon, netflix, and airbnb who are involved with multiple currencies have mentioned very little interest (thank god). The more I read about bitcoin, the more I realise that the infrastructure is not in place for it be used as a global currency similar in usage to the dollar. It is more like the SDR currency basket. 
To encourage widespread adoption of it's 'dollar' properties before it is ready would lead to failure. Imagine if Amazon or Netflix jumped on board last year. With Ver always whining they would have a very negative attitude towards bitcoin which would spread towards similar cooperations. There is little doubt in my mind that in the near future the state of the protocol can be vastly improved to act more like the dollar, especially with the inclusion of SegWit, LN, and Schnorr.... but the blockchain in itself doesn't appear to be designed for this by itself. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:34:30
More interestingly, they expect developers from Core to come on board and join them in BU... Why develop an open-source project which you need a membership for and follow the rules of a less-able leader who currently are unable to keep up with the pace of current development...?
@_date: 2017-03-08 23:03:02
I think everyone is pro making money. That priority goes above everything else. He is only pro bitcoin while bitcoin makes him money. What's strange that the last year bitcoin has gone up from $400 to $1300 and over that time his comments have becoming increasingly negative... He has become a lot MORE pro altcoin this recent year too suggesting for people to invest in eth, monero, zcash and dash.
Just recently, he tagged CNBC and other major news channels while tweeting and complaining about bitcoin... 
@_date: 2017-03-05 23:37:11
I understand this. However, there are those who refuse to accept this or seem 'unaware' that this is the case. More information/data would only help present the argument better. 
At the moment, two or three people from the BU argument are becoming more and more vocal and using zero evidence to back up any of their claims. Personally, I think it is a point of failure to have so few with so much influence. Looking at the Core side, it is impossible to point towards a leadership figure or one with more influence than they should, funnily enough they seem more decentralised whereas BU looks more centralised, contrary to their argument.
That is a great quote, cheers.
@_date: 2017-03-14 09:56:43
There is not set flag date or percentage when they will fork so it could be any time. 
When the issue is raised, the response is often that miners aren't stupid they will do it when it's safe... this is coming from the same people calling the very same miners stupid for continue to mine Bitcoin as we know it today... strangely the miners are no longer stupid when they are doing what BU wants!
@_date: 2017-03-09 13:14:51
Well you specifically state what you want and then accuse me of what I want. That is your opinion and not accepting what bitcoin is currently as decided by the market. Saying you are far outside your opinion does not make sense when you clearly state what you'd like, rather than being happy with what the market and therefore the majority has decided as indicated by the price.
BTC has been upgraded, several times through soft-forks and has catastrophes averted through hard-forks. The code was designed with an aim of using soft-forks to upgrade the protocol. The constant propaganda and political attacks (by both sides) is what is delaying the upgrades. 
Why has there not been a proper meeting of developers? Why is Roger Ver the only one who will debate with the current developing team? Why does Roger Ver's opinions count for anything? He is merely a figurehead which BU has propped up high for all. I 100% disagree with any implementation of bitcoin where one person has so much influence. Nothing good can come from that. There are no public figures for core, they are a group of individuals. This is one of the most important aspects for me... this decentralisation and code is law aspect. The less human intervention the better. BU turns this all on its head.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:56:30
I'm happy for him to waste his bitcoin. 
I think you are overestimating his intelligence. I thought Trump was being crafty, making all these promises to anger the more susceptible gullible ones. Not once did I think he would actually follow through on all the ridiculous shit he said. No one could be that stupid I thought. But I was wrong, he is doing every ridiculous thing he said. I see many similarities in current events. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 23:31:24
Right, fees have gone up. They now cost between $0.40-70. The majority does not care. This is why the price has gone up. If the majority cared, the price would go down because users of bitcoin would not be able to use it for what they want. This is how the market works. 
A digital p2p cash is what bitcoin is. You can freely and easily exchange 'cash'. It is not currently a great payment system due to 10min blocks, rising tx fees, and volatility. Volatility is the most important aspect. Until the price is more stable with out 15-20% swings in a week, big merchants will not accept bitcoin due to losing huge amounts of net work from week to week. Once it is a secure, less volatile, store of value it will be much more useful for payments.  
@_date: 2017-03-05 14:10:33
Funding is an important aspect, but it is still a healthy hypothetical I would hope.
Well hopefully, any 'business' within the community would find it beneficial for their model to acquire data on use cases. There seems to be a few start-ups that have failed due to not having a good enough understanding of this.
Blockchain.info and other block explorers are already in a pretty good position to at least start gathering information to answer these questions. I guess there could be a privacy issue regarding some of these questions. Wallets might be able to offer some information. It would take a great deal of collaboration between all and beneficial for all involved if there are no nefarious motives. 
@_date: 2017-03-02 23:27:34
It will either be confirmed or sent back to you after 4-5 days. If you really want it confirmed because it is a payment or you want to use the funds, you can ask a mining pool like bitfury on twitter to put in a block. I've seen them help people out before when they needed a transaction confirming. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:22:59
I agree, but I would present it as two sides of a coin... rather a sliding scale. I would hope everyone wants to get the most use cases out of bitcoin. But focusing on use case which isn't at the forefront of usage to the detriment of one that is seems short-sighted. The current debate highlights this. Does there really need to be an immediate relief of fee-pressure as some suggest so they can make their payments? For me, I cant think of many reasons why I would currently give bitcoin to merchants rather than saving and holding as speculation. How many think like me? If most users really do need there $0.05 transaction fees then a more aggressive scaling approach seems necessary. If not, SegWit is more than adequate. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 05:20:42
Are we to trust Bitcoin Unlimited developers who are funded by Roger Ver who has been imprisoned for unlawful activity? 
Ridiculous counter statement for a ridiculous original statement.
Any one can come up with conspiracy theories, hypothetically dangerous situations, or infer bad play due to perceptions. This doesn't make it fact. 
It should not be for the ones being accused to show evidence that they are not doing anything wrong. It should be for the accusers to provide clear evidence of their claims. If you want a real discussion, bring evidence with your accusations. Otherwise, people are a lot less likely to entertain you.
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:01:16
I agree, that is one of the situations that it would be acceptable.
@_date: 2017-08-26 12:12:21
As the cycles continue, the inflation rate should get worse. I expect it to undergo EDAs much sooner than the last increase, and having to reduce much lower for it become profitable, the same hash will produce coins much faster. So on so forth. 
@_date: 2017-01-08 15:53:31
So what does that tell you? It tells me there are many more issues then just the cost of tx fees. Community gets stuck on trying to solve the 'big issues' without focusing on all the easily solvable ones to stop user errors from having a bad experience and losing money. Exchanges and wallets need to be improved. There is almost not community pressure on them to innovate. 
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:37:05
The question should really be arguments against raising the block size now.
It is not Core's position or the majority of users opinion to never increase the block size. It is their plan to do it eventually after making other changes. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:13:31
This is a real reflection of a pool which doesn't control the majority of their hashrate and allow users to vote.
[45% Don't care](
[36% SegWit](
[19% BU]( 
@_date: 2017-01-09 03:31:54
I think you are misunderstanding the arguments against slightly. From what I have read and discussed with others no one has a problem with HF at 95%. The problem is when alternative clients and promoting to split off at 51-75%. That will certainly create two chains and suggesting to tyrannically crush the other chain with a large % of users would be unfair. They would essentially be forcing them to run their software. 
Before a hard fork, every attempt should be made at optimising before growth. We do it all the time in our lives because it is the cheaper and more effective way to use the same thing in a better way.
There will be hard forks in the future, Core has several BIPs currently being reviewed and developed for it. It is just not a priority compared to the optimisations they wish to put in place first. 
@_date: 2017-01-28 02:57:10
Clearly, you can write whatever you want in the code. It is getting every to agree and accept it which is the issue. It depends on peoples view on what bitcoin should be and its current level of progress. 
I personally believe it should be multifaceted. I think that it is very far away from being that. It is still trying to achieve just one dominant feature which is as a store of value.
It is currently not useful as micro-transactions but, works great as a p2p cash when you consider you can send money to anyone anywhere in the world for a minuscule fee and faster than any traditional banking service. What it cannot currently do is work for businesses where they are handling 100k of tx daily which for the most part would involve micro-tx. This is to some tiny extent due to available block size but more in regards to the consumer having to pay the fee and then the producer being stuck with bitcoin which have 1000s of inputs meaning to move those coins, regardless of how cheap a normal tx fee is, their's will cost 1000x more. 
Changing block frequency does nothing to alter the real issues moving forward. It will have the same short-term effect as any alteration of block sizes. This is something that could be considered at a much later date, along with any real editing to the block size. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 11:15:27
There is a blocksize increase in their roadmap. Not today, or tomorrow, but attached with more significant changes on their wish list in the future. Have you read it?
@_date: 2017-01-22 00:56:17
Of course it is, there has been no date but the developers have stated in the past that they do not except lightning to work for the masses without a block size increase (max block size).
@_date: 2017-01-22 00:57:23
Apologies, I was going under the assumption that OP meant max block size rather than SegWits reorganisations to get bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-01-07 16:22:01
said below why. You must have read it, you commented below his. 
You must have also read my comment where I clearly mentioned BU and Classic without any reprimand. He would have been better off just saying whatever he wanted to say without concern trolling for however many posts it was. Rules are simple. You follow the rules you don't get reprimanded. You may not agree with the rules or policy but complaining about breaking rules is absurd.
Without knowing all the ins and outs of the situation it's hard to suggest whether the 'punishment fits the crime'. All the posts saying removes suggests he's been banded which would be rather heavy handed where a simple reminder about following policy may have been in order. But who knows, maybe this is a frequently occurring issue with the user. I have no idea. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:31:09
We do not KNOW Bitcoin cash will have 21 million coins. We know Bitcoin will have 21 million coins because it has shown to be anti-fragile and resistant to change. 
The fact that Bcash has forked and created its own altcoin, we do not KNOW anything about its properties or values. It could adopt any number of changes in the future that those who orchestrated deem most in their favour. To assume it will have anything like the changes resistance that BTC has, such as 21 mil coins seems naive.
@_date: 2017-01-28 00:21:58
Increasing block frequency would mean the 21m bitcoin rewards would be mined at an earlier date. Meaning miners would have to rely on fees much sooner than originally intended. 
@_date: 2017-01-18 05:54:00
Ah, apologies.
@_date: 2017-01-05 13:03:15
Only need to worry if something actually happens. Right now, there is no difference. 
If Unlimited gets implemented in the 50-75% window, the value of your coins will probably drop in the short term due to uncertainty. In the long term who knows. I think Segwit being adopted however will cause for little effect in the short term, again, long term who knows.
@_date: 2017-01-07 07:17:22
What he is trying to say is that there are other reference clients like BU or Classic. Both of which were started up years ago and as of now both have far less miner support than Segwit. The reason why he is being so unnecessarily strange about the PM business is due to the rules of this forum which states that you are not allowed to promote changes in the protocol which could cause it to break. 
For example, both BU and classic require of a hard fork to the code. This means every node and miner needs to change software in order to participate otherwise there will be two chain. Just like Ethereum. The problem with this is that it causes a less secure network making it susceptible to attacks. Currently, consensus level is at 95% for a change in the protocol. A hard fork lowers the consensus level for a protocol change to 51%. This of course is not a direct issue with the nature of a hard fork, but the change the hard fork is suggesting. A hard fork is safe with 95% consensus. It is unsafe with a consensus level below this. The difference with segwit is that it can ONLY be activated at 95%. 
This has been discussed several times before with all relevant parties. You would hope therefore that they would change their approach to a more acceptable one, yet more than a year on and it is still the same spiel with very little change in their ideas to progress the protocol. 
I agree with discussion. Except the table shouldn't have sides. It should be round. If the majority of developers don't agree with your solution. Then perhaps it is just a bad solution. Do not split the community and create opposing sides in a community, continue dialogue and work together. Unfortunately, that didn't happen.
As you can see, you can discuss any opinion you like. In that respect he is being disingenuous to create an unrealistic feeling of dictatorship and oppression. 
@_date: 2017-01-14 02:48:42
In an open-source project there aren't supposed to be 'sides' to development. It is an all inclusive group where bad ideas get rejected by the majority. Theres only to ways to view it. 
The conspiracy theory angle where the core developers have been bought and are trying desperately to destroy bitcoin or change it to the traditional banking system (can't remember which is more popular now, both are stupid).
The angle where the bad idea were rejected, the people who supported them got butt-hurt and then created their own 'side' with it's own 'solution'.
Either way, compromise would not work because either develops are 'evil' as in angle one, or the idea was just too bad to accept in the first place so would be silly to turn round and accept it now. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 23:31:44
SegWit is actually greater than 100% increase.
Lightning will include more fees for miners as it allows 1000x+ more tx.
On chain will always be used. Just not for detailing the price of someones coffee or sandwich for eternity.
Bitcoin is not ready for adoption by major companies yet. Not until there is Schnorr and the other improvements. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:11:17
He tried to ride the wave on LTC and when it pumped and he's now trying to ride the Bcash 'wave'. It will be just as unsuccessful. Couldn't care less about his opinions. 
I've noticed a trend with big blockers though.... listen to Roger Ver... listen to Craig Wright... listen to Mike Hearn... listen to Gavin and Jihan. Over idolizations of individuals to push a narrative, while Bitcoin chugs along with the majority of the work is being completed anonymously. 
@_date: 2017-01-09 04:03:18
I 100% agree with what you are saying. No-one is arguing against a 95% consensus hard fork. In fact, it has been stated it is the only safe way to participate in a hard fork. Unfortunately, there's not any of these being promoted anywhere. Both BU and Classic are promoting 51-75% HF ignoring dangers associated with it, and Core has decided to implement a SF which has backwards compatibility and to not force people to change their software.
I doubt seeing 95% HF will be possible unless there is a crisis somewhere in the protocol. When there was just one group of developers it was possible. Open-development projects will struggle to find consensus when those who have their ideas shot down by the group move away and start up their own group in competition 'to prove their right'. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:32:49
Most of cryptocurrency and bitcoin is based on theory and unexplored areas. How can you check facts on such a fringe area? You are either educated enough yourself to have an educated opinion or rely on the educated opinion of others.
Note that his is not educated nor does any educated opinion support his.
@_date: 2017-08-11 05:21:02
'Future of Bitcoin' without any devs speaking who can actually say what is possible. The top two speakers.... Jihan Wu with his Psychology degree and Ver with his 'I read an economics book in jail' degree.
@_date: 2017-01-08 03:40:49
Well, Ethereum is case and point. They attempted a fork which did not have 95% and the resulted in the original chain surviving and the new one. The caused Ethereum's market value to plummet due to uncertainty and caused a lot of people to loose money through replay and double spend attacks. I am by no means a technical expert on this so I can only really give you a brief description. In the case of bitcoin. Most of it's value is speculative as you can see by its volatility recently. Any sense of uncertainty causes it to crash which it would in the case of a split which under the current amount of media attention be rather hard to come back from (my own speculation). Anyway, it seems that 95% is in fact a rather arbitrary number because why not 94% or 96% or 100%. Yet the 95% is what the original creator of bitcoin (Satoshi) devised to make sure everyone is on the same page. In terms of % correlation, it wouldn't be linear as 50% does not mean 50% safe. That would be an utter failure. 75% still very high% of failure as this was around the same activation rate as Ethereum which currently has two chains and has been less than successful since as they have needed to fork several times since to fix all the problems that occur with two chains. The correlation would then more like likely be a flat 0% safe line as consensus level % increases until a certain point where the climb would be almost exponential. Satoshi Nakamoto decided this to be at 95%. The other clients are will to active their fork anywhere between 51-75% and then attempt to crush the second chain which is of course the wrong way to proceed as you are then forcing people which software to run instead of accepting their choice. The current Core team have hard fork code being developed at the moment but it is hard to say if they will get any greater response from the community than the 10-13% support the other three attempts have had. Segwit, at 25% is at the moment the most feasible change of software we are likely to get as it has only been able to be voted on since November whereas BU and classic have been around since 2015.
Like I said, I am not an expert, most of this information has been recalled off the top of my head I would advise making a post with the very same question you asked me to the whole forum. You are likely to get a better explanation!
@_date: 2017-01-25 23:47:58
I think you make a lot of great points!
I find it hard to disagree with almost anything you said. 


Can the user not simply choose not to use the additional rule included by the soft-fork? I often view it as an opt-in. You can still use the old rules while choosing to use the new rule like RBF (in general).
I think most people when arguing about soft or hard forking or using it with the current context. The unnerving thing about the current HF proposal is like you said, BU does not really have peer review and it's code is still unused. It would not just be a simple change of rules but a complete change of developers which shouldn't happen. It is open source. So that is for me, a scary prospect. Which I think at times gets projected on to HFs in general rather than its current context.
Similar to SegWit. It is a substantial change. While it is 'opt-in' for usage by bottom end users after activation it is changing a lot of the things so as you said, the miners get to decide by themselves which isn't ideal.
I'm unsure however, how scared they are of soft forks as there have been several soft forks in the past which have been successful. Only one hard fork. I think they are just playing political games. The node count and the 100 companies are showing support for SegWit. The only ones who are lagging behind in the network are the miners. Acting as if they are the ones who should make decisions when in my opinion, the community has already spoken, the decision has been made.
@_date: 2017-01-18 05:20:35
Incredibly misleading title.
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:13:21
I believe that when him and Jeff Garzik were called out on twitter they unliked his post. Not sure how to source that.
But, he will only spend a [very tiny portion]( of his own bitcoin. With very little proof he has actually bought any. Considering how illiquid the market has been with bcash, buying thousands would lead to a huge pump on exchanges and wouldn't have been steadily falling from the ~ $700 it started on. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:15:31
The current 2x agreement creates 8mb blocks, not 2mb.
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:20:30
Are you really surprised the developer is interested in the technology? 
The trader will be interested in the volatility and the profits.
The failed politician will be interested in how to make a power play.
@_date: 2017-08-20 09:51:01
Happily take you there. You can experience for yourself.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:08:30
Stop trivialising all the suffering that goes on in North Korea by comparing it to a subreddit. It is disgusting behaviour and incredibly disrespectful to all those who suffer there.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:38:31
The last thing they developed was the Xthin blocks in BU which caused the nodes crashes several times. Is it fixed now? I know bugs were constantly found but now it's irrelevant it's not being attacked any more. Considering it's similar group of developers, I think the assessment is more fair then unfair. 
Unless everything is working as intended. Bitmain who sponsored the project sure are raking in the blocks for bcash and enjoying increased fees on btc. I think this is less-likely, however plausible.
@_date: 2017-08-07 12:02:25
You forked off... Why are you still engaging with the propaganda?
Be happy with your altcoin and let the majority stick with the real bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:22:57
They don't refuse to increase the block size. It is in the road map and has repeatedly been mentioned as a future plan after exhausting efficiency options.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:49:59
I would agree on that if those were the only variables involved. It is more complicated than that which is why 'facts' from both side are rather flimsy. Bitcoin is far too complex set of incentives to truly be able to confidently predict.
 I will say right not there is no way that you can persuade me the current Ver is a positive force for bitcoin. Zero chance. He neither has the education or the temperament to make me care for any of his opinions. This is all his does now a days. Says his opinions. Whereas before, he would be promoting bitcoin adoption through his (at times) impressive PR skills. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 09:45:26
You mean Craig Wright the known scammer? Who Roger Ver, the ex-con, tries to insinuate is Satoshi without actually saying it, due to his experience as a failed politician in America?
I'm okay thanks.  
@_date: 2017-08-29 09:28:30
No need for bcash when there is litecoin.
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:18:51
What do you classify as an avoidable tx? Just out of interest.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:48:32
There's a block size increase coming... but not in November supported by ~150 nodes.
@_date: 2017-01-08 15:25:30
Probably part due to the [50btc]( transaction fee someone sent by accident...
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:58:53
We consistently see spam-like tax of very low fees in the mempool which are very unlikely to be confirmed. We will undoubtedly see the same people bloat SegWit witness data in time.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:33:39
In all honesty, I don't think what is happening is without manipulation. For that reason, I think there will be a new dynamic in play before it ever reached that as that would surely lead to bcash self-destruction and pools like btc.top, antpool, viabtc (all Bitmain) and f2pool are making too much money to let it disappear so soon. Bitmain need it around and functioning until November to act as a deterrent to 2x detractors. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 04:06:38


You should clearly learn more about the person you idolise. If you are unaware about all the hypocritical things he's done in the past, then you should have a more critical approach to who's views you support. [Are you even aware that he abused his admin access to blockchain.info wallet to take revenge on a customer dispute?]( Notice how he wants it deleted. This would be met with cries of censorship if it was the other way round.


Did you read each link... there are five there. Each an example of a never ending delayed 'development' of a wallet support. 


It should. There are more and more newcomers everyday. Young and uneducated being suckered in by all the puff pieces on r/btc from Ver on how it is the real bitcoin. Essentially his own words.
Notice how yesterday on r/btc there were several attacks on Luke's very casual and informal interview about why he is interested in bitcoin. The straight after the attacks, Ver sweeps in with his formal, edited, news interview about bitcoin. Classic shake and bake.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:44:08
Pretty sure Ver liked Jihan Wu's tweet when he made a meme about the Jonestown massacre and UASF. Funny how he only cares about children's lives when it's convenient for him. 
He's becoming as big a fraud and scammer as Craig Wright. Keeps pumping Bcash and making statements how he will go all in on support, trying to get people to pump it for him without taking on any of the risk himself.
He's all smoke and words these days.
@_date: 2017-01-24 23:34:36
There have been several similar posts as this in the last 24h, I would suggest looking before posting or you will probably get some frustrated responses. Someone shared a link showing that a lot of low fee tx had been sent in an attempt to clog the network. Hardly a coincidence after the mining difficulty has just gone up ~16%. This happens every now and again so people can complain about the block size and manipulate events. The last two weeks the mempool had barely ~1000 tx. I've never waited more than an hour for a confirmation. I always check the state of the network and the fee before sending. 
@_date: 2017-01-28 07:19:48


I can send money around the world in seconds lots of ways. I prefer to do so with bitcoin because it costs me &lt;$0.10 and &lt;1 hour and I hold it as a store of value. 


Sure, I can. I wouldn't. Costs loads more, takes more time to arrive and set up. 
Compared to the ease of pulling out my wallet to pay for a coffee at Starbucks...
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:49:17
Didn't he state his only education in economics was reading a book in prison? 
@_date: 2017-08-07 12:53:32
Is it being used in a misleading nature to further a political cause or point of view?
If yes, propaganda. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 10:15:36
99 companies/businesses waiting to implement though... shame to let them all down and waste real businesses/companies time already using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-20 15:03:50
When will reddit be accused of 'censorship'... 
@_date: 2016-11-26 14:39:31
This is probably not of much use.... but from general reading..
There aren't many prominent figures actually opposed to SegWit in itself. There are those like you said, that oppose it being activated as a soft-fork and would rather it be activated as a HF. There are others who oppose due to 'political reasons'. Finally, my favourite, those who want SegWit but AFTER a block size increase....
So good luck finding a comprehensive list, but I imagine you'll be able to count them all on one hand.
@_date: 2017-08-20 16:34:51
Of course you're right, but the odds on being correct when you trust the crazy guy could be a million to one. Then throw in the fairly high percentage that the 'experts' aren't going to be correct in their predications.
This current outcome, and the reason this idea as released now, is far from over. The unknown bcash hashrate could easily be an attacker waiting for the high block conf speed to push a high difficulty for the next round and then put their hash back to the real Bitcoin. Letting uncertainty and doubt play on the very ones minds. The incentives are all over place. Best guesses imo, from anyone, are probably going to be wrong. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:32:10
As the price gets lower, the difficulty will need to reduce more to become profitable. The lower the difficulty, the more effect the same hashrate which has been working on bcash will have. The lower difficulty and same hash should increase blks/h. I agree the next cycle will reveal more information.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:36:35
Couldn't tell you. Some country you've never heard of before which supports criminals I guess. 
@_date: 2016-11-20 07:15:06
Considering the ViaBTC pool is new, they are either purposefully spreading negativity for their own agenda or are pretty poor business people....
To start up a business in Bitcoin which you think is "...marching toward extinction" is quite baffling. At the time they began, price was more like $400 which is a lot worse off than where it is now. 
So why on Earth would they start up?
@_date: 2017-08-26 10:15:26
If the oscillation goes on much longer, it will reduce bitcoins hashrate again making it even more profitable, and harder for bcash to compete due to its hyperinflation forcing the price down. 
Bcash's solution to their EDA problem is to [copy tech from altcoins.]( It appears there are no developers able to solve the problems they create themselves and will forever need to copy and paste others code.
@_date: 2016-11-14 23:27:17
The frustrating thing here is that it was done privately and secretly. For all the complaints about centralisation and censorship that go on, this is perhaps the worst violation.
Why do only some people get to make the rules? Why was it not an open sourced project? Is this indicative of the direction of bitcoin? I see very little good-nature behind this letter of intent.
Creating in private, a document which is designed to strong-arm and bend others to its will, signed and participated by a minority of the community serves to create further divides.  
@_date: 2017-08-26 10:36:30
Yeah, I have to admit, the last post of mine was rather dick-ish.
@_date: 2017-01-28 00:44:31
It could. Then you are changing two parameters instead of one. The more changes of fundamental principles there are the less trust I would place on it. I like the fact that no matter how loud and how often the minority and the extremely rich complain, there socio/political noise results in absolutely no change. Good practice for if/when governments attempt to alter things.
@_date: 2017-08-26 10:06:57
I've read several things about both of them in the past couple of years. I don't need to read anymore to guess what rubbish they are going to say. You have bcash. If big blocks are the god send you think them to be then you have nothing to worry about, sit back and relax. You don't need my approval to flush your money down the drain.
@_date: 2017-01-22 06:16:41
Would find more support for a hard forked segwit than segwit with BU which still would not improve the situation much more.
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:48:08
Would be interesting to see why he is so salty.
When someone doesn't go in to specifics, it is really hard to treat them as genuine. After 2-3 years, hard to imagine what he expected. Having a satellite in space broadcasting the blockchain is quite the achievement though.
Not sure what possible 'returns' he could be talking about as it seems the 1000+% in BTC is of no interest to him.
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:39:15
To be honest, there's perhaps been ~10 days in the last year or two where the mempool has seen this amount of traffic so on any of of those 700+ days you could literally do whatever you wanted.
Cafe/bar is pointless at this stage of Bitcoin. It just hasn't progressed far enough along in development to be used like that. The 1mb size at the moment I think will be looked back on as necessary while Bitcoin evolves to be able to handle major businesses using it for tx. If Netflix or amazon jumped on board now because a few want to get rich(er) quick then the negative exposure would be pretty damning in the future. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 10:16:41
Did I hurt your feelings before because I wouldn't listen to you? Apologies. Your mommy was right. You are very important and your opinion matters.
@_date: 2016-11-15 05:23:39
This one has been here for now over 20 hours, and there was an earlier post at the weekend about the same thing.... 
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:18:41
I think it's a never ending spiral of bad ideas when use other's tech to fix a problem of your own making. If you couldn't foresee a problem and you don't understand the initial problem after you've made, then you take another's tech without fully comprehending the problem in the first place, it's not going to get better.
Let alone the message it sends that the first problem they encounter they are unable to solve by themselves. Hardly what you would call a crack development team. More like a child who constantly needs supervision and more knowledgeable others around to help.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:19:32
At this rate, I'm guessing around 18 days!
@_date: 2016-11-27 10:42:56
Something to think about... 
SSDs are certainly getting better. They are very useful for desktop computers. Unfortunately, usage of desktops has been steadily declining, therefore SSDs overall usefulness is going down. Of course they can be used for laptops but who leaves there laptop on 24/7 for a node? That is not the function of a laptop. 
Think more into the future, more globalisation, more need for portable technology, not that which is stuck in one place. The only thing I have running 24/7 is my phone. Having nodes being able to be run on smart phones and tablets will be a hell of a lot more useful than more advanced SSDs for desktop computers.
As the blockchain has been getting bigger, even at 1mb block size, the number of nodes has been declining each year.... should be thinking how to streamline the process and take away the burden from nodes, rather than short term 'fixes'. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 10:54:20
Where do you think their interests lie? 
I think we can always rely on people to want to make money....
Bitcoin has been increasing in value steadily for the last ~2 years. BTCC will certainly want more people to use bitcoin so they make more money, therefore their decisions are probably centred around that idea. 
Whatever decisions Core are making, are made in consensus with 100s of developers. I trust 100 people to reach decisions that are in the interest of the larger community than a handful who could easily be manipulated and bought. I'm not saying that anyone is acting with devious intentions but odds are not on Core. 
What the majority of people say on these forums should be taken more in humour than seriously.
@_date: 2016-11-19 06:22:01
SegWit can be undone.
@_date: 2017-08-26 07:51:07
More specific to the common fee and mempool posts.
That post is more of a self-congratulatory pat on the back.
I was thinking more daily.
@_date: 2016-12-09 11:09:17


I know over 100 people who disagree.. The people who created the code.
@_date: 2017-01-04 23:43:15
Kraken is pretty good I find. Hardly had any issues. Can you not take a photo with a smartphone and upload it to your computer?
@_date: 2016-11-27 02:18:55
That was sort of my point... Technically a block weight increase as it increases the amount of tx which can be stored in a 1mb block.
@_date: 2016-11-27 03:10:24
As you said
@_date: 2016-11-20 09:22:17
Indulging the conspiracy theory, but surely blocking/delaying progress would not be a goal. To push another pathway perhaps (indirectly delaying one solution to progress). 
@_date: 2016-12-08 05:51:40
You're questioning the integrity of someone or a group of people who have invested into bitcoin...
The links you used are directly from a forum from someone who has heavily invested into every area of bitcoin. Creating their own reddit forum and publicising their own websites (which also acts as an additional source of income), starting a mining pool, starting their own conferences, their own bitcoin client, and exchanges. 
Do not have double standards. 
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:20:26
See this as a strategic move. Wang can now play his SegWit support against any rising UASF support. His support of SegWit could stop any UASF progress while still not activating SegWit. 
@_date: 2019-04-08 11:57:59
I don’t get the idea that it is a delay. That is simply your perspective. For others it is premature. 
Those pushing for block size changes always have this unknown schedule they are trying to keep with that no ones else knows anything about. Demand is a large factor. IF things need to be “ready”, then the demand will incentivize quicker development. The fact is most demand has not been genuine so there has been no reason to alter the current path. There has been drama, but it is largely manufactured considering the outcome we are presently in. There is a lot of noise in the discussions.
@_date: 2019-04-05 02:21:51
Drawing parallels with onchain fees seems to be useful. If the LN fee set aside is not your money, then every time you buy bitcoin how much of it isn’t not your money? You have trading fee and  withdrawal fee before it gets to your wallet. Then to send 10 separate txs, that’s 10 separate fees. The issue of it “not being your money” is not an inherent problem with LN. How much m during that scenario was not your money? It’s hard to keep track of the sats you loose, with LN it’s more apparent. Fees are a “problem” throughout crypto. Each time you are paying for a service. It is no different for LN. 
@_date: 2017-04-13 23:01:51
Right, I noticed it two days ago, seeing more and more blocks appear and then checked percentages. Will see how long it lasts before going full tin-hat.
It is a good question. I've been hoping for some sort of announcement from them stating their position. It is pathetic how the the mining community works when they ask with zero accountability. 
People like Wang Chun can say what ever he likes about SegWit as long as he backs it up with some sort of written out piece explaining his thoughts. Personally, I feel that this has all been approached wrong. Too many absolutes. For example, I think an adaptable block size limit like BU is a good idea. I think the way they implemented it is terrible. ExtB is much better in this regard but I wouldn't accept an ExtB proposal without SegWit. While stating positions, prominent members of the community should also share thoughts on what would help them change their mind. Just saying SegWit is a disaster is pretty much useless in the sphere of communication.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:24:10
They came forwarding promoting their proposal after speaking to 'representatives of both sides' as if they had the holy grail. The solution.
When discussions take place informally, in private, when there are known formal, public procedures available for proposals then of course there will be bad faith assumed. The alternative is that they have just as poor social relation skills as they accuse Core of having (who cares).
EB has been discussed at least twice before at length, both times dismissed, even with Beck as an advocate. This is why Core, BIP process, and Bitcoin-dev mailing list work. People do not have to agree to create good software they do need to listen and communicate with each other. People did not agree with larger blocks, two people left Core crying about it and created XT which didn't work. Complete newcomers tried to create BU, they get told EC isn't a good idea, they double down. Now, EB, after already having faults labelled has a separate dev team again, developers peer-review and comment, say it's not that great, the devs make a medium post complaining that their idea was dismissed.
 If you believe that BIP process and Bitcoin-dev mailing list doesn't work, why are you involved with bitcoin? It seems like a very important part of it. If I thought that it didn't work I would probably walk away thinking that bitcoin was a failure. 
@_date: 2017-04-13 12:45:07
Unsurprising when you tweet FUD causing the market to significantly drop in price causing people to lose money. In a community full of computing hobbyists, it is hardly unexpected that when you piss people off you encounter DDoS attacks. Especially when you complain about it beforehand. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 13:35:23
If it is not BIP ready (not sure that it can actually work) then why bother with all the lobbying? The way they went about it was far too political and too reminiscent of BU where theres very little testing and review, and a whole lot of PR. Wrong foot first I guess IMHO. 
I personally like the idea of EB and think it is a much more viable solution than some solutions floating around but not without SegWit. If the representatives said that SegWit was important and they liked SegWit, why on Earth did the develop something that doesn't work with it...
The bad faith is from the frustration. The vilifying of people is of course unwelcome, but this debate has been marred with such character assassinations and those who are in the centre of it all are far too deep to be able to think rationally at times.  
@_date: 2017-04-13 22:14:33
Mining SegWit, they seemed to have around 2-3% hashrate. Since mining BU their hashrate has gone up to 4-5%. My just be variation or coincidence at the moment...
@_date: 2017-04-13 14:33:14
Did miners respect devs choice and intellect?
@_date: 2017-04-16 12:35:56
Imagine an architect designing a very intricate and complex building.... They give you the design and you ask to them to start tweaking variables, "I want here a little bigger", "I need more space in this area", "Here is too big, lets that make smaller" etc. The architect cannot simply implement your changes at will, it completely alters the rest of the structure. It is a similar premise. A design is ready to use now. Any alterations of the design will need more time to come to fruition (if at all) and depends on the impact that changes have on the rest of the design. No good designing a mile high building if the materials and foundations aren't capable.
@_date: 2017-04-06 11:28:41
Unfortunately you have to question the motives of people who do things secretively. 
There is absolutely no reason why they could not have asked any other developers privately, or better yet publicly, before promising 'the perfect solution' to those less able to see pitfalls. 
Also, I hate to say, but as far as I can tell, only two or three people have spoken up about this. Wu, Ver, and possibly ViaBTC. What about all the other members of the community which were lobbied?
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:33:08
That's a valid point, I think that movement has already faded away. I've read a few things about BTC.top will stop their BU signalling soon for extblks which I feel is a step in the right direction, although I haven't read much about the latest variation of it except that it breaks SegWit which seems a novice error.
I do think extblk would be great to have in times like this when there are huge increases in tx. SegWit will help reduce the effect of it but it would great if through using extblks during spam attacks, that fees under 60 satoshis/b were left for the original block (less space) and fees higher could be swept up in the extension block (more space) prioritising those who pay their fees but lowering the possibility of the 200 s/b fees that sometimes occur. Not sure if that is possible, I'm certainly not a programmer. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 11:35:24
Stopped already.
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:25:01
When you fly to China to meet miners you are literally trying to influence them in person on your idea. That is how I use the word 'lobbying'. It seems like your interpretation hinges more on signed agreements.
It does include some benefits from SegWit, but whereas SegWit could deliver those benefits today (Very hypothetical could), EB still needs to undergo 6-12 months of testing. EB should have been a layer on top of SegWit. Afterall, the space of the LN tx was a great inclusion. However, it delays scaling for even longer. 
I agree, the whole covert asicboost and EB connection is still a little too tin-hat for me. The coincidences are there, though, so it's not a surprise that some people are jumping on-board. The main one for me being all the complaints about soft-forks being worse than hard-forks than suddenly soft-forks are acceptable.
@_date: 2017-09-20 09:38:33
He said a while back that he has bought thousands of Bcash. Only converted a few hundred bitcoin. Doesn't believe his own shit he's pedalling. He claims to have hundreds of thousands of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-04 23:08:38
In the beginning, you could argue your point, except for possibly S2X which has always been about 'firing' Core developers.
As time goes on though, due to insults people become bitter and that becomes reflected in their work. Core has a filter of over 100 people to stop negative work being merged. S2X has one developer so it is likely the choices he is making are going to be heavily influenced and more likely to be 'attacking'. Similar to Bcash as well.
@_date: 2016-10-23 08:58:15
It's in the article. Read it. 
@_date: 2016-10-23 11:13:32
I may be wrong, but my understanding is that the space needed to store it is irrelevant compared to the bandwidth needed to keep it updated. Downloading 1gb every 10 minutes would be quite a feat in the majority of the world relying on a fewer amount of people who are able to do it. 
For new people downloading the chain would then again be quite a feat. 
On-chain scaling may very well need to happen, I have no idea. However, it is definitely not THE solution, it may need to be incorporated in some way. How big would the block size need to be to allow thousands of tx/s? If currently 1mb is 3... 
 
@_date: 2018-04-05 01:56:23


It wasn't supposed to be a debate. It was supposed to be a panel discussion. Interestingly things got switched around leaving only the two of them. Something that RV has been manoeuvring for, for a long time. Doubt it was a coincidence.


It's difficult when you keep on getting interrupted. In the end his face-palms communicated more than he needed to.


It's the same points of discussion he has had for ages, but this time with a new fallacy 'Think of the children'.


If you want him to be the face of your bitcoin he can be. I don't want anyone representing it. That's the point. That is why Satoshi left. If you want to idolise authority figures, then bitcoin has magnitudes to choose from. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 14:14:19
'The priests of Satoshi' are annoying. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:04:47
Of course it is relevant... If ViaBTC are going to save 50% of their block space for friends, their pool tx, accelerator etc etc, then that will drive up the fees for those of us who are not on their special list in the other 50% of space. Bitfury too have specfically mined low sat/byt tx for businesses known to them. Safe to assume they are all doing it. 
This is a huge issue created by centralised mining pools which will only get worse as businesses collude with pools to ensure that their tx are put through cheaper than everyone else's. Need more decentralisation of mining pools - if any.
The extra space from SegWit which could gradually increased since November would have been beneficial now, too. But wait, we needed large blocks two years ago.... But we aren't going to use the solution which is ready and delay already half a year for a solution which isn't present. Great. 
Who profits from this? The miners.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:35:20
This always happens with Kraken when prices are volatile for coins. Every time.
@_date: 2017-05-18 22:38:40
I was expecting him to actually discuss why he changed his mind from '1mb forever makes Bitcoin work perfectly' a few weeks after multimillion dollar agreement with Bitmain to 'hard fork bigger blocks now!'
Where was this addressed...? 
@_date: 2017-05-18 10:25:20
Something very similar to [this](
Most would be ticked off if SegWit was activated in November.
@_date: 2017-05-29 03:28:42
The development does not make it a scam. The economics makes it a scam. Considering how Ver constantly attacks developers and insists they have zero economic sense, I'm surprised that you're allowed to discuss this area.
[Here]( we can see another popular banner, this time before the pool is even open! 
[Here]( and [here]( and [here]( claiming that the pool hashrate is rising since cloud mining has stated yet today you are at below 100!! 
So apparently you had already increased your hashrate with your cloud mining which started more than a week ago according to Ver. This is contradictory to what you said above. 
Currently, 5 TH/s for three months costs $310. Daily returns are $4.94. Daily fees $1.50. Without including difficulty adjustments, you come out with only $309. So please explain how that is profitable and not a scam considering we both difficulty has been increasing greatly, you would end up losing a lot more during that three month period. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 04:59:57
Oh no! Posters!
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:33:33
Why pay a high fee for a low priority tx...? 1 hour... 24 hours... 72 hours... did it really matter?
Having said that... would probably still cost at least as much as the tx value.
@_date: 2016-10-23 12:57:27
I agree that miners definitely do not have any interest in raising the size above what the network can handle as they would inevitably lose money if things began to deteriorate. 
If I am honest with you, I don't disagree with the idea of raising the block size. I have the same opinion to it as Brexit (I'm British), that it could have proceeded in a positive manner which would have lead to a positive outcome. However, it did not, largely due to the people that led the campaign were not the ones with the knowledge, research, or experience to do so. 
I personally don't like the idea of the block size being changed without any due diligence on the future impact that it could have rather than immediate outcomes. I hope that core or anyone for that matter does this research as it seems to be a rather large unknown.
What is your opinion about segwit? While certainly it shouldn't be represented as THE solution either as its scaling effect is more of a bonus than a main feature, do you think that it's potential for progress should be stalled? As I mentioned, it does have a slight benefit in terms of scaling, and it seems lightning goes hand-in-hand with it. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:26:40
Well SegWit has been ready and waiting since November. Who knows what other tech would have been released by now.
Litecoin will have lightning, MAST, and Schnorr by the end of the year according to their roadmap and we are being forced to have lower capacity by Bitmain and co. If only there wasn't a mining monopoly! 
@_date: 2017-05-29 03:08:14
[Here]( is a quick summary.
[I think abusing his customers confidentiality is the worst thing about him though, as he did abusing his blockchain.info admin status.](
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:43:21
Unless the increase in price leads to much bigger chip developers in the mining business significantly reducing his &gt;70% monopoly...
@_date: 2017-05-19 10:28:56
What is it precisely you find unacceptable?
@_date: 2016-10-10 13:38:27
ViaBTC hashrate already dropping from ~10% to ~8%.. that amount of variance normal...?
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:43:21
Is blockstream interested in any other blockchains? Or only Bitcoin, out of interest?
Right, I feel all businesses involved in bitcoin should be funding in one form or another. Not just take. It's sad to see recently companies banding together and demanding changes from developers... where has the same pressure been on Bitmain from these companies? Or other scaling-stalling involved businesses? Seems misplaced.
Will there be an updated roadmap from Core at any point in the near future? Say, prior SegWit activation, updated timeframes for capacity increase due to SegWit, how quickly could LN, MAST, or Schnorr Sigs be implemented? Things like that if it is even possible to estimate. The last I've seen was around 2015 I think.
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:51:54
He supports SegWit. Just doesn't believe that scaling should only be SegWit. Similar to Core who also want a hard fork to a larger block size in the future. Difference is timing and the more radical buggy BU solution.
@_date: 2017-05-19 10:26:58
It was discussed several weeks ago. Apparently, we need scaling now according to BU proponents... SegWit won't be enough to make a difference... but waiting a year for EXTBLK to be tested is acceptable... hmmm.
@_date: 2017-05-13 07:35:50
This is a loaded narrative piece.
@_date: 2017-05-27 14:31:22
No, that I felt just reflects the dishonesty of those who run the site. If you've run out of all of products, you can't label the last one as popular, clearly it is unpopular because the others were bought first. 
I called it a scam because it is looking similar to a ponzi. All those contracts sold out, but no increase in hash? Would reflect the majority of the hash controlled privately by bitcoin.com (often claiming it is not privately owned hash), or they are just paying the first investors with the newer investors money. Third option... the recent drop in price cancelled all of the contracts that they had running which happens when the pool deems their contract as unprofitable. 
Either way... cloud mining is often a scam and is sacrilege to perform on that domain. But, unsurprising considering who owns it.
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:45:38
Posters do not equal vandalism. What a drama queen.
@_date: 2017-05-15 00:14:14
Why blockstream? They have no say in bitcoin's direction. It is not the same comparison as Bitmain who make extra $1000s each block by support BU - a client which will never make it. Jihan even shot down their proposed flag day hard fork.
The only way I see progress happening is when a competing mining chip producers comes about. Having a 70% monopoly means you can seriously dictate mining. When there is a reasonable competitor Bitmain will be forced to listen to the community more. Right now, they are content with stalling bitcoin's progress. 
Developers get no extra benefit from keeping bitcoin how it is. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:53:15
I don't know. He flip-flops all over the place. The fact that he does retweet Ver's idiocy just highlights his tendency to be fooled by conmen. There are too many personalities, who flip-flop. Look at Stephen Pair, so quickly after Bitmain deal. Hard not to be suspicious. At least Luke and Greg have stayed consistent with their opinions on scaling Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-18 10:07:25
Depends on the fees to purchase and then to transact on it. Bitcoin with lightning should be unstoppable to any competition. 
Pretty sure bitcoin at BIC camera in Japan at the moment (similar to best buy) is tax free with an added 5% discount... Not going to get a better deal! Especially with adverts on T.V.s now. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 15:40:22
Core developers have a solution which reduces the the tx fee. Politics from others is stalling it. Regardless, he is right. Everyone must evaluate and reevaluate their purposes for using bitcoin. Why does it need to be bitcoin? I use different coins for different purposes. For a long-term investment I use bitcoin, therefore, the tx fees are irrelevant.
Your frustration, which I think everyone feels towards bitcoin in regards to the scaling debate is misplaced. You cannot blame a group of independents. Improvements are being stalled due to a handful of people's ideologies and politics. If you truly think that Core is the problem, then you should choose another coin because they are not going nowhere soon...
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:54:24
Kickbacks I would assume. Certainly not the kindness of their hearts.
Are you claiming BU as ready? They all suffer from the same problems. They have no developers. Because they have such a small number of developers, the code comes out full with bugs. They don't have the manpower to manage anything close to what Core has managed the previous years. It appears the one thing that you cannot replace within bitcoin are the developers. BU puts this on a pedestal by having bitcoin-ending failures twice a month. The developers, while competent in their own fields, cannot maintain their own client. Anyone who still promotes BU as ready to be main stage I cannot trust or take seriously. 
Miners can be replaced. Bitmain can be replaced.It is that simple. 
Logically, however frustratingly, even to me to a certain extent, segwit2mb is irrational when considering scaling from Core's stance of observing changes in the wild. A large part of me wishes they would just compromise and be done with it. Yet, If it is a choice between trusting Ver and Wu, or Core devs when considering scaling... It is a clear choice IMO.
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:12:35
You can argue their ideology sure, but not their ability to deliver production ready code. No other development team has done that to date, as far as I'm aware. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:22:16
Right, it seems recently the developers have stated that they will make BU and classic compatible with bitcoin ABC. Already, some BU supporters feel disenfranchised with the whole connection with CW and are less enthusiastic about it. Yet to see if that means the company previously supporting it change their mind as well, like Bitpay and Purse etc. 
@_date: 2017-07-20 02:50:46
Not exactly. If it were BU splitting off with their nodes, their hashrate and their support, then I would still agree with you. 
BitcoinABC has apparently next to no support from any wallet, exchange, miners which is not affiliated with Bitmain.
I would expect CB to treat their fork with as much care as they would if I created a fork called Bitcoin Unicorns. 
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:43:56
Interesting response. 
Being open about their thoughts on the MAHF(UAHF). Could be some complaints about CB holding peoples forked coins, but I think this is CB stating that Bitcoin ABC (or whatever that are trying to call it) has zero value. 
Overall, I think this is positive. Can't support every single fork every done. They are just stating, in their view, that this fork has absolutely no value and not worth the effort to provide users with coins that they wouldn't be able to sell because nobody would be willing to take them off their hands.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:25:11
Would make more sense for the HF to be within a two year activation window, as a BIP similar to SegWit. The BIP is only active after SegWit is activated and if the tx backlog is not influenced by prior increases in capacity due to SegWit and other efficiency related improvements.
IMO, 2019-2020 there will be a huge increase in bitcoin use due to the world events transpiring in those years. Both rugby world cup and Olympics in Japan. Bitcoin is increasingly being adopted and should be the most feasible choice for travellers visiting the country rather than converting to yen and back to their own currency. Especially those from the sport mad country of Australia who are also making huge steps in adoption of bitcoin. If bitcoin is unprepared during this time, it will struggle in later years. Before that time, I can only see things like Amazon/Netflix/Air BnB making any significant difference which there has been very little news about. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:36:45
Why not complain to the miners for selectively including tx instead of taking highest first. ViaBTC specifically accepts low sat/byt fees to people with vested interests, forcing fees higher.
@_date: 2017-05-12 15:38:14
That would make bitcoin a lot easier to control from a miners perspective... Not in the least surprised. Who has a spare $10K to run a node!
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:35:06
Blockstreams Samson Mow was invited, but then was uninvited before the meeting started at others request....
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:18:01
I would agree with what you said the majority of the time, but ETH forked several times after the DAO fork, yet none of those chains were supported. If there is a potential of three, four, or even five chains coming for bitcoin, would you want CB to risk those other chains trying to support the least viable fork?
It's a risk/reward scenario, this time I think they nailed it. If there were to withhold my UASF coins if a chain split occurred, then I would be pissed. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:45:06
Bitcoin should be more than a 'get rich quick' investment or business scheme. There is so much drama created over nothing. Everything moves in cycles. Price goes up, price goes down. Market Cap goes up, goes down. Fees go up, go down.
Hearing suggestions from the 1% of bitcoin users, the ridiculously rich constantly berating about non-existent issues yet have such an impact is incredibly disheartening IMO and probably many others. I do not want to be part of another project where the richer you are means the more rights you have. 
Roger Ver and Jihan Wu. Two names I do not need to know because they do nothing useful for bitcoin. Nothing at all. Both simply gambled and got lucky. They should have little-to-no impact on bitcoin. They are neither socially nor academically better off than myself, yet here we are stuck because they do not want SegWit. For the last year, there has been nothing but negativity from both of them and it is truly discouraging. So to compromise, to give these people what they want, to stroke their egos... is the last thing I want to be a part of. It is embarrassing that it has gotten this far. If I was an industry leader, I would refuse to accept any bitcoins minted by a Bitmain associated pool.  
@_date: 2017-07-15 14:50:41
With all due respect, that's because Core has earnt that respect. Respect should not be given freely... especially with $40 billion market cap on price the line directly, and apparently over $100 billion indirectly. Benefit of the doubt doesn't cut it.
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:20:13
I think every development team are trying their best to find bugs in Core's code as they want to bring them down a few pegs. Their every move is being scrutinised. Recently there was an uproar about Adam Back saying "get out of the way". 
However, Jihan Wu can tweet pictures of the Jonestown massacre and make light of them. Roger Ver can ridicule all black people saying that the scaling debate is similar to Rosa Parks. Craig Wright can dance around stage calling out multiple people swearing at them and eventually telling everyone else to piss off.
I can't see how supporting Core can be called blind hero worship. At its worst it could be 'the lesser of two evils' but I don't even see that. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 10:22:56
Which testnet has it been tested on, if at all? When my money is involved, I want the testing procedure to be similar to that of a nuclear power plant. Doesn't matter how well they know how to build them, still undergo rigorous testing. Has this happened with BIP 100? I know it was updated recently, but has it been peer reviewed and tested? Or is it another proposal with insufficient testing and review being pushed forward by a few devs?
At the beginning, yes. As it become more popular and more complex, more gifted programmers and computer scientists wanted to contribute. It is nerd and geek heaven. It is impossible to replace that sort of quality with that level of experience with the code. Just look at the newcomers with BU.
Mining is completely different. The people owning the miners give no benefit to the system beyond owning a mining unit. The person owning it can be anyone. They are unimportant. Therefore easily replaced. Bitmain is the same. They are not the best computer chip manufacturers in the world. If nvidia put in some R&amp;D into the project, they would crush Bitmain and replace them. Easily replaceable. The only reason that this has not happened yet is that it is not profitable enough yet to interest those parties. Conveniently, the price has been suppressed allowing Bitmain to maintain a monopoly on the market. At $10,000 a bitcoin, suddenly a lot more companies will be interested in making mining chips. This causes Bitmain to have a much less share of the profits until eventually they have the very little impact that they should have.
Funnily enough, I think a PoW algo change would actually make EC more plausible if well reviewed, due to less centralisation if it's done correctly.
There's always going to be a HF. Question is when and what change does it make. Hopefully not a static one and hopefully one similar to Luke's which allows soft-forking the block size in the future.
@_date: 2017-06-19 13:05:53
Right, it isn't easiest or the most possible explanation.
It is probably a combination of several factors, good and bad.
@_date: 2017-06-15 09:30:46
Haha right BIP148 which has been around for over a month or BITmainCOIN which was announced hours beforehand....
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:27:22


This was my point. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:29:39
At first. Hopefully success will persuade them to step up to the big leagues that is bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2017-07-17 04:55:30
I wonder the significance of claiming the BCC ticker. There has always been a push from big-blockers to label the current bitcoin BCC as a reference to Core. I'm hesitant to accept this merely as a coincidence at the moment. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 02:54:03
Did you read what Bitmain said?
They will only activate SegWit on their private chain under certain conditions which they have chosen by themselves, contrary to the agreement set forth in SegWit2x.
They will not fork to 2mb on their private chain, they will instead fork to a variable blocksize beginning at 2mb insinuating the bug-ridden BU code. Again, this is not what was agreed on in SefWit2x.
If SegWit2x was a real commitment by Bitmain, they would have already began signaling SegWit. This would be similar to how Bitclub and GBminers switched after the agreement. The safest way to avoid UASF is to just signal for SegWit today and activate. Problems solved. No need for private mines chained controlled solely by Bitmain.
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:11:17
Realistically everyone wants free tx. At the very least, as cheap as people. Reread what he said. He mentioned people may be willing to pay$100. There is a very big difference.
He has stated that's he wants tx cheaper than they are currently several times.
I am willing to pay current fees. Even higher under certain circumstances, that doesn't mean I'm happy about it or even prefer it.
@_date: 2017-06-07 22:56:39
Well, currently &gt;70% of mining units are bought from Bitmain with at least one mining pool stating to get mining rigs, they must signal what Jihan wants. The more competitors for Bitmain, the more accountable they are for their actions. I'm sure if there were competitive ASIC producers now, not many would be buying antminers out of frustration at Bitmain and Jihan's strangling of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-09 05:05:33
No argument with that statement. If crypto mining is on their radar, likelihood of specialised chips increase.
@_date: 2017-06-07 23:15:32
It is a foot in the door. If they put sufficient R&amp;D into it, they will quite easily come up with ASIC tech on par, if not better than what is currently available. IBM just made a break through with nanochips. More ASIC competitors will decentralise mining again in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-16 22:48:36
[Here's the link]( Tried contacting them, but the "contact us" tab is dead.
@_date: 2017-06-14 23:36:09
No. Because the supermajority... &gt;95% signal Core and SegWit. That is Coinbase included who have said several times they want SegWit activated. Along with 87% of other economic activity according to coin.dance.
I'm saying that the 40% currently still signalling for BU. Antpool, ViaBTC and BTC.Top are largely influenced and controlled by Bitmain. Bitmain recently just funded ViaBTC millions of $$$.
Not once did I mention nodes or the NY agreement (which by the way demanded that SegWit get activated immediately under the current BIP which Bitmain recently came out and said on their HF they will not activate SegWit until made up patents surrounding SegWit disappears) or Coinbase. 
@_date: 2017-06-19 12:44:27
I think the suggestion is that a mining cartel can easily pay high fees to each other if they want, only wasting a bit of money. It's not the craziest theory out there.
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:37:53
You wrote that you support and followed his ideas for a while so you should be able to recognise his meaning. There is no need to contort or rationalise. Simply reading from a shared perspective. 
If you are desperate to hear him say $100 fees are unacceptable, I'm sure his response will be that it is not up to him to determine what is and is not acceptable for the community. He stated his personal preference in the next sentence - 'really good if fees were much lower'.
 Personally, I can't think of almost no reasons why I would pay $100 tx. If it started to get anywhere near that price I would simply use something else. Not married to bitcoin. Litecoin is a viable alternative at the moment. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 23:29:35
Those comments... such low reading comprehension. 
All the fuss about the math being disproved, yet they fail to grasp that the model the math was based on was the subject of the debate. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:30:33
Thanks, this was the quote I was going to post.
@_date: 2017-06-19 12:57:17
The person in charge of Bitmain has a psychology degree. Not exactly what you would call a business genius. The whole UAHF just goes to highlight their incompetence IMO. These spikes have gone up increasingly each time so could be testing how much they can get away with. 
Either way, I wouldn't say it has been bad long-term yet. From their perspective, they were probably hoping for everyone to jump on to their ICO.
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:35:25
Short term, I would agree. Long-term could be a different story. I don't think many expect their initial productions to be anything useful for bitcoin, but if they are popular with altcoins and successful, more money will be put back into R&amp;D. This over a few years could produce something useful for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-06-14 05:23:02
Only Bitmain funded mining pools are currently vetoing Core and SegWit. ViaBTC, BTC.Top and Antpool are the only significant pools not signaling Core and consequently halting all progress. All those pools are back by Bitmain and therefore Jihan Wu. 
Without Bitmain, there would be consensus. They are single handily the issue. Any action to negate their stalling is positive.
@_date: 2017-06-14 23:31:28


Well, Bitmain recently funded ViaBTC in several different areas. [This is just one of the links I can quickly find]( 
We know for fact that Bitmain run BTC.com and the Israeli pool. You do some quick math and it is easy to see that the 83% from NY agreement is just current SegWit signalling and Bitmain funded pools. This is all the while Jihan stating that he is acting proxy for Chinese pools. This was seen during the Litecoin activation of SegWit when LTC.top(BTC.top) began signalling at the exact same time as Antpool.


I wouldn't exactly point to polls as a good metric. A supermajority of nodes &gt;90% are signalling for SegWit. 87% of economic activity on Coin.dance are supporting SegWit. Twice, during HK agreement and NY agreement a super majority of miners have found SegWit to be an acceptable upgrade. How should I take those facts as anything but consensus. Bitmain are the only vocal detractors with any power within the community. They produce &gt;70% of mining rigs. GBminers originally stated that because they got their miners from Bitmain that they had to signal what Jihan wants otherwise they wouldn't be able to get more. To go one step further to think that other pools are weary to get on the persons bad side who sells you your mining equipment is a bad idea is not that hard to imagine.
Bitmain has evolved into possibly the worst part of Bitcoin right now. The price has literally dropped $500 due to the reaction of him trying to privatise his own chain and fork bitcoin.
