@_author: juscit
@_date: 2018-01-27 23:31:11
I'm not the OP nor do I have enough in crypto to travel the world, but his advice will either be the following or he is trying to scam you:
1. In order to get to the point that the OP is at you either have to get incredibly lucky or start out with a lot of capital. Most likely this guy acquired btc back when it was dirt cheap and had the fortitude to hold through its violent journey. 
2. Research coins that you believe in and hold them. That will be your best chance at gaining financial security through crypto. Day trading is almost never beneficial unless you are a professional and even then it's not a surefire method.
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:15:28
Interesting. Thanks for the info. So do you know if bch has had a similar period of crazy long transaction times during a time when btc was more profitable to mine? 
Will the off chain network for small transactions completely solve this problem? I feel like it could exacerbate the profitability issue that caused all of this, and the network would still be relatively spammable, just by slightly larger transactions.
Although now that I think about it, it would be much more difficult to spam the network unless the spammer had significantly more capital to spam with I guess the miner profitability is the bigger issue here.
@_date: 2018-03-18 04:36:37
Hmm.. I think it's literally right after, although I can't exactly remember now (short term memory lul)
If you filed using a form 8949 they should ask you to attach in a pdf 
@_date: 2018-03-18 03:58:43
Hey! You have the option to attach it right before you file with TaxAct. I was just as confused as you were, and initially found this post while trying to ask the same question! Good luck with it :)
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:10:10
Sure thing! 2 quick warnings:
1) Joining coinbase requires submitting some form of ID. This is to ensure that you live where you say you live, and so coinbase can be compliant with UK tax code. If your parents are the sort of people that don't like putting personal content on the Internet that will be a problem.
2) Bitcoin is approaching an all time high, and COULD crash at the end of October for a variety of reasons that you can research. While I'm confident that you're making a great choice investing now, be ready for your investment to suffer short term setbacks (at one point in time btc lost 80% of its value before increasing 500% of its value).
 Good luck and welcome to crypto!
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:01:32
I see. Is there any way you could organize a purchase with your parents? Perhaps under the guise of learning how to handle money (a very valuable skill to learn)? 
Also I searched online and it looks like you could potentially purchase bitcoin in the UK using coinbase!  It has purchase fee of 4% so if that's better than the atm you're trying to use I recommend looking into it :)
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:52:54
Do you live in the US? If so you could use coinbase for lower fees. Perhaps others know where to get btc if you're in another country.
@_date: 2017-09-17 03:56:03
The $20,000 refers to any one transaction that is $20,000 or greater (includes buy, sell, send, or recieve)
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:26:45
IMO it is perfectly legal and there are several altcoin projects that are attempting to create decentralized exchanges with a similar goal/inspiration.
When considering this transaction, what exactly is happening?
1) you are sending money to someone via paypal. This is obviously legal.
2) someone else is sending bitcoin from one public address to another. Is this action illegal? Of course not! Transferring bitcoin between multiple wallets happens all the time. Heck, during the last fork I transferred my btc between 2 wallets that I had made. Who is to say that I didn't create those wallet at different ip addresses and with different computers?
Since neither of these actions is inherently illegal, the transaction itself must be legal. That being said, if bitcoin is ever redefined as a stock or something similar I'm guessing things get a bit hairier. But even if it did, the institutional manpower that would be required to track down, verify, and punish such a transaction would be FAR beyond what the IRS could ever handle except in cases exceeding millions of dollars. I also highly doubt this sort of transaction would ever be made illegal except in the extreme case that a government becomes openly hostile towards crypto, but when that happens we'll have much bigger issues to worry about.
Final point: this transaction is also VERY risky because there is so much room for fraud. In order for this to work there is an immense amount of trust involved with this transaction, so I wouldn't recommend it.
EDIT: Hmm, actually now that I think about it this seems like a very effective way to avoid paying taxes and is probably illegal. I still stand by my original point that for smaller transactions it would be impossible for the IRS to track and enforce, but I wouldn't recommend it for larger sums of BTC.