@_author: jussumman
@_date: 2014-10-09 16:51:58
Voting has little or limited effect, we vote for candidates to represent us in Congress, but after that, they are in power for some period, enough to do whatever they want, regardless of that the general population would want at the time. There were some checks and balances put in place, an honest effort was made by the founders, but the Constitution is easily side stepped or trampled upon or a law is sneaked into a larger bill, whatever WORKS, to get the contract, etc, fear is a classic effective method. The military industrial complex could have been under control if everyone was responsible to pay for the war or there was a way to curb spending, (ie when the gold standard was in effect) but dickhead RICHARD NIXON put an end to that and off to Vietnam we go. He was booted later, but once you're in the war, you don't get out easily. The job is done. The blank checks are given out. Then recently another dickhead DICK CHANEY swindled the country into Iraq. They got ousted leaving Obama with the war. Now we have to fight ISIS which never would existed without invasion. So yeah, these are the realities. Can our votes as citizens curb or stop the military industrial complex? I doubt it. I'm not against war myself, in circumstances (WW2, Afganinstan), but for pure profiteering when it's unnecessary is one of the most grotesque things. Instead of doing things responsibly. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 02:07:42
i get it, it's 3 sec gifs and memes these days. ADD rampant (not saying you in particular) no but seriously this was maybe my longest reply on reddit 1 year in. at least you got the gist
@_date: 2014-10-10 02:09:18
sorry, believe it or not i actually try to stay away from politics and i don't subscribe to that subreddit. my bad
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:06:16
Just one problem, I don't have any bit coin 
@_date: 2014-09-26 10:37:41
Looks like Captain Obvious started the whole chat 
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:28:25
As you notice, most of the "unnecessary wars" or those primarily for profiteering are initiated under a Republican president in power (in the US). So, to get back to the whole voting thing. It would be much more likely to prevent such unethical wars if Americans voted for peace loving liberals and moderates of capitalism and socialism. In my view, the Republican party is itself an extreme entity like other extreme groups. Sure they don't behead people on camera, and they protect the lives of the unborn babies, but they don't flinch to send out young men and women into harm under the guise of "freedom and democracy" bs, when it's good for business, and destroy countless lives of others in other countries. The extremists really fuck it up for everyone, in the Islam community as well as here in the so called "Christian" community. So yeah, the voting, perhaps if the extremists (Republicans) never got power in the three branches, the actions of the US would not only aim for profitability, but also accountability and responsibility. 
This is just my opinion, and getting off track maybe, but there is no left or right here, it's the extreme right Republican party (100% capitalism whatever meets the end of the bottom line) and middle ground responsible Democratic party. There is no room for any "left" or socialist party in the US. It's very un-American and frowned upon. I don't know how or why Republicans get voted back into office, such an extreme fanatical faction. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 14:26:10
Let's get something straight okay, Good 'ol US has no interest in war per se, it's all about the business of war, the money and contracts. Votes are bought in order to maximize profiteering, trampling ethical standards, creating a shitstorm of death, rape, limbs lost and decapitation, not to mention putting the nation in insurmountable debt, but that's 'the other guys problem' . All that matters is maximum profit for me right now. So that's the US predominantly. Benjamin Franklin advised senators should not be paid and volunteer, there are many brilliant Americans, but money wins. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 04:09:28
I would have bought some if I knew more about it (i.e. joined Reddit in 2011 instead of 6 months ago! Now the gold rush is over, I'm going to watch now how it gets integrated in mainstream and use when it's practical to use. I would say you're lucky to be on Reddit early which gave you the lowdown to gamble.  Hell no I'm buying a bitcoin at $900. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 19:57:12
When will we see reddit KarmaCoin get integrated into the market so we can cash out? 