@_author: justsomebadadvice
@_date: 2016-08-02 23:53:47
Is it possible that this was a slow-replay attack, whereby the attacker patiently accumulated bitgo signatures over time without tripping up bitgo limits, and then signing and broadcasting them all at once with Bitfinex's hot key database?
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:53:18
Good idea, done, thanks.
@_date: 2016-08-05 02:48:09
Zane believes, firmly, no one inside Bitfinex was involved, though hasn't stated much about why.
Based upon what we know, it is definitely possible that someone from BitGo was involved.  The limits on Bitfinex's API must have been lifted.  Only incompetence would have allowed those limits to be lifted without manual verification, or only incompetence would have allowed Bitfinex to enforce their own limits (aka, blindly sign).
There's no word on how that could have happened.  If someone at Bitgo disabled or sabotaged the transaction limits for that instant when they did the big sweep, Bitgo's api would have blindly signed and broadcasted.  Further, Some people at Bitgo would have been able to find the IP addresses of the back-end servers Bitfinex used to talk to Bitgo, and they would have known information (emails, names, enough to track down a lot more) about all of the top security techs at Bitgo who had the necessary access.  Bitfinex might have slipped up and even given them access at some points to help diagnose problems or audit things; You generally trust the service provider who handles your security, especially when you get stuck.
It is still a bit of a stretch, conspiracy theory, but an employee of Bitgo would have substantial advantages over a random hacker.  (At the cost of being identifiable afterwards)
@_date: 2016-08-05 03:50:54


As far as I can tell from reading the BitGo API (after I posted/replied), there doesn't seem to be any way to retrieve the transaction signed by Bitgo, it simply gets broadcast by Bitgo.  It is possible that Bitfinex requested that feature and only their API supported it, but I can't think of a justifiable reason that would request such a thing, and without a justifiable need for it, Bitgo would be idiots to add it.


Fair enough but Zane is at least sharing information.  Bitgo has done nothing but one blog post denying responsibility.
Zane has been 100% consistent and never wavered from his statements that it was signed by BitGo + hot key, cold storage not involved.  If that wasn't the case, BitGo would probably dispute it right away to clear them out of this mess.


The addresses are on the blockchain all seperated, each address must have a different set of keys.  That tells us nothing about the keychains, of course, but many affected users bitcoins were contained across multiple addresses, which is in line with how BitGo seems to operate.  And some BitGo users were able to merge their BitGo account/keys with their Bitfinex keys, which is how some people knew their internal addresses post-hack and how they were able to check if their coins were moved.
It might be technically possible that Bitfinex simply requested and ran one giant keychain with a single set of three keys, but that would be A. More difficult to code for whilst keeping users balances separated while providing the feature described above(and would require BitGo to code for and support their crazy hack), B. Much  more likely to run into major scaling problems (Chain loading &amp; generation would likely have to regenerate the entire chain of keys frequently and check each one because such chains aren't designed to container 1 million+ keys), and C. Be a violation of the actual requirements from the CFTC &amp; the faq descriptions that Bitfinex gave prior, which could put them in major legal jeopardy even before this.  Based on that I think it is really safe to assume the keys and keychains are different per-user.


Agreed that it doesn't matter much.  Can't be totally 100% sure without statements to that effect.  When asked about this specifically, Zane only said that it appeared that Bitfinex only was compromised, and not Bitgo, implies to me that Bitfinex knew they were hacked and the API calls came from their machines, maybe even were in their logs.
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:33:56
Bitgo should have enforced hard limits on such huge sums of money, regardless of what the client did, and only manually overridden it with a human involved.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:58:33
Will be done, also created a new post as a few people requested
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:02:14
Yes totally conspiracy theories are always proven true in the end!
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:39:39
Hm, regardless of your limits, Bitgo should have had their limits.  It would be completely irresponsible of them to sign the equivalent of $1m or greater without a manual verification process, much less $10m.
BTW, you are doing a fantastic job.  I've never seen so much clear communication and so much information being shared.  You've posted almost 250 responses in 7 hours...
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:10:39
He said in a previous comment that he did not believe so, and sure as hell how's not, which is about as specific a guess as he can make at this point.
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:57:58
No, because he hasn't said anything more than any reasonably technical person would know.  Every computer system can be hacked, and a sufficiently dedicated and motivated hacker can eventually do everything that an employee or employees could do.
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:55:25
Answering your question, not really.  The miners would begin working on a chain fork (orphaning the current longest chain starting before the hack) and would catch up.  In that situation, all of the transactions they deem valid would be back in the mempool and would be picked up and mined as fast as possible within the blocks.  It is possible that someone who had a transaction sent within the same time period, and was aware of the possibility, and was ready and could manually make the transaction (or force their wallet to ignore the longer chain / follow the fork), and used a significantly higher fee... It is possible that they could double spend.
It might happen, but it would be only a few coins changed in the end.
Not a big threat, though, since this isn't likely going to happen.  It is very difficult to get forked software ready in time, and to get enough miners on board to participate.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:29:35


Because there's thousands of factors they have to consider and a lot of information they have to gather.  Shit man, I can't even get a response from our company lawyer in a WEEK sometimes, this has been three days and has fucking millions of dollars at stake.  A court case would take at least 2-3 YEARS to work out because it takes a fucking long time to gather all the facts and sort everything out.
Do you people even live in the real world or just in your parents basements where everything happens in 48 hours?


He's answering basically every question that he can answer, and he specifically cannot answer some questions for lots of reasons, INCLUDING because no decision has been made and/or information simply isn't known yet or isn't confirmed yet.


Themselves included.  Nothing that has been said implies that they will just move on past this and pretend it didn't happen.


Oh bullshit, you don't have any information to base this upon.  No one except them knows the size of the coins lost vs those that remained, and clearly most of the guys like you don't have the patience to wait for them to figure anything out.


He hasn't given unclear or misleading answers, what are you even talking about?  Link me or shut up.  He's answered what he can, and he's even taken the time to correct some of the information he gave in response to my questions.  There's a lot of stuff he simply can't say because it isn't known, isn't decided yet, or because others have instructed him NOT to say, for equally valid reasons.
Also the volume and detail of the communication from Zane is far above the similar volume (in the first 3 days) from any other loss/theft/scam/disaster I can remember in the Bitcoin world, yet you still just want to bash the guy?
Way to make sure he give us LESS information in the future friend, thanks for doing good work here.
@_date: 2016-08-06 21:02:32
Hey Zane,
Here's some suggestions / requests that I think would ease most people's minds about this socialized loss.  I know that you can't (or shouldn't) personally have / be able to release this information, but you could take this case to the leadership for approval and be our voice.  Also I know that this takes significant time, time that you guys don't have right now to be hunting this all down, so instead simply give us a future date by when this information will be available, like 30 days out.
Sharing this information will benefit Bitfinex in the end for a few reasons:
1. If Bitfinex does transition the loss tokens to iFinex ownership shares, which some users will demand, Bitfinex will have a moral and legal obligation to share this information in audited form like any other public company anyway.
2. Some users will sue Bitfinex no matter what you do(likely the ones with no realistic understanding of how much the lawsuits will cost).  Going above and beyond with the openness will position any judges or juries to be favorable towards Bitfinex while discouraging lawsuits in general.
3. In order for Bitfinex to repay these losses, Bitfinex must make a profit.  In order to make a profit they must have regular users, new and old, and in order to have that they must have trust.  I've gained a lot of respect for Bitfinex because of what you've shared so far; For that respect to continue and for me to use Bitfinex in the future, I would personally need answers to most of the below and I assume others would as well.
4. If users have a decision to make regarding whether to transition their loss tokens or whether to be repaid as a loan, Bitfinex would be legally and morally required to provide public-company type financial documents so they could make an informed decision.
These are some of the things that I think Bitfinex needs to share, which you would need approval from the leadership to find/organize/share:
1. What were Bitfinex's total profit/loss since inception?  This can/should include any expenses in creating software, in getting approvals, legal counsel expenses, and losses eaten in previous hacks.  I would expect a loss for several years, but this information may help dampen the fires and also set expectations.
2. What is the current equity ownership division of Bitfinex?  What are the outstanding debt obligations and to whom?  What owners of the company are not or have not been actively working for the company day-to-day?
3. What countries laws would Bitfinex be following with regards to protecting minority shareholder interests?
4. Of profits earned thus far, what % were paid out and to whom?
5. What were the details of the calculations that lead to 36.067% losses?  What portion of that loss represents Bitfinex's working capital / past profits?  Was any non-Bitfinex outside owner money added to that and if so what percentage did it represent?  Were any loans or other infusions included in those calculations?
6. What is Bitfinex's current monthly payroll outlays for employees with no equity, and how many employees?  What about for employees who own less than 5% equity and number?  What about for employees/owners with more than 5% equity and number?
7. What are the estimated legal costs of defending Bitfinex from lawsuits arising from this situation(* Note I know this number will be, at best, a wild guess, but the lawyer should be able to give a range)?  Are their any regular outside contractors with substantial monthly outlays?  Does anyone have any existing claims to Bitfinex profits prior to dividend payout calculation?
8. Bitfinex should publish a thorough post-mortem of the technical information from the hack as well as lessons learned, root cause, and corrective actions(&amp; due date for corrective actions not yet completed).  Bitfinex should publish any information it can about the investigation into the theft, though much must be withheld at the authorities request.  The authorities would probably not restrict any technical post-mortem information.  Any withheld investigation information should be given a future date when it will be released, 1-4 years hence.  If there's important post-mortem details that can't be shared without endangering live systems, a third party security expert should review that and summarize their own findings and corrections/root causes without revealing those details.
9. To satisfy extreme skeptics, some level of this information will need to be verified by an outside auditor, probably P&amp;L and payroll outlays.
10. I'm not sure how you would do this, but proving that there was a hacker and that this was not an inside job would help with the number of angry skeptics out there.  That's a big reason why the investigation &amp; post-mortem information is so important to share.
I know this is asking a lot; If management objects, please relay this: They have decided that it is better to put the users and Bitfinex on the same ship and either sink or swim together.  It is a good decision, and some rough math indicates that it'll probably work out in everyone's favor, but it is also a two way street- The users need confidence and trust now, something not easily given.  Without that confidence, Bitfinex will sink and everyone will lose.  Without users' trusts, future profits will never materialize and lawsuits will drown the company and affect the employees and owners for years to come.
Thanks Zane.
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:56:50
Every single computer system has gaps, or else they can't be administered and couldn't be restored in the event of an outage.
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:43:40


Fair enough.  Honestly, if everyone did that and only used Bitfinex for active trading and not storage, the total losses would be much, much lower from this and would be something that Bitfinex could absorb out of their profits &amp; fees.  As it is, they might anyway, who knows, but its a shitload of money.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:57:56


Bullshit, he even acknowledged the possibility that Bitfinex might not survive this.
He's never said or implied they won't make users whole again.


Ok, don't trust Zane then.  If you don't trust him you have basically no sources on any information on what is going on.  So you basically know nothing and have nothing upon which to base any accusations against anyone until someone not Zane shares information.




Hacking generally means the outsider has administrator access to the servers.  Based on the information Zane has shared so far, Multisig was bypassed because Bitgo was turned into a blind signer with no restrictions.


They have security and limits?  Funny how they haven't come forward with any answers - at all - about how their stuff actually did what it was supposed to and/or wasn't compromised, complicit, or even downright negligent. Why do you mistrust and bash the guy who is sharing what he knows versus the guys who haven't said a word except a denial of responsibility and quietly pulling all references to insurance?


Employees and individuals at companies like this are background checked sometimes to extremes.  If it was an inside job, those who did it would be on the run for the rest of their life, as the leadership is all publicly known and the employees are all background checked and watched.


BitGo employee with medium level network access has enough access to find out high-level Bitfinex server admins' names, addresses and emails, as well as back-end server IP details.  From there using google and people searches they get the rest until they find a guy with just enough access to get into the servers and do damage.  He flies to the guy's house and waits until the guy is out - Picks the lock and inserts a USB keylogger.  Retrieves it a week later and fishes out the guy's Bitfinex remote login credentials.
Remotes into Bitfinex and adds a backdoor so he can work undetected.  He finds the hot wallet DB and also finds the Bitgo api credential store and Bitgo api server.  Then he pulls the hot wallet database down and begins writing a script to hit the bitgo API using the Bitgo api server with his hotwallet database copy.  It takes a few days to a week, which is why people with recent transfers didn't see their bitcoins move.  From Bitgo he disables the software checks that enforce rate limits for a 10-minute window, remotes in, and runs the script, sweeping all of the wallets in his out-of-date database copy.  Bitgo blindly signs.  He cleans up his traces at Bitgo and leaves for the day, and then leaves the country.
Bitgo, realizing that one of their employees has vanished and that their safeguards failed, takes the tactic of denial and lawyering-up, and pretends one of their employees didn't bolt suspiciously.  Bitfinex realizes the hacker knew way too much about these systems to be an outsider, and also realize that the Bitgo safeguards failed, and ask Bitgo.  Bitgo deny everything, and get angry and accusatory to put Bitfinex on the defensive.  Bitfinex is totally reliant on Bitgo's assistance in solving this issue and saving the company, so they not only back down, they instruct Zane to not say a single negative word about Bitgo, and to not imply that Bitgo may have had some responsibility.


Shocking, details less than 24 hours after an event aren't totally 100% clear?
Next you'll tell me we landed on the moon.  FOLLY IDEA!  That was a hollywood production!
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:53:25
Good idea, done, thanks.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:15:38
How dare you use logic and reasonable expectations!
Rabble!  Rabble rabble rabble!
@_date: 2016-08-05 00:49:40
Having read most of answers, I'll take a stab at these:
1. Neither party has confirmed that it was purely API access.  However, Zane did imply that it was entirely from the Bitfinex side based upon very early information.
2. (Speculation:) Bitgo almost certainly verifies the IP address for the API, as well as the API token.  Since the hacker had access to the hot key database on the Bitfinex side, it is reasonable to assume that the Bitfinex API going to Bitgo was entirely and 100% compromised from the Bitfinex IP address.
3. Each customer wallet had a different set of keys, per various descriptions of how Bitgo works and Bitfinex works (i.e., merging your bitgo account w/ bitfinex account on the Bitgo site).  Bitfinex would have maintained this hot key list in a database of some sort.
4. Zane answered me yesterday/late the first night that no, the attacker did not do a slow replay attack like that; The signatures came all at once (* Unless Zane has more information now than he did then)
5. It was signed by Bitgo's key.  Either Bitgo's keys were simultaneously compromised(very very unlikely) or API access was used to effectively compromise Bitgo's keys from the Bitfinex side.
The safeguard that should have been in place was Bitgo enforcing rate limits against the API requests they were receiving.  This did not happen.  Zane has confirmed that Bitfinex had rate limits in place, though he has not specified whether these were Bitfinex-enforced rate limits or Bitgo-enforced rate limits.  Zane has stated that they are/were still investigating how the rate limits set by Bitfinex could have been bypassed, and has confirmed that this volume was well above the rate limits that should have been hit.
The only plausible cause I can draw from all of this is that either:
1. BitGo does not enforce any rate limits, or at least did not for Bitfinex; Bitfinex enforcing its own rate limits was deemed to be sufficient.  (Seems incredibly stupid on everyone in the know if so)
2. BitGo's API coming from Bitfinex IP's (compromised) were allowed to remove the rate limits Bitfinex had in place that BitGo was supposed to enforce, and this was done with no alarms or manual verification.  If this was allowed, it seems like a huge fuckup on BitGo's part.
3. Additionally to the above, Bitgo does not have any global rate limits enforced regardless of a customer's rate-limit settings, or at least did not for the Bitfinex case.
Edit: Based on what I'm reading, unless Bitfinex had a majorly different API they accessed BitGo through, a slow-replay wouldn't have been possible... It seems like BitGo's API only allows themselves to broadcast a transaction after signing, not the client calling them.  I can't imagine any reasons why Bitfinex would have needed (and thus requested) that feature for their use, and thus no reason why Bitgo would have given them such an option.  Thus, no slow-replay attack, Bitgo's transaction limits failed.
@_date: 2016-08-07 04:33:34
Bullshit it won't hold up in court.  The lawyer you spoke to is not an IT guy and did not talk to an IT expert.
If you sue, you might get a settlement for slightly higher than 64%.  Until the lawyer takes his fees, that is, and then you will get less than 64%.  If enough people sue, everyone will get less than 40% back in a bankruptcy proceeding, and the lawyers will get everyone's 24%.
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:38:04
You're an asshole and I have no idea why people are upvoting your angry tirades.  They won't accomplish anything, and having watched like 6 huge catastrophic losses in the bitcoin world in the last several years, this one has had the best communication, hands down.
@_date: 2016-08-05 02:00:35




 ~ two days ago you said:
Have you found out that this was a possibility or that this is what the attacker did?
@_date: 2016-08-05 03:38:08
I don't know Zane beyond this event.  I'm not meaning to imply that if Zane believes it that it must be true, but I do think that Zane honestly believes it based on word choices in multiple posts.  At the very least he has stated, as an opinion, that he's almost certain it was not internal.
I don't specifically trust Zane.  But he is basically our only significant source of information on what is going on and what has happened.  So we could assume everything he is saying is a lie, and we'd be left with almost no information beyond the blockchain and blog posts.  Bitgo sure ain't talkin, except to deny any responsibility.
Having watched Bitfunder fall apart, Mtgox, BFL, GAW, MyBitCoin wallet theft, a few others... This is more information being shared faster than any of those ever had.  So that engenders some confidence for me personally.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:14:58


They haven't proposed shit.  Everyone is going on comments by Zane (See: Where he is providing the very information that he is constantly accused of not providing!) that explicitly states, every time, "Nothing firm", "Not decided", "nothing set in stone" but is sharing with people the general idea that seems to be forming.
Most PR guys in a disaster don't even share that, so I don't know what you people expect him to do.


The actions of the leaders of the company don't make their PR guy a criminal.


That isn't a plausible story at all until enough time has passed that they could have collected and provided information and proof about what happened.


Shocking!  A hacker has full access to the full BitFinex system including hot wallet keys and full access to the Bitgo api, and now you're telling me he might have had access to user information!?!? NO WAY.  IMPOSSIBLE!


Lol, if you believe that a 23 year old community relations manager calls the shots at a company like BitFinex, I've got a bridge to sell you.
@_date: 2016-08-05 19:56:33
FYI this can't happen unless BitGo modified their API for Bitfinex specifically, as far as I can tell.  There's no way within the BitGo API to retrieve a signed transaction, they are broadcast upon BitGo's signing.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:59:48
The only thing that link shows is you being an asshole.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:13:59


You have a really warped concept of how profitable these things really are and how much money would have been accessible to Bitfinex or its owners.
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:13:38
has done 227 posts so far in the last 6 hours.  Pretty impressive.
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:22:10
Hm... If there's no slow replay attack, and the cold storage keys weren't compromised, that means that Bitgo signed all 119k btc across thousands of addresses in a very short amount of time.
Was Bitgo supposed to have limits in place to prevent runaway signing like that?
@_date: 2016-08-05 06:54:27


S.F. I think.  He implied he did lose some, and I think he probably did.


Bitfinex employee, but they are scattered all over the globe I believe.


He mentioned them having a global conference call with every relevant employee on the call that he was on(Including CEO, every tech and every engineer, and assistance from Bitgo, etc.  I can imagine it was crazy)


Sometimes, but I think most of the things he shared first came from him.  People made ballpark guesses about the size of the theft(~70k-160k), and shortly after he announced the exact number.  But this was within the first 3 or four hours after things started blowing up, it isn't unreasonable (to me) that it would take that long(or even much longer) to figure out exactly how much was missing from thousands of accounts, while all systems are in total lockdown.


No I just read a lot of his comments to try to figure out what the hell happened / was about to happen.


Yes.  Though this bitgo system was changed last year I believe.


From the little I know, not great.  But with the size of this loss, there would be a recourse if Bitfinex tried to screw everyone over.  I don't think Bitfinex will do that, like I said in other comments, they have been very open compared to the other hacks/thefts/losses/disasters I've seen.
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:49:10
This isn't really the CFTC's fault.  It is a reasonable requirement that either they store users funds in user-specific accounts, or they go through the harrowing and robust futures compliance requirements.  It would have mitigated a significant portion of the MtGox disaster.
And for everyone bitching about Bitfinex just not spending the money to become a licensed futures trader, that's not practical.  You wouldn't have any exchange for years because it takes a long time and costs a lot of money, and the CFTC is just ONE jurisdiction.
A big portion of the blame actually lies with the users who used Bitfinex as a method of storage.  Bitfinex had to keep active trader's wallets hot for practical execution reasons(plus legal, CFTC reasons); It shouldn't be used to store funds.  All exchanges should start charging a monthly fee for any balances they are storing that aren't actively being traded- such balances cost them money to store in the form of risk and security overhead(I.e., manual human verification, etc).
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:08:30
You know what's worse than losing a bunch of money?
Losing a bunch of money, losing your job and potentially career prospects, and getting yelled at for weeks by thousands of strangers.  So have a little sympathy.  Why do people keep using exchanges like banks to begin with??
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:53:22
Good idea, done, thanks.
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:58:18
No, because he hasn't said anything more than any reasonably technical person would know. Every computer system can be hacked, and a sufficiently dedicated and motivated hacker can eventually do everything that an employee or employees could do.
@_date: 2016-08-05 02:16:43
Ah, I see, thanks.  But then going back to the main question, is there any reason to believe that the attacker collected signed transactions over a period of days(or longer) before broadcasting them?  (Or conversely any reason to believe that he definitely did not do that?)
@_date: 2016-08-07 04:26:55
It is completely reasonable to expect interest on what is now either an involuntary loan or an involuntary investment.  I'd be surprised if they didn't pay interest.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:10:35
Too soon to have specifics like that worked out.
@_date: 2016-08-03 06:17:33
Dude, you are a TROOPER.  12 hours(2:06pm EST to 1:55am EST), 330 posts, and god knows how many PM's you responded to.  Bash Bitfinex all you want people, but this is some serious dedication.  And not all copy paste, including some real information about what happened (i.e., unlikely internal, bitgo's key and hot keys used, bitgo not compromised, limits bypassed somehow but still being investigated, exact amount of btc lost, etc).
Props to you sir.  You've earned your rest for sure!
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:58:48
Every single computer system can be hacked, or else they can't be administered and couldn't be restored in the event of an outage or crash.
@_date: 2016-08-04 17:53:32
1 day old account, what's wrong did your old account get banned?  Lol
@_date: 2015-06-10 06:48:07
No way... a cloud mining service that's a scam?
Wait, it gets better... A cloud mining service that has "pictures" of their datacenter that were computer generated is a scam?!?!?!?
@_date: 2014-11-03 09:54:07
I don't really understand how anyone can claim that "all asicminer share owners have been fucked."  They paid back something like 1.10 BTC on 0.1 BTC per share cost.
The late buyers haven't done so well.  They took a chance.  But there's no real evidence that the late Friedcat is suddenly fucking over investors... The company isn't making much money more than they are spending lately.  None of the asic developers are making a killing anymore, the competition is too stiff.
@_date: 2014-11-12 06:26:30
AND AXE
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:43:57


They also quit their jobs and worked on this for months on end.  They also delivered when no one else did.  It isn't uncommon for company founders to keep &gt;50% of a company when they are the ones doing the work and providing the intellectual property.


What is this in reference to?  I am not aware of anyone related to ASICMiner doing anything that competed with ASICMiner.


Like... Quitting a job/career and spending hundreds or thousands of hours handling the logistics &amp; design of all of the levels of stuff AM has pulled off?
Do people think this stuff is easy or free??
@_date: 2014-12-31 03:50:23
Which is why these pools of such large sizes have monitoring.  Hashing power vanishes or blocks stop being broadcast?  Alarm goes off.  It is one thing to penetrate someone's network undetected and/or download data.  It is another thing entirely to keep control of it when they have network &amp; software engineers being paged/onsite to restore the outage/attack.  Sure, they could change the transaction acceptance algorithm and go unnoticed for awhile, but that's not a 51% attack and isn't going to let them double spend large sums.
@_date: 2014-11-21 19:37:27
Holy crap.  I've been in Bitcoin for years and heard of this before, but I just realized the potential this has...
Everyone in the space knows Bitcoin allows people to seamlessly move money to any country in the world.
But Bitcoin also allows people to seamlessly move money INTO, OUT OF, AND BETWEEN games, simulations, virtual worlds, or ANY software systems the user may use.... Holy crap.  The potential is literally boundless.
Mind.  Blown.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:57:16
One is an investment in a company that had a full statement of the risks, listing of failure scenarios, descriptions of what actions the company would take under such scenarios, and where the purchasers received their shares of the company immediately.
The other is a purchase of a product on a webpage designed to make it look like you are purchasing a real product that is already designed and working, and will ship to you.
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:44:57
I appreciate what you are trying to do, but it seems to me that this post is more about laying out your personal vendetta and getting things off your chest than real reporting...
Focus first on serving the public in the way you are claiming that you want to.  Then talk about what you've done.  FWIW, I'll visit your site to check on how it is going in the future.
@_date: 2014-11-07 12:18:49


@_date: 2014-11-12 06:24:26
I am honored to be introduced to a new meme by the ceo of Bitcoin.
THIS IS GENTLEMEN
@_date: 2014-10-31 23:41:15
Another suggestion of a mining pool to consider:
The owner is paying those high rewards to attempt to reach critical mass; the pool plans to maintain profitability through other uses of Bitcoin hashrate &amp; mining (I don't know more than that).
They pay 100% PPS + 12% bonus currently.  I know the owner personally and he has the funds to get the pool to the critical minimum.
@_date: 2014-10-13 10:14:04
@_date: 2014-11-05 19:20:42
I like you.
@_date: 2014-11-03 08:53:41
I'm pretty sure neither Bitmain nor Asicminer have gone rogue.
Spondoolies also has delivered pretty well...
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:44:38
Actually this very concern (short sell -&gt; attack -&gt; close position) is one I brought up to recently.  The fear is actually pretty overblown with Bitcoin
Situation: Someone initiates a 51% attack against Bitcoin by withholding a longer chain and rolling back all transactions, thus causing chaos in the Bitcoin network.
Solution: Bitcoin code could (with a trivially easy fix) refuse to follow a re-org of the chain beyond x blocks, or could refuse to follow a re-org that has a significantly lower transaction priority(default confirmation order for transactions regardless of fee).  Attack = No effect.
Situation: Someone initiates a 51% attack against Bitcoin but follows the re-org rules added above, withholding only transactions they want(to refuse someone else or to rollback their own transactions).
Solution: Refuse to follow a re-org that excludes a transaction of any significant size(10 BTC?) more than 6(10?) blocks back.
It really is pretty trivial to stop a 51% attacker from doing a lot of damage.  But supposing they did...
 - As cool as Bitcoin is, no one should be doing multi-million dollar transactions without knowing the person they are transacting with, including exchanges.  The anti-fraud laws in virtually any developed country would be sufficient to arrest an attacker who did such a thing, and governments have already proven that they are taking Bitcoin seriously.
 - The Bitcoin code still supports keyed emergency procedures that would allow the core devs to fix the damage done by the attacker pretty easily.
Now about the short-selling idea... If the double spend or transaction rollback doesn't have a significant impact, it won't impact the price.  If it does, like forcing the above emergency procedures, then yes, someone could make a significant amount of money from a short sell.  But that amount of money (currently) pales in comparison to the cost of executing a 51% attack.  A pool operator would never be able to get away with such a thing in secret even leading up to it(hashpower vanishes), and even if they did they'd be throwing away their entire pool operation that is paying 0-1.5% of every Bitcoin mined(51% hashpower, 0-3% fee), several million dollars a year.  Even ignoring the public backlash and harassment they would have forever.
A big investor/miner/conglomerate would have to blow a colossal amount of money on such a hashing operation to have 51% of the network.  They'd damage their own bitcoins &amp; the value of their hardware, and they would have to mine at a loss(beyond the saturation point for miners), perhaps for a significant amount of time.  They would not be willing to do such an attack when there is a significant chance that their attack will have no effect at all, or will simply be fixed in an hour.  There is definitely a certain minimum amount of money that miners need to earn to keep the bar high enough to prevent this, but we're a long way from falling below that limit.
@_date: 2014-11-12 05:24:52


I'm... Confused.   The chairman but not the board?  Neither?  Both?  He has authorization or he doesn't?
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:04:29
Um, wait, did you just compare startup investors (ownership of a company) with consumers who purchase a product as if they are the same exact thing?
@_date: 2017-02-17 04:05:40


I didn't, I was responding to you claiming that it was an attack to NOT increase the blocksize.


That's disputable, not a given.


Bitcoin wasn't designed to deal with every knee-jerk problem people thought up one month.  It was planned over 100 years into the future.  We'd fuck ourselves over by ignoring it.








You missed the rest of the quote: "When I eventually implement client-only mode, that won't matter much anymore." He was talking about non-validating clients.  And he clearly understood that this could become a problem: 


0.01 today is of course $10, which is becoming less practical every day as blockspace competition increases.  But after reading a bunch more quotes, I can see that he underestimated how big Bitcoin's value would become in a short time.  So despite your unnecessarily rude snarky response, you are right, Satoshi did believe that transaction volume wouldn't be a problem and that fees would remain low.
I think he also failed to appreciate how the finance world would co-opt Bitcoin into its own processes.  A leveraged short seller can massively benefit from something if they can drive the price down; A 51% attack would be a very reliable way to cause such a panic.  If the cost of performing a 51% attack doesn't remain higher than the benefits from a massive leveraged short, the attack *will* be done.  I didn't see any quotes from Satoshi indicating he had actually planned for that problem.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:28:49
Unfortunately one of the big issues Bitcoin is going to face in the future is "volatility" and events like this do not help us in that regard.  There are much better ways MtGox could have reported this issue.
@_date: 2017-02-20 06:57:13
I can't believe I'm going to agree with Luke-jr, but I do.  Here's the problem with the big block arguments:
The transaction volume desired by the natural progress of Bitcoin and the world is simply far, far too large.  It can't be done.  Our transaction volume has been growing by 65% per year for 5 years, 80/81% the last two.  Scaling up, here's the data on how much various blocksizes would consume resource-wise, and how long we could last before reaching the cap under various blocksize proposals:
  (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth)
Of note, if we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and that 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - completely by itself.
There's no limit to this growth, either.  There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 250 terabytes of storage every year($8,000 in just hard drives). Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.
Technological improvements won't save us either - Hard drive prices are falling ~14% per year for the last 5 years, but worldwide transaction volumes are rising 10% per year, and OUR transaction volumes are growing 65% per year.  Scaling must happen off-chain, and people must accept that $5 coffee transactions will not make the economic cutoff.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:07:02


Your analogy is missing the reality of the problem.  In your situation, you can simply add more busses or bigger busses and the hypothetical problem is solved.
A better analogy is that you have 500,000 people that want to take the trip right now, but in 5 years you expect to have 50 million people that want to take the trip(2.5 million buses).  Not only are there not enough busses in the city, there's only 5 lanes on the freeway and each lane can only move 10,000 busses per hour, maximum.  Moving 2.5 million buses 24 hours a day at 60 miles an hour, bumper to bumper, in 5 lanes still takes over 2 days.
You can't solve the problem by adding more freeway lanes, even if freeway lanes were free.  More and more people will want to get on the buses, up to 7 billion people.  Someone has to build a railway to run alongside the road.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:51:22
Also by 2028 fees will become essential to preventing an attacker from destroying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:09:59


Lightning networks still involve on-chain data, nearly as much on-chain data as we already have for people you don't transact with often.  What needs to happen is service providers (ala banks) establish lightning network connections with eachother in groups, and individuals route their tiny transactions through the provider of their choice.
The metaphor there is that lightning networks are railways and trains &amp; train stations are the service providers.  That will take years to build though, at minimum.  Lightning networks aren't a magic bullet to solve everything, as much as that would be nice.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:18:39


No, the point is that you're wrong and you pulled those numbers out of your ass.  Bandwidth and hard drive sizes/costs USED to grow at those rates - From 1993 to 2002ish.  After 2002 it went down a lot.  After 2011/2012 it tanked because the massive technological leaps had been completed and saturated.


Congratulations, you're way ahead of the curve.  None of that matters, that's your anecdotal experience.  Look up the real numbers, we have not been hitting anything near 30% in cost declines or capacity increases for years.


No its absolutely not.  Hard drive cost per GB (and equivalently, sizes) have been declining by 14% per year averaged over the last 5 years.  You need to look up some real data because you're pulling numbers out of your ass.


If it happened worldwide and sustained for 2-3 years, yeah.  But none of the data available from digging on the web supports what you're saying.
@_date: 2017-02-28 07:36:52
If an investment group leveraged shorted 5% of the bitcoins in circulation, it won't make a damn bit of difference what the price of Bitcoin was; The profit would be priced in terms of Bitcoins just the same.
@_date: 2017-02-20 20:51:55


And how do you propose to differentiate a true snapshot from a false one, if you are a new node with competing valid histories to consider?
Regardless, I'm aware that there IS a way that such a thing could be possible.  It isn't easy to do, we don't have it yet, it would require giving up some small portion of the decentralization that makes Bitcoin great, and it would also harm use cases like   Even so, that's only one of the scaling limit issues we're going to hit, and not even the first one we'll hit (Bandwidth caps on home users).
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:23:19


If thousands(or even millions) of small transactions get rolled into one onchain transaction, that would work.  Otherwise, it won't work.  Small transactions won't fit.
@_date: 2017-02-18 02:05:38
The lightning network has limited uses that will seriously hamper its practical use.  For a lightning transaction to happen successfully, it must be small enough that a successful route can be found - Every channel along the way to the destination must already be sufficiently funded and must be reliably online (A definite problem for the unbanked in developing countries).  In particular, a channel to the receiving party must be already funded for the full receiving amount.  If not, a bitcoin tx fee must be paid and the lightning transaction would be delayed unavoidably.
Further, there will be fees on lightning as well, though much lower.  The hub nodes would have to tie up significant funds to fund channels for every client that wishes to use them, for a substantial amount of time.  Further, if they go offline and can't get back online in time, a large amount of funds could be at risk for other people's transactions.  This alone will make it impractical for non-dedicated-hub nodes to be used as a route; The risk that they could go offline at the wrong time and lose funds to someone else's transaction would be too great.
All in all, it may not enable microtransactions because of the hub fees, hard to say.  It is also quite possible that the size where transactions become unworkable on lightning due to routing issues will be smaller than the minimum practical transaction size on Bitcoin itself.
But I take back my statement about the lightning network storing the same amount of data.  If it doesn't wind up being reliable or usable, it won't help or hurt the blockchain storage issue.  If it does, it should reduce some of the pain and enable more use cases.
@_date: 2017-02-27 08:12:30
Its late so I will thoroughly read your links in the morning, but I challenge you to find a flaw in my math here, or any of the posts in my recent history that showed clear math based on existing and historical trends:
If you can find a flaw in my math I'm all ears but so far it is proving impossible for us (or any blockchain based network) to sustain the growth and demand we have seen for more than a scant few years without destroying the ability of even high end techie individuals to run a node.
Looking through your links I see a lot of hyperbole and opinions, almost no math, and certainly no predictions or estimations based on existing trends and potential limits, and no decisive conclusions as you implied.  Even if there were, we now have another year of data upon which to estimate trends.  Please show me where my math is wrong.
Also the study you linked(again, will read tomorrow) appears to conclude and argue the exact opposite of what you are saying here.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:57:20
No, there is no way to scale Bitcoin to handle transactions of all sizes for the entire planet.
There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2014, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year.  Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.
@_date: 2017-02-15 21:01:42
It seems like what you are suggesting is changing our chain-length comparison.  Currently the "longest chain" is the one which has the most total work done since the Genesis block (NOT actually the "longest").  Your idea would change that to be "the most-total-work chain from the last 6 months."
I guess overall the issue I would raise with that idea is that currently if someone performed a 51% attack, they could do two things - 1. They could double-spend any funds they had as far back as the nodes were willing to re-org, and 2. They could shut down all ongoing transactions with empty blocks.
Importantly, under the current system they could never steal or invalidate funds that people were holding, nor could they affect funds transferred between two parties who willingly would fix the double-spend after the attack.  But if the longest chain determination had a cut-off point, that all changes.
The attack method would be that they could create a valid (but false) history, such as one where they owned all coins in N different addresses they created; The POW prior to the period doesn't matter.  Then they mine for the most-work chain until they have more provable work completed in the relevant time period and announce their chain.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:47:35




So either people won't run LN nodes, or they'll demand much higher fees to offset their risk of loss.  Either way lightning network for small transactions loses, so yeah, it ultimately is a problem for the end users.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:14:01


That is not possible, sorry.  The reason is simple - There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.  But they don't want to make just one transaction a day; They, and their employers and their merchants want to send many more than just one per person per day.
Unlimited doesn't work with Blockchains.


Segwit is on-chain and doesn't change anything.  Lightning by itself only reduces the problem; You still need on-chain transactions per every connection you have, which for many channels in the real world are used very infrequently.  We would need service providers to build on top of Bitcoin and aggregate thousands of transactions into channels with other service providers - Very nearly totally off-chain - to have any hope of keeping up with the real world limits.
@_date: 2017-02-27 18:22:44


This is true, but my main point is that Bitcoin can't let everyone in; Blockchain technologies are very different from VISA in operation and efficiency.  If you put a transaction on the VISA network, the source of the transaction sends the transaction directly to the end result server (and then its backups) that will process and store the transaction(for less than 10 years).  If you add more servers, it gets more efficient.  Blockchains on the other hand sends a transaction to EVERY server, every single time, more than once, and stores it on almost every server, and stores it forever.  If you add more servers, it gets less efficient.  We are incredibly inefficient compared to VISA at scale, and that process is a fundamental property of how Blockchains work and isn't going to change.
So you are right, it does behoove miners to let more users in, but eventually Bitcoin can't be used willy-nilly for every different size of transaction; Small day to day transactions must be and will be priced out of on-chain storage.  I support blocksize increases, but only with the understanding that it isn't going to change the issue for small day-to-day transactions long term.  If we raised it as fast as needed to keep up with the demand, nodes would become difficult or impossible to run within just a few years and we would have a much rougher fight on our hands then because the entrenched "small transactions belong" crowd would be very used to that use case, but they would be running up against an impossible to scale growth wall paid for by others.
@_date: 2017-02-16 22:14:15
The fee market is absolutely necessary to prevent Bitcoin from being attacked in the future.  Insufficient fees = Trivial for a large investment group to 51% attack and destroy Bitcoin.
Current fees are absolutely not high enough to pick up as the block rewards run out.
The fee market is also necessary because people don't seem to understand that on-chain storage is a scarce commodity and there WILL be an economic cutoff that prevents small day-to-day transactions from continuing to be on-chain.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:21:24
2MB in 2019 will be wholly inadequate.  Our transaction growth has been growing by 65% per year for the last 5, 80/81% for the last 2.
His proposal just barely squeaks by the requirements we need to avoid rising fees before 2020, and then fees will rise after that.  See the data on his proposal here:
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:29:41


Which does what, exactly, for the bandwidth problems that you're shoving onto every node?
Bring on the fucking offchain solutions so we can move on.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:19:15
Fair enough then.  I hope all hodlr's have a long time view and plan for it, though I think maybe they don't when so many cry foul about $0.50 cent fees.  Fees are going to get much, much worse for on-chain data (and I believe they have to, as it is a scarce resource).
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:24:14


They couldn't outbid them for very long.  People tried these kinds of attacks months ago, two weeks later everything was back to normal.  Looking at the "suspicious" transactions if they were to try to fill blocks all day every day like that it would cost them around $500,000 a day.  (~27 kb transactions, 0.1 BTC fee for transaction)
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:28:20


No, they absolutely don't have to go into a block.  If they want to go into a block they pay a fee that gets them into a block of an economically and technologically reasonable size.  Period.  Or else Bitcoin fails due to lack of nodes and centralization.
@_date: 2017-02-18 01:53:22


I'm all in favor of those things, no doubt about that.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:29:51
Several of the blocksize increase proposals will make it impossible to run on home existing hardware, yet people don't seem to realize what they're demanding.  For example 8MB+SW consumes the entire Nationwide(U.S.) Comcast bandwidth cap even with pruning and a limited-peering node.  If blocksizes aren't capped(or if the cap is 16mb), a full node's blockchain storage would consume an entire 4TB hard drive by 2023.
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:25:52
They won't be on-chain.
@_date: 2017-02-17 04:35:41
Impossible logic.  If people started using alt coins en-masse, fees for Bitcoin use would naturally decline, and the alt-coins would then be faced with the same impossible scaling problem that we are faced with.  Let them, that'd be great for us.  We'd remain secure where our priorities belong, they'd get obliterated trying to do the impossible.
@_date: 2017-02-22 17:53:02


It helps protect against a false node attack, such as fake nodes that don't relay certain transactions/blocks/etc.
@_date: 2017-02-17 05:42:31
It doesn't usually, though it isn't really supposed to.  Mining is supposed to equalize at the level of the block reward+fees, rather than the other way around.
@_date: 2017-02-22 17:47:31


This is the default setup used by, at least, many nodes today.
But regardless, most of my numbers aren't based on my setup at all.  These are the estimates based upon 8 peers/16 relays per TX, 65% YoY tx growth, 600 bytes per tx.  (Real tx growth was 65% last 5 years, 80/81% last 2, real transaction sizes was 642 bytes/tx last 2 years, 629 bytes/tx 12 months):  
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:44:41
Still looks to me like 61-80 sat/byte fees get through pretty quickly.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:19:29


We don't have anywhere near enough head room to keep going at that pace for even 6 years, much less 15 to 20.
Technological cost decreases are slowing down, and even at peak they couldn't keep up with a yearly doubling in volume.  See the math here: 


This is blatantly false.  On chain scaling is not going to work.
To put the problem in perspective, there were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.  But they don't want to make just one transaction a day; They, and their employers and companies they buy from want to send many more than just that.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:30:11


Every link along the route must have sufficient funds for the transfer in that direction, and the funds can't already be timelocked in another transaction.


That intermediate node might lose funds in a channel for a transaction that wasn't even theirs if they went offline at the wrong time.  So much for the private key keeping them safe.
@_date: 2017-02-17 03:25:14
I don't disagree with you, but we can't insult into agreeing with us.  Discussion and understanding are the only real way we can come to a consensus.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:25:27


Analogies only go so far;  Trains are by far the most efficient people-and-goods-movers that we have today over long distances.  My numbers were extreme to make the point- no 5-lane freeway could move 10,000 buses an hour, that's bumper to bumper at 60 mph.  The buses would need hundreds of feet of breaking distance between eachother, and as the freeway got congested the speed would reduce, lowering throughput.  Trains don't have that limitation- They move bumper-to-bumper at maximum speed without stopping by design.
Blockchains are too inefficient to handle anything even remotely close to the volume that would be demanded of them if they weren't fee based.  For example, a normal VISA transaction server sends the transaction information directly to the end server it needs to be on, and it is only stored by that server and its backups, for less than 10 years.  Bitcoin on the other hand sends every transaction to everyone in the network, multiple times, and stores it forever on every full node in the network.  It is horribly inefficient, and can't scale by adding nodes or splitting the work up.
@_date: 2017-02-27 18:12:21


It doesn't matter what the Bitcoin price does.  If the attacker is able to make his profits in Bitcoins(effectively or in fact), then all that matters is whether the Bitcoin-level deterrent is large enough to make the attack unprofitable.  A short seller makes their profit in Bitcoins and makes immense profits when people panic.  Short selling Bitcoin and performing a 51% attack (and accepting a total loss on the mining hardware/datacenter capacity) could become a viable avenue of attack if total transaction fees don't become larger by 2028.
@_date: 2017-02-17 01:48:16


It is absolutely disputable.  The block size limit is forcing people to have a realistic conversation about the scarce resource that is blockchain storage.  Blockchain storage isn't free, never was, and never will be- it costs money and people are trying to ignore the impossibility of the idea that $5 coffee day-to-day transactions belong on-chain.


You have a very limited imagination.  How about a 51% attack where all transactions are rolled back and halt and the price drops by 95% before - IF - it begins to recover and be fixed.
Because if we don't have more total btc per day being paid to miners by 2028, that's what you're going to get.  The current fee payments are unsustainably low and block rewards can't prop them up forever.


Because what you want is impossible.  First people have to accept that day-to-day transactions will not be on-chain long term unless Bitcoin stays tiny.  The reason is simple - There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.
At current hard drive prices that's about $25,000 in hard drives that many people have to pay to keep blockchain syncing active, to say nothing of bandwidth costs that aren't even keeping up with hard drive price drops, and it isn't much better 30 years out because of the YoY global transaction growth is almost as high as the hard drive price drops.
After people let go of the idea that day-to-day small transactions can possibly be on-chain, THEN real conversations can happen about the right blocksize trade offs.


The original point of the movement was to create a system that governments couldn't control or devalue, and that is what we have and will have.  The "all transactions are welcome" philosophy was added later by people who had no idea the impossibility of actually providing that with how Bitcoin works.
Bitcoin will be a system for fewer, larger transactions because blockchain space (and the physical bandwidth, disk space required to store and transmit them forever) is a scarce resource.  Its not some attack on the plebs, its a fact of how the system works.
Even more than that, the fee market was a core idea of the system from the very beginning and you want to pretend like we were never supposed to get here.  We were, because the fee market is what protects Bitcoin from a 51% attack once block rewards have gotten small.  We've got 10 years to figure it out because our current fees per day rates would fuck us all over.
@_date: 2017-02-14 00:01:12




Totally unrealistic.  Hard drive prices are only declining by 14% every year since 2014, and transaction volumes are increasing by ~8.6% every year.  If you assume those numbers hold* then the cost of storing** one year's transactions drops from $25,000 today to ~$2,800 by 2047.  Yay, only $2,800 to store one year of blockchain transactions.  Just one year's worth.
. * But those numbers won't hold.  Hard drive cost decreases are slowing down.  From 1990 to 2002, cost decreases of 50% year-over-year were common.  From '02 to '09 that dropped to about 32%.  From 2009 on it has been atrocious; Even after the tsunami was long gone, it has only been 14% since 2014.  On the other hand, worldwide transaction volumes are accelerating as more and more countries modernize.  From 2001 to 2010 it was about 7%.  From 2011 to 2015 it was almost 9%, with 2014-2015 being over 10%.
. ** The cost of storing the transaction is only one small piece of the costs; Bandwidth capacities have been growing even slower than hard drives for many years.
A conservative system like Bitcoin betting that magically in the future all scaling problems will be solved is nonsensical.




The lightning network isn't some magic bullet.  Whole service provider systems need to be built on top of it, and those services won't be free either.  That said, lightning might help, but my point is people must give up the idea that $5 coffee transactions will ever be practical to store on-chain.
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:26:24
Agreed 100%
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:17:44


The problems are absolutely technical, and they're not solvable on-chain.  None of the proposed ideas(1mb, 2mb, segwit, 8mb, 32mb, or picked by the network) come even close to dealing with the massive scale of the problem.  32mb won't even come close to satisfying the demand for transactions; Our transaction numbers have grown by 65 percent every year for 5 years; 80 and 81% growth over the last two years alone, WITH the fees rising.  At the rate we're going, a 32mb block would be full by either 2022 or 2023 and a full node would fill a 4 TB hard drive by the same year.
To explain why a "keep scaling as needed" solution will never work, hard drives are getting a mere 14% cheaper per year for the last few years.  14% cheaper hard drives ain't gonna do shit when compared with 80% transaction growth per year.  You might think that the transaction growth itself will slow down, but the cap whereby the transactions will slow down is somewhere near 428 billion transactions a year - the worldwide total noncash transaction count(Which is ALSO growing by 10% per year!!!) - That's ~5 gigabyte blocks, ~250 terabytes of hard drive space a year($7,500 in hard drives).  Oh, and 1,300+ mbit/s of transaction data 24/7 (1/8th of an entire datacenter's fiber internet link). All that to run just one node.  Even that 428 billion number has a long way to go before it stops growing - most of the world's population is rapidly modernizing, hence the 10% yearly increase.
The "political" problem you're seeing is that people keep pretending that small day-to-day transactions should get blockspace too.  The only thing technical about it is that that idea is impossible.
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:39:43


As of the time of the genesis block, no one owned anything.  The genesis block didn't declare anything, even its first 50 btc weren't spendable.  Moreover, the genesis block was coded by an anonymous person at a time when no one knew or care.  The future wouldn't afford that opportunity.
@_date: 2017-02-14 23:33:43
It is going to take people giving up on the idea that $5 coffee transactions can practically be stored on-chain.  They can't, blockchains are not the right technology for that type of scaling problem.
The reason is simple; There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  At current hard drive prices that's about $25,000 in hard drives that many people have to pay to keep blockchain syncing active, and it isn't much better 30 years out because of the YoY global transaction growth.
Once people give up on the idea that "all transactions matter," we can have real discussions about what the blocksize needs to be and/or how it needs to be determined, and when.  My biggest issue with that is that the purpose of transactions fees - protecting the network from financially-motivated 51% attacks - is not being brought up at all, and yet it is the most important aspect of the blocksize/fee-market issue.  There's a certain minimum total btc fees per day that we need to hit long-term to ensure the safety of the blockchain, and hitting that while maximizing the usability of the system is a hard problem.
@_date: 2017-02-23 23:50:22
Thanks!  Best of luck, hope I didn't overwhelm you. :)
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:11:19


Yes!  You get it!
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:37:44
Bitcoin users are short sighted and greedy - They care about the fees they have to pay, and haven't thought about the costs they are imposing on future node operators, nor the risk created if the transaction fees aren't sufficient to keep enough miners mining.  Developers and most large mine operators have to plan out 10+ years in the future and at least consider these things in detail.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:07:33
FYI, here's the math for his proposal.  It isn't bad if we could get some optimizations to the network traffic in place by then (Schnorr signatures maybe?  Not sure):
The main thing we have to get out of people's heads is the idea that Bitcoin can scale to their $5 coffee transactions - By 2020 his proposal would have us back in the same blocksize squeeze again, but they couldn't complain that core never did anything to help them at least.
@_date: 2017-02-17 04:22:48
The author is mistakenly comparing two very different things.  India's progress as described there is impressive.  But a system being built to provide an identity for 1 billion people living in poverty and also to handle their day-to-day transactions is very different from what Bitcoin can do or is good at.
@_date: 2017-02-17 06:59:43


I'm a programmer who has worked on large scale projects.  Systems like Bitcoin don't scale, it wasn't a part of the design criteria.  It is extraordinarily inefficient to send every piece of data to every single participant in a network and then to require that at least some of those participants store that data forever with no data eviction timelines.
Bitcoin isn't VISA, it is never going to be VISA, and it can't compete with VISA on tasks that VISA was designed from the ground up to accomplish.  The reason Bitcoin can't accomplish this in the long run is because the numbers involved become staggeringly, unworkably huge very quickly. Bitcoin is better than visa because it is more secure, more globalized, and can't be manipulated by governments.


They provide more data and detail than you have here, have you even participated in the discussions?


It doesn't disregard it, the economics are simply too difficult to know without thorough real-world testing.  Throwing the entire fee market out because you don't like fees is just childish.


Worldwide transaction volume is growing almost as fast as storage costs(10% and rising vs 14% and falling).  In some areas, bandwidth costs are only dropping by 10% per year, which is also getting worse over the years.  None of the current growth trends are sufficient to overcome the demand for transaction volumes that we will hit without fee expectations.  Betting the future of the entire currency that technology is going to magically solve our scaling problem is foolish.  We can always adapt when it does, if it ever does.


Pruning solves absolutely zero problems for the network.  It allows individuals to participate by offloading the data storage and additional sync bandwidth costs onto others in the network.  Just as selfish as people always accuse miners of being.


Bitcoin isn't going to be able to hit visa level fees in the long term(unless Bitcoin starts losing value) because Bitcoin can't be as efficient as VISA at managing the data.  VISA sends transactions to exactly which servers need to know about them and their backups, and no other servers, and it can dump transactions in less than 10 years of storage.  Bitcoin sends transactions to EVERYONE, multiple times, stores them EVERYWHERE and keeps them FOREVER.  Its ridiculously inefficient.


Bitcoin is and will be.  But it isn't going to be magnitudes better at BEING VISA than VISA is.  It is and will be better at other, more valuable things like security, international transactions, and blocking inflation taxation.


I'm sorry that reality is unkind, but that's how it is going to be.  Blockchain space is scarce and cannot scale to serve every human on earth.  People in poorer countries can and will eventually use Bitcoin, but they will not be transacting small transactions on-chain.  It'll be with third party layers and services built on top of Bitcoin.
Just to put this in perspective, there were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  Future numbers as more and more countries modernize will be much, much worse.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:14:13
How do you propose to deal with the transaction backlog without increasing the blocksize?
@_date: 2017-02-20 20:39:36


If every peer magically knew what every other peer had and didn't have that would be the case, and maybe in distributed computing with a centralized controller that is the case.  In a decentralized network with trust issues, you have almost no idea what your peers have and don't have, the efficiency could never ever approach anything like the 100% efficiency you're imagining.


What I'm describing is what we have today.  Do you have proof of a working implementation that prevents the tx data of the block itself from having to be transferred?  It is anything but trivial.


Not in a zero knowledge, decentralized manner where data can start from any node in the network and must end up at every node in the network within a few seconds.  You could maybe increase the efficiency by 50%, but you'll never hit 100% efficiency.  At best you could have a system that batches up and attempts to communicate what transactions are known and are not known to peers, but then you have the overhead of that system plus the transactions themselves.


If it is so easy, why don't you just go do it?  What I'm describing is what we have today, what we know works.  If you want to use imaginary numbers for future possible solutions, either prove them or go write those solutions.  Don't complain that my numbers aren't imaginary enough for you.




If a two peers receive a transaction from different sources at nearly the same time, some portion of the time both are going to attempt to re-relay the transaction to each other again because they can't know that each other already has the transaction, no matter how you structure your network.  That can be mitigated with blocks by just transmitting a block identifier, but transactions are small enough that there are fewer gains from doing that (and increased overheads that offset the gains).




And how exactly do you propose to know which recipients have which data if that data has never been sent before or seen before?  How can your peers know what data you have that they don't have if they've never seen that data before and never talked with you about that data?
I'm sure there are some possible efficiency gains to be had, but as far as I am aware we don't have any of those yet, they are FAR from being trivial to implement (Prove me wrong if you insist, we'd love to have 100% efficiency!), and the hypothetical unknown gains in no way make my math wrong.




Maybe in your hypothetical universe.  In the real universe, transactions are what get relayed and included in blocks.




So hypothetical future improvements that haven't happened yet and aren't proven are the only valid math?  I use real numbers that operate today.  If you want to use hypothetical stuff, go write the code first and submit it so it can be tested and proven, then we can use those estimates.




So wallet defrags don't exist in your hypothetical universe?  Regardless, the real world operates on transactions that need to be processed.  I can't imagine why you would find real-world numbers using what is truly happening every day to be less accurate than your hypothetical imaginary scenarios.  The real world transaction sizes that really consume bandwidth are documented.  I pulled the real transaction size data from here:  and averaged it over 12/24 months.


That's a vague handwavy goal.  My goal is to accurately estimate what resource requirements Bitcoin Nodes are going to encounter over the next 1/2/6/10 years and what that is going to cost under various scenarios.  It is completely reasonable to use real world numbers to estimate that and to use existing, proven algorithms to do so; I find it highly unreasonable to use handwavy magical solutions that aren't documented, written, tested, or proven.  And worse, even if I accepted all of your math, all it would do is delay the inevitable - Every one of the scaling limits would still be reached well before 2030.
@_date: 2017-02-20 09:08:31
I can't imagine it would be good as the data goes up, but CPU optimization is relatively easy with good use of data structures.  The real problems come down to the sheer amount of data.  The bandwidth usage against residential caps can be reduced heavily by reducing the number of peers each node maintains, but that weakens the network a lot.  :(
For sync I imagine it is mostly bandwidth and possibly harddrive usage - Mine takes a long time because some older hard drives are dying.  The blockchain itself is over 100gig now.
@_date: 2017-02-22 06:01:33
Being rude won't sway anyone
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:49:04


The fees will not be as cheap as 20 cents in the future.  Blockchain space is a scarce resource, it isn't possible for Bitcoin to serve people on-chain at fees like that.  There's too many people in the world, too much demand for transactions, and not enough blockchain space for them all.
If we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - even with a bare minimum amount of peers. Also of note, a full node with default settings today consumes 1.5+ TB a month of bandwidth, well above ISP Bandwidth caps by itself.
This chart I made estimates the resource consumption of the various blocksize proposals out there:
 (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth, same estimates used as above)
There's no limit to this growth, either.  Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:46:24
You has logic, Not allowed!  Everyone here must bash small-blocks and fees!  :P
@_date: 2017-02-17 22:55:14


Not for free, and not without risk, as I'm reading now.  I guess I didn't(and still don't) understand how the chained channels prevent a malicious incompletion across the chain.  Since it isn't working yet, it remains to be seen if it will truly work that way.
Also, not that simply.  If you get paid a certain amount in one channel, you would have have to have enough remaining balance in either another channel to pay that amount, or the payment must be forced to go back through the channel that paid you to the destination - and that party needs to have channels of sufficient size open all the way to the destination as well.  That may be very tricky.


With the risk of being lost if one node fails to broadcast their transaction in time.  Ultimately that will still require third party services that have to be built which will still charge fees.
@_date: 2017-02-27 08:35:31
Also dude, skimming your last link, I think you may have massively misunderstood the purpose of mining.  Your link is about whether bitcoin might survive a doomsday scenario with a nonfunctional internet.  That situation isn't applicable to normal bitcoin operation.  Miners don't mine primarily to "process transactions" or anything of the sort.  They mine primarily to resolve disputes upon double spends and to prevent a malicious attacker from exploiting and abusing/disrupting the system.  In a doomsday scenario we have bigger priorities than that, and attackers would have bigger priorities than trying to double spend some bitcoin or deny transaction relays.
Transaction fees don't exist so that miners can make a profit; transaction fees exist to replace the economic attack protections when we lose the protection of our block rewards.  They also create a handy sorting and exclusion barrier to deal with the scenario where Bitcoin's growth far exceeds its ability to meet that demand, which is where we are today.  Could bitcoin survive with limited mining under a doomsday scenario?  Sure.  Could bitcoin survive with limited mining under a normal scenario with multiple attackers and malicious actors of several different types and motivations?  Hell no, that is the very reason we have them!
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:27:11
I know.  Maybe if he would actually debate the numbers with me we could get somewhere... I won't hold my breath.
@_date: 2017-02-15 02:43:04
Pruning is already available, but it only solves things for the individual node who turns it on.  They then offload the work of storing and syncing new nodes onto others.  For now that is fine because they only have to do that with 8 years worth of transaction history.  When we're at 80 years those other nodes bearing the costs won't think it is quite so fine...
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:31:57
Explanation of the short+51% attack here:
The math backing it is in this long post:
The tl;dr version is if total tx fees per day(+block rewards) drop below a certain value, it becomes viable for someone to short Bitcoin, waste gobs of money doing a 51% attack, and make a profit from the resulting panic.  I estimate that value at roughly 1000 BTC/day in fees(+block rewards) +/- 50%.  Block rewards keep us pretty well protected until 2028, and become negligible around 2036.
@_date: 2017-02-27 17:56:33
Well, this:  A full 4TB would be a lot today, but is not likely to be an issue in 2023.
That data stopped in 2004 though, 13 years ago. I pulled from a much more recent dataset and averaged over the last 5 years to get the 14% YoY price decrease/size increase numbers.  2023 is less than 6 years away.
Even if we ignored that, hard drive price decreases were about 30%/y 1985-1992, 46%/y 1993-2003, and 30%/y 2003-2010.  Our growth is 65% 5y and 80/81% 2y, higher than even the fastest period of hard drive price decreases, which we are no longer in.
Even disregarding that, when I extrapolated our growth(unchecked 65%) against hard drive sizes(14%), I got year 2028 as the last year that the blockchain data would fit on a single residential-sized hard drive(Approximately less than $240 worth of hard drive in that year, about 75 TB).  Extrapolating that far out on anything is, of course, very unreliable.


Why not?  You want our prediction numbers on the one hand to assume that our growth will arbitrarily slow/stop, and on the other hand to assume we'll go back to early 2000's era technology growth?  Sorry for sounding irritable, I don't think you deserve it, but lots of people have been replying to my numbers with that kind of logic and it gets frustrating.  It doesn't seem logical.
Also, 65-80% growth per year is much slower than the growth of Microsoft(at times), facebook, internet content, and other network-effect type technologies, like we very much are.
I would agree with you that our super early growth rates were unsustainable.  Across 2010 our YoY growth rates were anywhere from 400% to 1000%.  Across 2011 it reached 1600% and gradually dropped to a "pleasant" 500%.  Across 2012 it ranged from 250% to 450%.  Those kinds of numbers are definitely unsustainable, but we've had nearly 5 years since then, and I didn't use any of those numbers to come up with my 5 year estimates.  The first month we had a reasonably sane YoY growth number was July, 2013, which was the first month since May 2010 where the growth percent was less than 100% larger than the month the year before.  If I average the growth since July, 2013 it comes out to 63% YoY growth, and it is worth noting that we have never had a month to date where the same month a year prior had fewer transactions, not once(I momentarily thought that Feburary 2017 broke that trend, but then I realized that when I first pulled the data Feburary was less than halfway done).  If I use a 6 month moving average (of the same-month % increases) the lowest growth we had was 19% for the first half of 2014, mostly because the first half of 2013 was still the explosive growth phase, which is still above the recent hard drive price changes (~14%).  In fact, most of 2013's growth was pretty stagnant, a "mere" 30%.  The median was 73% and the highest sustained growth periods was a tie between late 2013 (102%) and early 2016 (107%).
All of that is many many ways of looking at the data to say that our trends have reliably and solidly looked like this for quite awhile, and I can't see any reason to imagine it will put on the brakes if we don't stop.


I'm glad that you get that.  You'd be surprised(or maybe not?) how many people keep insisting that Bitcoin can do anything they think it can, or that technology improvements will save us, or that &lt;theoretical future optimization Y or Z&gt; will save us to make it possible again.  They simply can't wrap their heads around the scope of how big the problem could become.


1995 was the beginning of the hayday of exponential growth for all areas of computing... Hard drives and bandwidth began to slow in 2002 (dot com  bubble burst) and again in 2010(technological leaps and software/asic improvements began to be exhausted and we begin to slow down to manufacturing improvement rates).  It isn't reasonable to compare our growth rates starting 22 years ago unless you also thought it was reasonable to compare our early 2009-2012 growth rates (Which I think would also be an absurd comparison/prediction).


Again, I'm literally looking at the most reasonable estimates I can find of our transaction growth and trying to drop out the obvious periods of unsustainable growth when I'm coming up with these... Transaction data literally is expanding exponentially just as fast as the data sizes you're referencing used to, and given the number of people on the planet and the worldwide transaction volume demands, I don't think we would slow down unless forced to or until we reach a significant percentage of worldwide volume.  Our growth is much slower than that of Facebook, for example.  Even worldwide transaction volume itself is growing by nearly the same speed as hard drive sizes (8-10% vs 14%), I think that speaks volumes about our future growth possibilities.
Of course anyone is free to disagree with me... I would hope that they(not you specifically, but anyone who disagrees) would come up with alternative numbers and some basis upon which they make their predictions, though.


Agreed, it is disgusting.  And with our current president, I don't know that it will get any better.  That said, it is reality and shouldn't be ignored.  I actually don't have a bandwidth cap, but I might in the future and am sensitive to issues facing those who do.


You should check your bandwidth usage.  Depending on how many peers and a few other factors, it might surprise you.  It certainly surprised me, though I'm still trying to gather numbers on what the real-world usage is/will be.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:27:53






No, you just didn't take the logic far enough.  Both your logic here and his logic is correct.  The only answer is that use cases that can't fit have to be priced out.  This isn't an option or a desired outcome, it is simply a cold hard reality of the scaling problem.  Blockchain space is a scarce resource, and trying to pretend like it isn't is not going to help us.
The reason is simple - There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.  But they don't want to make just one transaction a day; They, and their employers and their merchants want to send many more than just one per person per day.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:03:58


No other coins have a magical solution to the scaling problem without breaking decentralization or security.  They aren't magic, the rules still apply to them.  Ethereum's block history for example is growing faster than Bitcoin's (5.7 gb/mo vs 4.4 gb/mo) and it doesn't even have any real uses yet.
@_date: 2017-02-18 06:26:25
You too!
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:48:50
See here: 
Such a thing could be mostly prevented by simple code changes, partially prevented by public backlash and by anti-fraud laws in every developed country, and fully prevented by core developer actions, if it somehow were ever a real threat to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:14:01


Dude we stopped growing at 50% YoY more than 10 years ago.  None of the worldwide or even large regional averages are anything close to that today.
The growth in good years in certain areas is about 33%.  In most places it is under 10%.  8-18% is the estimate I got from looking at multiple sources.
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:26:54


Great, you addressed 1/5th of the problem.  4/5ths remain.
@_date: 2017-02-22 17:51:54
Who on earth would actually pay that?  If they cared to pay they'd just upgrade their hardware and run a full node.
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:14:11


Impossible, it would have no idea which chain was an attackers false chain and which one wasn't.
The utxo itself would needed to be hard-coded into a historic checkpoint before the history blocks leading to it could be forgotten, but that removes much of our claim to decentralization.
@_date: 2017-02-13 22:50:44
My point about the "real problem" is that people need to give up the notion that $5 coffee transactions can possibly be stored on-chain long term.  Once people give up that idea, real discussions can happen without all the "all transactions matter!" emotional diatribes.  None of the proposed solutions even come close to appreciating the impossibility of "all transactions matter."


A lot of people misunderstand lightning though.  Lightning won't allow people to suddenly transact for free or transact with anyone they couldn't already.  The biggest thing it will allow is for service providers on top of Bitcoin to aggregate many transactions to/from other service providers, similar to how banks work now, but with far less trust needed and with everything else Bitcoin provides.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:53:16




Yes!  And also, even more so, because increasing the block size limit will only delay the inevitable - Within 4-7 years, transaction demand with no fees would outpace the ability of even large residential hard drives to store the data, and most likely the bandwidth requirements would outpace the ability for home users to even run a pruning node.
@_date: 2017-02-27 03:36:33


So you have better estimates than basing it on our previous 2 year or 5 year growth?  Or is your argument that we shouldn't be making any estimates at all?
There's absolutely no reason to believe our growth is going to suddenly stop, particularly not when we're at less than 0.25% of the most obvious cap number.


No, you're missing my point.  It doesn't matter how much we tried to increase the blocksize, it would never be enough.  Small transactions cannot go on-chain, it must become un-economical for them to do so, because it is impossible for such a thing to be sustained.
After people give up that misconception, then we can have real discussions about what blocksizes should be.


I present a bunch of numbers primarily about the technical limitations and you turn around and refer to this being politics instead of tech.  You're just seeing what you want to see - The technological limitations are very real and few people are acknowledging them.


Because you refuse to look at the numbers because "it won't keep growing forever."  You have no reasonable counter-estimates about our growth, no logical reason for where, when, or why growth will suddenly stop, and then you resort to effectively ad-hominem attacks(They're biased and corrupt!) about people opposing what you want.  ADDRESS THE NUMBERS FIRST.  Here's [a more complete set]( of numbers and discussion if you want to do that.
@_date: 2017-02-17 22:11:37
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:00:14
Your proposal is actually one of the more reasonable proposals, and it wasn't hard to modify my tables for it, so I worked out the math for you... Here are the resource requirements needed to run a node under your proposal, by year: (Assumptions at the bottom).
The flaw yours ultimately suffers from is the same flaw the current small blocks suffer from- The size of the blocks are ultimately wholly inadequate to satisfy the demand for transactions, and the fees will economically exclude small day-to-day transactions(which I believe is unavoidable).  I note that you said:


Note, 2mb blocks only give us until the end of this year and then the blocks will be full again.  January of next year the fees will begin to rise if SW isn't activated.  I accounted for that in my "Tx SpaceAvail %" column above, which represents how much blockspace is left over (or how much additional would be demanded) after satisfying all transaction growth(65% YoY)
Beyond that flaw, your proposal works fairly well because 17% is roughly in line with what bandwidth prices have been dropping(~8-18%/y) and not far from what hard drive prices have been doing(~14%/y).  For the "% normal hdd" column I assumed a "normal" hard drive is roughly a $75 hard drive.  This matches what most computers that I've seen today are sold with (~2 TB early 2016, 3TB mid 2017).  Of course, if hard drive prices or bandwidth prices deviate wildly from the estimates I made from the last 5 years, this may be way off.
Math assumptions:
600 byte transactions, 65% YoY transaction demand growth, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, hdd cost declining by 14% YoY, Segwit = 1.75x blocksize, "normal" hdd = ~$72.
@_date: 2017-02-13 22:07:36
Yes it is wrong.
Because 100 TPS is *NOTHING.*  100 TPS wouldn't even cover 1% of what Bitcoin needs in order to satisfy the "all transactions matter" crowd.
There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2014, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year.  Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.
@_date: 2017-02-22 17:55:17
Which is why idea that we'll "just spin up more archival nodes and it'll be fine" is kind of laughable.  Sure we'd do that if it were free, but since it isn't... we can't ignore the dramatic increases in node costs during the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:53:38
That makes his node become less useful to the network as a whole, and it's just a way of ignoring the real problem that trying to scale to 7+ billion people would create.
@_date: 2017-02-21 22:48:38
Ah, yes, thanks.
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:52:33
One big point of lightning is that service providers can aggregate many people's transactions into one channel and act as a clearinghouse.  It isn't going to magically let people put $5 coffee transactions onto the inefficient blockchain.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:29:57
2 relays means you have only one peer, and means not only do you contribute nothing to the network but you are incredibly vulnerable to attackers.  You are forgetting that you receive a transaction at minimum twice (once when broadcast and again within a block when mined), and also you are forgetting that you need to retransmit twice(broadcast + mined block) at minimum.
If everyone had only 2 peers that would be 4 relays and would still be incredibly vulnerable to attack (In addition to making relays incredibly slow).  "Properly optimized" is nearly impossible without a supernode network architecture.  Also, I didn't count the times when a transaction or node gets relayed to a node twice, which still consumes bandwidth even if they drop it, and I did not add anything for the random syncing of other nodes which drastically increases the bandwidth requirements on their peers.  Lastly, historically transactions have been larger than 500 bytes per transaction for most of the last 3 years and may become even larger as things like the lightning network begin to be used with additional transaction data.  The average since January 2015 was 642 bytes/tx, and the average for just the last 12 months was 629 bytes/tx.
Also, did you forget to convert from bytes/sec to bits/sec for bandwidth?  Home connections are advertised in M bits/sec, not bytes.
Your numbers are unrealistic; Aside from forgetting the minimum 2 relays per node per tx, you used an unrealistic tx size, added nothing for syncing nodes or overhead, and added nothing for random double-transmissions of transactions.  Home nodes could MAYBE get away with having 3 peers, which means at minimum 6 relays instead of 16.  But in no way were my numbers exaggerated; If anything, they are an optimistic minimum.
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:07:37
Or you could just be a dick to for no reason about something you clearly have no experience with.
@_date: 2017-02-21 01:35:55
*correction, that should have read GB/GB.  The bandwidth required was higher than I estimated, and higher even than I knew.  I had no idea I was burning through 2+TB a month just running a bitcoin node.  I'm surprised my ISP isn't banging on my door.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:12:07


Your logic isn't wrong, but the problem I see is that essentially the main argument people are hinging around for blocksizes and transaction fees is that they want Bitcoin to be able to do small day-to-day transactions($5 coffee transactions) or serve third world undeveloped needs(possibly smaller).  And worse, they were told/lead to believe that Bitcoin could and would do such a thing.  Unfortunately, it can't, and every day that people believe that / try to push towards that goal, they wind up making the problems and the disagreements worse.
To get through mid-2019 as you suggest, we'd have to have SW+2mb blocks.  That works out to an additional +130 GB/year of data storage for full history nodes, +550 kbit/s bandwidth requirements for all nodes, and +180 GB/mo of bandwidth, minimum, per node.  Personally I could probably be fine with that, but only if it didn't simply push the "all transactions matter" fight back to mid-2019.  First people have to accept that small day-to-day transactions simply won't make the economic cutoff.
I do worry about the storage requirements of the blockchain; Everything that happens today has to be stored forever, which begins to become very substantial cumulative expenses.  Or at least, it has to be stored until we create a secure system to checkpoint the utxo and discard ancient transaction data, but that is tricky to do.
@_date: 2017-02-15 10:59:14


That's absolutely an argument that gets made here every week.


Many of them do, and they get upvoted endlessly in support; Dissenting opinions don't rise to the top.


Tell that to that crowd?


If everyone continues to get used to the idea that there is not guaranteed to be an economic cut-off point or that day-to-day transactions will somehow make the cutoff, then all we're doing is kicking the can down the road so we can have the conflict all over again when it really does become impractical to support the use cases people get accustomed to.


I'm not sure I disagree, but care to explain how with details?  Why would forcing Bitcoin to adapt to use cases closer to its real long-term uses early kill it?


As I covered in my previous reply to you, costs to open an LN channel cannot be in the 1-2 cent range.  It cannot happen and will not happen, which is why it is so damn important that people give up this idea that any solution requiring on-chain data storage could possibly be that cheap.  Storing and transmitting/retransmitting the data bytes for that LN channel costs the Bitcoin nodes more than 2 cents in the first few years because it is retransmitted to EVERYONE and stored by many nodes.  And nodes don't even get paid to bear that burden for everyone like miners do.
LN channels aren't going to magically be cheaper than transactions, and transactions cannot be that cheap because they already cost more than that, and because as I mentioned in the other comment, those types of transaction fees are not going to make enough for miners to protect us against a 51% attack.  What the LN is going to allow is for service providers to build transaction aggregation / settlement services that can then drop the costs back down to the levels you want.  That may take 10 years.


They are going to go somewhere else until service provider layers on top of Bitcoin replicate what VISA does.  There's nothing that can be done about that because Bitcoin wasn't designed for solving every-day payment problems.  Bitcoin was designed to be immune to all attackers, governmental or financially driven, and any on-chain data is going to have to meet a steep economic cutoff to be stored with that level security.
@_date: 2017-02-21 22:34:35


Right, but how many of those people are taking an informed stance with knowledge of the future scaling problems and also the costs involved?  I know that the core devs have considered the costs involved, but even some of the core devs don't acknowledge that we're eventually going to hit a scaling level that can't be sustained by any usable block sizes... Not good :(
Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.




I believe it is nearly linear, i.e. bandwidth requirements = ( *  * avg_transaction_size), but it should be slightly better than linear; I don't know how much, exactly.  I'll be testing it over the next few days with various connection limits to see how it affects it.  Less than 8 peers would be bad for the node and the network; Here's the math I did before assuming 8 peers (real-world testing showed our current numbers to be significantly worse even than my estimate): 
@_date: 2017-02-22 05:57:09


Blockchain means limited transactions.  Blockchain space is a scarce resource.


Maybe obvious to you, but it only delays the inevitable, and adds substantial costs to every node.  Blockchain technologies can't scale to the levels of transactions we are headed for.
My full node with default settings was on track this month to consume 1.5 TB of bandwidth a month by itself; Most data caps(in the U.S.) are 0.3-1TB for everything.  Increasing the blocksizes are just going to make it more expensive for node operators and decrease the number of nodes we have, without solving anything - 2mb+SW will cap out again in 1.5 years and we'll have the same problem, but with 4x the bandwidth and resource consumption to show for ourselves.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:41:28


Lightning isn't magic.  It won't work for medium size transactions, it will have fees, and it will require senders and receivers to be online always in order to transact.  Worse, if your node drops offline at the wrong time, you could literally lose money even though you never transacted anything (unless you turn off relaying, which people will do, which will increase fees for everyone)




Awfully nice of you to actually address the numbers.  Which you didn't.
Btw, your BU crowd is literally slowing down Segwit, which means they're delaying lightning.  Congratz!
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:45:12


It doesn't matter how long you increase the time period, the problem is the same.  I would agree that having some form of absolute checkpointing would avoid the purely-false history problem, but it becomes difficult for a new client to determine the true checkpoints from false ones without a hardcoded tag.


I think you're confused about how a "false" blockchain works, or at least what I'm referring to.  There's never a need for an attacker to include "unsigned transactions that won't validate."  Every part of a false history (and a 51% attack) is totally valid according the rules of the system.  A false history attack works like this:
1. Start from the Genesis block and mine with custom code and falsified timestamps, controlling the timestamp calculation for a desired outcome (most likely, keeping difficulty low so that the false history can be generated quickly.
2. Since you control 100% of the mining on this false chain, you control 100% of the coin and the addresses; Distribute as needed to simulate whatever outcome is needed to fool nodes after completion.
3. Once the history has the desired properties(Mined coins, chain length, addresses, transactions, etc), broadcast to the network.  Fully synced nodes could easily ignore the chain regardless of its content by refusing to accept ancient timestamped blocks they've never seen; Newly syncing nodes could not and would need to rely on the total work done to differentiate between the real history and the false one.
In your scenario, a falsely created history that has been 51% attacked over the chosen time period would be completely believed by new nodes, which would either cause a soft fork until it was resolved, or if old nodes also believed it, causing everyone's coins worldwide to vanish until the code was changed to undo the damage.  Bitcoin would grind to a halt in the meantime, or worse; the financial damage to companies and individuals relying on Bitcoin worldwide could be extreme.
This type of attack underlies one of the biggest problems in proof of stake; Since the coins themselves are the "work" a false history can contain just as much work, easily, as a real history.  Centralized checkpointing can help with it, but since older addresses that are "empty" in the real history can still be used to stake in a false fork, it's still vulnerable.
@_date: 2014-11-03 09:55:31
Uh, what?
They paid back something like 1.10 BTC on 0.1 BTC per share cost.  Unfavorable terms how?
Gen2 didn't pan out.  Gen3 is still reaching break-even, and Gen4 needs to be funded for the company to survive.
@_date: 2017-02-23 07:53:29


Yeah, that's true.  Are bandwidth caps uncommon in east asia and northern europe?  What are the speeds like?  Do the ISP's get mad if one user pulls down, say, 10TB of data a month?


The full history of the chain is already 60gb and it's not even 3 years old... And no one uses it for anything substantial yet.  They seem to do a very aggressive pruning that gets it down to "only" 12gb or so(again for a 2.5 year old little-used system), but I'm not sure if new nodes can sync without that 60gb hit.  I think data storage on Ethereum is going to wind up very expensive after node operation becomes prohibitively expensive and they realize they have a big problem.  It is a short-sighted development process. :(
Also adding, despite the fact that Ethereum is comparatively tiny, geth was pulling down a substantial amount of bandwidth alongside bitcoind in some of my tests.  I shut it off to conserve my bandwidth. :P
No blockchain that I know of has any solutions that actually solve or avoid the problem- It's just too far off for them to actually consider it, just like it used to be for us.  Blockchains are inherently extremely inefficient - Every piece of data is sent to every single participant, often multiple times, and stored by every single participant, forever(or at least an indeterminant amount of time).  With other modern large-scale systems like VISA the data is only sent to the destination server it needs to be on(and its backups), and only once, and only stored for the time that it is needed.  To scale a properly designed large scale system, you add more servers.  Doing that to Blockchains only makes things worse.
@_date: 2017-02-14 23:27:23


Not that you're wrong (or even saying this), but people need to give up on the idea that we will somehow be able to store $5 coffee transactions on-chain long term.  I doubt we'll even be able to store $500 transactions on-chain long term, but I can't guess where the economic cutoff will be.
The reason is simple; There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.
@_date: 2017-02-27 20:53:12


I would argue that any other estimate someone could come up with would be more stupid than mine, short of coinbase and/or other exchanges giving us access to their account / volume / creation data, and even that would only get us a few months ahead of the curve and may be of limited use.
So if your point is that all estimates may be unreliable you are right.  So we just shouldn't do any math at all until it is too late?  We have to make do with the data we have available, and there's nothing in that data nor in the broader financial markets data to indicate that the growth rates will be plummeting, except for the cap that people are arguing to remove.


Correct, but I wouldn't be making estimates like that if people weren't clamoring for the capacity limits to be removed or made so high as to not affect the issue they are concerned about(fees).
The estimates are a tool to help project, predict, and plan for the future.  They aren't a goal by themselves.  If we can't collect them in the future, fine, we will have to make do with what we have at that point.


Sorry, my bad.  Most people who are arguing that the blocksize should be increased have this belief and they refuse to give it up.


The reason I'm bringing that up is that there is no reason to believe that anything between 1mb and 1gb will actually have a chance of addressing the main reason that most people are pushing for big blocks - Which is to maintain the possibility of microtransactions or small day-to-day transactions on-chain forever.  Since you're saying you don't have that belief, you are right, that would be a strawman argument.


And I would encourage that, as I don't believe the people calculating that considered SW or thoroughly considered the impact on bandwidth or storage needs, nor did they consider just how little time that would buy us (2021 or 2022) until the problem they were trying to argue for(small transactions/fees) resurfaced with a vengeance.
As a discussion of potential resource consumption versus utility, 8mb is a fine topic, but not when the majority of the people wanting it just want it for reasons that are ultimately impossible and will only drag this conflict out to 2021/2022.


(In my opinion) Because most of the people advocating that position have impossible expectations and can't think critically about why they are being told no.  There does seem to be nearly universal agreement that blocksizes must get bigger, the problem is when, why, and how much - Which gets down to politics and SHOULD involve technical discussions.
Also the "artificial fee market" isn't so artificial.  I have an entirely different argument around that, but we have farther out until that begins to matter(2028-2036), and the solutions are less clear(increasing blocksizes can under some circumstances increase total fee output; Total fee output needs to be much higher than it is today but does not need to be as large as the current block reward+fee totals; I don't base this on miner profits, I base it on the economics of a short sale + 51% attack).  Not worth arguing as a primary argument because it is further out, though, so we have more time to collect data and adjust (so long as it isn't forgotten).


Right, which is why I mention that worldwide transaction volumes are ALSO growing at nearly the same speed(8-10%) as technological improvements(8-18%).  Even if you assume we will never have a major percentage of the population because centralized systems are more efficient/effective, it is definitely reasonable to assume we'll keep the same percentage and have the same growth rates at least.  Right now we have ~0.02% of the world's transaction volume but are growing much, much faster.  What is a reasonable percentage of world transaction volume you think we'll hit?  1%?  1% would be hit around 2026 and give us 128mb blocks and burn ~10 TB a month of data - $100 a month in bandwidth alone at high-tier ec2 prices, adjusted for aggressive bandwidth cost decreases(18%/y).  It might be doable at that level(but many people would stop running a node), and yes I know you don't agree with my growth predictions, but my point is that the resource consumption has to be considered thoroughly, and ultimately we get back to the same conclusion - Long term, small day-to-day transactions can't fit on-chain for Bitcoin.  If we pretend that they can, people will build businesses, technologies, websites, habits, and use-cases around the concept that they can continue to do that sustainably.  When the door gets shut in their face 10 years later, they're going to be a lot more pissed than they are today.


You and I agree on this already; My numbers are trying to convince people that not only will that not happen, it simply can't function.


Do you not see any point in what I mentioned above about people making assumptions and building businesses, habits, etc around an unsustainable philosophy?  If 8mb blocks fill up in 2 years(actually 4-5), that's 4-5 years of people building things they really like that will suddenly become unworkable again in 4 years.  There's no validity to that line of thinking in your mind?
Further, we DO need a fee market, we just don't need it yet.  It takes substantial time for us to collect data and experiment with different economic configurations so that we're not suddenly vulnerable to a 51% attack in 2028 when the block rewards get too low.  A steady increase of blocksizes would allow us to collect that data and the fee market to build without a sudden introduction when we're vulnerable (which of itself would be a big political battle, but if we chose wrong Bitcoin could suffer massively, the tragedy of the commons).
That said, I'm warming up to the idea of 8mb blocks, but the math still isn't great. Those are 1-2 TB a month of bandwidth consumption, and bandwidth caps (assuming bandwidth prices drop 18%/y) will be about double by the time the blocks get full.  I don't think people will really dedicate their entire bandwidth cap to running a Bitcoin node, and those who do accidentally will be in for a very rude awakening when the ISP's come down on them, and that will suck, all because they wanted to give to the network and we didn't do the math on their behalf.  Especially if their node got socked with a bunch of syncing nodes unexpectedly, which for my node seems to drive the bandwidth 15x higher than normal (still testing this).


Totally agreed.  Unless we increase the blocksize too far too fast, there will always be a backlog of transactions for the forseeable future, and after 2024 or so, there will always be a backlog no matter what we do unless we've accepted that home users can't run nodes anymore.
How about this proposal.  We desperately desperately need a checkpointing system to discard old history.  The only ways I know of to do it would either require hardcoded and periodically developer-updated checkpoints (definitely not ideal) or else would require a hardfork (ugh).  Aside from that, I think if we got a checkpointing system we could begin increasing blocksizes a small amount every year.  I find a steady blocksize increase to be vastly preferable to a sudden leap because of the above part about people making the wrong assumptions.  If we started with a 30% yearly blocksize increase starting in 2018 it should accomplish both your goals without causing the problems I'm concerned about.  Blocksizes would hit 8mb in 2025 and consume ~2TB of bandwidth a month when many bandwidth caps should be roughly ~5TB(based on 18% per year bandwidth increases).  Starting at 16mb blocks(2028) the increase rate should drop to 12% per year (conservative numbers because of the difficulty in predicting technological advances that far out).  At that point the pattern will be established and people could hardfork again if technology's gains were on track to outpace that 12% or had beaten my 18% estimate; If they weren't able to get consensus on a hardfork, 12% per year is still conservative enough to not outpace the technology fast enough to possibly require a rushed hardfork (the situation we're facing now), but is still an appreciable rate of growth that slightly exceeds current WW transaction growth rates.
@_date: 2015-01-20 07:59:28
Coinfire, thank you guys for doing this; This is what journalism should be.  It does a great thing for the Bitcoin community to be aware of these things, and an even greater thing to have the reservation to not jeopardize the investigation.
I will now make Coinfire my homepage.  No joke.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:56:30
Needed doesn't matter.  There is no blocksize capable of keeping up with the world's transactions.
There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2014, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year.  Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:26:53


Which becomes too small to provide protection against a 51% attack in 7-19 years...
@_date: 2017-02-14 23:22:18


It seems by the end you and I don't disagree in a way that matters, but if you really want I could track them down.


It's quite a leap to assume that at some point we're going to develop a technology that would give us the required cost decreases to keep up with what appears to be needed to satisfy transaction demand growth.  Possible, sure, but something we can bank on?
Even the article you link is talking about the density, not the cost efficiency per byte.  Cost efficiency matters if we want nodes to willingly keep the system running with no reward for their costs.


Our current forseeable blockchain algorithms require that at least a reliable, non-centralized number of nodes perpetually store the full blockchain history, forever.  Forever is an incredibly long time unless we blow this, so I think it matters a lot.  CPU currently isn't a big constraint, and may be able to scale to multicore systems easier.  Network bandwidth is a big constraint, possibly bigger than disk requirements, but cost per byte statistics on network bandwidth are harder to find, and there's less of a detailed history than the record of hard drive prices I was able to find.


Sorry, most people believe it is, my bad.


Again, my bad, many people seem to think that that's a reasonable goal (or should be the goal).


I don't totally disagree, but I think that the needs of a blocksize increase are secondary to the need for the other solutions (lest people ingrain it into their brains that transactions of any size are fair game for blockspace), and I think there are other considerations for blocksizes that should be primary.  The biggest issue to me is the purpose of transaction fees in the first place - Transaction fees have to increase to the point where it never becomes economically feasible for someone to short Bitcoin (or short mining companies), perform a 51% attack, and turn a profit despite losing 100% of the 51% attack expense.  In a different thread I calculated that the total BTC/day fees likely need to end up over 1000 btc - so we're in trouble in ~11 years if fee rewards don't increase.
@_date: 2017-02-21 22:37:19
I don't think a supermajority of the network today can sustain 6TB/month of bandwidth, can they?  Six times the U.S. nationwide Comcast data cap?
@_date: 2017-02-18 05:29:01


The passengers are going to learn that it is typical and and normal to just add buses.  When the busing reaches its practical limit, they are going to be just as pissed in the future as they are now, if not more so.


Trains don't get built while buses are working fine.  People get motivated to fund and build trains once the it is clear the buses aren't working.


Just so you know, I worked out the math on this earlier.  Our transaction volume is growing by 65% per year for the last 5 years, and 80/81% the last two.  At those rates (if uncapped) we'll fill 2mb blocks by mid 2018, SW+2mb blocks by mid 2019, 8mb blocks by early 2021, and fill an entire 4TB hard drive by the end of 2023 (also maxing out(24/7) 8mbit/sec low-end bandwidth around this time).  We don't have 10 sustainable years of buying busses, we have 3.  Building a train will take 3 years or longer, unfortunately, so something has to give before then.
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:10:57
I think the simplest way - for now - to work it out is to try to figure out what level the bitcoins per day rewarded to miners needs to be at to discourage attackers.  Estimating from what percent of the market cap a large 51% attacker could reasonably short, and from how far the panic sale could drop gives us some starting points.  From that I get around ~1000 BTC per day in block rewards+transaction fees.  So by 2036 it would need to be ~950 btc per day minimum going to miners in the form of fees.
Exactly how that works out into a blocksize I have no idea.  The economics also gets fuzzier the farther the estimations are taken.
@_date: 2017-02-21 19:11:40
Interesting... I need some way to quantify it and then can work it into the estimates.  No idea how to do that though :/
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:51:34
By 2028 fees will become essential to preventing an attacker from destroying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:10:45


You're imagining that other cryptocurrencies have magical solutions to the scaling problems that we don't have.  They don't.  Ethereum's blockchain monthly is growing by more than Bitcoin's (5.7 GB/mo vs 4.4 GB/mo) and they don't have any real uses yet even.  They would be completely screwed if they were the size of Bitcoin today.
@_date: 2014-11-25 16:03:26
paging (Hey, it might work!)
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:32:48
The vast majority of miners in operation are locked into datacenter contracts.
They'll continue losing money until it bankrupts them and then the datacenters have to decide if it is worth it to sue half their customers, most of whom have nothing to take in the lawsuit.
@_date: 2015-01-14 03:11:10
Big operations get money from investors and pay landlords and electric companies.  Big operations will be the first to be obliterated.  All of their math is based on higher bitcoin prices &amp; mining profitability.  Investors don't like losing money constantly.  Cointerra is the first example, and Spondoolies and other large operations are already having trouble.
Sitting on a big pile of coins is worthless when your investors don't want to sell at such a low price, and the coins are suddenly worth a lot less than you thought.
Home miners don't have to pay lease, cooling, taxes, labor, insurance, build costs, investment capex, or internet.  Bitfury is probably well positioned to survive, but a lot of other companies are about to go up in flames.
@_date: 2017-02-21 20:15:41
Where has Bitmain said their stance on the matter?
@_date: 2015-01-14 02:23:02
^ Gets it.
Home miners have it cheap so long as they don't try to go big.  Going big is expensive.
@_date: 2017-02-18 06:15:24
I like your reasonable, data-driven approach, props for that.


These are hard questions.  I would assume that once someone who has a solid computer and internet connection to their house can't comfortably add resources to the network, we'd begin to lose our decentralization.
With how ISP's in the U.S. are capping bandwidth, that may be one of the first limitations we hit for that case.  2mb+SW blocks at 100% capacity works out to about 250 gb per month of transfer(up+down), and that's enough to scare me about the caps.  We'd hit that level of transactions in a little over 2 years.
That said, I worked out some of the math you're asking here: 
Those assume 600 bytes** per transaction, and that transaction growth continues at 65% YoY growth.


I think historical estimates are reasonably good predictors; at least until today's times(caps being hit).


Pretty reliable to predict


I'm pretty sure we can't even figure out how many users we have today, so predicting adoption in response to various transaction states is going to be very difficult.


Good call.  lol


Just be aware, that'll only get us through to mid-2019, and the trade-off is that it takes 10%(200gb/yr) of your average at-home desktop hard drive(2tb) per year, every year(Plus the ~500gb chaindata that gets us to that capping point), takes about 8-15%(0.75mbit/s) of a typical home broadband internet connection(5-10mbit/s), and consumes 25%(250gb) of the monthly comcast data cap in the U.S.(1tb).
***FYI, the bandwidth calculation that went into the chart above takes into account how inefficient Bitcoin is in terms of transmitting transactions.  For each node, each transaction is: Received(1x), retransmitted to peers(7x), re-received within a block(1x), and re-transmitted within a block(7x).  It may also be received additional times from other peers by mistake(and dropped).  So the bandwidth requirements are at least 16x higher than the storage requirements.  Also note bytes vs bits.*
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:05:37
No, I literally extrapolated from the current trends on every side of the equation: 


Since you want to compare hard drive sizes, here's how much storage and space will be required assuming we there's no blocksize cap and we continue growing at the same speed as the last two years(80/81%): 
If we use a lower growth estimate(65%, our last 5 years avg growth rate) it isn't a ton better: 
Those are calculated from a -14% yearly hard drive price decline which may even be optimistic, the last two years of that were ~-6% and ~-7%.
If you have better estimates, bust it out.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:24:29


The value of Bitcoins is actually irrelevant to how high the fee rewards need to become.  A short seller makes his profits in Bitcoin-value-terms, and total mining defenses also wind up calculated in Bitcoin-value-terms.
See the math here: 
@_date: 2017-02-20 23:54:25


That would be 100% perfect efficiency.  For someone asking if I'm a programmer and impugning other people's knowledge, you sound like a PHD student who has never worked in the real world.  No distributed network gets 100% efficiency, especially not decentralized, trustless networks.  Bitcoin networks aren't a binary tree, data doesn't start from a reliable place, and nodes aren't reliable or trustworthy by themselves.  There's no way for a self organizing decentralized trustless network to organize itself into a system that has such an efficient routing system.


Again, you're assuming the network is highly efficient.  It isn't, nor is it anywhere close to it.




That's funny, I found lots of conversations among developers with a simple search, so it seems like this has been a goal, and it isn't as easy as you seem to think it is.


Considering that Bitcoin will be 1000x bigger in just a few years according to my "thought experiment," and considering your half-brained ideas are unrealistic (100% efficiency?) or difficult to implement (see core dev threads) yeah, basing calculations on our current trends is a safe bet.


It is THE REAL CALCULATION OF BANDWIDTH.  I'm sorry that you don't like the real world dude.


So you think the most reasonable estimate for future planning is the most optimistic one?  Damn, I'm glad you don't do disaster relief planning or work for any organizations anyone relies upon for anything critical.


I am.  May I ask, have you ever worked on a large scale system?  Please design a system that will send me a list of 1 trillion transaction hashes in a reasonable amount of time.  Wait, no, lets make it easier, design a system that can store and retrieve 1 trillion transactions, actual interview question from google.  Some simple math will show you that that isn't even remotely the same problem as "send me(or store) 100,000 transaction hashes."




So to invalidate my calculations that(as I show below) **already** significantly underestimate the problem, you point to a proposal that isn't tested?  Dude, theory is not the real world.
Moreover, as I mentioned, none of this changes the problem, it just delays how long we have until we hit the limits we *can't* break.  If we made transaction relaying 80% more efficient than they are today, that literally only pushes back the year 2020 Comcast 1TB limit to 2024, and the growth rate of tx/year continues unchanged.






Well you can spout off insults or you can put your money where your mouth is.  I just tested on my Bitcoin node and verified that my calculations of bandwidth consumption match (actually, exceed) the calculation of bandwidth requirements I calculated for 1MB non-SW blocks.  My node has 133 connections to the network and sent/received 577 MB in 20 minutes.  That works out to 83 GB a day, 2.5 TB/month (damn I'm glad I'm not relying on comcast).  That's 19GB per connection; 8 connections would put it at over 150 GB, and my sheet estimated 70GB.  So yeah, my calculations were a low estimate, as it should be since it didn't take into account ANYTHING except the barebones transaction relaying into my calculation.  Got anything else I should ignore about the reality of the scaling problem?
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:46:30


X transactions per second wish to be processed and confirmed.
Y transactions per second can actually be processed by the system.
Beginning in 2015/6, X &gt;&gt; Y
The Y transactions that pay the highest fee per byte out of X transactions will get included.  The ones that are close to that cutoff may be included eventually as volume fluctuates.  The lowest fee transactions out of X are unlikely to ever be confirmed.


Yes, "we" can, it is a necessity of how the blockchain works and the real-world limitations of nodes running on the network(plus the need to secure the chain 10+ years from now when block rewards are low).  What will happen is that Bitcoin is unavoidably going to have to leave small use cases behind - $5 coffee transactions, providing services for the poor in third world countries - At least, those things can't be on-chain.  Lightning may help, and hopefully eventually third party service providers will provide off-chain transacting to pick up the slack.
Bitcoin isn't a replacement for VISA, and can't beat VISA at things VISA was designed from the ground up to do.  Bitcoin will be used for what it is good at - Immensely secure storage and transactions backed by millions or billions of dollars of hardware, and securing those assets against all who would exploit them(Governments included).
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:18:34


For the first time, mining is about to become unprofitable for a period of time-
Because contracts.
Approximately 50 to 90 mW of capacity is in Datacenters*.  Datacenters are a very specific industry- On top of high prices($100/kw to $280/kw, most above $150/kw), they do 1 year contracts as a standard minimum, though if pushed some will do 6 months.  Many do 2 year contracts.  This is TERRIBLE for miners, but the majority of them are already committed... who expected sub $200 btc? The smart miners may have negotiated an out in their contract, but the outs are never free either.
Datacenters don't care if your miners suddenly cost more to operate than they make.  List of things not their problem.  They will, however, enforce the contract against you and take your deposit and your now-worthless machines.  So most miners are suddenly faced with a dilemma.  Either abandon the contract and take your chances that they won't be satisfied with the deposit alone and will come after you legally and attempt to bankrupt your company or go after your personal assets.  Or mine anyway even though the miners don't pay for themselves.
You can see all this already in action here, BEFORE this most recent crash:
Datacenters, too, are going to have a difficult decision, especially places like michigancolo that have been advertising to miners heavily for many months but charging $136/kw.  Do they really want to attempt to sue half their customer base to enforce contracts on people who likely don't have many assets to take?
Some Bitcoin-specific hosting operations did contracts too.  At least in their case they have the experience and lower cost-structure to repoint the miners so they can pay rent/loans.  Those who got prepayment are about to have a lot of very upset customers on their door and may screw customers over by continuing to charge more than the devices earn.
So a lot of mining is about to take place at a loss.  New miners can't compete very well with older miners that are being run at a loss.
As a side note, I have 135 kW of capacity available immediately plus 300 kW of capacity about to be freed up by Cointerras' end-of-life.  I offer several policies to ensure my customers are the focus, including hashing guarantees and profitability guarantees, and some other miner-friendly things.  I also am offering a generous referral of $30/kw to anyone who refers me a customer, payable in Bitcoin.  Minimum customer size is 50kW.  So if anyone reading this knows someone who needs to move 135kW of equipment to somewhere cheap, I have $4000 for you.  PM me.
* I got this from counting up all known megawatts and bitcoin mines, and searching for Bitcoin-advertising colo providers- it is a rather extensive list.  PM me for more.
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:26:34


Lightning unfortunately isn't a magic bullet.  It requires that substantial amounts of capital be tied up doing nothing for long periods of time, it has potentially severe penalties for people randomly going offline, and it requires both parties(and several others) to be online at all times.  It will have fees, though it remains to be seen how those fees will compare with Bitcoin itself.  Also, Lightning breaks down for transactions larger than a certain amount, and there's a chance that the largest transactions Lightning can easily support will be smaller than the smallest transactions economically viable with Bitcoin.  
When I say potentially severe penalties for people going offline, I mean that if you are a node on the lightning network, you could lose all of your coins that are in channels if you go offline at the wrong time.  The only way to protect yourself from that is to only have one channel open (and thus contribute nothing to the "network" aspect of "lightning network" = Higher fees for everyone).
I don't believe Lightning is far enough along to be in testing already, but I am not familiar enough with its progress.  I do know it is just one guy working on it.


It definitely is an issue, if we don't cap growth.  Hard drive prices are only falling by 14% per year for the last 5 years; Our transaction volumes are increasing by 65-80% per year, and worse, global noncash transactions are increasing by nearly 10% per year (without counting us).
If we do cap growth it may be fine, but with that people will still have to accept that small transactions can't be shoved on-chain.
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:29:10
I think the reason why the fees and confirmations today are so wonky is that the gap between block 451857 and 451858 took 1 hr 40 minutes, unless Blockchain.info has bad info.  Happens sometimes.
@_date: 2017-02-27 08:40:46
Well, so much for nice discussion. You clearly don't understand the purpose of mining or fees, why should I be surprised to find yet another jackass who won't debate the real numbers and doesn't understand the implications of what they are advocating for?
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:22:38






Wrong.  Depending what assumptions you make about the viability of a massive short, we could be in danger in only 4 years, and we'll absolutely be in danger in 19 years.  See the math here:
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:18:49
As in it's not growing?
@_date: 2017-02-27 19:05:12


My first comment to you was very polite, but disagreed.  I mentioned twice that I would read your links tomorrow because it was late.  I was actually typing all of that from a phone, so reading huge discussions was nearly impossible.  Instead of being patient or responding in kind, you jumped on me for not reading the study.  You were being a jackass, so you got called a jackass.


LOL!  You said that after literally ignoring me stating TWICE when I would be able to read your links (and why the delay).  You don't deserve the effort I put into my first post to be nice.
And clearly my skimming was correct.  Your thread links are literally about post-apocalyptic Bitcoin operation, you even said "Solar electricity or pedal-gennys would be needed to provide the necessary power."  Further, you even admitted in your posts on that page, that "Confirmations would likely take a very long time" and that you were [only referring to the ability to broadcast transactions]( not mining/confirming them.
So I was literally spot on, you were trying to compare a doomsday scenario with nearly non-existent mining versus normal blockchain operation to make a broader point that we don't need mining.  You are and were wrong.


It is hilarious to me that you say that as if it was a settled dispute and then link to a thread where the only person concluding such a thing is yourself, and only in relation to a doomsday scenario.  How old are you??
Speaking of your other link where you "prove" that it is "absolutely false" that small fee transactions must be priced out, I would like to point you to a quote from the developers who are disagreeing with the non-developer who is insisting that they must cater to small fee transactions:


The guy on that github thread arguing that the developers must do something to support small-fee transactions [links to this example as proof]( that it must be possible to support microtransactions.  Except that that example does absolutely nothing to address the scaling problem, it is simply an attempt to speed up microtransaction confirmation times by managing risk, and then still tries to store the microtransactions on-chain, which I showed in my numbers above will soon become impossible.
He then goes on to link to the same research paper you linked to and quote the exact same set of lines (was that you dude?  lol)... But he ignores just as you ignored the very first paragraph of the paper, which states:


Your paper quote is a should be.  Your github link is a "you should do this."  Shoulda woulda coulda - The real numbers I calculated above will not allow should be and I have yet to find someone who can show why my numbers aren't reasonable or indicative of a unscalable slope we are going to be on within 5 years.  My point stands, small fee transactions must be priced out of blockchain space, whether we want them to be or not.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:40:38
Satoshi understood cryptography well and was a brilliant economist.  He didn't have experience dealing with software requirements at scale.  Scaling software systems is quite difficult.
@_date: 2017-02-17 20:56:38


There is no figure.  The answer is at least as high as necessary to protect Bitcoin against a financially-motivated 51% attack.  Beyond that, as high as the market decides is necessary to price out transactions that cannot feasibly fit.


They won't.  They are necessary because the first layer cannot be used as you desire, it is impossible.  For more numbers and estimations, see here: 
@_date: 2017-02-18 00:18:07


It will always be a scarce resource in some way, because the desire to transact in smaller and smaller amounts always rises up.  Companies don't charge $1 for digital goods most of the time because there's a minimum 30c + 3% fee, which is 33% of their take.  If $1 transactions were totally feasible on-chain, then people would try to do thousands of $0.001 transactions for things like browsing perhaps.  Billions of people on the planet, it is just a matter of how low the transaction fees go before some idea pops up that will generate several times more transactions per person, and then we're back to the problem of fees costing more than someone's desired use case and the equipment not being able to handle the new scale being asked of it.  I mean hell, what if everyone wanted to use the blockchain to start storing and sharing their photos?  It is not impossible.
The only way forward is to accept that there's definitely an economic cutoff for on-chain data, and we may not have much control over where exactly that cutoff lands.
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:27:25
Anyone who says Bitcoin can scale to handle any size transactions has no concept of scaling and their idiocy will cause Bitcoin to fail.
@_date: 2017-02-17 02:28:09


Let me clear it up for you a bit.  Bitcoin clients don't care what other Bitcoin clients say, at all.  Each (full-validating) bitcoin client is its own country, and Bitcoin/the blockchain are the international shipping laws that allow them to trade with eachother.
Specifically, the piece that you're referring to comes down to cryptography.  The bitcoin addresses are public keys, and the wallet files are private keys.  Normal encryption, like what you use to access your bank account, is similar.  Your browser requests the public key from the bank, who willingly sends it (it is public afterall).  Your browser then uses that public key to do a one-way computation on the data it wishes to send to encrypt it.  Afterwards, no one, not even your own computer* can decrypt the message without the private key, which the bank has.  It can be sent and hackers who can read it cannot decrypt it.  After that your computer also sends its own public key to the bank, and the bank uses the same type of encryption to send data to your computer.
. * Your computer of course already knows what is in the message, but it still can't technically decrypt it, nor can it derive the private key.
Bitcoin works in the same type of way, but in reverse.  When you sign a transaction, everyone already knows your public key (hash), and you are using the private key to prove, indisputably to everyone, that the private key associated with your public key was used in the signature process, even if they don't know the private key itself.
Thus, each transaction can be verified by each node independently, they don't need to ask eachother.
The only way that changes is from mining, which is necessary to do because someone could broadcast two equally valid transactions at the same time, where either transaction independently is valid but both cannot be valid at the same time.  That is the problem mining solves.


The only way this becomes a problem is if the 150 bad peers opt not to relay certain transactions, and they have enough to prevent some nodes from ever hearing of those transactions.  That is very difficult for them to do though.
@_date: 2015-01-20 08:03:12
Submit it to the SEC if you haven't.  Them having every post and word out of Garza's mouth will land him in jail and maybe get some people some of their money back.
@_date: 2017-02-23 20:23:29


Thanks to you too!  I think people forget that nearly everyone here is on the same side - nearly all of us want to see Bitcoin succeed.  We just have different visions of what that really means.


FYI, in America they are relatively new.  About 7 years ago if you went above the "caps" the most that would happen is you'd get a vaguely, mildly threatening letter in the mail asking you to get it under control or upgrade to a business line.
It remains to be seen what the FCC is going to allow about the caps long-term.  Our current ~~doofus~~ president seems to be opposed to net neutrality, which would allow many ISP's to continue abusing their positions in the market.  Even the previous administration didn't take a firm stance regarding the caps, though likely they were too busy simply trying to bring some sanity to the policies (I.e., starting to treat ISPs as a monopolistic utility as they should be, and requiring net neutrality to be honored).


I guess I should clarify, I don't think those numbers are so high either - they're just so high compared to where they will end up.  So I found a link that had a chart with various blocksizes for different Ethereum settings: 
My main concern is with full history nodes, because unless I mis-understand something about Ethereum specifically, full history nodes are needed for new nodes to sync, and thus needed for the network itself to operate.  As more and more nodes switch to pruning to reduce the storage and bandwidth costs, more and more of the syncing traffic gets dumped onto fewer and fewer full history nodes - Whose cost of operation and resource demands get higher and higher and harder and harder to justify as a charity.  That's what I believe is going to happen long term, so it is a cause for great concern for me that people keep pretending that pruned numbers are the only numbers that matter.
So on that chart, Ethereum adds 5.7 GB a month of storage.  The bandwidth requirements of that are roughly 15 to 45 times that number because of how inefficient blockchain relaying is(inherent in the distributed, trustless nature of the network), depending on the number of peers (default 25 limit 50 for parity).  Ethereum people talk about sharding as a future scaling method, but I have a hard time envisioning how sharding could occur in a trustless fashion without exposing a blockchain to many attack vectors.  So bandwidth needs for a full ethereum node with 50 peers would be  ~85 - 256 GB/month.  By market cap, Ethereum is 1/16th the size of Bitcoin; I think that's a major over-estimate as I believe Ethereum has a much higher percentage of purely speculative users/holders than even Bitcoin, which does have some various actual use.  To approximate what Ethereum's requirements if they were where we are on growth/usage, I'm going to assume a 1:1 correlation between market cap and usage; Hard to say exactly, but it should be close.  At any rate, those assumptions put Ethereum at ~1.3 TB/month for fewer peers and ~4TB/month for default numbers of peers(50).  That's 12x more than Bitcoin for the same number of peers (109GB/mo currently, 24 peers) and even higher than what my bitcoin was drawing when I let it use the default 133 peers limits(1.5 TB/mo).  
Also bitcoin-volume(16x) storage requirements for Ethereum = 1 TB/year storage requirements currently, which extrapolated at current growth rates(80%/yr tx, vs hard drives 14%/yr) would put the Ethereum blockchain history larger(22.1TB) than the largest residentially-available hard drives(~22TB that year @ 14% growth) by the end of 2021.
(Note, the estimate above for bandwidth holds for Bitcoin.  We're currently adding 4.38 GB a month of data storage, but my node with only 24 active connections is on track for 109 GB/mo of bandwidth consumption - 24.8x more bandwidth than data storage)


Game theory is only useful(to me, at least) when the market forces are aligned with a certain goal.  Or when attempting to set those alignments.  Otherwise Game theory heads us in a broken direction almost immediately.


I believe it needs to be set by some highly intelligent people who have thoroughly thought through, analyzed, and discussed the problem, and who have a long term view for the future of Bitcoin.  That might not be core, currently - several of them seem to believe that the numbers issues I'm raising aren't a concern (Though I haven't talked to them specifically about my numbers), but it definitely isn't the BU crowd who seem to mostly believe that the ONLY consideration for scaling is blocksize caps, and that the only reason not to do it is miner greed (or, alternatively, Ethereum shills who wish to destroy Bitcoin? Not sure the logic on that one TBH).  I'm actually pro-segwit myself for various reasons, and I do believe that blocksizes should periodically increase, I just want people to have realistic discussions with all of the facts and consequences considered before they jump ship.  I can't envision any futures where small transactions can be stored on-chain, it just doesn't seem to be possible from any angle after more than 5 years, and I try to think of Bitcoin in terms of 20+ year timespans.
@_date: 2017-02-23 03:05:01
I thought Bitmain(aka antpool) supported BU, even though they aren't signaling for it?  Do they support core?
@_date: 2017-02-17 22:03:45


Thank you!  I try to be reasonable and stick to the numbers.


As much as we all want super adoption now now now, there's a plus side to slowing down adoption.  It takes time to build and test infrastructure, legalities, regulations, and for people's brains to accept changes or even come up with the ways to use them.  Too much growth too fast can lead to a catastrophe (Satoshi was clearly terrified of that), and contributes to regulators and regular people viewing Bitcoin as unstable.  It isn't all bad if we slow down a bit.


Adoption and popularity at this point is a marathon, not a sprint.  Bitcoin won the sprint because no one else even knew where the track field was.  Now it is a marathon to become stable, secure, and reliable, and to develop use cases and services.  An alt coin could try to overtake Bitcoin, but as soon as they came even close to Bitcoin's popularity without limits, they would begin to have scaling problems.  By the time they have caught up to Bitcoin, their shoe laces will be completely untied and ready to trip them every 20 steps.  Ethereum is going to have this problem because its scaling is much, much worse than Bitcoin, and it is trying to accomplish a significantly more difficult task in significantly less time.
All that said, I'm definitely pro-segwit.  I think that a blocksize calculated from a low percentage of typical residential hard drives actively in-use at that time could be a good solution long-term, but if we raise it to ~2.5mb before people understand that some use cases mustbe economically excluded from being on-chain, we'll just have the whole fight again in 2 years.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:35:10


Did you check the stats and see that it was truly bottlenecked on CPU processing?  I would expect that to be bottlenecked on the bandwidth of the peers perhaps, or perhaps the blockchain sync is only single-threaded and couldn't take advantage of any additional cores?  Bitcoind is hard limited to only 8 peer connections, so it can't continue grabbing peers until it finds enough peers to saturate the bandwidth available like bittorrent, unless they've since changed that?
@_date: 2017-02-20 09:13:17
We have to have a blocksize limit, and we have to have one that is lower than what anyone would have if we could choose anything we wanted.  The reason?
The transaction volume desired by the natural progress of Bitcoin and the world is simply far, far too large.  It can't be done.  Our transaction volume has been growing by 65% per year for 5 years, 80/81% the last two.  Scaling up, here's the data on how much various blocksizes would consume resource-wise, and how long we could last before reaching the cap under various blocksize proposals:
  (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth)
Of note, if we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and that 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - completely by itself.
There's no limit to this growth, either.  There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 4.8 GB blocks and 250 terabytes of storage every year($8,000 in just hard drives). Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.
Technological improvements won't save us either - Hard drive prices are falling ~14% per year for the last 5 years, but worldwide transaction volumes are rising 10% per year, and OUR transaction volumes are growing 65% per year.  Scaling must happen off-chain, and people must accept that $5 coffee transactions will not make the economic cutoff.
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:30:18


If you could choose for all of Bitcoin what to do about it, what would you choose?
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:01:54


FYI, case in point, here's someone thinking that the lightning network is going to be a magic bullet that somehow makes it so that everyday transactions can be done for pennies by anyone anywhere.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:23:48




They don't HAVE to do anything.  If they can't pay a fee to justify inclusion, they can't be included.
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:05:16


It isn't an assumption.  None of the investors on the VC panel in Vegas thought the price would go below $300 after being asked on stage and afterwards.


Smart investors know mining is a shitshow and avoid it.
VC investment itself went down in December to the lowest level since April.
@_date: 2017-03-28 01:04:15


This quote makes it seem like you are arguing that a system allowing miners to vote would be the ideal solution, i.e., something a BU supporter would throw out.


@_date: 2017-02-26 21:35:55
Pushing for big blocks for small transaction fees is short term thinking, and it is short-sighted and will not lead to anywhere good for Bitcoin.  Low-fee use cases have to be priced out because the worldwide demand for blockchain space is simply larger than what blockchains (as a technology) can provide.
If we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - even with a bare minimum amount of peers. Also of note, a full node with default settings today consumes 1.5+ TB a month of bandwidth, well above ISP Bandwidth caps by itself.
This chart I made estimates the resource consumption of the various blocksize proposals out there:
 (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth, same estimates used as above)
There's no limit to this growth, either.  Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
@_date: 2017-02-17 04:12:22
Exponential growths always slow down eventually.  Also, Dollars transacted is not a particularly valuable metric, since simply shifting around large amounts of coin can make it seem like transactions are happening.
@_date: 2017-02-17 03:10:47


Another way of saying that is that you don't want to face the problem now, you just want to ignore it and kick the can down the road for someone else to solve.  And you're welcome to that opinion, but it will never be the majority for a large group trying to be conservative and do the right thing always.


Again, your opinion, you're welcome to it.  I think it is far more important that Bitcoin adopters face the reality that there will always be a an economic cutoff where less valuable data doesn't belong on-chain.  Getting people used to an unsustainable philosophy would have them build the wrong technologies and businesses and make the wrong assumptions about use, and then make this fight even more difficult when we run out of time to fix it.


Growth would give benefits, but stability in the system and long-term thinking would also give many of those same benefits (legal status, cultural perceptions, economic value, steady and reliable adoption, etc).  Jumping to larger blocksizes just because we want it now isn't necessarily the best way to get there.
For the record, I tend to agree that blocksizes will need to go up, but only after we've figured out ways to manage the space and data requirements (that currently build cumulatively *forever*) and after we've created a solid plan regarding fees.  The first step is to accept that jumping the gun would be bad, and that the blockchain is never the right place for $5 coffee transactions to be.




Fee-market was referenced and specifically designed by Satoshi, but you don't seem to like that part now that we're here.  Satoshi also knew that Bitcoin had scalability limits and would never be able to handle a monstrous volume of hundreds of billions of transactions per year.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:25:56


Why don't you go over the numbers and tell me where I'm wrong.  If you can show it and discuss it we can find how to really solve the problem.
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:56:23
Ugh, isn't that the truth.  Arguing with 9/11 truthers is so incredibly frustrating. lol
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:20:14


Miners don't need a bazillion nodes to relay blocks with each other.
You are 100% correct.  Glad someone else gets it.


Care to relate why?  I used to strongly support small blocks, but working on significant amounts of estimates and math have changed my mind, primarily because if transaction fees rise and node operational costs don't, it isn't hard to see transaction fees costing more than node operational costs - which prevents home users from wanting to run nodes anyway.  I'm now convinced that balancing the ratio between rising node costs and transaction costs is the only way forward.
@_date: 2017-02-22 21:35:06


2023 - 2017 = 6 years, also $120 is roughly what I'm seeing on Amazon, not sub-$100.  But that isn't the point, more importantly another one gets filled again the next year.  And the year after that.  The year after that it gets full every 6 months.  And the year after that, it gets filled every 4 months.  So by that point you'd need 8 of them.  Of course hard drives are getting cheaper and larger... but extrapolating from current rates(with no blocksize caps), by 2029 the largest regularly available hard drive(about 75TB) won't be able to store the blockchain anymore(85 TB).  The fundamental problem is still the same - We're growing significantly faster than the technology is, and the only limit on our growth is when small transactions get priced out by fees.
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:20:30
Bitfury, our largest mining Segwit supporter, would also be fucked and ruin their company.  It's not something we would want to do unless a last resort.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:10:37


That's because there's almost no way to measure it and confirm or deny the claim, so it is very easy to throw it out and sound like you know what you're talking about, and also very easy to dismiss it as garbage.
There's some solid indicators of opposition to BU specifically, but generally when core supporters throw out the economic majority soundbyte they are referring to small-blockers and BU are referring to big-blockers.  There's no evidence that the "economic majority" favors small blocks or no blocksize increases and substantial evidence that a majority wants a better blocksize increase than just segwit.  But people claim it anyway.
The argument between BU and "core suppoters" has gotten ridiculous.  The true debate is about rising node costs versus rising transaction costs with valid points on both sides, but everyone is too busy throwing poop.
@_date: 2017-02-17 20:36:27


I'm just as flabbergasted by the viewpoint that all transactions deserve blockchain space and that people want to force that behavior on the network in a hurry so they don't have to pay fees.  That's essentially like saying "YOU must store and serve MY data for as long it takes for someone else to solve the ancient-data syncing problem securely, but I'm not paying for it" to all current and future node operators.
That said, I'm inclined to agree with a more pragmatic approach.  I do believe blocksizes must get bigger eventually.  But the reason for that can't be in order to eliminate the fee market and encourage a poor understanding of Blockchain scarcities and costs.
There's two big problems (in my mind) that must be considered (and probably solved) to enable blocksize increases.  The first is the fee market problem.  This is a silent, unpredictable killer that will give no warning before striking; It would be the tragedy of the commons if we got 51% attacked because everyone wanted cheaper transactions.  Fortunately this is a solvable, calculatable problem.  The amount of profit an attacker could make by shorting is effectively (bitcoin_price * num_coins_shortable * panic_price_drop_percentage); The cost of doing a 51% attack works out to something close to (total_miner_payouts * bitcoin_price * time_period_X), where time_period_X is most likely 2-5 years, roughly the usable lifespan of the hardware (not counting technological obsolescence).  Since bitcoin_price is on both sides of the equation, it can be divided out and then we solve for total_miner_payouts.
The miner costs are complicated to calculate for quite a few reasons, but the value must be roughly equal to or less than (but not substantially less than) the formula above, the only hard part is working out how many years end up being considered for bitcoin miner builds in the future.  The number of coins shortable is also difficult to calculate - How far could a motivated investor with unlimited funds drive a short position on the exchanges until there weren't many trader coins to be shorted?  But if I had to guess, I'd say with leverage and other exchange gimmicks they could probably hit a short position of at least 5% of the coins in circulation.
And how far would the bitcoin price drop if we were 51% attacked?  Who knows.  20% seems low to me no matter how stable Bitcoin had been to that point; 50% seems likely, and 95% seems possible.
At any rate, if you plug in optimistic, more risky numbers, lets say 3 year hardware lifespan, 5% short, 30% drop, you get: 310k coins profit for short, over a 3 year lifespan that's 284 BTC/day in fees minimum, about double the level fees can sustain today (With people already crying foul about $0.25-ish fees) and a number we reach by 2033 if fees stay at ~140btc/day total.  Also note that since I've dropped out btc_price, the fees per transaction would be very much higher if the bitcoin price went higher.  If we plug in conservative, highly secure assumption numbers - 2 year hardware lifespan, 10% short, 70% drop you get: 1,300k coins profit, 1800 BTC/day in fees **minimum needed, a number we would reach in only 4 years**.  That's very not good for our security.
All the above calculations do would be to provide a minimum BTC/day that fees need to reach in order to discourage a financially motivated attack.  How we get to those fees is up to us.  It's fairly logical to assume that if blocksizes were increased substantially like people are asking (2mb +SW or 8mb or more), fees per day would drop like before when there was no backlog of transactions.  That doesn't mean that small increases, or incremental increases, would reduce fees/day, they might increase it - it is difficult to say.  I do however think it would be reasonable to clamp block size adjustments (in code) against the miner payout ratios at each difficulty change.  That would automatically give us blocksize increases when we can safely do so.  That brings us to problem 
The second problem is the scalability problems of having 7 billion humans on earth, all of whom would probably like to transact at least once if not multiple times per day, not to mention corporate cash movements, trade movements, etc etc.  Even if fees were not a problem, those numbers could very rapidly increase faster than what anything but specially engineered nodes could handle.  7 billion people at one transaction per day is 48 million transactions per block, 81,000 transactions per second, and ~48 mbyte/s of data.  But wait, it gets worse - When transactions are broadcast, every peer who first receives it passes it on to all 8 of their peers unless they have already passed it on.  So a 600 byte transaction is received, then re-sent 7 times, then received a lets say 5 more times.  Then it gets mined into a block which is received, then re-sent 7 times, then received another few times.  So a 600b transaction is actually ~15kb of send/receive data, so 81,000 transactions per second would be ~9.7 gbit/s of data, approaching levels of total internet bandwidth available to some entire datacenters.  **Plus** the bandwidth of sync requests on full history nodes.  *Oh, and 4 terabytes of data a day*.  Obviously 7 billion people transacting on Bitcoin isn't going to happen soon, but my point is it isn't going to happen ever, because more people will want to be on the system than the system can possibly support.  They must be off-chain.
So where do we draw the line, and when?  I'm going to be conservative and say that unless we create a mechanism to discard ancient transaction data entirely (without affecting syncing security), I think we shouldn't fill up more than 25% of a standard hard drive over 4 years(lifespan of that hard drive).  At current rates( 144mb/day blockdata, 2tb hard drives available reliably) we fill up 10% (210gb) in 4 years.  So with current hard drive sizes we could have 2.5mb blockdata safely - enough to do either segwit or 2mb but not both, and we'd have to re-evaluate in 2-4 years.  I have no idea how such a setting might be adjusted without manual code intervention though.  If we did have a mechanism to discard ancient history data entirely (note: this would damage the proofofexistence.com use case), that could be more aggressive, maybe 25% of a standard hard drive every year so 10mb of blockdata.
Note, in all of the above I'm talking about on-chain data.  Lightning networks reduce but don't remove on-chain data requirements.  Third party services will be needed for Bitcoin to scale to everyone.


I don't think Satoshi ever considered the implications of what would happen if everyone really wanted to use it at once.  He was a cryptography guy and an economics genius, not a large-scale systems engineer.


Markets don't really have specifications... But the above is my attempt to place it where it needs to be.


Pruning doesn't use checkpoints.  All of the transaction data is still sent and received as normal, it just isn't stored on the pruning nodes.  When someone wants to sync they have to find a non-pruning node to do so.


The growth of Bitcoin year over year has been tremendous.  Price historically is on track to double every year.  VC funds are pouring in as they did in the dot com beginnings, companies are cropping up everywhere.  Everyone I meet now at least knows of Bitcoin as opposed to 3 years ago, and they're curious.  Number of users is skyrocketing no matter which way you look at it.  I don't think it is unreasonable to expect that we've out-scaled reasonable hard drive space for full nodes by 2022 if we had no cap on transaction rates and low fees.  10mb blocks would 100% max out many low-end home broadband upstream connections, and I don't even think 10mb will be sufficient to keep the fees down by ~2022.  We can only keep it reasonably functional with caps, and the only reasonable caps that keep us going for another 8+ years will have fees that will remove some use cases and some poorer populations.


I don't see how you conclude that.  Nearly all of the news is positive for Bitcoin lately.  The only thing I can imagine is that you think a different coin is going to wave a magic wand and make the raw data and scaling issues go away(without being insecure or centralized).  All I can say to that is good luck, altcoins.  Ethereum for example is already 60gb without state pruning(still 11gb with) and is only just 2 years old, and practically no one uses it for anything real yet.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:45:44
Fiat value drops out of the equation for a 51% + short sale attack.
Concept explained here:
Math and some re-explanation here:
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:54:16
Right, but why is segwit an either/or instead of an and?  Segwit won't even get us through 2019 before blocks are full again.
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:03:48
Since you don't bother to read I wouldn't expect you to know this, but this conversation was specifically about on-chain transactions.
And transaction volume correlates linearly with bandwidth except in your delusional world where lightning == magic.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:18:10


It's incredibly wasteful.
It is also the only thing we've got for the time being and immediately foreseeable future.
I would push harder for a solution for that (which, I believe, may be solvable) but it isn't even the first limit we hit... Bandwidth usage on nodes is the first limit we hit, and I don't believe that one is solvable without compromising security and decentralization. :/


Sorry for jumping the gun then, so many people here are.  I'm trying to change the dialog by getting people to see how bad the math works out for us.  Once the dialog changes (away from the "OMG THE FEES!") then real discussions about the scaling plan can happen.
@_date: 2017-02-14 00:05:45


Right, and I'm not saying that.  First though people must give up the idea that bigger blocks will somehow magically make the math work.  The math will never work; Their $5 coffee transactions don't belong on-chain.
Sidechains?  Maybe.  Lightning network?  Definitely if service providers (like banks) create inter-connected channels and aggregate thousands of transactions into a small number of links.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:31:09
This.  They did not say Bitcoin can't meet their requirements.  They said it is too early and not stable enough to be safe for individual investors with a low risk tolerance.
That's what pretty much every analyst said too, and what we expected.  It just means we have to be patient, follow the laws where applicable, and try again.
@_date: 2017-03-28 07:53:27
This logic is exactly why Core hasn't done anything about the blocksize issue, and exactly the kind of logic that will let Ethereum overtake us.
Without compromise and consensus, Core will do nothing, as they should.  BU sucks, but the proponents of BU do have valid concerns and their opinions and concerns DO matter.
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:14:45


How could a government possibly change the inflation rate of Bitcoin under any scenario, much less one where the only difference is that running a node costs more so they are run by a wide variety of businesses, nonprofits, high net worth individuals, and early adopters in a wide variety of countries.  How could a government change a damn thing?
@_date: 2017-02-21 21:54:44


Still introduces the possibility that hard drive speeds or bandwidth are the culprit.  I'm not sure how to isolate CPU from those, though. :/  And then once you do, how do you compare one CPU's performance versus all of them to determine what tx/s any given CPU will be able to process?  Complex problem
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:25:48
They won't be on-chain.
@_date: 2017-02-17 21:30:02


If they limit enough, the value will be constrained at a point that gives at least some group of adopters a viable adoption path.


The only way to do this is to build and support third-party off-chain solutions.  There's too much data to ever fit it all on the chain.  Trying to make the chain bigger just ignores the fact that the chain is never, ever going to be big enough to keep doing what you want it to do.  Off-chain services can and must.
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:54:35
Since you like math, here's some math about the 4mb or 8mb ideas you propose.  The conclusion is that they will change absolutely nothing(small-fee use cases will still be priced out of on-chain space within 2-3 years) and the resource requirements on nodes will be immense because of the false theory that Bitcoin can be used to pay for $5 coffees on-chain or third world unbanked users, or microtransactions on-chain.  It can't handle those things.
If we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - even with an absolute bare minimum amount of peers. Also of note, a full node with default settings today consumes 1.5+ TB a month of bandwidth, well above ISP Bandwidth caps by itself.
This chart I made estimates the resource consumption of the various blocksize proposals out there:
 (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth, same estimates used as above)
There's no limit to this growth, either.  Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:48:26


It will eventually become that, or don't use Bitcoin for small transactions. The massive global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no other choice.  The scales involved are so massive they are difficult to conceive.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:26:48


That's not their conclusion nor is a Bitcoin ETF an impossibility with what they described.  They said that a substantial portion of the trading activity must take place on regulated exchanges that are capable of signing and enforcing surveillance sharing agreements.  If an exchange complies with AML regulations, including the bitlicense and every state's money transmitter rules (or nearly every state, they weren't specific) it would count as regulated.  Some of the foreign exchanges that do enforce AML rules thoroughly are capable of becoming regulated(Bitstamp).  The Chinese exchanges might become possible, but the lack of regulations on trading there might make it difficult to sign/enforce the required SSA.
Its going to take a lot more time, that's all.  Bitcoin is a patience game, not a sprint.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:00:09


That isn't what Bitcoin can be used for in the long term, sorry.  Satoshi got it wrong, Satoshi wasn't an expert in large scale computing systems, just economics.
Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
You might think those numbers are a long ways off, but they aren't.  A full node on default settings today consumes 1.5 TB/mo of bandwidth; To put that in perspective, the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap is 1TB, and many users in Australia can no longer run a full node with default peers on their broadband connection, it isn't fast enough.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:03:20


This is a false dilemma.  Bitcoin can serve the people who need high security by those people running nodes at a higher cost.  Bitcoin can serve almost everyone else by increasing blocksizes.


Other altcoins making better choices about layering security or offering different levels of security for different users is not "non-secure."  Its just better.  If we don't choose better, they will, and so will the users and markets.
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:54:21


If developers were omniscient and could accurately predict what the ideal solution would be for our entire future, they would have already done so.
The best blocksize limit for Bitcoin is a conglomeration of factors (and some subjective opinions) that cannot be available for any such algorithms to make decisions on.  A solution with inputs from the real world is needed, but without allowing such a system to be exploited by one group against another.  Here is my proposal for a system that aims to accomplish exactly that:   I'd like some thoughtful feedback if people have the time.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:57:19


If you ever decide you want to sync the blockchain from the genesis block, I'd support you being able to do that.
Its almost never needed with some basic checkpointing processes, just like reading the code isn't needed before you run it.
@_date: 2017-02-15 10:44:04


Ah, the folly of your math dude.  You are completely missing the orders of magnitude at stake here.  Block rewards will eventually become zero, but lets fast forward 19 years and the daily block rewards total 56.25 btc.  460 billion transactions @ 1c gives about $11 million USD per day.  If bitcoin was processing that many of the world's transactions, the total market cap would likely be on the order of $1 trillion, comparable with USD.  With a 56.25 btc/day block reward, you'd be trying to secure a $1 trillion dollar asset with $13 million USD a day in rewards+fees.  In very rough numbers, that works out to about $4 billion in total mining hardware protecting the network ($9 billion over 2 years, roughly the usable lifespan of the hardware, with $5 billion going straight to electricity costs).
Put another way, if someone were to short bitcoins with leverage by just 10% and then perform a 51% attack that reduced the price of Bitcoin by 20% in panic selling, they'd profit $20 billion.  So if they completely wasted $9 billion doing a 51% attack to cause a panic sale, they'd ONLY be doubling their money in about ~9 months.
If transaction fees are anything even close to 1 cent and bitcoin isn't nearly worthless by 2036, I could walk into any unscrupulous investment group's office in the morning and get funding for a 51% attack by the end of the day.  It would be a no-brainer.  This is the fundamental problem people don't understand- You can't protect an asset like Bitcoin without substantial fees.  How substantial?  Roughly estimating by how much of the asset could be reasonably shorted, and how far the panic sale would drop, I get a minimum somewhere near 1000 BTC per day, total, in transaction fees + block rewards.  Which using the above hypothetical numbers works out to a much safer $47 million per day in transaction fees; Much harder to short and make a profit.


Bitcoin wasn't invented because it was more efficient; Those servers are far, far more efficient than we are - They only send transactions to the intended recipient(s), and they file them in only a few databases+backups, and they can safely delete that data in less than 10 years.  By comparison, we send EVERY transaction to EVERYONE who EVER joins the network and we store it FOREVER.  Our efficiency is laughably bad.
Bitcoin was invented because it can't be manipulated by anyone.  Trying to compete with VISA on the things VISA was specifically designed from the ground up to do is stupid.  We need to compete with VISA, and fiat currencies, on things they could never hope to accomplish.
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:53:35
I mean, there's some validity to that, not that they should be compiled in, but if the assert would have been hit in debug, anything past that point will be completely untested code and may also crash (or worse, allow coins to be stolen, etc... Without me knowing the specifics of what went after this assertion).
@_date: 2017-03-29 07:56:33


But it is... We already hit it, and fees began to rise.  Increased fees slows adoption, and for what?  To keep already-low node costs low?
When running a bitcoin node on a home broadband connection begins to become less viable, I will agree with being concerned.  With a few tweaks that the users can do themselves, we're far from that point today, approximately 1/5th.  (Carefully tuned node uses ~70 GB/mo of data; Most bandwidth caps, if applicable, are 1 TB/mo.  So 500gb/mo would be a point of concern in my mind, but 70 is not.)


I used to think this way too, very strongly.  Two realizations changed my mind.  The first was that I realized that no matter what angle I looked at the numbers from, hard drive space was never the controlling factor.  It costs less and scales better than bandwidth every single time, if the nodes even tried to store it at all.  It also don't scale so badly that a few service providers(i.e. blockchain.info) can't continue to provide a full history when required for at least the next 100 years - at any growth rates I considered.
Then I got to the bandwidth problem and it hit me in the face.  When I measured real bandwidth draw to check one of my calculations, I was off.  Like, an order of magnitude more bandwidth consumption than I calculated.  It took several more experiments, but eventually I figured out why it was so far off.
When it comes to the bandwidth consumption of historical syncing, we're already at the point where the blockchain is huge and new node sync bandwidth is a problem.  A node with default settings (133 peers, no pruning, listening) will burn 1.5 TB a month of bandwidth just today with 1mb blocks, particularly with a fast connection.  If a home user has a cap, that's already over most of the caps.  If they're in a datacenter, they're looking at over $100/month in just bandwidth.  As more users hit their caps or figure out why their bandwidth bill is so high, they will block syncing on their node - which shifts the syncing costs onto fewer and fewer other nodes.
The solution is simple.  We don't need to know about 10 million 2013 satoshidice gambling records.  We need a recent, trustable utxo to build from - we need history checkpointing.  Fortunately this doesn't require a hardfork or anything from core at all - Wallets simply need to hardcode in a reasonably recent checkpoint as the canonical starting point each time they release a new version.  So long as the checkpoints are at least a month old, and the wallet releases are trustworthy and sign their releases as they should, this won't introduce any vulnerabilities.  Especially if multiple different wallets use different checkpoint dates, it remains decentralized.
It isn't my ideal solution, but it is easy, pretty safe, and it would work.  I don't know of any other solutions that would work, and any arguable benefits from avoiding a history checkpointing approach are almost certainly not worth stopping Bitcoin's growth.
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:13:15


There is no single definition; Quantifying it, or even collecting data on various actors, is difficult and tenuous at best.  That said, there's no objective metric from the above that supports BU that I am aware of(users - btc vs bitcoin reddit activity, node counts, companies/exchanges - public statements on position, etc).  Miners only have as slight majority over segwit, and neither is even approaching a simple majority yet.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:17:25


Right, and this is why BU is screwed.  What I described is only a problem if miners act with near-unanimity and are also willing to attack the other fork.
Unfortunately the problem is a little deeper than that.  People keep talking about nodes and how nodes have control as if nodes were some sort of arbiter.  Nodes don't do anything except follow the longest chain and validate every transaction.  They don't reflect a vote, they don't reflect control.  They don't affect miners, miners could care less so long as the exchanges accept the miner's coins.  Total node distributions protect us from various attacks such as a segmented propagation attack, but otherwise don't matter for the network itself.  Nodes provide verification for the user of the node of their own transactions, but meanwhile they also sit there verifying everyone elses' transactions even though the node operator will never care about 99.99% of them.  Very wasteful.
Users needing low levels of security can validate their transactions with third party nodes and services, using multiple verification sources for strong security, and Bitcoin adoption(and prices) can subsequently rise.  Those rare transactions that truly need a paranoid level of security can accomplish that by paying to process everyone's transactions with a full node.  Everyone wins.
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:14:30


They are only overridden if the majority of votes agree with it.


The median miner vote is binding.  Miners are able to change the median vote by changing enough of the votes above/below/at the median.


Right, and the longest chain will practically never have blocks that are larger than the median.  That's what makes it binding.


If you have evidence or numbers to support this, I'm all ears.  Here's the numbers that show that Jihan isn't driving China to BU:
















But there's more evidence that the BU division runs deeper than you say.


You can assert all you want that the user numbers are all sockpuppet bot accounts, but without some evidence to back up that claim it is just a conspiracy theory.  Conspiracy theories help no one.  Without evidence, there's no reason to believe that user distributions observed are not reasonably reflective of actual user counts.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:24:38


Ordinary people can't use Bitcoin without compromising these libertarian ideals.  Blocksizes have to increase massively for there to be room for ordinary people.


The state doesn't give a fuck about something only 5 million people can actually use.  That's less than 3% of the United States.  Virtually any fortune 500 company could be more of a threat to "the state" than that.


No, Satoshi would look at the math and realize there's no fucking way Bitcoin can change jack shit when only 0.1% of the world's population can use it.  You want to change the world?  You have to balance the security that nodes provide with the usability that Bitcoin provides.


A bitcoin that no one can use will be supplanted by a cryptocurrency that people can use.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:23:41


Market forces would be incredibly broken for this.  The market for such a thing has absolutely no reason to factor in the costs of running a full node, nor does it care about making the network vulnerable to attack(until after it is too late - the tragedy of the commons).
The transaction volume desired by the natural progress of Bitcoin and the world is simply far, far too large to keep the fees low enough for all of the desired use cases.  It can't be done.  Our transaction volume has been growing by 65% per year for 5 years, 80/81% the last two.  Scaling up, here's the data on how much various blocksizes would consume resource-wise, and how long we could last before reaching the cap under various blocksize proposals:
  (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth)
Of note, if we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and that 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - completely by itself.  Also of note, a full node with default settings today consumes 1.5+ TB a month of bandwidth, well above ISP Bandwidth caps **by itself**.
There's no limit to this growth, either.  Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year*($8,000 in just hard drives)* = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth*(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing)*.  All of that is just to run a **single** node.  At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) **within 5 years**.  Worldwide tx growth*(+8-10%/y)* is not far behind bandwidth*(-8% to -18%/y)* and hard drive*(-14%/y)* price decreases, and our tx growth*(65%-80%/y)* is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
Low fee transactions won't make the economic cutoff and people need to adjust to reality.
@_date: 2017-02-17 06:05:19


So you think it would be better to let everyone get used to the idea that Bitcoin can be used for something that it actually cannot, and let them build businesses and services around an unsustainable idea, and then yank the rug out from underneath them 11 years from now?
Wouldn't it be better to begin pushing them in the right direction now so they can adapt?


Sure it does because the markets are not free to choose the optimal solution right now.  Nodes bear the expense of the resources as much or more than miners, but get zero reward or vote for doing so.  Markets only make good optimal choices when the motivations are in place for them to do so.  Right now the miners motivation is to only increase capacity as far as they will have totally full blocks, because as soon as blockspace isn't scarce, their income declines.
Individual motivations are much worse right now.  They could give a damn less what it costs some other guy to store their transactions 10, 20, or 100 years from now.  They just want to get their transaction through without feeling like they had to pay to do so.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:27:39


Your wealth is entirely based upon the speculative guesses of traders trying to guess which crypto-currency will become the king.  When they guess otherwise, none of us have wealth.


You do realize that if hodlers start selling en-masse, those who didn't sell in time are fucked, right?  Why would you encourage that?
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:17:30


This is not true.  Nodes are not the arbiters of Bitcoin, miners are.  Bitcoin is a blockchain, and only miners add to the blockchain.  If there were a fork with 100% of miners on one side and 100% of non-miner node operators on the other side, and both sides attacked the other, the miner side could completely halt the node fork while keeping their fork operating, as they are nodes themselves.  This could continue until either the price crash bankrupted miners, or until the node operators capitulated or defected in large numbers.  If the node operators eventually bankrupted the miners, they will also have destroyed nearly all the value of their coins.
BU cannot do this, even 25% of miners could keep the node fork operating until the BU miners were facing bankruptcy, but it would still be extremely painful for both sides.


They are only able to do this because Bitcoin pits miners against miners.  When it isn't miners against miners anymore, the entire concept breaks down.
@_date: 2017-03-30 04:12:23


You should know that your "totally unqualified opinion" amounted to the most thoughtful and reasonable feedback I have gotten yet.  And the rest of your comments indicate that you have a better grasp on most of the issues than most of the "experts" I've been trying to talk to lately.  :(


Based on your next sentence, I'm assuming you mean that the magic numbers will be disputed on both sides, not that the magic numbers are wrong?


Yeah, but they'll know who to talk to, and it won't be the developers or threaten a hardfork anymore.  That split is precisely the goal simply because it already exists.


Well, there's only one metric to pick - the maximum increase.  Everything else is calculated from that.  I don't know that the metric I picked is right, but I tried lower ones and the numbers couldn't keep up with my high estimations for what we might need at certain times.  The safest number for this system is the one that is as low as it possibly can be without shooting itself in the foot.


54.53mb, actually.  100mb would take 8 years 2 months.  But still... imagine it, 8 years of 100% unanimous voting by every single miner.  Making something that unanimous happen would require either a pretty powerful need, or else a broken system entirely.  The real point of the proposal is that such a thing couldn't happen, but big blockers could tell themselves it would.


No, it is almost impossible to predict with Schnorr signatures planned.  That should help with the validation time substantially.


As I've discovered in the last few days, that's exactly the problem.  The big blockers could probably side with it, but ironically this strategy will most likely favor the small blockers more than most of the other proposals.
Unfortunately, there's simply far too many people that either don't understand the heart of the debate - node operational costs vs transaction costs - or refuse to accept that a blocksize increase is a desired and beneficial outcome for everyone.  I'm focusing my effort right now on trying to get people to think of the debate in terms of that simple ratio, node operational costs vs transaction fees.  If that was the debate, maybe the discussion would become more rational.


That was exactly the question people asked at the time.  History proved that the answer was exactly what many people feared - That the company generally made more money selling the miners than they would have if they hadn't sold it.  Many customers lost money, probably most.  It is the same concept that keeps cloudhashers in business.


DING DING DING.  You got it.  This is exactly the reason that the SEC had to deny the Bitcoin ETF.  When shit like that happens in the stock markets, sooner or later they catch the guy and its off to jail for insider trading or other securities fraud.
Bitcoin has no such protection, and may not for a long time, if ever.  It can and will happen, it is unfortunate.


A lot of people here think BU is a front intended to slow down, not increase, block growth.  I think that theory is pretty wack, the vast majority of BU people, including the leadership, seem like true believers.


It doesn't really affect it one way or the other.  It just tries to balance the vote of people who think Bitcoin benefits from lower transaction fees versus the vote of people who think Bitcoin benefits from easier node operation.  There's no other choices, and the voting process is far too slow for anyone planning an attack to consider using.  They'd have to wait half a decade to accomplish anything.
Thanks so much for the feedback.  Really appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:10:00
Objectively quantifying it is difficult.  FYI, I get very[ frustrated with people who spout]( this off from the core side too.
That said, there are a number of objective metrics that make it seem that core/segwit has a lot more support outside of miners.
1. Core has a larger and more active group of developers
2. More bitcoin-related businesses support core/segwit than BU
3. More exchanges seem to support core/segwit, though comments are sparse
4. has far more subscribers, online users, comments, and posts than BU.
5. Until Jihan/Antminer, BU didn't have a higher hashrate, and the hashrate is only barely higher.
But there is no objective metric which makes it safe to conclusively say x% of "economic" use supports core vs BU.  Making the problem more difficult, more than 25% of the network explicitly signals segwit, which (assuming no defections) makes it almost impossible for BU to reach even 75%.  A fork of 75%/25% - particularly if the 'economic majority' was even more divided than the hashrates - would be extremely destructive to Bitcoin and would cause the price to crash for both coins.  Miners (on all sides) would become unprofitable within hours, as they are budgeting and planning around the current/predictable saturation points, not a price 60+% lower.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:14:46


Today it can.  Next year it maybe can.  5 years from now, it cannot.  Microtransactions have to be settled off-chain, blockchains are too inefficient.
@_date: 2017-03-11 20:37:44
Itbit still works, for now
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:44:57
Ethereum can't do it either, they're just so small that they don't have to deal with the problem right now.  Ethereum's problems will be worse, as they have general computing and data transfer load on top of transactional loads, and they don't have a hard limit that forces them to slow down and talk about the problem.  Ethereum's full blocksize history is already over 66 GB in less than 3 years(albeit with better pruning), and ours is only 110GB after 8 years.
There's a theoretical discussion about sharding (either for Bitcoin or Ethereum).  That's really the only hope for small fees on-chain.  If we could implement sharding without losing our decentralization, or exposing ourselves to attackers or data loss, then there's a chance that Bitcoin or Ethereum could do it (same chance either one).  Unfortunately its all theory right now, and it doesn't look very feasible, or secure.  Reading the discussion about it smelled like speculative bullshit, i.e., no one has any idea how we could implement sharding without being insecure or having data loss.  Without sharding, there's no way, for any single blockchain.  See more numbers I wrote here: 
@_date: 2017-03-10 17:33:02


I think 2mb + 17% per year would be glorious and could go longer than 32mb.  Based on our price growth, I think we could do much more than 17% (but not enough to sustain our unchecked transaction growth).
Unfortunately, that's not the option we landed on because people couldn't agree on the HF.  They created BU in an attempt to provide a long term solution.  I think their original motivations may have been well-intentioned - Many people agreed we needed bigger blocks, but no one was making it happen.  At heart, the theory is somewhat sound... It lets people specify what cost level they are ok with for their node.  As price goes up OR as technology improves, nodes can specify what they will accept and other nodes must balance their desire for larger blocks against what the network is willing to accept.  To me, that's (theoretically) better than a flat 17% increase, which is really just our best guess as to what the technology and the price can sustain, a guess that could be wildly off from reality and would require yet another hardfork to fix.
But that's just the theory.  In reality, as you've pointed out, the approach creates vulnerabilities, and the willingness to hardfork without overwhelming consensus is a huge threat to Bitcoin.  I don't necessarily have a better approach.  Maybe if there were two votes tied into the blockchain and network- a vote by miners that represents their maximum blocksize vote, and gets averaged over the last 1000 blocks up to +X%(40%?), and a vote by nodes on what blocks they would be willing to accept/propagate without them being mined over to a depth of N (2? 3?  not 12.  lol, and no gate opening bullshit).  If any blocks are mined that are larger than +X% of the last 1000 block average blocksize vote, they are invalid and not accepted by any honest nodes period.  If any blocks are mined that are larger than +40% of than the node propagation votes that peers are seeing, the blocks won't be propagated or accepted unless mined on top of.
I dunno, maybe grasping at straws with that.  It is a hard problem.
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:58:51
It is a big threat to everyone.  Miners are jumping onto BU as a solution for scaling, but the users, businesses, and developers are not.  That's a big problem.
If BU forked Bitcoin, the price of both coins would tank, and the miners who brought about the fork would become unprofitable within hours.
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:02:51




Oh, hi, you again.  Back to talk out your ass some more I see.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:55:24


Both sides are preventing a block size increase.  The blocksize will not increase until consensus is reached.  Both sides carry a share of the blame.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:42:19


What is the math that defines a safe percentage, can you explain that?
Why are pruned nodes considered as providing less safety than full nodes?  Is there some math on the ratio there?


What do you mean?  How do you know this is happening?


This backbone could not censor individual transactions so I don't understand why anyone would have an issue with this.  It would only allow an attack against certain pools, who could already be attacked by an cartel orphan attack without any such backbone.  The backbone hurts nothing.


Because the price is being held arbitrarily down by - you guessed it - the blocksize debate.


I cannot fathom how you got this - I'd love to see the numbers.  Are you even aware of the problems associated with user operation of lightning nodes and user lightning relay risks?


Well that's good, we agree there.


In other news, poop still stinks.  More at 11.


Because one group of people have an an irrational fear of miner behavior, they've been a spoon-fed a fairy tale about how lightning is magic and has no drawbacks, and they have a poor understanding of the future relationship between future node costs, future transaction fees, and bitcoin's competition against altcoins.


Because it was far, far too small and had no abilities to self-correct from a mistake in judgement.
@_date: 2017-02-27 03:25:39






The chart is calculated theoretical bandwidth consumption with absolutely minimal peering (8 peers), no syncing peers, and no optimization of broadcasts.  The real bandwidth consumption is significantly more difficult to calculate, but every time I've measured so far it has been above the numbers on the chart.  I'm actually still measuring to get more accurate numbers, it is just several days per measurement and there's a lot of variance (Based upon people connecting to my node to sync, which is a real-world problem that shouldn't be forgotten).
The 1.5+ TB/month is what I measured for my node under real-world conditions @ 133peers (default settings for Bitcoind).  I also measured 2.5 TB/mo at a different point.




Sure, but to give a realistic comparison, extrapolating from current rates(with no blocksize caps), by 2029 the largest regularly available hard drive(about 75TB) won't be able to store the blockchain anymore(85 TB).  I extrapolated that from the $ cost of the largest regular hard drive I could find on Amazon (8gb / ~$240 if memory serves) to a $240 worth of hard drive in the future, and compared that versus the total blockchain storage requirements. The fundamental problem is still the same as implied without the extrapolation - We're growing significantly faster than the technology is, and the only limit on our growth is when small transactions get priced out by fees.  And I don't think we want to limit node operators to only uncapped fiber connections - Whole countries and maybe continents/regions will have few if any nodes in them.
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:59:22
Lol.... we haven't been able to get any blocksize anything in nearly 3 years.  The 12 months that segwit will buy us is definitely not enough to get anything done.
@_date: 2017-03-07 04:57:37
So... Why not both?  Like I said to someone else, it is a false dichotomy, the choice should be both (or else segwit + another blocksize option)
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:05:16


This doesn't address the problem caused by our own growth though.  The blocksize cap needs to be increased every single year unless both technological cost reductions and the Bitcoin price are stagnant.  If either price goes up or technological cost goes down, bigger blocks will be needed and justifiable.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:38:00






Name something Bitcoin could do that Ethereum could not also replicate almost identically.
@_date: 2017-03-28 01:35:38


For sure, I concur 100%.  Though miners on the BTC fork are also going to suffer, badly, as both prices will drop (though not equally).  Mining is not a very profitable venture, despite what people may think.  A significant drop in price puts many miners out of business within months.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:18:58


Bitcoin is a conservative financial instrument.  We have to plan for the worst and hope for the best.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:51:26
Almost no one has any answers for this question as far as I have been able to find.  Yet they are willing to hold back Bitcoin's future value and usefulness at an arbitrary, extremely low level to satisfy their philosophical theories.
@_date: 2017-03-28 01:27:45


I don't disagree with any of what you said about BU, but the core problem is that there's very limited ways for any software to gather guesses from the user base.  Node voting is completely vulnerable to gaming and therefore unreliable.  Transactions could vote, but it would involve extra data being appended and would also become a money-votes approach rather than people-vote.  Miners could also disfavor transactions that vote in a way they do not like.  Extending block creation to add voting is a natural concept because it aligns closely with why we need mining in the first place.  It does become vote-with-your-electricity, but it is already balanced to avoid all vulnerabilities except the 51% attack.
I'm curious what you would think of my proposal here, which tightly constrains miner voting to get the guesses: 
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:37:06


There is no w/e means.  No proposal or plan anyone has presented changes the facts about the scaling numbers.  There's simply too many people on earth for every one of their transactions to go to every other person's home on the planet, or even a 1% of them.


That's the limit if we rely upon a basic home broadband internet connection.  Schnorr signatures don't change the math substantially.  Lightning offers a different set of features and problems than Bitcoin, and can't address the core issue.  Segwit doesn't change the math.  If the limit for worldwide transacting is a $70/month home user's internet connection, then 5 million people sending 30 transactions a year(and businesses subsequently aggregating them for use) is the limit.  That's 0.1%.  Sticking your head in the sand doesn't change the facts.


Describe to me, exactly, what you mean by this.  Because maybe I'm confused, but I don't understand how a vague idea like that could be worth killing Bitcoins' future over.
@_date: 2017-03-24 00:29:29


Blockchains solve trust problems, not storage problems.  Blockchains are an incredibly inefficient, shitty way to store data.
@_date: 2017-02-17 04:18:20
No, we only have 11 years until the block rewards put us in some danger of a financially-motivated short + 51% attack, and 19 years until the fees become significantly less than current transaction fees/day (2036).  That's not a very long time in the timescales it takes to prepare and plan for a major shift.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:26:00


I hate to break it to you but Bitcoin is a pure speculation machine, whose only value is that it was the first crypto-currency.  If it isn't also the best, it gets shoved aside.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:52:29


Because BU is a minority and overall a bad idea.


Citation needed.  Segwit has nothing even resembling a majority in any hard numbers I've looked at.


This is a bullshit theory not supported by evidence.  It is literally no better than the BU bullshit theory about core being controlled by blockstream fat cats.  I wrote this [here]( 
















I'm wide open if anyone can show numbers backing their assertion that BU is just a few big chinese miners colluding.


He's wrong.  That's not at the heart of the blocksize debate, that's what results from all of the anger and bullshit theories being thrown around.  The heart of the blocksize debate is optimizing the ratio between node operational costs and transaction costs for everyone's benefit.  And the sooner that everyone understands that that is the ultimate choice being made, they'll be able to evaluate the pros and cons of each side.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:10:04




Inherent in your viewpoint is the assumption that miners interests necessarily must differ widely from the average user's interests.  I'm not positing that you are 100% wrong and the reverse is 100% wrong, but I do believe you are mostly wrong.  I welcome anyone who can provide statistical, empirical, or game-theoretical data showing that the difference between miners positions and users positions (on this issue) is so large as to be a critical flaw.
Quoting something I elaborated on to Goatping [here:](








I fully agree that there is a difference between what miners want and what users want.  But the miner voting both today and over the last two years demonstrates to me that miners have nearly as much disagreement about what to do about the problem as users.  That disagreement - and ample amounts of time - is all that is needed to make my system work.  If you have something to back your assertion that that faction's decisions will differ so widely from users, lay it on me so I can abandon this idea and go back to the drawing board.


Your sentence here describes a very real problem but then goes on to imply things that aren't true and draws a conclusion that isn't matched by reality.  Yes, a near monopoly on asics is a problem, but for miners, not for users.  Jihan has investors and partners that he must answer to and cooperate with.  More importantly, customers have the thing he wants and needs - money - as much as he has the thing they want and need.  Manufacturers must make a prediction of future demand more than three months in advance to place a chip order and other component orders.  If they guess too low, their profits are lower, making it harder to recoup the investment from chip design investment before it gets technologically eclipsed, and they give competitors an opening to clone their design or retake market share with a different one.  If they guess too high they are stuck sitting on a product that decreases in value every day but can't even be sold for what it costs to finish building it.
At times, they would have some leverage over customers, but they become the beggar when the price shifts against them.  A chinese monopoly does represent an increased threat of a possible 51% attack by a government.  But that has no effect on my proposal as it requires sudden action and changes, and there's fuck-all that can be done about it.  It was bound to happen - Why do you think both GPU development and CPU development have consolidated into a duopoly, nearing monopoly, in the past 30 years?  It wasn't from lack of effort or competitors.  Its the nature of chip design's extremely high barriers to entry and long timelines with often punishingly high failure rates and losses.


As proof of both of the above, I point to BU signaling and China.  As of Sunday when I wrote the proposal, Chinese specific pools had 61.3% of the hashrate, yet BU has never broken above 42%.  The second largest chinese pool has basically said they will block BU, and the third largest actively signals segwit!  Those two are larger than antpool.  Going even further, of the 8 pools signaling support for BU, only half are actually chinese!  There are 9 chinese pools and less than half signal for BU.  If Jihan can't even wrangle in the people in his own country in line, what makes you think he's going to be able to strongarm every single one of his customers?  That's some twisted logic right there man. 
Moreover, check [slushpool's statistics](  By your logic the overwhelming majority of users of a non-chinese pool should support core/SW.  If you notice from the real numbers, none of the options even have a simple majority - by users OR by hashrates.  Only if you add in "pool decides" with the assumption that they really meant core do you get a majority, but even then 13% of users and 19% of the hashrate still votes BU but mines to a pool that doesn't support BU!  A further 17% haven't voted at all.
All in all I see absolutely no evidence that Jihan has control over anything except his own pool, and also no evidence that China supports something the rest of the world does not.
This sub and rabid anti-BU fans like to promote the idea that BU is supported by just a few very powerful people, but none of the numbers match up to that theory, including users online.  Yes, BU appears to have a minority, but no, their minority is not just a few crazies, they have at 15-40% of the community supporting them, and that's enough to prevent core from choosing a side.




Your assumption - that it will - is equally large, but my position is backed by all the statistics I dug up above, plus two years of miners signaling conflicting things.
If you still believe I'm wrong, prove it to me.  Find the numbers.  I've completely changed my mind before(from pro-smallblocks to pro-bigblocks) and I'll do it again if you can prove it.


Jihan does not control investors(Which McAffee is not), nor does he control buyers.  Both sides have a say, and the level of say they have in the matter depends on the bitcoin price.  Given that, ultimately that aligns Jihan completely with you, and everyone else in here- We all want the price go up, but he practically NEEDS it to go up.  He also can't turn around and sell his coins to buy ethereum the way you could, it doesn't work like that.


They're already penalized - price.  Most miners can't ROI without price increases.  Historically, the vast majority of miners would do better just buying bitcoins- including GPU miners and manufacturers.  That's actually how a number of the cloudhashing companies still running today function.
I can't add any penalties larger than that or else the BU people will rightly object that you're just blocking the potential for bigger blocks and refuse to compromise.


The protection is time.  Putting the delay in terms of years requires not only that miners get a majority or supermajority to effect changes, they also have to *maintain* that majority or supermajority continuously for YEARS for it to matter.  If miners do something that hurts the price, the miners with the lowest profit margins are going to jump ship immediately.  Even if coerced by Jihan, having difficulty buying future miners is nothing compared to the possibility of going bankrupt.  That aligns miners incentives very closely with both users and Bitcoin's.


If this isn't possible it isn't because no idea would work.  It'll be because neither side could come up with a compromise that both sides could swallow.  And we're all fucked then.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:58:22


Because the negative impacts of it are highly debated in many circles?
And actually, they do not allow it, it has been illegal since 2009, so not sure what you're getting at.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:20:07


Pot, meet kettle.
@_date: 2017-03-23 23:13:07
I used to believe that core math at the top.  I don't support BU at all, but I believe that core math is flawed.
The problem comes because we price the cost of operating a node in dollars.  If we instead priced the cost of operating a node in terms of Bitcoins per month(Currently around 0.01BTC/month), the problem nearly evaporates and suddenly reasonably low-fee transactions become viable for a very long time.
The alternative is to continue to think of node operational costs in terms of dollars per month, until no home users bother to run a node anymore because 1 month of node operation costs the same as sending one transaction.  Either cheap transaction users will get priced out of blockchain space, or they will get priced out of full transaction validation; The latter is a lot better for Bitcoin than the former.
@_date: 2017-03-28 01:40:44
There are other ways for the numbers to be entered that don't punish downvotes and reward upvotes like BU's approach.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:27:50


Which maths would you like to see?  I've worked this out in several spreadsheets.  The easiest to conceptualize is the following:
Our transaction volumes(cost increases) have been growing by 80/81% a year for the last 2 years, absolutely astronomical growth.  Technology improvements(cost reductions) have been growing by ~8-18% per year.  The small technological improvements growth rates get completely and totally overwhelmed by the extremely high transaction demand growth rates.
Waiting for the transactional demand growth rates to level off won't help us because global transaction demand outside of Bitcoin is growing by 8-10%/year for the last 5 years; That's barely higher than technological improvements (8-18%/year depending on whether you look at bandwidth or hard drives).
So if we add nothing, we're fucked and can't meet the transactional demand.  Adding in the bitcoin price increases levels off the problem entirely; Bitcoin price increases averaged over the last 5 years have been +44% per year.  When you add in technology improvements to bitcoin price increases(52-62%), we get within striking distance of the transactional demand growth(65-80% depending what range you look at).  Assuming that we only consider hard drive and bandwidth costs and using Amazon EC2 top-tier bandwidth prices (both don't reflect the full picture, but in tandem they roughly approximate how nodes may need to be operated in the future) I get this for the operational cost of running a node if blocksize was allowed to grow at 60% per year:
It would be much more accurate if I could actually pin the blocksize increases to bitcoin price increases, which is fundamentally what the spreadsheet assumes.
Making some more assumptions, I tried to approximate what level of transaction fees this would result in if fees remained absolutely sufficient to protect Bitcoin against an economically-motivated short+51% attack(roughly speaking I estimate that as we need ~1000-2000 BTC/day in fees+rewards, long term.  The +rewards part causes the sudden increases in fees required to protect us.).  This works out very nicely when compared against current fees in terms of btc, though it does indicate our current tx fees are too low.
Note that if we don't increase the blocksizes to fit in more transactions, the transactions that do fit have to shoulder and ever-larger proportion of the burden required to pick up the slack as block rewards decline; I'll show this at the end.
This scaling works out nicely when compared with the worldwide transactional demands, assuming +10% per year growth:
The transaction fees required - at minimum to protect the Bitcoin network against a 51% attack - get super duper shitty if we don't increase the blocksizes:
If we discard the entire theory and assume we wanted to increase blocksizes to keep up with transaction demand AND keep pricing node operational costs in terms of dollars, the numbers also get shitty, fast:
I also made this chart (before, when I supported small blocks), that shows how various proposals compare against our insanely high transaction growth:
Let me know if you want to know more about the formuals, assumptions, and numbers that went into these.  In short, the growth rates were all based upon trends for as far back as I could get relevant data, usually 5 year trendlines.  4years of transaction growth is +65%/year; price growth is +44%/year.  Hard drive price decreases works out to -14%/year; Bandwidth ranges between -8%/year for some areas and -18%/year for others according to the data I have been able to find.  All of those numbers assume we have segwit for +1.75x the blocksize, and the bandwidth numbers assume roughly 10-25 peers and used numbers that lined up (in rough terms, there's a lot of variation depending on people syncing from me) from actual numbers I measured from my node with various numbers of peers(133 is default max, I also tried 15, 25, and 75 peers over several days each measurement).


Right, but for many businesses, their revenue increases as Bitcoin prices do.  Among those would be exchanges, miners, blockchain explorers, and early adopter investors for whom 0.01 BC/month is trivial over their entire lifetime.  Further, new businesses join the ecosystem as bitcoin prices/tx volume increase, generally with substantially larger budgets for things like running a node.
@_date: 2017-03-23 22:33:38
lol :)  All forgiven
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:41:30


Eventually the decision will be that, or else Bitcoin transactions are outside the budget of the vast majority of humans.  We cannot choose both.






Can you define this or provide any actual numbers or examples of the fear you are talking about here?


I'm not talking about short term.  If I was, Ethereum's already &gt; 25% of Bitcoin's value, so yeah it matters.  But even long term, there are simply too many humans on the planet for dinky little home internet connections to receive all the data.
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:53:58


No physical limit, the limits are cause and effect.  If blocksizes were totally unchecked (as necessary for microtransactions), the number of nodes will drop as the cost of running a node keeps going up.  Eventually miners have to plan datacenter like bandwidth and infrastructure just to run a node for their own mining, and meanwhile the network becomes incredibly vulnerable due to the few nodes; Running a fake attacker node would be significantly cheaper than running a real node.  Trust in Bitcoin would decline, and the price growth and adoption growth would stall or decline, assuming a more catastrophic attack didn't happen.
Once prices and trust in the system begin to fall, stopping the collapse would be difficult.  If the system went back to the point where few people used it, it could support microtransactions again, but who cares at that point?
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:23:42


They generally can't agree on anything.  A significant portion of the pro-segwit category actually favor zero scaling at all, they just think lightning is a magic bullet and hate BU.  I don't know how significant, but I have seen it.
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:27:02


I actually believe the same about nodes.  In the distant future, most users will not run a node nor will they need to.  You are right that that represents a possible vulnerability, and you are right that prevention of attacks is needed.
But the prevention of the attack isn't the end goal, it is just a minimum requirement.  Small node operational costs has a serious cost: High transaction fees (meaning lower adoption, meaning lower Bitcoin prices for everyone).  Letting an alt-coin shred Bitcoin's first-mover advantage because they better balance node operational costs versus transaction costs would be us shooting ourselves in the foot.
The right balance is sufficient protection against the severe attacks, strong security for transactions that need it, and as much tx volume as possible for everyone else with reasonable security for their needs.  If we don't get the balance right, another alt-coin will.
@_date: 2017-03-28 06:26:21
Thanks, will do in the morning (night doesn't seem like a good time due to reddit's aging algorithms)
@_date: 2017-03-28 06:25:39


Without any checks?  It requires a majority to move the needle at all, and allows any dissent to slow growth to a crawl.  If the segwit miners voted small and BU miners voted big, and the rest abstained exactly as is occurring today there would be no growth increase.


The balance comes because miners, just like users, have shown they can't agree on anything.  The safeguards come from time.  To even equal the growth rates observed for bandwidth costs, 63% of miners have to agree.  Even if 90% of miners agree, they have to continue to agree for more than a year before the numbers begin to become different.


Algorithmic approaches all suffer from the "magic number" flaw - The proper size growth rate depends on price, adoption, software and layer2 improvements, technological improvements, and miner/node distributions.  None of those variables are things that software could read out of the blockchain state to determine the next new state - the data has to be put in by a person somewhere.  Miners can provide the data, and miner disagreements provide the protection.


A lot of people don't like that idea, but a lot of other people hate any ideas that ignore miners.  If both sides don't compromise, altcoins will win.
@_date: 2017-03-24 23:13:10


8mb blocks have the following costs as best as I can estimate.  (I'm assuming 8mb without segwit here for simplicities' sake, but I'm pro-segwit).
There two major variables that I tweak to get these estimates, so I'll give you the rundown for both.  See below for my other assumptions if you want to check the math.  The first is the growth rate of transaction demand if the blocksize was increased, i.e., how long will 8mb blocks last us until we're facing the same problem?  Our growth rate over the last 2 years has been high - +80/81%/yr.  Our growth rate over the past 4 years was a very high but "more reasonable" +65% per year.  I got this by comparing months of previous years, and picked 4 years because prior to that the growth rates were absurd triple or quadruple digit growth year over year.
With the 65% growth estimate, 8mb blocks will last us until early 2021 and then we will be full again.  With the 80%/yr estimate, 8mb blocks will last us until early 2020.
The other big variable is how many times a given transaction must be relayed across the network before being mined, to determine the bandwidth needs.  The math on this gets complicated because my results are both far too low(extrapolating from some bad-case real measurements) and somewhat too high(extrapolating from best-case real measurements), and there's nothing in the math to resolve the discrepancies.  Basically, at minimum each transaction must be sent and received once in a perfectly optimal broadcast network.  Perfectly optimal is not achievable, so realistically that number is something much greater than 2 but less than $NUM_PEERS (as I found), with more weight on the sending bandwidth.  8 peers is somewhat risky for network security; 16 or higher should be fine.
But the problem isn't so simple.  New nodes must sync, and they must sync from someone else on the network.  Those peers bear an inordinate amount of the bandwidth requirements.  Moreover, some transactions get broadcast multiple times (replace by fee) or never get mined at all, which isn't reflected in the above estimates.  The primary concern comes down to bandwidth usage per month at this point; Hard drive sizes (covered below) are less of a concern, and raw bandwidth speeds aren't much of a concern until well after bandwidth usage rears its ugly head.  Based on 16 relays per transaction (~8 peers, 1 relay per peer for original tx, 1 relay per peer when included in block), I got 70 GB/month of bandwidth usage.  Then I measured my node and got 1.5 TB/month of bandwidth usage.  My node had the default settings of 125 maximum peers, which is far more than is needed to minimize bandwidth usage.  So I re-ran it with 24 peers and got 100 GB/mo.  I restarted it again with 24 peers and a small downtime delay and got 40 GB/month (measured across several days).  So the numbers were all over the place.  I restarted it with 75 peers max and was back on track to 1.1 TB/month.  I restarted it with 15 peers and got 57 GB/month.  The numbers varied a lot, but my 16 relays per TX estimate came out in the ballpark of what it should be for someone trying to conserve bandwidth with minimal peers and/or pruning to reduce other nodes syncing off them.
So converting that to 8mb is simple math. 8 mb blocks comes out to about 1.1 TB/month of bandwidth(320 GB/month for minimal peering/syncing, ~9 TB/month for someone supporting node syncing).  Currently many ISP's are applying a 1 TB bandwidth cap across the U.S., and we wouldn't reach that point for another 3-4 years, so the median estimation is most likely going to be tolerable for nearly all broadband home users, and the minimal peering estimation is acceptable to most even today.  Bandwidth speed required is fairly reasonable, ~1.7 mbit/sec to keep up; many home users can get 10 mbit/sec up to 50mbit/sec today, so that shouldn't be an issue.
Hard drive usage turns out to be a much smaller cost.  At the 80% tx growth rate, we will hit about 1TB of total bitcoin history data by 2020 when the blocks get full again, and add 420 GB/year of data after that.  At the 65% tx growth rate that is one year later.  Hard drive prices/capacities are declining by about 14% per year over the last 5 years, so in 2020 a 16 TB hard drive should be purchasable for about $240, and most home computers will come with a 3-4 TB hard drive.  If hard drive space is a concern, turning on pruning is easy and also decreases bandwidth usage(noone can sync full history from you).  Hard drives in the $100 range will add ~1 TB/year of additional space without increasing price, so 420 GB/year of data after that shouldn't be a concern either, even if running a full history node.
I haven't evaluated CPU requirements, but schnorr signatures should help with that drastically, and it is difficult to get usable, clear-cut data on CPU usage.  In terms of the cost of running a node if you converted the requirements into EC2 costs, storage of 8mb blocks in 2020 is a very small cost compared to bandwidth ($3.25 vs $26.10, per month).
Other assumptions:
1. I assume each transaction is 600 bytes.  Schnorr signatures can reduce that by approximately 25% if you wanted to assume that(by reducing multisig weight).  The 600 byte number is based on recent transaction sizes; in 2015 they were significantly smaller, likely due to fewer multisig transactions.
2. For growth, I started with 2016's total number of transactions(86,740,437) and extrapolated linearly at $GROWTH_RATE
3. Assumed a bottom-end computer comes with a ~$50 hard drive and a top end hard drive is ~$240, linearly extrapolated.  This matches historical numbers I have been able to find.
4. For EC2 bandwidth costs, I assume bandwidth costs drop by 10% per year.  In just a few years it doesn't make a big difference though, but this does match the historical estimates I have been able to find for BW cost declines(8-18% depending on location)
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:05:42
Yes, lower prices for everyone, that's just what we need!
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:40:00


At a certain point if we don't increase blocksizes continually, it is going to cost a consumer more to send a transaction than it costs to run a node.  At that point, the system is broken.  The solution is to peg the desired cost of running a bitcoin node at a low number priced in Bitcoins; As the price rises, the blocksize should be increased commensurately.  That'll keep the transaction fees down at a number where at least 50-100 tx could be sent for the cost of running a node.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:07:27
There's no single exchange that is licensed in all 50 states as a money transmitter.  The license method that Itbit and gemini used is being disputed by some states.  Bitstamp had to block Washington state residents rather than try to comply with Washington State AML rules, and now Kraken has announced the same thing suddenly.  Bitfinex isn't licensed in WA state and won't serve WA state residents.  Coinbase isn't in Hawaii and won't serve Hawaiian residents.
The Chinese exchanges had practically no AML policies until the recent PBOC actions.  What the SEC wants to see is a situation where the transaction volume worldwide goes at least in large part through exchanges that don't have these spotty legal compliance issues and that can follow anti-manipulation laws to prevent front running and price manipulation schemes.  Right now only Gemini fully qualifies and even that is a stretch (see: Texas refused to allow the license that was supposed to count for all 50 states; some other states are considering the same thing).  Coinbase, Bitfinex, and Bitstamp can get there but have a lot more compliance work to do.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:35:41


I'm a little surprised they didn't do it beforehand, but I guess it is hard to know how heavily the SEC would have weighed that issue.
If the major exchanges worldwide formed a proper SSA and began following rules designed to prevent price manipulation, the ETF could be approved soon.  The biggest problem would be Chinese exchanges where regulation is very sparse and not consistently enforced.  Bitstamp, Bitfinex(?), Coinbase, Itbit could probably meet the requirements relatively soon.
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:22:24


This is a very short term problem and would be solved quickly.  Nonissue.






True, true, and true




Short term problem.  4-8 weeks is not a very long time.  Moreover, more miners will get off the fence and improve the hashrate of the SW side.  That said, transactions being confirmed on the wrong fork will present a problem.  A UASF could only be achieved if, just like the exchanges insisted of BU, the UASF implemented bi-directional replay protections.


Of course exchanges will permit miners to cash in from both sides, just like they will from BU.  That's obviously going to happen.  But exchanges don't determine the price, demand for coins does.  That's the big unknown, since no one can say with certainty which fork buying demand will follow, and how much.


Your conclusion does not follow from your facts in any stretch of the application of formal logic.  Your conclusion barely even relates to most of your facts.
Changing PoW is a high risk maneuver; It is gambling that the damage done to every mining company and everyone who owns a miner, and the long term faith in Bitcoin's stabiity, is less bad than the damage done if we don't change PoW.  Right now those aren't even in the same ballpark, changing PoW would be nearly catastrophic compared to doing nothing.


It would more likely be the day that Bitcoin went the way of myspace and a different crypto-currency pulled a Facebook.
@_date: 2017-03-10 07:45:05


BU won't be annihilated for weeks or months.  And worse, they're going to bring down both coins in the process.
Ironically, the miners are going to crash the price for everyone and ruin their own mining investments - If there is a fork, nearly every miner will be unprofitable within days and remain so for months.
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:10:53
Lets say your argument is sound.  (It seems sound and probably is, except that it would be easy to add a weighting to the gate to prevent the massive leap in max blocksize, and also it would make sense for the whole consensus - BU or not - to cap the maximum transaction size at like 500kb or something to stop that  n^2 attack.)
What do you suggest for the process for increasing the blocksizes?  Segwit will only solve the issue for less than 1 year of tx growth, and we're far below the maximum blocksizes that would be practical for current technology, esp as tx fees*price eventually approaches $1/tx.  Any single one-time cap increase would still have the same problem, just a little later - We need a continually increasing blocksize to match the price growth(reduces effective node operational cost compared to tx fee usefulness) and technological advancements.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:00:44


Markets don't care for political or philosophical beliefs.  You want Bitcoin to go to the moon and supplant a huge portion of the financial system?  You need something to be usable by a lot of people.
If Bitcoin remains a Libertarians' wet dream, it will be replaced by a more practical alternative that serves both needs.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:58:54


Care to give me your opinions on this proposal here? 
It attempts to balance miner disagreements against eachother, and makes things move as slow as molasses when there isn't widespread agreement among miners.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:47:33








This is stupid logic.  It is like saying Bitcoin has no protection from attackers because of the 51% attack.  The BU voting system is imperfect and you can disagree with how the economics are likely to work out all you want, but they do have an economic blocksize determination system, just like Bitcoin has an economic 51% protection.
The core of the assumption you are making is that miners interests are inherently and almost completely distinct from and in opposition to users interests.  There is no evidence that that is true - the vast majority of miner interests line up perfectly with user interests, especially in the long term view, which miners are forced to have moreso than users.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:03:48


So get us some better data instead of bitching about it.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:37:32


Right you are, but in the absence of extreme needs for security, which almost no users have, there are many viable alternatives that have strong security but shed the extreme costs of archiving.  The end result could(and hopefully, will) end up balanced between the rare paranoid users who trustlessly bootstrap, the frequent users who balance security against practicality by checkpoint-syncing a full node, and the majority of "users" who trust external validators but utilize Bitcoin's inflation-protection and other advantages for small transactions without a need for high security.  Some of that majority of users might not even be aware they are using Bitcoin due to third party systems layered on top.  That's the best of all worlds, serving each user as their needs dictate without selling them something they don't need.
If Bitcoin doesn't do it, someone else will.  They might even drop the trustless high security option entirely and destroy Bitcoin's valuation anyway.


Trusting a wallet provider's release is a pretty low bar.  Do you read the code changes of all of Bitcoin before you download and run a new version?  If you do, you should stay in the extreme trustless full-sync group, but there's less than 500 people on the planet that fall into that category.  If you don't read the full codebase &amp; changes before running software, you've already broken trustlessness.
@_date: 2017-03-04 08:13:48


Well I mean...
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:33:07


Super common.  Mostly, people massively underestimate the costs involved with the electrical distribution and with dealing with the exhaust heat miners produce.  Summer is hell for miners except those near the poles.  Every part of electrical and mining infrastructure is sensitive to heat buildup.
Moreover, since Bitcoin mining can be viewed as the ultimate money laundering venture, I personally encountered miners who reacted indifferently when I showed them they were going to be mining at a loss - The purpose was turning cash or one type of asset into freshly minted Bitcoins, and they expected to pay a price to do that.
That logic completely fucks over any miners who are trying to operate at a profit- How do you profit when others are literally willing to throw money away?
There's some shady fucking people in Bitcoin mining man.  Ugh.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:54:26


Only if Bitcoin prices are shit or we're willing to endanger the whole network.  Extrapolate from current numbers in any direction and you get there or worse within 10 years.  Don't extrapolate and you can stick your head in the sand.


Hardly.  Have you factored in the capital cost of multiple hubs needing to maintain +50% capital funding chains and 5 or 6 nine's of uptime?  Have you factored in the massive chance of loss of a node going offline at the wrong time?  Have you factored in the cost of transaction fees to broadcast to the blockchain to resolve defections and network failures?
Also unlike Bitcoin, LN fees will scale with the size of the transaction.
The only way LN remains that cheap long-term is if Bitcoin prices stagnate almost completely, or if we increase blocksizes and LN is used only for very small transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:54:12


Only if they are mined over to a specified depth.  Statistically that means the median chain will win a majority of the time before that depth is reached.  Game-theoretically that means that the median chain will ignore the oversized block nearly every single time, because those who mine on top of it are almost certain to be orphaned, even if they trigger the sticky gates.
The sticky gates are a poorly-thought out vulnerability, but as a voting system it would actually run.


You claim this, I claim that during any price decreases he's completely at the mercy of any buyers who are willing to buy, not the other way around.  You might be right, he might do something irrational like that, but you'd need to back up that claim.  Right now I can go on Bitmain's site and buy miners without specifying my philosophical leanings.


There are plenty of explanations for this.  Namely, a person could support BU but be fully aware that actually trusting their money to that buggy piece of shit would be stupid.  They would plan to run a proper BU node as soon as it is relevant to do so.
It would be interesting to look at BU node numbers and find a way to work from that to a support estimate.  Where the node is run is not convincing estimate - many people run nodes from AWS.


Do you have data on this?  I would actually be interested.  It might reveal something the other numbers don't.


Right, because traders aren't stupid, they know BU is going to get fucking obliterated if they fork without 80+% of the hashrate, and getting that level of support looks extremely unlikely.  I'm actually surprised it isn't sub $50 with how lopsided their chances are.  That doesn't really indicate a lot about whether the traders philosophically like BU or not, money doesn't care about their opinions, and opinions don't pay bills.
I'm not saying that isn't a good reference, I'm just saying it isn't conclusive.  Shit, $200 vs $1000 would indicate BU has 20% of community support, and that's within the range I estimated.  The fact that it isn't much lower indicates to me that BU support runs even deeper than 20%.


That sounds much more like Roger behavior to me.  Still wouldn't change any of the evidence I mentioned that BU support runs as deep as 15-40% across the whole community.  On the contrary - Roger or whoever spammed btc would be more willing to do such an attack if they were a true believer in their cause, and felt that their support ran as deep or deeper than the other side's support. That's why they blame core devs exclusively and think the devs are controlled by blockstream - They feel their support is so strong that it is a bunch of paid shills on your side that are the false front.  They don't listen to reason about the weakness of their position any more than you want to.
@_date: 2017-03-31 00:53:05


Please, tell me how?
The nodes would be spread all over the world.  Some companies would have anti-government leaning management very opposed to any censorship.  Some would be run by early adopter Bitcoiners.  Some would be run by tech nonprofits like the EFF and Wikipedia.  I'd love to see the government try to force the lawyers at the EFF to do something they didn't have to do.  They'd probably get their letter mailed back with a shitstain on it.
Some would be in China, Europe, South America.  What could a government possibly do?
Nodes don't decide anything.  Governments influencing miners is a bigger threat than nodes, as miners could decide to blacklist addresses much easier than nodes ever could.  Nodes just follow the longest chain.  So what do you think a government could possibly accomplish with such a diverse group of nodes run in such a globally distributed pattern?


Neither example is mutable.  Miners make the determinations, nodes follow the miners.  Miners are under far more risk of centralized government action than nodes ever will be, but that isn't changed by the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:41:44


That is blatantly false.  Core's inaction is a result of core seeing that there is no consensus, not that core is favoring one side in the debate.  If core pushed for blocksize increases instead of doing nothing, a different faction would rebel and seek to create "RealBitcoin" to fight with core.
BU is exacerbating problems by combining an idea that has some merits with shitty code and tons of mudflinging and conspiracy theories.  None of that helps us move forward.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:40:58
That's not a half bad suggestion if we could figure out exactly who needs to come to agree.  Clearly Jihan or Roger Ver from the BU side, but who are the strongest, most influential proponents of small blocks?
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:22:17


@_date: 2017-03-07 04:57:48
So... Why not both?  Like I said to someone else, it is a false dichotomy, the choice should be both (or else segwit + another blocksize increase option)
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:21:29


That comment, or the moronic shit that goes on driving the conflict?
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:31:46




The alternative is that either transaction fees priced in dollars will grow to ridiculous levels - possible nearly $100 per transaction within 10 years if trends hold - or that our price growth will stagnate until an altcoin can truly surpass Bitcoin.
The massive global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no other choices(Except moving everything off-chain, most of which also requires trusting big businesses).
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:41:50


Yep, but Bernie was very smart.  Nearly everything he did was focused around one goal - Making sure that nobody thought he was actually up to no good.  He spent huge amounts of time and money schmoozing the right people and covering his tracks.  He only gave out returns that appeared to be quite reasonably achievable.  Almost no one knew was was really going on.  For two of his accountants(Friehling and Konigsberg, at minimum) both the prosecutors and the judge concluded that they did not know what Madoff was doing.  How do you catch someone like that?  It is very difficult.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:09:49


Core has a scaling plan beyond Segwit?
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:32:49
I'm not disagreeing, but if something is that obvious and should motivate market action, it should be quantifiable in hard numbers.  How could we do that?
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:27:19


If you perfectly divided all non-miner nodes into one group and all miners into another group, the miner group has an unbeatable advantage over the non-miner group - they still each have a node and relay amongst themselves.
The miner group could completely halt the block production of the nonminer group anytime they wanted, while keeping their fork operating.  Nodes would be forced to defect back to the miner fork.
Bitcoin is a blockchain.  Miners are the only ones who ever modify a blockchain.  Nodes just listen and facilitate propagation and price growth.  Valuable, yes, but not controlling.  This argument doesn't extend to BU, as BU could never get the supermajority required to reliably shut down the non-BU fork without shutting down their own fork, and the economics would massively reward any BU miners who defected.
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:12:18
8MB blocks are fine.  I say that even though I was originally very opposed to 8mb blocks.
I would prefer a solution that permanently addresses blocksize increases, but barring that, 8mb is superior to where we're at now.  BU is not that solution.  8mb will give us until 2021 before we cap out again, and established a precedent that it is ok to increase the blocksize when done carefully.  If anyone wants the math on this, let me know.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:51:09


Not true for hodlers, exchanges, miners, other financial services, etc.  Yes, this will eventually preclude small and medium businesses from validating transactions themselves on-chain, but they will already be precluded from doing so on-chain by transaction fees.  There's no middle ground, either they give up transacting or they give up validating without outside help.  The massive global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no other choice.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:50:18


Ok, well I don't know what to say except that you're completely wrong.  BU does in fact have tools to raise or lower the maximum blocksize.  Whether they will work or have the desired effect is clearly debatable; Their existence is not.
BU does have a blocksize limit.  Anyone wishing to prove otherwise by mining a block far in excess of what the network would accept would pay a hard price for their refusal to understand basic concepts.
You could argue that BU's system is likely to tend towards any given limits being raised again soon after and thus having effectively no limit, but that is not the same thing as saying BU does not have limits.  One is factually wrong, one is a debatable flaw of BU's approach.


BIP 100 is a far more sensible approach.  BIP 100 is a voting system.  Those two statements do not then mean that BU has no voting system.  You could argue that the votes are somewhat arbitrary, or that they are ineffective, or that they aren't a fair voting system and probably be right.  But if someone wanted to prove that BU has no blocksize limit by creating a 200 MB block when the median was voting for 16mb, ignoring the votes would not change the fact that their "block" would do absolutely nothing except to cost them money.


Miners aren't stalling shit.  The community can't come to consensus.  The community can't act until it has consensus, and neither the miners nor core nor anyone else can change that fact.  The result of trying to force it is mutual destruction - hence the price plummeting when Jihan began signaling for BU.
You shouldn't blame miners for a problem that isn't unique to miners, and BU proponents shouldn't blame core developers for a problem that isn't coming from core developers.  That just pisses people off and extends the conflict.
@_date: 2017-03-30 04:23:27
Also just found this:
Supports my assertion - BU support is a significant 23% of the Bitcoin community across broad swathes.  Interestingly, segwit support was stronger than I expected.  At least 5% of those who want BU also want segwit activated.  Big block support is higher than small block support, but not a majority, and not by much.
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:30:03


Lol... they will do the impossible?  BU relay protection isn't hard to write, the problem is BU may not accept it because it would allow for transaction volume comparisons, and it would likely be laughably bad for them.
@_date: 2017-03-24 00:49:22
Ah, my bad, I assumed they were doing more than just payments on-chain.
Still, Bitcoin isn't going to be able to scale to microtransactions on-chain, no matter what we do.  There's too many people on earth and too much data.  I think we can keep fees low, but not low enough to facilitate tiny transactions on-chain.
@_date: 2017-03-09 16:48:24
FYI, I've since changed my position on this.  I worked out a lot of math on it, and the big thing that changed my mind was that we assume that an everyday home user should be able to run a bitcoin node in the long term.  That's not practical and is short-sighted... If we restricted ourselves to just everyday home users' node resource limits, it will absolutely drive fees up much like our arbitrary block limit is doing now.  Fairly quickly it will cost more to pay 1 transaction fee per month than it costs to run a node for a month - at which point it becomes apparent that home users would no longer have any need or desire to run a node that costs less than a transaction fee to run.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:38:18


I think you have a very distorted perception of mining profitability.  I did it, boots on the ground, for the last 3 years, in one of the lowest electricity cost places on the planet.  I've seen dozens of bitcoin miners and hosting operations completely fail and go bankrupt, and seen almost none actually turn any substantial profit, and no "dozens" is not an exaggeration.
Absolutely none of the operations I saw gained a larger profit than they would have had by simply holding Bitcoins.  The same holds true for the hardware manufacturers when I examined their cost structures and profit margins.  Even the most successful hardware manufacturers - Bitmain and Bitfury - Would have earned more money by simply buying bitcoin and holding than they would have by doing as they did.  Worse, if you aren't the successful 2, nearly every other manufacturer is bankrupt and ruined many that put in their funds, however that was done.  Mining fucking blows.
The only possible exception to the above is Bitfury himself, who through massive luck or genius, had access to a chip of such efficiency that it took everyone else over a year to catch him; That does not hold true for anyone who invested in Bitfury or his chip, they would still have been better off buying BTC and holding(unless they bought at the previous mtgox-driven peak, of course).
All that said, I don't really disagree with anything else you said.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:42:44
Also, it doesn't need to be - and won't be - an extreme jump.  Reaching that point takes years and years and requires real adoption - and value increases.
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:17:25


I'm very argumentative, but luckily have learned to keep my mouth shut until I can back it with numbers.  The numbers show some interesting things for both us and traders (and I'm sure the traders have figured this out already).


There's some truth to this as I found, but it is neither plain nor simple.  Most of the difficulty vs price vs tx volume data is unusable for comparison because of the asic explosion or other confounding variables.  Even comparing after the MtGox wave bankrupted many manufacturers and miners, comparing difficulty to transaction volume from April 2015 through today shows a very poor correlation, likely due to asic efficiency leaps.
Even if we all agree that asic technological leaps will end, difficulty is still a function of too many things to provide any surety without years of further data.  For ease of skimming, I bolded the tl;drs below.  I've personally encountered almost all of these one way or another in my past mining business.
1. During the winter, many miners will **mine at a loss for the heat** for homes, something I've done for years.
2. Conversely, **miner hardware efficiency declines as temperatures rise**.  Seasonal fluctuations can't break the formula.
3. **A glut or shortage of energy production** regionally causes the average miner electricity price to rise/fall and could break the formula.  E.g. when Chinese energy transmission construction catches up with Chinese demand+generation, ~61% of mining farms today will be affected.
4. **Policy changes by regulatory / taxing authorities** can affect miners' willingness to mine at a loss (i.e., money laundering), and miners' own willingness to mine at a loss can vary with other unrelated worldwide causes.
5. **Government action** affecting miners disproportionately, i.e. Venezuela currently arresting and seizing miners to try to protect their subsidized electricity prices, Chinese crackdown on off-grid electricity purchase, Iceland having miners but banning Bitcoin, etc.
6. **General chip/CPU fabrication improvements uncorrelated with bandwidth** will still throw difficulties off from price increases, and chip fab improvements don't change bandwidth costs significantly.
7. **Unforseen innovations by miners** related to either miner operation or electricity sourcing may drive the effective average electricity price paid down.  Just as a recent example, Bitfury's liquid cooling is more efficient, and not tied to asic innovation limits.  Other possibilities include miners drawing directly off wind power turbines (major cost reduction in cheap wind generation) which would have daily and seasonal cycles or miners building small-scale dams in areas too remote to be viable for grid interconnection - likely to have unpredictable operation patterns.  Miners have been turning over ideas like this for years, and those that can be done will be done.
That's just a few things.  There's no telling what other things we might not even be able to envision yet might look like.  If difficulty ever does become a good metric to extract pricing information, we'll need quite a few years of data to even get the formula right.  But we don't have years before the current limit hurts our economic and adoption growth.


The second sentence is critically dependent upon the ability to correlate difficulty with price information, which won't be possible until we've had a few years of stability between the two.
It is true that demand could be deduced from fees, but there's tons of variables that go into the market forces there, so it even weakens our ability to draw usable conclusions from fee markets.


How does node health correlate with UTXO size?  I'm assuming you're starting from the assumption that utxo set size has a correlation with number of users and then assuming from there that the number of users then correlates with the number of nodes.  There might be some truth in that, but future human behavior changes are very likely to change the ratios for both assumptions - For example, Lightning may drastically affect the utxo/user ratios, and rising node operational costs are likely to spur development on better lightweight/non-validating clients/services, which would change the users/nodes ratios.  Software formulas would be unable to adjust for anything of the sort.
Even if the details of all of the above stabilized and we had worked out the correct formula, non-hardfork changes in software or even business/user behavior can affect node resource costs(i.e., compact blocks), or can affect node health(i.e., 99% of nodes pruning) or both(i.e., tight peering limits).  These changes would likely cause no big problems for us if we did not have a "correct" formula coded, but they would break the formula and require yet another hardfork to fix it.


I think the general concept is interesting and I'm glad you put it out there.  For example, initially I objected to the idea that transaction growth and price growth correlate, but as it turns out they did have a good correlation in many cases(Not near Willybot/MTGox).  Transaction growth actually leads price growth in the metrics I looked at, but only by days(traders figured this out already?).  Unfortunately, even if we could glean the formula out of it, I don't think it is anywhere near as reliable as an outside input via voting.


The average person is pretty stupid, this is well known.  But many studies have shown that the average of all people exhibits some almost uncanny accuracies, especially if the conditions are correct:
 (Book describing many specifics and when it breaks down)
 (The general concept that is studied)
If we wanted to truly leverage the [science on that phenomenon, we would need a system to hide the votes]( from other voters.  It could be done, but I find it likely that open votes would allow community influence/feedback loops to help offset another issue you raised: 


While it is obvious that miners interests do not align perfectly with the network's interests, I also believe that the interests of most users(short term thinking common, has exit options) do not align perfectly with the network's interests(very long term thinking, no exit options).
That said, I think there is a lot more overlap than most developers acknowledge.  Miners are far more bound to Bitcoin than the average user... Of the investments they have to make, hardware devices and chip design investments(sha256) are exclusively bound to the success of Bitcoin over a period of several years- They can't just go sell 20,000 miners tomorrow.  The strongest driver of ROI for them(indeed, the only one that guarantees a profit!) is the same one that drives most users thinking: Bitcoin price over the next few years.  Even when fees become the largest revenue source, price is still half the equation, and price fluctuations have the most potential for increasing revenue or destroying the investment.
Further, most miners also hold significantly more coins than the average user for far longer, as getting significant mining power at this point has huge barriers to entry.  They also have to make huge investments in physical land or long commercial leases, electrical/construction/cooling improvements, hiring and retaining skilled employees for maintenance.  They drive significant transaction volume as rewards go from pools to miners and then on to investors or sold for expenses.  They cannot avoid node cost increases the way users can and are severely punished for poor internet connectivity.
Literally the only point that differentiates miners from users is that users want the lowest fees possible, a point that sometimes also diverges short term users interest from long-term network interests.
I find it to be intellectually dishonest to look at the whole picture of miners' finances and argue conflict of interest as the most powerful factor.  I do think there are differences in interests, but especially when timelines are measured in years, and averaged over all miners vs all users, those differences are not disproportionately broken.  No solution is perfect, but I believe if you compared both average miner vote (when restricted and slowed down) and "idealized" formulaic error ala above, average miner vote would come out surprisingly close to hypothetical "perfect".  One is simple and can be done today, and allows for a degree of self correction for errors without a hardfork - The other can't be done until we get years more of data.


Did any of the above cause you to rethink any objections?
If nothing else, wouldn't supporting this proposal be a step in the right direction?  Right now it is shitty, unsafer BU vs 1.75mb one-time fork, and no one is winning.  Safer BU vs 1.75mb would be an improvement, and safer BU vs formulaic growth would be even closer to the goal.
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:43:32


Only if you think of node operational costs in terms of dollars.  In terms of bitcoins per month it is totally doable, as increased adoption will correlate with price changes.
Further, the are no protocol proposals that have any potential to change the problem.  Lightning is different from Bitcoin - Different advantages, different problems, including some serious new problems that don't exist with Bitcoin.  Schnorr signatures are a marginal increase(25%) but don't fundamentally change the math.  No one has worked out a trustless way to do blockchain sharding yet.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:18:08


This is only a problem if you imagine that we must price node operational costs in terms of dollars per month.  That's not a good way to think about node operational costs.  If we instead price node operational costs in terms of bitcoins per month (Currently around 0.01 BTC/month), blocksizes can scale up with price and demand globally very easily, and there will still be plenty of nodes to ensure decentralization due to businesses, exchanges, early adopters, tech-based charities, and others who wish to collect or watch blockchain data.
The alternative is that eventually it will cost 0.0005 BTC a month to run a node, but it will also cost 0.0005 BTC to send a single transaction.  At that point, no home users will run a node ANYWAY because why the hell would you?
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:24:13
That isn't what they said.  Bitcoin must be traded on regulated markets before they will allow the creation of a derivative that can be traded as a stock exchange ticker symbol.
That's not the same thing.  Gemini, for example, is a regulated market, and you can trade there today.  Coinbase and Bitstamp are almost to that point.  The Chinese exchanges at this time are not even close, which is the big problem.
@_date: 2017-03-28 01:18:24


Any algorithmic approach to blocksize increases works out to a magic number picked by developers.  Once they code it, they can't adjust it without another contentious hardfork.


There's no other ways to get the real variables that matter - Cost of node operation, adoption levels, fee-costs in terms of real world finances, technology advancements - into the code.  Another critical metric would be the node-health of the network against potential attackers and the economic health of mining versus the benefits of a 51% attack - both of which would be almost impossible for software to get data for.
Algorithms that blindly calculate without the necessary variable inputs are just magic numbers.
Here is an alternative that I recently wrote up and would appreciate feedback on, if anyone has time: 
@_date: 2017-03-28 22:02:48


I used to think the way you do now, for exactly the reasons you described.
You need to take your thinking a step further.  Yes, we cannot jam the world's transactions on the blockchain.  But the question doesn't come down to that.  The question is, how much can we get?
The answer works out to a simple ratio between node operational costs and transaction fees.  Both extremes are wrong.  For all the people purporting that node operational costs should remain as low as possible no matter what, not a single one of them has ever responded to the following: Bitcoin prices rise, technology improves, adoption increases -&gt; Capped node operation costs fall, transaction fees rise.  Within 10 years, a single transaction will cost more than running a node for a MONTH.  And then nodes will stop running because there would be no reason to.
"But but but lighting only needs a few tx per year per person" is the only response I've ever gotten.  Disregarding lightning's flaws and limitations(that no one here wants to discuss), he didn't respond after I pointed out that not only can current limits not allow every person in the U.S. to send even one transaction a year, it also won't allow every person on the planet to send one transaction in their entire lifetime.
To solve the problem we need the maximum blocksize we can get, and we need lightning/etc for everything that can't fit in that.  We need both.  That brings us to the ratio between node operation costs vs transaction fees.  That ratio is all the debate really boils down to, and both extremes are wrong.
@_date: 2017-03-11 05:27:19
I've had this name for years.  I'd prefer people to think critically for themselves about what I say, and/or going for irony. :)
Funny thing is I don't really like defending the SEC, they've always irked me... but a few weeks ago I sat down to try to read the comments and submit a comment to the SEC myself in support of Bitcoin.  After reading the comments, the filings, and thinking about it critically, I realized I couldn't submit any comments in support of approval because if I were in their shoes, I wouldn't approve it either.
@_date: 2017-03-28 22:11:00


It cannot function as designed without major increases in blocksize.  Right now it couldn't even allow every person in the U.S. to transact once a year, nor could it allow every person in the world to transact once in their lifetime.
Transaction growth is +80% per year for 2 years running.  In that time we've only had 6 months with negative growth month over month, and only one with double digits decline.  That's compared with 17 months of increases, 6 of which were double-digit increases month/month.  Your assertions that blockchain space is fine as-is is completely unsupported.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:48:42


Lightning has lots of other problems; there's a lot of misconceptions about what it can or can't do because people don't understand it.  Among them, it won't work for medium-sized or large transactions because there won't be a route for the coins and it introduces the substantial chance that you could lose money you put on the network simply by going offline at the wrong time(unless you don't act as a relay, leading to the next point), even if you never transact with the funds on lightning.
If users don't frequently operate as a relay, which they shouldn't unless they are willing to lose everything and 100% reliably stay online 24/7, then LN will centralize around hubs, and those hubs will charge substantial fees for their services.  It also requires all receivers to be online 100% of the time, unlike Bitcoin.  It also might fail to solve the problem for medium size transactions that can't route on lightning, but also can't justify the transaction fee for blockchain space.
Worst of all, LN still requires a lot of transactions to be put on the blockchain.  It provides a potential increase in the number of humans that can use Bitcoin, but at significant costs.  Lightning is far from an instant killer solution that solves our problems; It may help, or it may not, but it is hardly something we should plan our entire future around.


That's an efficiency increase, but it doesn't change the fundamentals of the problem - there's 7 billion people on the planet who want to transact, and that's simply an unbelievably large volume of data no matter what way you look at it.


What is this?
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:45:03


Gold has nearly 4000 years of trading history and reliable acceptance in one way or another in nearly every country on the planet.
Bitcoin has 8 years, and is widely and fairly criticized for being very difficult to purchase and secure.  Your point is not valid.


You're just angry and being irrational.  If you read the horror stories of the types of market manipulation fraud that lead to the creation of the SEC, mostly regular people being defrauded of their life savings through shady schemes by the same people over and over again, you'll have a little more understanding of what it is they are trying to prevent.  Then go and actually read the document they put many hours into writing and you'll get a better understanding of why they had to make the decision they did, and why almost everyone thought it wouldn't be approved.  Instead of just assuming all the commenters they relied upon were spitting bullshit, find the real numbers to confirm or deny what they are concluding.  If you find that they were wrong, for example where they said that less than 1000 individuals control the majority of all Bitcoins in circulation, then post it and it will help the next applicant to the SEC.
The SEC isn't obsolete.  They're doing their job, which is protecting unsophisticated investors from getting fucked over by the slimy, sneaky fraudulent fuckers out there.  You know, like pirateat40, MtGox, mybitcoin.com theft, etc.
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:41:06
From the tweets, he probably is.  The others probably realise it would be financial suicide.
@_date: 2017-03-23 16:45:39


I mean, they already found two collisions.  So either the math that counts is wrong, or there's a bug in someone's code, either of which are worthy causes for investigation.  So you're both wrong and a being a jackass.
@_date: 2017-03-31 06:31:39


The numbers aren't pretty, but they are definitely not that bad.  A single beefy server with a 1gbps link could keep up with 300% of the 2015 worldwide non-bitcoin transactions.  It wouldn't be cheap, but it would be a very small line item on the IT budget for most medium size companies, and a rounding error for companies larger.  Miners/pools wouldn't ever support a blocksize increase that made it impractical for even them to keep up.


No, markets don't give value to philosophies.  Philosophies don't pay rent.  The value is because of predicted future usefulness.  If the future usefulness doesn't materialize, the value will vaporize.


I like this idea as well, but there's no reason for us to arbitrarily constrain growth without a very good reason for doing so.  If node costs are balanced against transaction fees, we can have both.  If we don't have any blocksize increases it won't matter, because the blocksize is so small right now every person in america couldn't make a single transaction in a year, and every person in the world couldn't make a single transaction in their lifetime.  Maybe your definition of "periodically" is different than mine, but somehow I don't think once in a lifetime will cut it.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:54:28


This is a straw man argument.  The discussion linked is about future high node costs versus future high transaction fees.  Neither is more "mutable," one potentially offers more security and one offers more usability.
Different types of users/transactions demand different levels of security.  Bitcoin can serve both.  If it chooses not to serve both, it will be supplanted by an altcoin that does serve both.
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:05:59


Right, but by limiting ourselves to just the bandwidth and resources available to home node operators, we're also arbitrarily constraining Bitcoin's utility as a whole, and consequently, we're restraining its price.
@_date: 2017-03-28 02:01:12


I think it'll be worse than that, as the exchanges won't even list BU until they implement replay protection, so there will be no "price."  (Can't transact on one without accidentally transacting on both until they do).  The btc price will drop because of the split, and I think remain mostly unchanged after BTU coins are added to exchanges (traders will price in the fork damage to Bitcoin and also the split value, prior to BU having a price).




Hopefully under that proposal the miners provide that reevaluation input themselves.  It is in their best interest to make sure that fee competition doesn't cease entirely even as they increase blocksizes.


I have serious doubts about lightning.  I like it and I want it to succeed, but it seems to have a number of critical weaknesses that people gloss over in their enthusiasm.  Like requiring people to be always online to transact, and the possibility that a node could lose money they didn't even transact with if they go offline at the wrong time, which will lead to everyone using hubs, which will lead to lightning service fees.  It also has restrictive upper limits on whether large transactions can function reliably on Lightning by failing to find a route to the destination (or such a route simply not existing at all).  Attackers deliberately defaulting on small transactions + high bitcoin fees required to resolve those defaults could wind up pinning the minimum tx size on lighting close to the mininum blockchain transaction size as well. :(
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:29:02


Even if I believed them... Source?
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:55:56


Conspiracy theories help nothing.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:09:52


This is based on many years of history after discarding the obvious periods of unsustainable growth.  Transaction growth slowed down from triple+ to double digits in early 2013 and hasn't risen above that since, but it also hasn't dipped below 20% growth year over year for any substantial period in the 4 years since then.
You literally have to call every existing growth trend invalid in order to conclude that.  You're basically just making up numbers at that point to support your conclusion without looking at any actual data.


I spent over 5 hours reading and analyzing the whitepaper in depth, and then several more searching for criticisms or other analysis.  I think LN is kind of cool and has potential, but no where near what everyone here spouts off.  I'm willing to bet you've never read the full white paper, ever.
Your entire premise is based on imagining LN to be something that has no basis in reality, not seeking any actual data to back up your conclusion, and ignoring and waving away any evidence to the contrary.
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:20:43
It'll eventually become either follow the AML laws, don't trade large amounts of Bitcoins for fiat, or don't live in the U.S. (Or eventually, Britain, Germany, France, Korea, Japan, a member of the EU, a major trading partner of the U.S., ....)
Or go to jail. Bitcoin isn't going to supplant the rule of law.
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:56:00


Conspiracy theories help nothing.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:16:24


The transaction fees will eat them alive.  It doesn't bother me, I've got enough BTC that transaction fees are trivial, but it will hurt our future price growth.


Because there's no other alternative.  It is simply too much data.  8MB + SW would only keep blocks from getting full for 5 years, and at the cost of double the Comcast U.S. nationwide bandwidth cap(1 TB).


Because you don't want to actually do any research to back your conclusions, nor do you want to do any math to back them either.  That's understandable, neither did I, but I strongly supported small blocks less than a month ago until I worked out the math and realized there was a better, nearly unavoidable way.  Do the math and the research, then come prove me wrong.  If you can do so, I'll push for your side just as hard as I am now pushing against, as a true believer.  Don't and I'll keep fighting for sanity against you and everyone else who has no idea what they are talking about.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:45:46


It will eventually become that, or don't use Bitcoin for small transactions.  The massive global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no other choices(Except moving everything off-chain, most of which also requires trusting big businesses).
Users could verify transactions with multiple sources, reducing the amount of trust required.
@_date: 2017-03-19 22:52:36


Get better math than mine and I'll happily adjust and spread the correct math.  If you can't find flaws with my numbers or better predictions, don't try to use a strawman fallacy.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:31:42
This is a very solid solution, if the fraud proof concept worked.  I don't know anything about it as it is the first I've seen of it... and your link is broken.  How does it provide security for SPV nodes?
I think a lot of people could support it if it worked.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:46:05






Unless you like the other things like scalability that segwit offers MORE than you dislike the blocksize increase that comes with it.  Which is literally the position of some people, including some core devs that think bigger blocks are teh evil.  That was all I was saying.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:08:27
It wasn't because they didn't try.  They investigated 5 times in 7 years and everything they found seemed to line up.  For every ream of evidence some people handed the SEC, others including Madoff handed reams that appeared to show that everything was in order.  Almost no one involved, including people that worked there, could tell that it was a scam.  Madoff had studied their processes, and he avoided every checkbox and every issue that could have tipped them off.  Madoff spent time finding just the right people who would sign off on fraudulent returns without deeply investigating them.  He even made it difficult for people to invest with him, keeping the investments to only sophisticated investors according to SEC rules.
It wasn't just the SEC either.  The Wall Street Journal ignored him, even though it is their job to find big stories like this and dig into them when regulators aren't.  Most of Markopolos's evidence hinged around the idea that it was impossible to do what Madoff was doing, which was proven to be correct later, but how many people go through life claiming things are impossible that others actually do?  It is impossible to land on the moon.  Impossible for a computer to fit into the palm of your hand.  It is impossible to find oil west of the Mississippi.  Etc etc.  Being unable to replicate what others seem to be doing isn't a very good strategy for proving fraud.
It's obvious looking back on it, but hindsight is 20/20.  It was very, very difficult to unravel, so it isn't that surprising that no one listened to Markopolos.
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:50:08
There are many ways to get decentralization.  When the cost of sending a single transaction on the network is greater than the cost of running a node for a month, there's no point in running a node.
We need to start thinking of the costs of running a node in terms of bitcoins per month instead of in terms of dollars per month or home users versus datacenters.  If Bitcoin became a $5 trillion dollar asset, it would not be practical for home users to secure a $5 trillion dollar asset from their house, nor would they care to if the transaction fees were as high as would be necessary for such a huge volume of transactions.
It currently costs 0.01 BTC per month to run a node.  If we keep that target the same(0.01 BTC) it would allow us to keep fees small long-term (though not as small as they have been, but small enough to be usable for many use cases).
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:02:22
Satoshi did, when he planned for Bitcoin rewards to extend well past his lifetime, and when he tried to get Bitcoin to slow down, and left when he could not slow it down.
It is also the natural and logical choice for the crypto currency that has 20x the first mover advantage of every other crypto-currency.  It's a 20 billion dollar asset, let's not blow our current or future value with poor planning.
@_date: 2017-03-31 05:44:14


This is an interesting point and one that goatpig suggested here: 
I'd love to make it work somehow, but the main problem is Bitcoin can't know its own price without outside input, and any such input could be manipulated in the same fashion as the votes.
The secondary problem is that even if we had both the bitcoin price and the essential "technology-growth" number, we'd still depend on someone to get the formula for "ideal" maximum safe node costs perfect, or else face another hardfork.
Is no good. :(


This is a very interesting question, and an important one.  Firstly, Bitcoin miners still care about price when rewards are gone.  That doesn't change.
The second one is that to me, there is an easily-definable "optimal" fees level.  That level is the minimum required to keep Bitcoin safe against an attacker, and no higher.  I believe that value can be calculated by imagining a potential attack where a large investor shorted Bitcoin, built a huge mining farm, did a 51% attack to crash the price, and closed the short at a profit.  Even if their entire mining farm was a 100% loss, they might still turn a profit.  The formula can be worked out to something like this:
Profit available from short: 
    (bitcoin_price * num_coins_shortable * panic_price_drop_percentage)
Cost of performing attack:
    (total_miner_payouts * bitcoin_price * hardware_lifespan)
Since Bitcoins are on both sides of the equation, it can be divided out.  So the risk of this short+51% attack becomes mostly a function of how many coins can be shorted and how far the panic drop will be versus the fees that support the miners.  Based on some reasonable inputs, I got a minimum protection level of 500-2000 btc/day paid out to miners to keep us safe.  We're safe now, but less safe in 2020, and have effectively no protection by 2036.
I later figured out this wasn't a particularly big threat.  If we don't increase the blocksize, fees would have to rise to ~0.008 per tx(from ~0.0002 today), but I think the fee markets for such a tightly restricted space could be much worse than that.  If we do increase the blocksizes, the fees get split over many more transactions, but fees can stay lower when priced in real-world dollars.


Of course, as you point out, the flip side of that is that there's no benefit to anyone except miners for fees to be any higher than that.  How to do that? I don't know.  I think that if miners restricted blocksizes too much it would hurt adoption and hurt revenues.  The optimal blocksize for fees/growth has to be a little larger than the optimal blocksize for miner revenues, I would think, but both must be smaller than the blocksize that eliminates the fee markets.  Landing blocksizes at the optimal level for fee protection at the same time as not having blocksizes go too big for node operational cost safety?  With only one hardfork?  Sounds damn near impossible.  :(
@_date: 2017-03-24 23:22:13
Also, happy cake day!
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:38:03
Your argument is quite rational, but I think you're forgetting how irrationally angry people have become over this.


Right, but core/small block supporters have latched onto Segwit as an alternative to big-block proposals like XT, BIP100, etc.
BU was raised in opposition to the small-block resistance that prevented XT, BIP100, or any one of the other 30 blocksize increase proposals.  Since small-block supporters latched onto segwit as an alternative to big blocks, BU opposes it.
As a blocksize increase, Segwit is wholly unsatisfying.  It amounts to roughly 2mb blocksize limit, in which case we will be encountering this same debate in less than 2 years when the blocks get full again.  I dunno about you, but I think this debate fucking sucks, and I'd really rather solve it once and for all.


Right, but to go from that to concluding that BU is intentionally accomplishing the opposite goal they set out to do is quite a leap of logic.  They're pretty stupid, have you seen the fuckups they've done?  I'm not surprised that the net effect is to accomplish the opposite of their intention, but I have a hard time believing they're smart enough to pull a double headfake on everyone for over a year.  Stupidity is a much simpler explanation. ;)
@_date: 2017-03-31 00:57:51


The U.S. government has accepted that they could not do this, to either Bitcoin or Ethereum.  The E.U. is going to have to learn that it can't do it to them either.  Ethereum wouldn't allow such a thing to be added, it would be suicide, and governments couldn't force them to do that.


How will they be able to tell?  Disregard the KYC thing, that's not a very realistic scenario and if it was, the choice would be for some other altcoin instead of Ethereum.  How will users be able to tell that centralization harms them or is bad?
The word centralization keeps being thrown out without a clear and specific definition.  What exactly is the threat and how will it affect Bitcoin or its users?
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:26:24


I guess I should clarify.  I don't support a 1mb limit.  I don't think Bitcoin can ever scale to be everything we want it to be, its like drinking from a firehose.  If we somehow handled all of the current transaction volumes at low fees, people and companies would just come up with more ideas for more transactions, it is never ending.  But I do believe we need to plan and prepare for the logical tradeoff - increased node operational costs - to keep Bitcoin's utility as high as possible.  If it winds up that there's a technological leap in the process, mores the better.
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:19:27


Nothing he said was false


No chain will "succeed" until after the BTU/BTC price economics have been worked out.  That is impossible without BTU being listed on several large exchanges.  You are delusional if you think that the exchanges are going to act based on chain length or hashpower alone, that is very much not what they said.


Yeah, months after the price of the two has settled out and the miners have transitioned to where they wish to remain.  No exchange is going to call BU "BTC" Until after BU has clearly won; It would only serve to confuse their customers and create a significant probability that they will be sued for misleading consumers.  That can't happen until BTU has been listed on exchanges, which won't happen until BTU has relay protection.


Or maybe you're the one mistaken, and you're acting like an angry asshole.
@_date: 2017-03-28 07:15:13




Reading comprehension is hard so let me help.  When it costs more than 50 dollars to send a single transaction, the only people who send transactions will be people who, one way or another, already pay for datacenter capacity.  No one runs a node for something they don't use.
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:58:54
If only... I'm heavily outnumbered here, it seems, and few people have open minds to evidence that disagrees with their worldview. :(
@_date: 2017-03-31 02:09:43
Thank you for the reply, I really appreciate it.  Go to bed, no need to stay up to respond further until tomorrow :)
Ok, so what are these nodes doing?  A simple DDOS?  How do they force nonlistening nodes to commit any resources to them?  Or do they try to consume all listening ports on all available nodes, and deny new nodes the ability to connect?
Are they pretending to be nodes and then dropping propagations?  If the nodes themselves have substantially more resources available, like datacenter nodes, are those nodes then less vulnerable, requiring more botnet resources per?


There must be a way to approximate the risks on this, any tips on how I could get a better handle on it and/or resources to read on past attacks or of what the attackers actually do and what the disruption is?
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:08:29
Right, and that's a good point and hopefully a counterpoint that the next SEC applicant presents when the application gets that far.  The main thing the SEC is going for with at least this ruling is that Bitcoin could be secretly manipulated and there would be no information whatsoever about the manipulation, likely even long after it was done.  With OPEC, one way or another the information becomes available if people go and search for it.  Once Bitcoin exchanges get to that point as well, I think an ETF would have a better chance.
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:25:49
I used to think this way.
There's a bigger problem.  If blocksizes aren't increased, transaction fees must rise and will rise.  As bitcoin price increases, the dollar value of the transaction fees will increase.  If you extrapolate from current trends (price, transaction growth, fee increases, etc) it will cost more to send a single transaction than it will cost to run a node for a month in about ~3-5 years.
At that point, what's the point in running a node?  Who cares how much it costs to run a node when sending transactions costs that much?
The solution is we should price the costs to run a Bitcoin node in Bitcoins per month.  It currently costs roughly 0.001 BTC a month to run a node.  As Bitcoin's price surges(and technological costs decline), blocksizes should be increased commensurately. Unfortunately getting from that economic theory to a technical solution is very difficult, but I'd like to see if someone has an objection to that economic theory.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:00:49
But but but but blockstream!  VER TOLD ME BLOCKSTREAM BAD!
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:07:40


It is today.  The cost of running a full node will decline as technology improves, so in 10 years that 0.01 BTC cost would become ~0.001 BTC/month.  Meanwhile transaction fees must rise if transaction volumes don't - If the network isn't paying miners enough, roughly 1000-2000 BTC/day in rewards+fees, it is exposed to a financially-motivated 51%+short attack.  (I.e., big investor shorts Bitcoin, wastes gobs of money into a bitcoin mining facility, 51% attacks, and still turns a profit because of the short sale in the ensuing panic sale).  So to keep the network safe, if Blocksizes don't increase, transaction fees must rise to about 0.008 BTC/tx, or else we'll get attacked - almost the 0.01 BTC/month cost of running a node.
(* Those numbers assume segwit is activated among a few other things, I can clarify if desired)


I factored that in; For most users today running a node at home costs almost nothing, only electricity.  When they hit their ISP bandwidth cap and start getting overage charges suddenly, it will cost them a lot more than the numbers I've laid out.  Further, until we create a history checkpointing system, bandwidth costs are far greater than hard drive/storage costs.
Interestingly, if blockchain sizes were totally unchecked (+80%/yr tx growth as we have had for the last 2 years), in approximately 10 years the largest typically-available hard drive will be unable to store the entire blockchain history(~32-35 TB vs ~40-70 TB).  So not only would a home user have to buy two huge hard drives, they'd have to span them too.


There's a pretty low bar there for trust, they have a lot more important stuff from a lot more customers, and they are subject to lawsuits if they tamper with customer servers not to mention the reputation impact on a huge portion of their business.  Regardless, it doesn't matter, the only options are that either node costs rise massively, or transaction fees rise massively, or Bitcoin stalls and Ethereum takes the crown.


If our main use case in 10 years is still mainly hodlers, we're all fucked.
@_date: 2017-03-28 20:07:31


I agree and think they do try to do that.
But without consensus, the default choice (no increases) is far less popular than either big blocks or slow block growth.  It would behoove everyone to not give up on finding the middle ground and trying to understand the other side despite disagreement.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:13:49


I went over 30 years of hard drive and bandwidth cost trends, everything I could find.  I also went over the transaction volumes year-over-year by hand to make sure I dropped out the unsustainable growth rates on both sides.
I guess you could call it close-minded, but I would call it wishful thinking to hope that all of the existing trendlines will suddenly and drastically be bucked.


When every month of running a node costs a brand new car, there will be few entities willing to eat that cost month after month.


This is a solvable problem; Miners would upgrade bandwidth if it became viable for them to do so to keep up with the network.  Miners make money from their nodes; Regular users do not.
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:54:06


Your argument isn't wrong, but where the logic ends up for some people is dangerous - First people need to give up the idea that they're forever going to be able to store billions of $5 (or worse, microtransaction size) transactions directly on-chain.
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:46:45


Like I said, as a node operator if it winds up costing you much more just to do transactions than it does to run a node, why run a node?
If our historical price increases were to continue, by 2024 it would cost more to send one transaction(while providing the minimum in security though tx fees - $66) than it would cost to run a node for one year($45).  At that point, that's decentralization for a purely arbitrary purpose.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:09:39


Right, but this specifically was talking about microtransactions on-chain.  Lightning, I believe, will still price out microtransactions unless we do something drastic about the blocksizes; The amortized cost of occasionally broadcasting to the blockchain will drive the per-tx costs on lightning way up.  I haven't worked out the math on that yet, hopefully next few days.
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:58:10


You are delusional if you think the exchanges are going to follow hashpower alone.  They explicitly said they are not.
You are also delusional if you think that 70% of the miners will follow an unprofitable coin and can afford to blow money waiting for core support to die.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:55:30


There's no evidence of that being true, anymore that there's evidence of the BU argument that core developers have been co-opted by blockstream bigwigs.
All of the personal attacks are just irrelevant garbage.  The debate is about node costs versus transaction fee costs, and both sides have valid points.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:00:08


OH SURE I DO FOR SMALL FEE!


Will not work, you either pay a fee to a "hub" to pretend to be your node for you, or you pay for a hub to not put your coins at risk.


You are pulling shit out of your ass to talk about something that hasn't even been built yet as if it was totally decided.  You have absolutely no way to say exactly what will happen with any certainty and neither do I, but the issues I raise are quite likely to present problems at one point or another.
In no way is this kind of logic something that a conservative system like Bitcoin can use for all of its future planning, which is exactly what you are suggesting.


There's no other possible solution to the scaling problem.  There's simply too many people on the planet that wish to send too many transactions. The number of full nodes is a bullshit metric; it adds very little to the overall security of the system so long as end users have multiple points of verification and blockchain states can be publicly verified i.e. block explorers.  The trade-off of simply wishing to keep all home users running nodes and node counts arbitrarily high is that home users will not be able to transact on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:22:01
My bad, I guess you're right, and it doesn't seem to meet the qualifications they're going for.  They would like to see options being offered and possibly margin trading, but within the regulations of the CFTC (which are likely very intense regulations themselves), and I can only assume they want to see a money transmitter license for every U.S. state as well as following EU moneylaundering regulations as well.
Yeah, very expensive.
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:31:31
I used to think this way.
There's a bigger problem. If blocksizes aren't increased, transaction fees must rise and will rise. As bitcoin price increases, the dollar value of the transaction fees will increase. If you extrapolate from current trends (price, transaction growth, fee increases, etc) it will cost more to send a single transaction than it will cost to run a node for a month in about ~3-5 years.
At that point, what's the point in running a node? Who cares how much it costs to run a node when sending transactions costs that much?
The solution is we should price the costs to run a Bitcoin node in Bitcoins per month. It currently costs roughly 0.001 BTC a month to run a node. As Bitcoin's price surges(and technological costs decline), blocksizes should be increased commensurately. Unfortunately getting from that economic theory to a technical solution is very difficult, but I'd like to see if someone has an objection to that economic theory.
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:37:46
If sharding could work without breaking decentralization, or opening up attack vulnerabilities, or opening the possibility of data loss, that'd be **amazing**.
I haven't seen any convincing evidence that sharding can work on a blockchain.  The biggest problem comes when transactions need to cross shards, which is very often.  The ethereum paper about sharding is very handwavy and reeks of bullshit.
@_date: 2017-03-29 08:34:03


Ready does not mean supports segwit.


In your comment you said that "the default choice(no blocksize increases)" was more popular, and now you say supportive of segwit.  Supporting segwit does not imply that you don't also support blocksize increases.
The opposite is more likely - I support segwit and I also support blocksize increases (even though as recently as 4 months ago I was vehemently opposed to blocksize increases, until truly did the math).
Even despite that, I still don't know of any numbers showing that a clear majority supports segwit.  A certain site or wallet becoming segwit ready is not an indication of support as much as a simple business decision - they are told and assume that this thing is coming, they must be ready or else it disrupts their business/software/etc.  I say this, personally, as a segwit supporter but also as a skeptic - I'm just not seeing convincing signs that segwit has a clear majority.


Oh jesus man, you really had me going there for a second.  Turn on your critical thinking man.  Account created December 14th, 11:59.  Comment posted December 14th, 12:04.  Nothing since except four shitpost comments in related to conspiracy theories.  That account wasn't actually GBminers, that was some random ass troll, and you literally just called it a reputable source?  Come on.  It didn't even get any upvotes or replies for gods sake.


It is quite possible to dislike both of the options.  It isn't even unusual, look at the election America just had.  Even without F2Pool or BTCC that doesn't address the remainder of the discrepancies between reality and the common conspiracy theory.


I mean by people/community.  For the lower bound look at the % of users(not hashrates) on slushpool(a pool that vocally and publicly supports segwit and isn't chinese) that vote for BU.  13% last I checked, not counting those who haven't voted for either.  The hashrate might give an upper bound, but another way to look at it is the online user counts from and The other day it was 325 to 630, now it is 167 to 450.  Assuming the best case scenario - each count is totally unique users - that puts BTC support minimum at 27%-34%.  But since users tend to cross over to the larger far, far more often than the reverse those numbers may be much worse.  Say 50% of the group(assumed to be BU supporters mostly) show up in both numbers, but only 10% of userbase(assumed to be core supporters) are crossing over.  That puts the numbers at (325 * 0.9) divided by (325 * 0.9)+(630 * 0.5) or 48% for the first day I checked or 32% now.  Either way, the numbers aren't good for consensus.


Yes.  Almost nobody gives a fuck about giving power to the miners.  Not even the miners.  They don't care about imaginary e-peens, they care about money.  They NEED prices to rise and see bigger blocksizes as a way to support that.  The users want lower transaction fees, and they don't see higher node costs or poorly-communicated vague descriptions of possible attacks as concerns.  They see high transaction fees as a big barrier to adoption, and they see that as a huge risk to their future valuation of Bitcoin.  And they aren't wrong on those points, even if they are wrong on many others (and they, too, fail to see the valid points from the small block community).
The rest of BU's issues are just bullshit red herrings that grew out of the frustration with core doing nothing and the lack of clarity around both the problem and the solutions.  They are totally 100% convinced that blockstream has a total lock on bitcoin core developers so blockstream can push its sidechains and turn a huge profit.  It is a stupid conspiracy theory, but not any more stupid than the idea that chinese miners are all being coerced by one dude into forcing BU down everyone's throats.  BU exists because a huge group of people are frustrated with the lack of progress on a very real problem, not because one guy wants to stroke his e-peen.
@_date: 2017-03-28 20:08:20
You are your own worst enemy, you don't even realize it yet.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:20:18


Err, how exactly do you propose to measure that?
@_date: 2017-03-18 21:26:43
The miners will change their mind (on either side) when the prices force them to do so.  The uncertainty is going to tank the price on both sides, and when the price drops the hashrate saturation level will drop - causing all current mining farms to be overbuilt.  They will bleed money.
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:12:42


Just because nodes aren't run out of home doesn't make them centralized to that degree.  Megaupload literally was a single target deliberately doing something that was clearly illegal, and they ran their servers in the U.S., allowing the government to seize them.
The pirate bay also had a single point of failure and was spitting in the face of the authorities while breaking the law.  Bitcoin is neither of those.  A "small number" - lets say 2,000 - of nodes running in different datacenters across the globe is nearly impossible to pursue.  Datacenters don't exactly let the police just walk in and take stuff, and good luck getting a court order to shutdown a system with millions of completely legal worldwide users just so they can go after a few, much less dozens of court orders in every single state and country that would run a node.  It'd be easier just to use the [xkcd approach]( and kill off Bitcoin users.  


This is a legitimate threat, so I'd like to understand the math on it.  What's N and what's i, above?  What prevents that attack today with many distributed nodes that wouldn't also apply with fewer distributed nodes?
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:08:23




The blocksize argument isn't about today or miners.  The blocksize argument is about future high node operational costs versus future high transaction fees.  Keeping node operational costs low requires severely limiting growth, adoption, and price increases.  The two issues have to be balanced or else an altcoin with better balance will consume Bitcoin's first-mover advantage.
@_date: 2017-02-04 01:16:05
But but but mah $1 purchase fees r too high!  Evil greedy small-block bastards are ruining btc!!!
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:24:11
My point was that if we are relying on a dev team to certify a checkpoint, we lose some ability to claim (to a government, a court, or others) that the blockchain is totally decentralized.  If the core devs were to become considered the "creators" of a digital currency, they would immediately be in violation of the years-old fincen guidance regarding the creators/issuers of a digital currency, which could lead to criminal charges if a government so decided.
Or worse, a government could put pressure on them under the threat of death or against their family to attempt to write in a change to the utxo state before creating the neo-genesis block.  It would probably be detected and not hurt Bitcoin, but that wouldn't help the dev and their family.  Its best to always maintain the assumption that any single individual or group in the Bitcoin ecosystem could be an attacker.  That's one reason that mining centralization in China is a big, big problem.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:57:15


Their opinion is that we/core have taken billions from the btc market cap already by not increasing blocksizes for continued adoption.
Both are correct.  The war over the blocksizes has caused the decrease in value.  The dispute comes down to increasing node costs versus increasing transaction costs, and mudflinging at the other side just hurts the price even more.
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:58:30


You are right.  BU doesn't believe that is going to happen if they fork, they believe the core chain will be forced to fold.  BU is wrong.
BU being wrong about that point and you being right about that point doesn't make the rest of BU's concerns invalid, and it doesn't change the fact that both parties are making the conflict worse.  Everyone loses when the price plummets.  That's the cold hard reality regardless of right and wrong.
@_date: 2017-03-28 20:04:35


That's what history indicates will happen.  Sigh.  Is the only option for a different crypto-currency to overtake Bitcoin to spur people to save it?
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:16:05


This is what will happen if BU decides to fork, at least initially.  Big exchanges with reputations on the line, not to mention regulatory oversight, can't trade different chains without replay protection.  If BTU implements replay protection, it'll make it abundantly apparent how much or little economic activity has followed their chain, since no businesses will take it.


This is also what will happen...  Prices will drop for BTC, and also for BTC+BU.  The mass congestion won't be so bad... A little rough for a little longer, but the miners on BTC will make more from the fees during that time until the difficulty changes.


Miners on both sides will be under financial stress.  The mining network naturally builds out for a certain saturation point based on the bitcoin price.  When the price plummets, the mining network will be overbuilt.  Those with the least efficient miners and/or highest electricity costs will be hurt first.
The only advantage core miners have is that the economic split will probably favor BTC significantly, at least initially.  So if BTC kept 60% of the price and only 40% of the hashrate, its miners will be substantially more profitable than BTU miners @ 40% of the price + 60% of the hashrate - their chain would be way overbuilt for the miners capacity, and the miners will bleed money.
Some of the miners have the funds to last for awhile despite the heavy losses- primarily Jihan.  Maybe 1-3 months.  Casual miners can eat the losses for awhile as well, as the mining income isn't make-or-break for their finances.  Midsized mining farms and large, independent mining operators - many of whom still support BU in China - are going to be fucked within a month.  Their revenue will flatline and they'll be bleeding cash.  From personal experience I know most of those(in the U.S. at least) would be bankrupt within 2 months.  They'll most likely switch back to core, which will strengthen core against the inevitable attack attempts to follow, but will hurt the remaining core miners profits(see declined total BTC+BTU price/coin).  It won't be enough to save their company, though, unless their cost efficiency is incredible.
The BU miners will be desperate and angry and will try to attack core, either by mining empty blocks or by attempting a rollback 51% attack.  The more successful the attack, the farther the BTC+BTU price will drop; BTU won't rise as BTC falls, crushing more miners profits on every side.  The attacks will be somewhat obvious - Doing a transaction rollback/double-spend would require nearly every BTU miner to switch to BTC and BTU blocks would cease production entirely.  Most likely, miners desperate to stay in business will remain on core in sufficient numbers to (barely) stave off BTU mining attacks, and keep 51% or more.  Once BTU's hashrate is consistently lower than BTC's for a substantial period, and BTU's price is low, it'll be apparent which fork to follow and BTU will begin dying out.
The price won't recover for 12 months after the fork.  All of the above is off if we've somehow misjudged the desires of the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:21:36


The day that businesses decide to knowingly shoot themselves in the foot is the day I buy altcoins.
Nothing changes until we get consensus.  No one gets consensus by flinging poop at the other side.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:03:07
Lightning has numerous flaws.  It isn't ready, it probably can't work for medium sized transactions(no route sufficiently funded), and being a contributing part of the network constantly puts your own money at risk even if you never transact on it(I.e., if you drop offline during a relay).  That means people won't contribute and will rely on tx hubs who will charge fees for their services.  Further, it requires the sender and receiver to be online at all times and also can introduce substantial delays to transactions if any relay link drops offline at the wrong time.
It isn't a fix-all and won't even begin to address the scaling problems.
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:31:53


Not to solve the blocksize debate.  SW is mostly a technical improvement that also happens to include a small blocksize increase.  It does not permanently address blocksize concerns, nor is the small blocksize increase enough to satisfy any of the people who are demanding larger blocks.
From their perspective, core's refusal to act means core supports small blocks.  From reading core's emails, I don't think that's true- they're just not willing to act unless they think consensus is there.  But the net result is anger directed against them from the group that feels blocked out.
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:41:22
Jihan alone has more cash at his disposal than nearly every core developer combined.  So to correct your example, it is like pissing off the "employee" who just bought your whole company.  Good jerb, I hope your resume is up to date.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:53:02
It does, the problem here is that the BU-haters have so much anger towards BU that they can't see the validity to their argument(lack of usability = Bitcoin stops growing), and the core-haters over in BUland have so much anger towards core that they can't see the validity of core supporter's arguments(Increasing node costs does represent a problem for Bitcoin as well).
The result is that core can do nothing while the big blockers are at war with the small blockers.  The solution is we need to get people thinking about the ratio between node operational costs versus transaction costs, and shovel away all of the extraneous garbage arguments.
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:30:20


That would be a problem, yes.  Some of that might be because of the relative difficulty in dealing with U.S. exchanges who are struggling with compliance issues, though.  Once exchanges get established that are reliable, trustworthy, offer options &amp; margin trading, and also are compliant with the regulations, some of that may change.


If it doesn't, we'll only get a U.S. ETF after it no longer matters.  Meh.
@_date: 2017-03-28 07:50:53


You wouldn't need to run a bitcoin node for that.
Also, although I like the idea, lightning has some serious flaws.  Among those, it can't handle medium size or large transactions - many of them will not be able to find a route to the destination(because one isn't possible due to channel capital funding requirements).


I think you will be astounded by the stupidity of the average person...


No, they can run non-validating nodes or utilize other services, including things like lightning that would not require a full node (because they're going to have to purchase the services of a hub anyway - Lightning has quite a few flaws including one where a person could lose the money they put in, even if they never transacted with it, simply by going offline at the wrong time.  To prevent that, they can't relay; If they can't relay, they don't need to run a node).


Ugh, I really need people to understand how awfully broken the math on scaling is.  Right now everyone in America couldn't even do one transaction a year.  That's just America, everyone on the planet couldn't even do a single transaction in their entire lifetimes if the blocksize isn't raised.  Lightning can't function without regular blocksize increases.
Lightning + the largest reasonable blocksize = wonderous things that neither can accomplish alone.
@_date: 2017-03-30 00:50:17


Because it isn't Bitcoin.  It has an extremely different set of advantages and weaknesses.  Somehow, no one here wants to talk about the weakenesses of lightning, they all believe it is a magic bullet that solves everything.  It introduces new problems that don't exist today - like the requirement that people be always online to receive payments - and risks that most users will find appalling - like if they go offline at the wrong time and have relaying turned on, they could lose money they never even transacted with.
It isn't Bitcoin 2.0, its a layer on top of Bitcoin that adds some cool stuff + some new problems.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:33:22


I suppose if you don't care about contributing to the network and simply wish to offload the costs of syncing to others, maybe.  But if others don't pick up the ball that you dropped, Bitcoin stops working altogether.  The full history of the blockchain is absolutely necessary for non-greedy nodes that contribute.
Pruning history data also doesn't reduce the bandwidth requirements or help with bandwidth caps, or CPU processing as mentioned, and the bandwidth caps are going to be the first scaling problem we hit anyway.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:19:18






That's hilarious because the lightning network white paper wasn't written by Satoshi and wasn't written until 2015.
Obviously I was talking about the lightning network white paper since I quoted your line about that.  Or did you not realize that there IS a lightning network white paper, and that the lightning network wasn't designed, written, or conceived by Satoshi in any form?
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:19:06
It doesn't appear that they did, it seems like they were referencing exchange API numbers.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:40:28


I won't buy your coin !
The alternative is that either transaction fees priced in dollars will grow to ridiculous levels - possibly nearly $100 per transaction within 10 years if trends hold - or that our price growth will stagnate until an altcoin can truly surpass Bitcoin.
The massive global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no other choices(Except moving everything off-chain, most of which also requires trusting big businesses).
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:32:54
Not denied because it is decentralized.  Denied because most of the trades take place on unregulated exchanges where shady traders can manipulate the price for their own profit.
Once we fix that issue, it can be approved.
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:02:25
Defining "economic majority" with certainty in Bitcoin is very difficult, and doing so programmatically is nearly impossible.  And we need certainty of an overwhelming majority before it is worth a fork.
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:28:16


And that kind of thinking right there is how we all get forked, folks.
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:32:09


Not exactly.  The price - for everyone - is going to tank when the fork is about to happen, and more when it does.  Every miner is going to be fucked on both sides.  The BTU guys will get the worst of it - Their coins won't be reliably sellable until BU builds replay protections - simply because the exchanges can't actually transact BU on the network without also accidentally transacting BTC- going to be very hard for them.  If BU did build replay protections, it would make the lack of volume on the BU fork look laughable.


BTU won't get 75%.  Segwit has 26% now, there's no way 1% will defect AND all other miners will act in unison.  They'll have to fork at lower or not at all.


For sure it will be.  The price will be tanking on both.  But the BTU network will be even more unusable, since you can't transact one without also transacting the other (unless newly mined, which won't be accepted anywhere).


There will be very little demand to buy BTU.  The miners on the network are going to be so overbuilt that they will be bleeding money.


BTU markets may attempt to be created, but the major exchanges won't be able to accept it without replay protections, because one can't be sent/received without the other.  Many newly created exchanges will be scams or fail(it isn't so easy), and a lot of people are going to get fucked over.
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:37:24
Not small enough.
Long term we need to stop pricing the cost of operating a node in terms of dollars - The cost of operating a node should be priced in Bitcoins, and therefore blocksizes can grow as Bitcoin price/adoption grows without negatively impacting node operators (btc costs stay the same, and relatively low)
@_date: 2017-03-07 04:58:34
The real world isn't a computer science textbook.  And regardless, my point isn't that I think we can scale to 2mb... We can scale far beyond that by adjusting our expectations of how Bitcoin will operate.
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:18:22


Explain how Etheruem could be censored but Bitcoin could not?


I'm assuming you're referring to the hardfork that happened?  It was driven by the vast majority of community consensus in response to a bug.  Are you implying that's somehow going to turn around and be applied to normal transactions that don't originate from a bug or involve overwhelming consensus?  How?  Moreover, the same thing would happen with Bitcoin - in the presence of overwhelming consensus.  That's all Bitcoin is concerned with - consensus.


How does Ethereum not allow users to validate?
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:04:39


If we want you to be able to run a node from your house, we have to limit ourselves to only what you can reasonably afford in bandwidth.  That's roughly 5mb blocks, ~400,000,000 transactions a year.  400 million transactions a year is only 5x higher than where we were last year.  So catering to you stops Bitcoin adoption growth at roughly 5-10 million humans that can use Bitcoin, and a market price of ~$2000-$4000 per coin.  You've limited Bitcoin to less than 3% of America or 0.1% of the world being able to use Bitcoin.  I hate to break it to you but you aren't in the top 0.1% of the world in terms of wealth.
"But Bitcoin will make me wealthy!"
Except meanwhile an altcoin with some simple deductive reasoning realizes that if Bitcoin can only cater to 0.1% of the world's population, but they can cater to 3% of the world's population, they're going to kill Bitcoin.  And so they do.  Those who followed Bitcoin because Moon will realize that Bitcoin will never reach the moon, $altcoin is going to the moon, and they will jump ship.
You'll be holding a worthless piece of history and they'll be wealthy.  Markets don't care about philosophy, they care about usefulness.  You can transact from your home with external validation, and use multiple sources to avoid security risks.  You don't need to validate every single person's transactions on the planet.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:26:43


No, it is what I measured and extrapolated from a 24 hour period. During one test run it was on track to consume 2.5 TB/month.  That was with 133 peers running a full node.  When I clamped the number of peers down(to 24) it dropped a lot, down to ~120 GB/month.  I'm still doing tests, but it was pretty eye opening.
Someone else echoed this about their full node in one of the active threads today; I'll see if I can find it.  Edit, found his comment here: 
As I said, I was pretty shocked to see my node consuming 2.5 TB/month.  I'll update this with where it is at with 24 peers, and I'm going to do more tests over the next few weeks.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:21:20
That's not what the SEC said at all.  You clearly didn't read it.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:38:12
Doesn't matter to the transaction fees.  Transaction fees (unavoidably) will create an economic cutoff for on-chain storage, as they should because on-chain storage is a scarce resource.
Increasing the blocksizes won't solve this problem, at best it kicks the can down the road for 1-2 years.  Long term, blockchains are not the right technology for transacting small, day-to-day transactions.  Lightning may help with this or may not, and hopefully eventually third parties will build services ontop of the blockchain to provide for small day to day transactions again.
@_date: 2017-02-17 03:22:38


That's the reality of what Bitcoin is going to be for the next 15 years though, unless it just stops growing altogether.  There will always be more people coming in who are trying to use it cheaply.  As the demand arises, third parties will build VISA-like systems ontop of Bitcoin that don't try to store data on-chain.  (Lightning networks with bank-like service providers aggregating links is one such way)
We could raise the blocksize now and kick the can down the road, but we're never going to outrun the problem- There are too many people worldwide doing too many transactions for a mesh-net like Bitcoin to serve every one of them.  Worse, if we do kick the can down the road it might slow down or discourage people from working on real solutions to the long term problem and wind up making the problem much, much worse.  Bitcoin has to focus on what Bitcoin is good at, which is securely resisting government devaluation and easing sizable international transaction settlements.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:39:43
They acknowledged that in their response directly.  They said that they are aware that no commodity winds up having all of its transactions take place on regulated exchanges, and they don't expect Bitcoin to be different.  But they calculated from publicly reported volume numbers that Gemini represents only 3% of US volume and only 0.07% of worldwide volume (quoting from memory, I might have those numbers wrong but its in the ballpark).  Having 0.07% of the volume take place on a regulated exchange and 99.93% of it take place on unregulated ones is definitely not going to convince them that it is an investment that won't be manipulated by shady traders.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:59:05
In what way would an average consumer considering the choice between Bitcoin and Ethereum consider Ethereum to be "not trustless"?
Note, I said average consumer, not die-hard libertarian or conspiracy theorist.
@_date: 2017-03-31 05:44:31
Thank you!  Here's one more reply you might like:
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:29:30


In what meaningful way would running SPV nodes lower security?
Satoshi himself said this was the direction the future would go in.  Future nodes are servers and most users use SPV in the future.


What you mean to say is we cannot and shall not let new users increase Bitcoin prices.
@_date: 2017-02-21 20:09:03


Unfortunately, it is not safe quite so safe right now.  My current node consumes roughly 1.5 TB a month in bandwidth with our current limits in place.  Comcast's U.S. nationwide bandwidth cap is 1TB, so that puts current node operation out of the reach of most home users.  2MB + SW would possibly put it out of reach for me to reasonably run a node (nearly 6TB/month).
If we don't have nodes, we don't have security against a false node attack.
I could start running a node with fewer peers and with pruning, but then I'm not really contributing to the network anymore.  That's a shitty option to hand to node operators.
I support segwit by itself for several reasons, but people have to accept that Bitcoin just can't be used long-term to handle everyone's $5 coffee transactions on-chain.  It just won't work.
The worst part of all of this is that despite the increased costs(+150 GB/yr storage, +~5mbit/sec bandwidth speeds req, +2 TB/mo bandwidth usage), it only buys us less than 1.5 years until we reach the cap ANYWAY and transaction fees begin to rise again(our transaction growth YoY is 65% for the last 5 years, 80/81% for the last 2 years).  That's a lot of costs for all of the nodes to pay when the main goal of it is people trying to sustain low fees that simply can't be sustained.
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:29:08


This is because Bitcoin is incredibly inefficient.  Every transaction is sent to every single other person on the network, more than once, and stored, [currently and possibly in the future] forever.  By contrast, VISA has sharded load distribution for its servers; Each transaction originates at the point of sale, is sent almost directly to the end server responsible for processing it and stored only there and on that server's backups, for less than 10 years.  Each server is only responsible for a small portion of the load, and other layers of servers or software decide how to route requests to evenly distribute the load across hundreds or thousands of servers.  Bitcoin can't beat VISA at being VISA; We're already something bigger and better than that.
By the numbers, hard drive costs are declining by about 14% per year; Bandwidth costs are declining between 8 and 18% per year depending on location.  Global nonbitcoin transaction volumes are rising by 8-10% per year, nearly wiping out the small technological improvements that might alleviate the problem.
Those piddling little 8-18% changes have got nothing on our transaction volume growth - +80% per year for the last 2 years.  If Bitcoin wanted to serve just today's worldwide transaction volume - not including the +10% per year increases or the increased utilization due to the advent of microtransactions, and not including the WW transaction volume from third world unbanked customers going digital - It would take 4.8 GB blocks, 250 terabytes of storage every year, and 2 gbit/s of bandwidth.  To put that in perspective, some whole datacenters still rely on a redundant 10gbit fiber link to the internet, so a single node would require 1/5th of that.  The cost would be 30 thousand dollars a month.  Or if you assume the absolute most generous numbers and give technology 16 years, its "only" $2,500 a month... in just bandwidth... to meet today's WW transaction volume.
No matter how you look at it, technology doesn't change the nature of the beast.  Schnorr signatures will give at most a 25% reduction in those numbers, but doesn't change the fundamental scope of the problem(Way too much data!!!).  Better tx relaying can give an bit of a reduction in bandwidth needs, but the costs of running a node still go exponential.  These aren't far-off problems either... we're currently 0.02% of worldwide transaction volume, and currently a full node with default peers settings that supports syncing can easily burn through 1.5 TB of data usage a month.
I used to believe that we had to accept massive transaction fees because of the reality of the problem scope.  I now believe there is a better way - The problem comes because we price the cost of operating a node in dollars. If we instead priced the cost of operating a node in terms of Bitcoins per month(Currently around 0.01BTC/month), the problem becomes much more manageable.  It still won't enable microtransactions on-chain - There's just too much volume, too many people on earth.  But it will keep fees from going above $2 per tx, long term, depending how aggressively we can push blocksizes and match price increases.
The alternative is to continue to think of node operational costs in terms of dollars per month, until no home users bother to run a node anymore because 1 month of node operation costs the same as sending one transaction. Either cheap transaction users will get priced out of blockchain space, or they will get priced out of full transaction validation; The latter is a lot better for Bitcoin than the former.
@_date: 2017-02-17 20:52:35


Bitcoin can't actually do those use cases, you have been mislead, sorry.  The reason is simple - There were about 426 billion non-cash transactions in 2015, and that number has been increasing by 10% per year every year. Just to hit today's numbers Bitcoin would need 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage every year.  Or worse, if every person on the planet wanted to make just one transaction a day, that would be 1,533 terabytes of data every year and as much bandwidth(9.7 gbit/s) as many existing datacenters' main internet feeds.  But they don't want to make just one transaction a day; They, and their employers and companies they buy from want to send many more than just that.


If you don't, you won't have Bitcoin period. Blockspace is a scarce resource, the only solution is third party services built on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:46:03
Sidechains are a great solution and likely the direction that microtransactions will head.  The tricks with that are as follows:
1. Namecoin is like a sidechain in that it derives much of its security from the main Bitcoin miner PoW.  This type of thing is necessary for sidechains, but not sufficient.
2. Sidechains need to peg their value to the value of the main chain, but they need to do so without frequent main-chain settlement being required.  This is a potential flaw of lightning, where the main chain is heavily relied upon for settlement and channel adjustments.
3. It needs to become an easy transition for the sidechain to be usable for individuals, which becomes more convoluted when we reach the natural scaling problems for each sidechain.
There is a natural scaling problem that each sidechain will encounter as their value(socially, if pegged to Bitcoin's value) and utilization grows; Eventually they will become a victim of the same scaling problems Bitcoin is planning to face in the next few years, and there's no solving it(unless we can make sharding work, which seems unlikely).  So eventually a given sidechain begins to push out its smallest transactions, who then must move to a different sidechain which doesn't have that volume yet, and the users need to adapt to the change and the many sidechains that will evolve.  It isn't ideal, but the markets will find a way to make it work eventually.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:08:18


That's not going to happen.  There are many business models that can easily afford higher node operational costs than miners can.  Mining isn't very profitable at all, and they will be much more sensitive to node costs than exchanges, bitcoin service businesses, high net worth early adopters, governmental data collectors, and blockchain databases.  Just because home users couldn't run nodes someday doesn't mean no one can or that we're suddenly vulnerable.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:07:34
Right, if they disagree with you, they're a shitcoin supporter.  If they don't, they're a user.  You don't see the problem with that logic?


Unfortunately for all of us, I'm encountering a lot of pushback from people with small block thinking.  Once they realize that their options for running a node are going to be restricted by the cost of running that node, they say they don't want big blocks.  Or any of the innumerable other ways in which they have decided that decentralization trumps all other concerns.
Meanwhile, Ethereum is killing it.  They don't see the writing on the wall if they don't accept the consequences of big growth.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:55:31


They're legally not allowed to broadcast it. :P
Possible that they're talking to China, but unlikely... They should have started with Bitstamp and Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:19:48
You didn't write anything else except "False."  The only thing I can conclude is that you are closeminded and unable to understand the game theories at issue here.  You think the correctness of your ideas is self evident and everyone who disagrees is just wrong.  Your mindset is killing Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-29 07:29:16


Thank you, I really appreciate the kind words.  There are few for dissenting opinions in our community. :(


Yeah, but mining economies of scale don't translate to well towards monopolies aside from the chip design themselves.  Electrical infrastructure scales in the opposite fashion than you would expect from economies of scale.  [I talk about this here]( if you want to read about why.  So that encourages building multiple facilities.  Problems with heat, substation &amp; generation capacity available, and finding suitable properties generally places those facilities far apart, certainly farther than the mining company would prefer, which means they have to train multiple facility directors to run each facility with only occasional input by the owners.  Facility directors get ambitious - they know how everything works, so why can't they go get an investor and build their own, instead of working for Jihan?  So that's exactly what they do.  That's why even though there's only one microsoft and one google, there's not one factory company in the U.S. (or China)- there's hundreds - and few people know the names of any of them unless they buy direct from one.  Factories, like mining farms, don't have economics that support monopolies.
So the only realistic way that one company can gain a monopoly on the hashrate is if they either refuse to sell miners to other people - the Bitfury method - or if they backdoor the miners they sell.  I can't speak to the latter, but the Bitfury doesn't make economic sense, which is why Bitfury pushed hard to sell its containers to other people.  Bitfury realized they could make far more money from their solid chip design by selling to others, they are just afraid of the consumer market still(for good reason!).  If Bitmain were to try to avoid selling, they could possibly cause concern &amp; price drops by refusing to sell them, which might endanger their business entirely.  But more importantly, Jihan doesn't own everything and the investors are not going to leave money on the table when buyers come knocking, particularly when the math of selling the miners - Jihan's entire original strategy - is clearly better than the math of mining.
Now backdoors are another problem altogether.  A software backdoor could be found and reported or blocked, but a hardware backdoor would be very difficult to find.  I have no solution for that, but I don't think my proposal - or BU for that matter - would make any difference to the backdoor.  It would be obvious if people's own miners started signaling wrong or stopped working en-masse, but there might be fuck all that people could do about it.  Backdoors do scare me a bit.  Really, the only protection is the severe economic punishment that would likely result.  But that could be another form of attack, itself.


Not always.  And yeah, I'd really like to have some very smart people give some examples of how such a system could break down, and then we discuss through the possible vulnerabilities and economic motivators, etc.  There might well be a problem I haven't foreseen.
Thanks for keeping an open mind. :)
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:57:45


This is not true.  The developers themselves admit they cannot possibly come up with a formula that can take into account future developments in technology, adoption, usage, costs, and other factors that critically play into reaching the "ideal" blockchain cap.


Unfortunately this is impossible.  While miners could theoretically factor in those things, the most important variables are the node-health of the network versus attackers, the health of the fee network versus a 51% attack, and the cost of operating a node versus the utility of running a node.  Those variables are not something software could possibly have available even if we worked out a formula.
The variables you named on the other hand have only a small correlation with blocksize desired (i.e., mempool might indicate increased adoption, but for the costs for node operators to balance increased adoption would need to coincide with increased prices which takes a much longer time than mempool data would be available for.  Fees are almost impossible because it doesn't know the bitcoin price, so a given number could be huge or tiny.  Difficulty reflects either price, asic technology, or miner margins, but doesn't provide any real useful hints about the progress of technology in the real world.)
What's needed is a system that doesn't ignore big blockers or small blockers, and doesn't let miners act without careful restraints.  Here is my proposal:
 I'd like some thoughtful feedback if people have the time.
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:05:05


Not really.  We already serve 0.02% of the world's transactions.  Paypal is 1.5% of the world's transactions, and no investor would call Paypal a rounding error.
Nodes as cheap as $500 per month could let us beat Paypal's volume.  You want a $30,000 bitcoin price?  That's how you get a $30,000 bitcoin price.  Almost any hodler on the planet could afford $500 a month for the rest of their life if Bitcoin went to $30,000.  Nearly any dedicated Bitcoin-related business could also afford $500 a month, that's a rounding error compared to normal business expenses.  Fuck it, I'll commit to running a full node for the rest of my life if Bitcoin gets a blockchain size increase that isn't just a short term band-aid.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:07:42


Segwit doesn't solve anything though.  The choice shouldn't be segwit or BU, that's just a false dilemma. The choice is segwit and BU, or segwit and some other blocksize increase.
@_date: 2017-03-28 06:13:37






Only if miners were completely unanimous.  When has that ever happened in the history of the blocksize debate?  If SW's 35% voted against BU's 40%, and the rest of the miners did not vote, blocksize growth would come to a halt.  You don't think any miners would dissent?
All of Bitcoin's growth is exponential, so no linear solution can suffice.  Price is up +44% per year for 5 years.  Transactions, 65% per year.  Forum posts, VC capital investments, none of the growth is linear.
Yes, home users may eventually stop running a node.  But that is inevitable - Currently it costs ~0.01 BTC per month to operate a node(based on amoritized bandwidth, hdd costs), and ~0.0003 BTC to reliably send transactions with the node.  Technology improves, adoption increases, and crypto prices increase - The node cost falls and transaction fees rise.  Without blocksize increases, within 10 years current trends have a month of node operation costing less than the cost to send a single transaction. Home users will stop running nodes anyway because they are not using Bitcoin, so arbitrarily restricting node costs is self defeating.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:20:49
"A substantial portion" of the global volume being done on regulated (i.e., Bitlicense, fincen / AML filings in nearly all 50 states, etc) exchanges, and those exchanges having the SSA's would be sufficient.
They didn't define substantial, but implied it would be at least 10% of trading volume if not much more.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:30:35


Right, that's the users acting through the market forces that traders leverage for profits.
Nodes don't factor into that at all.  Nodes protect from different types of attacks and provide an extremely high level of transaction verification.  They don't decide the rules, the longest chain does that unless the users/markets punish the longest chain into oblivion.  Not nodes.


FYI, this statement is not entirely true.  Miners aren't paid for a service.  Miners are exploited against eachother for the benefit of the network.  The volume of the payment provides for an equivalent-sized shield against an outside attacker seeking control.
The main difference between what I wrote and what you wrote is that miners don't serve or obey, they aren't supposed to.  They just follow the rules and protect.  They are also users, so harming users must harm themselves.  This makes them neither enemies of the users nor do they serve at the pleasure of the users.  They're just a different group with different mechanisms and priorities that happen to mostly intertwine.
Many people view them as either a service provider that should do as the customer wants, or as an enemy to never be trusted.  Both ideas cause big problems in the blocksize debate - The blocksize debate is about future node operational costs versus future transaction costs.
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:04:12


How much data is the game state, and how frequent are the updates?  If it is small, this is feasible.  If it is large, this becomes a big problem.  So to put it in perspective, if you wanted to create a MMO chess game, this is potentially a valid use - Because the number of possible pieces is small and the possible positions for those pieces is also small, there's a small amount of game state data.  Because each move is human involved and most likely time-bound (to make the game practical/playable/thought provoking) there's a managable number of updates.
In the flip case, consider something like an MMO minecraft.  Lets say the viewing distance is constrained heavily to an 8 chunk radius; that's potentially 201 chunks x 65,536 blocks = 13 million blocks per player to be kept track of and stored in the chain in just one player's viewing range, and each block has at least 256 bits of possible blockID's if not more(i.e. mods).  As players separate/explore the data added increases dramatically.  Updates to the world state would need to happen very frequently as players move around otherwise they couldn't see eachother moving or breaking blocks/building.  Even worse, mobs like cows and chickens update even without players, and potentially hundreds of these need to update their state.  That's too much data, far too fast, for a blockchain.


Where's the mining happen?  Is it tied to bitcoin's PoW?  If you don't have a good number of miners, you don't have tamper-proof guarantees.
Really it comes down to what you're trying to do.  A blockchain dropbox (for example) is a terrible idea from a technical perspective because each node replicates every bit of data and Dropbox is **HUGE**.  Different example, a blockchain that published only news headlines from around the world is a very technically workable idea because of the limited size and volume of the data.  A blockchain that published text-only versions of Wikipedia articles might be feasible, but current Wikipedia volume of updates is pushing the limits of feasibility there - 10TB of history data as of 2013(i.e., fullnode storage size), with the current text of all articles (i.e. UTXO size) of only 51 GB as of 2015.  Its an interesting question, but I do believe that Wikipedia text articles might be feasible on a blockchain (though the frequency of edits, talk conversations, volume of syncing, etc, might prove to be impractical).
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:42:12
You are correct, but not until the price and economic usage of Bitcoin is high enough for many businesses and wealthy individuals(and charities) to justify running a node, and until client-only options are available for people not running nodes at home.
@_date: 2017-03-28 04:46:49
So why can't we work towards a compromise hard fork proposal so we can end the war?
Here's a new proposal to do exactly that.  Feedback welcome: 
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:06:16


No, they won't because libertarian ideals are not sufficient to supplant the entire financial industry.  A different coin that offers both high security for those who need it and is also reasonably usable will win over libertarian ideals every single day.
Bitcoin can serve both high-security users' needs and also low-fee users' needs by having the high security needs pay for their security by running a full node.
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:56:44
Right, but pre-fork there's almost no way for them to know what might happen, and they don't know who might accept their forked coins in the future either.  It all becomes quite a messy big gamble, and everyone will suffer for it- I really wish core would negotiate with bu and offer some alternatives that makes more people happy.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:43:26


Small users are either going to be priced out of validating transactions or they're going to be priced out of adding new ones; The global scale of transactions (426 billion/year in 2015, &gt; 998 terabytes of data a year, and growing by 10% per year) gives us no choice in the matter.  Pricing them out of validation is much less painful than pricing them out of transacting at all, since pricing them out of transacting at all means they won't validate shit anyway.


You could check multiple sources for validation, among other things.  But there are many reasons why someone would use Bitcoin even without validation - International transaction requirements, government control resistance, and taking advantage of Bitcoin's network effects among those.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:14:29
That's not very strong logic.  When you extrapolate the 10x reduction in bandwidth required that he admits himself is possible, and compare that against the bandwidth that any serious miner would be able to reasonably acquire in the future when Bitcoin prices and tx volume are high enough to require it, we can very nearly reach the global demand for transaction volumes across any medium.
I say this having originally used similar logic to support smaller blocks, but once I worked out all of the math I realized that bigger blocks are very functional up to extremely large scales if we just stop pricing node operational costs in dollars.  If we price node operational costs in Bitcoins (i.e., acceptable node operational costs == 0.01 BTC/month), we can reach stunningly large blocksizes without any issues, and fees remain quite reasonable (though somewhat higher than where they are today).
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:57:38


... Is a line of thinking that will limit Bitcoin's future price growth to distinctly not-moon levels and allow an altcoin that offers a balance of all needs to replace Bitcoin.
Bitcoin wants to supplant the operation of the entire financial world.  Libertarian philosophies don't accomplish that, having a better product more suited to more people does that.
@_date: 2016-06-17 20:53:42
Does that directly relate to the contract bug that caused the issue?
(Serious, not a sarcastic question)
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:19:28
This.  People don't realize how incredibly price sensitive mining is.  I've seen it firsthand, it is going to be a bloodbath when the price keeps falling.  The panic and fear of the users/hodlers will be nothing compared to the miners who can't pay their electric bills and rent.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:35:45




Yes, difficult.  But the Winkelvoss twins knew it was going to be difficult, and so did the markets/analysts.  Most of them were predicting 25% chance of approval or less.  But not impossible, and their denial was about ensuring the rules that have been laid out in the last 100 years to protect the average person who wishes to invest in something.
The reason they denied it was because history has shown that if an investment security doesn't have enough liquidity (Trade volume) in regulated exchanges, it can be manipulated by a small number of wealthy individuals, and the people who get suckered are the average mom n pop investor.  Preventing that requires, among other things, that the exchanges be on the lookout for certain trading patterns and trends, and notify the SEC so the SEC can prosecute the manipulators and prevent people from losing their money.  You should read up on some of the fraud that lead to these rules - Today we take it for granted that if you buy stock in a company, they can't fuck you over and effectively just take your money, but that wasn't always the case.  The unsafe stocks have been regulated to the pink sheets("penny stocks") which most average investors are steered away from because they amount of manipulation in those stocks is rampant.
They also wanted to see regulated exchanges set up that offer options trading, margin trading, and other things that help balance out the power that a few large individuals could wield.  That can be done by first setting up the process through the CFTC and is going to be colossally expensive and just as slow as the SEC process but for different reasons.
They didn't even touch on the idea that miners, and people like BU proponents, could dramatically affect the price by their actions, to the detriment of uninformed individual investors who didn't understand what BU meant or why it would have an effect on the price.  There are lots of reasons why Bitcoin isn't ready for the ETF step yet.
@_date: 2016-06-22 16:46:58
I don't think that's a fair characterization of the situation that ethereum is facing.  Even disregarding Dao holders they're damned if they do and damned if they don't.  The bug happened because the singularity language hid the complex vulnerability well enough that multiple code reviews by experts and open source reviewers missed it until it was far too late.  If they tried to pretend it was 100% the Dao's fault, they'd still have a lot of explaining to do.  Not to mention that by percentage of market cap it is a lot bigger than the mtgox theft, represents a much more clear-cut provable theft, and if not addressed it would be a permanent black mark on Ethereums' name.  If they do hard fork then they get bashed by every other crypto that didn't, and if they don't they get a deservedly bad reputation for security and safe useability.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:16:21
Bitcoin can't reach $10,000 until people accept that blocksizes must increase to allow that level of adoption to happen.  The blocksize debate is about Bitcoin's future node operational costs versus future transaction fees.  A bunch of libertarian die-hards are letting philosophy trump growth and holding back Bitcoin as much as BU is.
@_date: 2017-01-27 17:21:41


The average person hates outsourcing (or, in developing countries, generally doesn't understand it since it only affects a small proportion of their population), will never interact with an international freelancer in their life, and is not an immigrant sending home money(but if they are, Moneygram is currently less effort, more reliable, and costs less due to exchange fees/withdrawal fees/limitations and is faster.  BTC can't be used in the remittance destinations yet, so "sending BTC" can only be compared to moneygram after exchanging on both sides.)


You do realize that [69 percent of the U.S.]( has under $1000 in "savings" and of those earning more than $75k, [25% have less]( than 3 months worth of savings.
Your statement is still fine as long as you acknowledge that the vast majority of people in the U.S. don't even meet your conditions. ("Responsible" + "Middle-class or higher" + "Middle-aged or older" + "First world country")


This isn't built yet, wouldn't be free, is another extra thing to be built on top of the Blockchain, and isn't functionally any different from existing escrow services in developed nations with a reliable justice system(though should eventually be much cheaper).  I don't disagree that that is where we are going to head, but that statement isn't going to convince any skeptics.


Which is the very thing that I'm saying is not appropriate for on-chain transacting long-term.


Its trivial for someone to build an automated fraud system and then exploit the hell out of any businesses that follow zeroconf.


I'll time mine next time I go - It is slower than swiping, but I don't think I've seen 15 seconds.  Plus the effort of inserting/removing the chip card into the reader is still much, much easier than the effort of trying to type scan a QR code and type in a long, secure, complex password (with people waiting behind you and watching you).


We would have to define the cutoff, but there is absolutely a cutoff that would fit that requirement.  My point is not necessarily that we define such a cutoff here and now or talk about what's reasonable - The markets and sufficient time can help us work out exactly where that should be and weigh the tradeoffs.  But my real point is that everyone that is a part of the Bitcoin community must accept that there must be and will be a cutoff below which the transactions cannot feasibly use the main chain for storage or main network for relaying.  There's simply too many people on the planet and too many transactions globally for Bitcoin to possibly hope to handle them all.  Today that number is ~426 billion - 1.9 GB blocksize required which is 998 terabytes of data a year.  But that 426 billion number has been growing by 10% PER YEAR for the last 5 years at least.  There's no hope of Bitcoin being able to even make any dent in that number that would even be visible on any non-logarithmic scale graph.  What we can do, though, is (eventually) grab all of the large international transactions and all of the ones that are a good fit for what Bitcoin offers.


This isn't a one year plan, this isn't a 5-year plan.  This is a 30-40 year plan.  Right now Bitcoin isn't even big enough to satisfy the sheer size needs of those transactions.  One BTC needs to be worth over $20,000 for us to make a dent in that, and the technological debates, vulnerability findings, and block rewards/transaction fees/mining hashrates need to have settled out to stable levels before Bitcoin's price will level out.  In the meantime, we have 11 years until the block rewards start to become insignificant, and if transaction fees haven't picked up the slack by then, we'll be seriously vulnerable to a financially-motivated or government-motivated 51% attack.  So we have 11 years to fix the transaction fees, and we also have at least 15 years to build the services that are needed before the big dogs begin using Bitcoin in this way.  (And then, the price will continue to go up because of the new demand)
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:53:26
No blockchain can store every single $2.00 purchase made every single day by every single human forever and be operable.  It will never happen because meshnets like Blockchains don't scale in that fashion.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:18:17


Worldwide transaction volume grows by 8-10% per year.  The technological gains alone get us absolutely nowhere.
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:24:37
Blockchain technologies are not a good fit for $5 transactions.  It cannot and never will be able to scale to support widespread adoption at that level.
Every single $5 transaction that happens must be stored FOREVER in the blockchain history.  Forever is a very, very long time, and your logic is going to gradually make Bitcoin unusable in the distant future where it has the most potential value.  Bitcoin is not a solution to every single financial problem in the world - It is a highly efficient system for settling, verifying, and storing large international, government-proof funds and transactions.
@_date: 2017-01-04 19:49:54
I used to think that, though not as high, but this is moving too fast.  Real price changes take time; Huge spikes cause huge temporary interest.  Temporary interest runs out of steam and becomes a panicked free fall.
@_date: 2016-06-17 23:52:22
Hmm, seems like in a sufficiently complex system the number of ways something could be made to fail could be very high.  I guess it depends on the layers built on top.  But supposedly members of the Ethereum team themselves looked over Dao code and approved it.  If that can happen, that implies to me that the problem is big enough that adding more looking and detecting won't be sufficient.
I'm trying to think of any other examples of places where untrusted sources can write arbitrary code to be executed on a main server/datastore system.  One instance would be code tests like ideone or virtual machines like aws, but both of those are highly sandboxed to prevent hacks.  Another that comes to mind is like world of Warcraft addons, but as is normal the code there executes on the clients not the servers.  Even that eventually had to be restricted eventually so that only blizzard signed add-ons could call certain functions(this was many years ago when i wrote code for that, may be different now).
Maybe there's a similar example that I'm not thinking of where it is fine to not restrict untrusted execution, it just seems so fraught with peril to me that I think Ethereum is walking into a minefield.
@_date: 2017-01-26 17:25:35


That's short term thinking.  That helps some people who turn it on; If everyone turned pruning on, Bitcoin would cease to work.  In the distant future(100+ years) if we had only a small group ("centralized") storing the full blockchain history for syncing, then we are burdening those few with substantially higher storage requirements for no benefit of their own and providing them no motivation to continue to do so.
Bitcoin isn't supposed to work like that - It is supposed to motivate people to do the right things for the betterment of the network/everyone.  Even worse than the storage requirement, we'd be offloading the substantial bandwidth costs to those few full-history nodes to bear all their own, and bandwidth costs are not dropping as fast as storage costs.
@_date: 2017-01-11 20:58:40
It is an un-resolvable "design flaw" that is central to every blockchain currency, including the new kid on the block Ethereum.  The only thing that could be done about it would be to hard-code a certain history(or utxo state) into every client, which makes it more difficult for Bitcoin to claim it is truly decentralized and un-modifiable (though it would be still true for all practical purposes).
The utxo issues could be partially mitigated by a hard fork where clients would drop dust transactions from the utxo, and miners would refuse to mine dust transactions.  I'm not sure if the changes made a few years back to adjust the "dust" transaction fee minimums already accomplished these things for the utxo.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:35:23
Someone has to store the transactions forever or else Blockchains can't be trustless.
Look beyond your nose, we're not making decisions for the next 2-3 years, we're making decisions for the next 2-3 hundred years.  Forever is a very, very long time.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:24:06


How centralized is acceptable?


Who will we pick to arbitrarily burden them with the heavy costs of our short-sighted decisions today?


Bootstrapped from whom?  Who will they trustlessly bootstrap from, and what will ensure that that centralized source remains trustless and secure?


That's a bigger deal than you are implying.  Right now Bitcoin can be said to be truly decentralized and can't be controlled by force upon the core developers.  If we start doing that, we become dependent upon the trustworthiness of future code revisions.  Right now a powerful government could approach the core devs and demand a change, and they could rightfully say it is impossible.  Once they are the gatekeepers of the blockchain history, that's no longer the case.  It might not matter... Or it might matter a lot.
Edit: Now I see that you're talking about the miners automatically checkpointing themselves.  That exposes the blockchain to a false history attack.  It would be safer to hardcode the UTXO state every N years than to create that attack vector.
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:03:14


Interesting, didn't know that.  Who knows if such a thing will ever become practical, but it is an interesting theory.


Not ideal because Bitcoin would not function.
Taken to the extreme, having a blocksize limit of 1 transaction per block would not be beneficial for Bitcoin in the long term, for many obvious reasons.
To the other extreme, 1GB blocks would have the lowest fees of all, but eventually become similarly unusable, I'm sure you could agree.  Unfortunately, 1 GB blocks would not be big enough to satisfy all worldwide noncash transactions(426 billion) - that would take 1.9GB blocks or 998 terabytes of data on the blockchain every year.
Somewhere in between there's a happy figure of how many transactions would be "most beneficial."  But it is highly subjective.


It is absolutely contentious.  I and many others are opposed to increasing the blocksize at all until the other problems associated with it are dealt with.  I'm not opposed to segwit because it is more efficient and enables other things.
The biggest issue here is that people need to give up the idea that Bitcoin can or will be used by regular random people with on-chain transactions, or that Bitcoin can or will be used for small transactions like a $5 starbucks in the long term view.  It isn't possible, it isn't practical, and it isn't going to happen.
Instead, the focus needs to be on services that will be built on top of Bitcoin.  I expect within 40 years for a huge proportion of the financial industry to rebuild their services to sit on top of the blockchain, utilizing things like lightning and peered settlement networks to replace VISA's authoritative settlement services.  VISA may become a peered settler themselves or facilitate the peering network, who knows.
After people accept that, we can stop whining about having to pay transaction fees and instead talk about how to ensure that mining income doesn't fall below the necessary amounts required to invalidate a 51% attack.  A dynamic blocksize based upon the average fee total+block rewards would be a good starting point I think, but not relevant for the next 4 years because the block reward is still high enough to discourage a financially-motivated 51% attacker.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:54:54


Know this for sure do ye, and willing to bet the entire future of the currency on it, yes?
500 terabytes is approximately 1 byte for every 23 million atoms on a Usb circuit board, and 1 byte for every 1000 electrons in a 1-amp circuit powering it.  Eventually our data storage - and every other computing resource - is going to run into problems due to the physical limitations of the universe.  Its completely unreasonable to say that trends seen over the last 30 years are going to sustain for the next 100 years.
Not a bet a long-term-planned conservative digital currency should make, either.
Data transfer rates as you mention are *A* problem with blockchain scaling, but they are far from the only problem with increasing blocksizes.
A bigger problem is that this push to lower transaction fees to the point where "everyone can participate without any burden" may make it financially viable to 51% attack the network.  See my comment here:
When planning and discussing changes like this to something like Bitcoin, you have to think way farther than next year, you have to think farther out than your own lifetime.  Otherwise its just another shitcoin that no one will remember in 40 years and people will continue with gold and dollars.
@_date: 2017-01-26 18:49:48


Here's my comment that explains the problem: 
Effectively, transaction fees are supposed to make it economically unfeasible for someone to attack Bitcoin.  Short selling something on the other hand, allows a speculator to profit from its decline.  If transaction fees don't become substantial enough to do their job, we lose our only protection against Bitcoin's only known flaw/attack vector.


The block reward halving guarantees that miners will earn less.  Making miners earn less isn't even a problem, just wait 8 years.  The real problem is making sure that miners earn enough long term to keep a 51% attack at bay.


High net worth / volume / international users (Groups, individuals, and services) who need the security and protections Bitcoin provides, like the lightning service providers.  Eventually nearly everyone else would use Bitcoin too, they just wouldn't realize they are using it because the service providers would handle all of the settlement issues.
This isn't a new environment I'm pushing for.  This is what is going to happen or Bitcoin will fail.  It doesn't matter how much we try to scale Bitcoin up to allow small transactions to participate - Unless we break the system(and crash to zero), it will ALWAYS be more beneficial for large players to utilize what Bitcoin offers than it will be for small individuals.  Reasons:
1. Regular people don't need their currency to be able to cross international boundaries with no effort - How many times a month do you seriously send money to anyone who uses a completely different currency?  For the average person that is zero times per month.
2. Regular people don't need their money to be secured against government manipulation - Their savings are so small in comparison to their wages (which adjust to fit situations) that the only reason they would care about government manipulation is purely philosophical or ideological.
3. Regular people don't need a **digital** currency - Credit cards and bank accounts have become, for any practical purchase, fully online currencies.
4. For regular people, trustless transaction settlement is a NEGATIVE because they can no longer get a refund for a mistake or a bad or shady product or service.  It strips them of protections they rely on every day.
5. For regular people, any confirmation time above 3 seconds is too long, credit cards have trained us.  That can't be done on-chain - If we had 3x-5x the number of nodes, many transactions wouldn't even propagate that fast, not to mention the difficulty(impossibility?) of securing a non-reversible payment so that the transaction can be done so fast.
It blows my mind that people still think Bitcoin will be used for every day transactions for regular people in anything even remotely like its current form.  Look at the situation for the large players:
1. Many large players need currencies to move internationally with ease and with little to no delay.  Many Fortune 50 companies have entire departments whose only job is to ensure that the right amount of money gets to the right country/currency in a usable form and without massive transaction fees.  Huge proportions of banks' businesses revolve around this and a huge sector of the financial industry.  It is a huge, huge, very costly problem - so big that exchange rate gains/losses are generally a first-paragraph reporting item for quarterly earnings reports to shareholders even if it has **nothing** to do with their business!
2. Many large players have such massive amounts of funds stored in fiat-backed currencies that a very slight amount of inflation can cost people their jobs or kill expansion projects for the company.  They have lobbyists and lawyers - whole teams sometimes - whose only job is to push for the fewest hurtful policy changes and the most helpful policy changes.  Locking down the value outside the control of the federal reserve (or Euro bank, or any other body) would be a huge gain in efficiency and productivity.
3. The main benefit of being digital for large players comes from illegal activities, and a small benefit for reducing secure storage costs.  Like it or not, illegal financial activity can and will make use of Bitcoin for tax evasion, laundering, and settling transactions between illegal entities.  Similarly, like it or not, the government is going to be mining the shit out of the blockchain attempting to trace and tie addresses to illegal activity.
4. For large international transactions, trustless transaction settlement is absolutely huge.  International shippers still use physical hard copies at port because they don't trust eachother or the ports.  For illegal groups, it is essential.  Even for large banks, they have teams of lawyers whose only day to day job is to make sure (between customers and eachother) that if a mistaken transaction happens, the bank gets their money back - and that the bank isn't forced to give money back for a mistake that they already paid out to a different entity.
5. For large international transactions, a confirmation time of an hour would be glorious.  They typically wait days.  For illegal activity it can take weeks or months to smuggle the money.
There's no question.  Bitcoin was never made for small transactions done by individuals.  Even if it was and the above didn't apply, it would still have massive scaling problems.  Bitcoin can hit a theoretical maximum of ~220 million transactions per year at a 1mb blocksize.  For credit cards in the U.S. alone that target is 26.3 billion - So just to match credit cards and ONLY in the U.S., that's 119 MB blocksizes that would be needed.  How about worldwide non-cash transactions?  426 billion - 1.9 gigabyte blocksizes which is 998 terabytes of data every year.  It. Cannot. Be. Done.


Thanks for the lesson, but I actually meant what I said - dust transactions.  


No, it is relevant and practical.  0.00005 btc is a tiny amount of BTC out of the total 21,000,000, about 2 trillionths' of the total.  Two trillionths is an unfathomably tiny number.  Depending on the bitcoin price it may or may not be a tiny amount of "money."  But facilitating tiny transactions means facilitating ever larger numbers of transactions and larger amounts of data.  A globally distributed database where everyone gets a copy and everyone processes everything that goes through the DB (multiple times even!) is an awful terrible horribly bad idea.  A globally distributed database where only a small number of things people are willing to pay for can make it into the database is a fantastic idea.


I have, and his writings and posts.  Satoshi himself absolutely never expected or intended Bitcoin to handle tiny transactions at high volume.  He even predicted the death of profitable home mining, which has come to pass.


No, what I'm describing is the cold hard reality.  Bitcoin cannot do what you want it to do, it is impossible.  Bitcoin was designed for the banking system to rebuild itself on top of Bitcoin, like the internet was built on top of tcp/ip but regular people barely know what tcp/ip is.


You've not understood.  Lightning is not a batch of thousands of transactions that must be published to the blockchain.  Lightning allows for thousands, even millions of back-and-forth transactions to be rolled into a single transaction which can be published at any time by either party.


Again you're stuck in this mindset that Bitcoin must somehow allow tiny transactions to occur between anyone, anytime.  It. Cannot. Do. That.  I'm sorry if you were mislead by other people who hoped it could.  Lightning can't enable that - 7 billion people means you have 7 billion squared possible lightning contracts between people - 49 Quintillion possible contracts.  There isn't enough ram in the world to handle that utxo.  What lightning allows is for thousands or millions of individual transactions - of any size - to share a single transaction fee across them.  To get there, first you have to have a way to batch thousands or millions of individual transactions, hence, settlement processors who aggregate together.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:40:27




Arguing with conspiracy theorists is going to be fruitless and frustrating. :(
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:18:14


Lightning networks are not Bitcoin.  Very cool and a possible solution, but they are not on-chain and thus don't have the on-chain considerations and limitations.  Lightning networks would benefit from the blocksize NOT being increased, to speed adoption of them.
Lightning networks also essentially require bank-like multi-party groupings with a trusted signer facilitating links between other trusted signers.  No one is going to establish a lightning contract for every single entity they purchase from - it isn't practical, and thus isn't the same as Bitcoin.


Find me that quote - I don't doubt that someone said something like that, but most likely their comment(like Bill Gates' comment about ram) was based on their perception that no one would ever NEED to scale beyond that.  When Bill Gates made his comment about RAM, it A. wasn't intended to mean for all eternity, and B. No one at that time could imagine any situation that called for 64 GB of ram outside of datacenter-style scaled computing.
Its basically an argument from ignorance fallacy.  "We don't know that we can't scale Bitcoin, so therefore we can."
But the situation with Bitcoin is nothing like the situation with tcp/ip.  Many very smart people WANT to scale Bitcoin, myself included, the problem is that we are ALSO aware of the trade-offs.  If you are storing 1mb per block today, you're storing 565GB per year... Forever.  In 100 years that's 565 TB just to securely  sync up with the bitcoin network.  If we increased the blocksize to 8gb, that's 4.2 PB instead.  Not every facet of computing will scale easily - Look at things like the Nintendo DS where many developers still had to resort to crazy memory hacks to fit their modern games in tiny ram + footprints.  4.2 PB blockchains might make Bitcoin completely unworkable if we colonized other planetary bodies in the solar system because the bandwidth between the planets would be too slow.  Even if every facet of computing resources continues to scale(for the next 100-500 years!) as it has for the last 30 years(A tiny amount of time for computing technology!), eventually computing resources will begin to hit hard physical limits that can't be broken.  Intel is already hitting those with their chips- They could no longer continue to decrease the die size and increase frequency on a single-core processor, so they began adding multiple cores.  That technically falls within the definition of Moore's Law, but for many single-threaded programs Moore's Law has been broken.
These are very real tradeoffs of us trying support cramming $5 transactions onto a blockchain to be stored forever, and ignoring them would be shortsighted and stupid of us.  Let lightning networks and third party services provide for the $5 transactions and settle 100,000 of them at a time on the Blockchain with a single transaction.  THAT'S how Bitcoin can scale, not by blocksize increases.
@_date: 2016-06-17 22:20:12
That does actually.  That seems like a huge oversight on both Ethereums part and the Dao.  Allowing a potential attacker to run arbitrary code and giving the author of the code no way to sandbox or limit the things that the attacker can do... If there was a sandbox or permission system, the authors of the original contract would be able to safely make a lot more assumptions about the code of potential attackers in my mind
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:34:15


Because that's a reductio ad absurdum fallacy?
Your implication is right - that there's some level of transaction volume that will have the best possible benefits for Bitcoin in the long run - but finding that level is very difficult to do.  Doing it because coffee transactions is stupid short term logic and shouldn't be a part of the debate.
The real debate should be about the problem that transaction fees are supposed to solve - Making a 51% on Bitcoin financially unfeasible.  Right now we're protected by the block rewards.  Past 2028 that's no longer true, they're too small.  The daily payouts to miners(total reward+fees) needs to remain somewhere near 1,000 BTC a day or else it begins to become viable for a wealthy group to massively short-sell Bitcoins and deploy a 51% attack capable mining operation and still turn a profit if the entire mining operation is a loss.
Any blocksize debate needs to focus around that rather than the technological limitations (which are difficult to define or predict 10+ years from now) and definitely stay away from the "coffee purchases must be accommodated" concepts.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:03:55


That is impossible for blockchain technologies.  Meshnets do not scale linearly- every transaction must be retransmitted to every single node in the network AND must be stored forever, as in at minimum hundreds of years we should consider.  That simply can't be done with every $5 transaction on the planet.  Bitcoin must be and will be used for large or complex transactions or storage of funds that require its security and features; Sidechains and third party platforms built on top of Bitcoin must fill in where Bitcoin cannot.
@_date: 2017-01-26 22:11:54
This is not going to be a popular opinion but this is the way that Bitcoin will head, invariably.  Bitcoin isn't going to be able to break the common law legal system and was never meant to.  It breaks financial hegemony and inflationary theft.


This has happened/is happening, and will always be the case.  Exchanges are a gateway between two financial worlds- they must follow the rules of both systems simultaneously.


This is not going to happen because it is impossible.  However Businesses that frequently transact with Bitcoin or wind up holding bitcoins suspected of being involved in illegal activities are going to eventually have to share all of their clients transaction data.  They haven't recommended it yet because there's not enough businesses for it to be apparent that this will happen.


Wherever they can, they're going to shut these down.  Bitcoin is pseudonymous; Regular users desiring privacy don't need mixers to hide their activity, they can do so just fine with simple precautions like not re-using addresses.


I wish/hope they don't do that, but that's where things are headed.  The reason being that *most* of the ways people GET that unexplained wealth is through illegal activity.  It isn't fair, but most likely these laws will have the highest payoffs for catching criminals and then figuring out what actual real laws they broke.
Note, I don't support any of this - The war on drugs for example is ridiculous, stupid, and hurtful to everyone, and that's many of the people that will be caught up by things like the above.  The world doesn't care what we want or what I want - this is where we are going to end up.  The war on drugs itself is a separate fight from Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:44:39
No, its not.  Bitcoin is fundamentally not a company and doesn't function like one.  You can't just add another blockchain alongside the first.  Every transaction must be transmitted to and from every single peer in the network AND must be stored *forever* by the network.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:40:31
Yes, see my comment here:
If you want I can detail the assumptions and numbers that went into it.  I was surprised by how large a proportion of the Bitcoins in circulation it encompassed as well, but keep in mind that more than 75% of revenue for miners goes straight into electricity bills.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:43:45
No, it can't.  Peer to peer networks which must store all transactions *FOREVER* don't scale.
@_date: 2017-01-03 07:46:30
Impossible to know, anyone who tells you they know when to sell is full of shit.
I will say though, the faster it goes up, the more I want to sell.  The spike at the end of all previous crashes was really, really steep.  Like, nearly a 100% gain within a week fast.
@_date: 2017-01-11 23:27:25


I've mostly been too busy in the past few years to stop and spend time arguing with the recklessly uninformed.  Maybe that's what the situation was with many of the actually-informed... lol
I probably should stop posting and get back to work, but meh, lol.  This is interesting.


This idea sounds good in theory but I'm skeptical of it being implemented in practice.  There can be many different completely valid competing blockchain histories.  A client will only listen to the blockchain history which is the "longest" - the one that has the most total computational hashes behind it in its total history.  The proof of this without that history would also need to prove, un-forgably, that the total amount of work done for chain X is ___.  (Or at least, greater than any other valid blockchain history an attacker could forge).  That's hard to do and I don't know if that fits in with the zero-knowledge proof algorithms.


Not sure what you mean by that, do you mean consistency in the application of the block rules?  Below block x, apply rules xyz.  After block x, apply rules abc.


@_date: 2017-01-11 21:27:30
I understand what you are saying, but speaking as a programmer I do agree with the word "flaw."  I don't think it is a fatal flaw by any means, but it is a huge problem and I'm not sure "cost" does it justice.
The reason I think it is a flaw is because there is no other decentralized system in the world where the data bounds grow to infinity.  I suppose there is a theoretical upper bound on the amount of utxo's based on total bitcoins times dust transactions, so in theory the utxo size will eventually taper off.
The full history of transactions will never taper off.  100 years from now it will continue to get bigger and bigger and bigger.  100 years may not be sufficient to cause us big problems, but 1000 years may be enough that we reach un-solvable physical limitations that force centralization of the Bitcoin history and synchronization, or where Bitcoin itself becomes unfeasible as a transaction medium with interstellar travel physical limitations in effect.  That may sound ridiculous, but none of the architects of Bitcoin should consider timelines of less than 50 years, and considering a thousand year timeline is not unreasonable for what Bitcoin is and will become(Many leases on large structures, for example, are frequently as long as a century and some are for hundreds of years).  One of the big arguments to give Bitcoin value is that it can eventually become as stable as or more stable than gold as a store of value over any foreseeable time period, but better.  If Bitcoin has eventual hard limitations that may eventually make it inoperable in society, that's a big blow to that argument.
To me, that's a flaw.  I believe eventually Bitcoin will be forced to abandon synchronization from the genesis block entirely, and that's going to be a contentious and difficult argument/time period in Bitcoin's history.
@_date: 2017-01-01 18:59:42
You don't pick which order you fill, the exchange matches the highest/lowest on each side to maximize profit for each offer
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:37:18


This is the tragedy of the commons at play.  Individuals are demanding lower transaction fees because they want to pay less, but they ignore what the transaction fees pay for.
An average 600 byte transaction will cost the network around 6 cents to store for the next few hundred years.  I calculated that from S3 storage and bandwidth prices, assumed the price of storage and bandwidth continued to drop by 1.5% per year, and assumed we stay at ~5000 full history Bitcoin nodes, and changing the assumptions don't change much since most of the cost comes within the next 15 years anyway.
But more importantly, transaction fees are needed to pay for miners to secure the network from attackers.  As the Bitcoin network grows more popular and stable, it will become a bigger target from countries or high net worth organizations that want to manipulate it like a stock.  If they amass a huge sum of money and short the Bitcoin net worth for X% of its total value, there needs to be enough mining power to make a 51% attack (mining farm built for the purposes of driving down the price to profit from the short) not viable.  There can only be enough mining power if the total sum of transaction fees picks up where the block reward drops off.
There's a way to estimate the mining rewards versus the total Bitcoins that would have to be shorted to be a viable attack.  The price of Bitcoin drops out of the equation and within 5 years the total number of Bitcoins becomes (effectively) static as well, so that leads to this rough estimation table:
Our current transaction fees are ~100 btc per day.  If they don't increase, someone would only have to gain a profit of 2% of the total net worth to justify building a mining farm that would 51% attack the currency.  With leveraged shorting and high-net-worth organizations, that's *fucking nothing.*  We start to be in real danger if transaction fees haven't increased by ~2028.
@_date: 2017-01-27 17:33:27


You are right, but someone is going to factor it into their operational budgets to evaluate the worthwhile-ness of providing a full history node.  If there's few full-history nodes, we become vulnerable to someone forming a new chain to fool incoming nodes, and we rely on the charity of a few to keep the network even running.


It makes sense (to me) that, in the future, at least all of the mining pools will run a full-history node, so that's the only relation between the two.  But otherwise there's an even worse point than what you're making now... It doesn't even matter what it costs to store each transaction, there's nearly zero financial motivation for someone to pay that cost, the only reason it works for now is that fully storing the blockchain is a relatively minor imposition.
As I type this, I note that we are days away from breaking 100 GB in blockchain size.  I'll continue to run a full history node but that's 1/5th of the hard drive it is running on. :(


Everybody still must receive, retransmit, repeatedly receive-discard, and validate each transaction though, and validate each block containing transactions.  Even that will break down if we tried to scale large enough.
For reference, if Bitcoin tried to handle all non-cash transactions worldwide today, that would be ~426 Billion transactions.  We would need 1.9 GB blocksizes to do that, and that would be 998 TB of data a year.  Worse, that 426 billion number is growing by 10% per year for the last 5 years.  There's no way Bitcoin can be used for small everyday transactions at scale.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:25:20


You have to make a choice on what you think Bitcoin can or will become.  Its either going to become a small niche network used by only a small number of technophiles(Freedom or death crowd), or it is going to challenge international finance and huge national currencies(To the moon crowd).
If Bitcoin challenges the big dogs, it will become impractical almost instantly to put small purchases on the blockchain.  The reason is simple: There were an estimated 426 billion non-cash transactions world-wide in 2014. If those were on the Blockchain that would require 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage space every year.
Even worse, those numbers have grown by 10% every year for the last 5 years and show no signs of stopping with 7 billion people on the planet whose economies are mostly modernizing.


7 years is NOTHING in the eternity that Bitcoin was designed for.  If Bitcoin does what we all want it to do, our lifetimes will be a tiny fraction of the Bitcoin legacy.  We have to think distantly so we don't shoot future-us in the foot.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:27:36


It is a mistake to try to cram a square peg into a round hole.  Square peg = small coffee transactions, round hole = Blockchain data storage.
First we have to accept the reality of what Bitcoin can actually do instead of trying to shoehorn in stuff that has no place in its future.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:41:49


The problem is that no one has any way to realistically estimate how transaction fees will change with larger block sizes, and ultimately all of the security will soon come from transaction fees.
Here's a reply I added lower down the thread:
This is the tragedy of the commons at play.  Individuals are demanding lower transaction fees because they want to pay less, but they ignore what the transaction fees pay for.
An average 600 byte transaction will cost the network around 6 cents to store for the next few hundred years.  I calculated that from S3 storage and bandwidth prices, assumed the price of storage and bandwidth continued to drop by 1.5% per year, and assumed we stay at ~5000 full history Bitcoin nodes, and changing the assumptions don't change much since most of the cost comes within the next 15 years anyway.
But more importantly, transaction fees are needed to pay for miners to secure the network from attackers.  As the Bitcoin network grows more popular and stable, it will become a bigger target for countries or high net worth organizations that want to manipulate it like a stock.  If they amass a huge sum of money and short the Bitcoin net worth for X% of its total value, there needs to be enough mining power to make a 51% attack (mining farm built for the purposes of driving down the price to profit from the short) not viable.  There can only be enough mining power if the total sum of transaction fees picks up where the block reward drops off.
There's a way to estimate the mining rewards versus the total Bitcoins that would have to be shorted to be a viable attack.  The price of Bitcoin drops out of the equation and within 5 years the total number of Bitcoins becomes (effectively) static as well, so that leads to this rough estimation table:
Our current transaction fees are ~100 btc per day.  If they don't increase, someone would only have to gain a profit of 2% of the total net worth to justify building a mining farm that would 51% attack the currency.  With leveraged shorting and high-net-worth organizations, that's *fucking nothing.*  We start to be in real danger if transaction fees haven't increased by ~2028.
@_date: 2017-01-27 00:13:32


Same question to you - What is the point of Bitcoin?
Everything Bitcoin offers has existed before.  Digital accounting and digitally spending money(online banking).  Wealth that can't be inflated (gold).  Trustless and semi-anonymous transactions usable by anyone(cash).  I can't think of anything Bitcoin offers that never existed before.
Offering something completely novel isn't what makes it cool; Its offering all of them together at once, securely and digitally.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:49:33
The only moneyhungry people here are those demanding that we reduce their transaction fees so they can mis-use the technology.  Blockchains will never scale to store every $5 transaction on the planet, not even in the same ballpark.
Transactions must be stored and retransmitted by the network *forever.*  That's a really, really long time.  Moreover, the purpose of fees being higher is to avoid the tragedy of the commons that will inevitably happen if Bitcoin fees+block rewards fall below the level needed to actually secure the blockchain against a motivated attacker.  That level is around 1000 BTC/day in fees+block rewards.  We're at 100 btc/day now.
@_date: 2017-01-25 23:08:12


Then we know that those fees are far from sufficient to protect the network from a short-motivated 51% attack.


The income to miners doesn't need to stay as high as it is now, but if it was under 1/2 of what it currently is, then I believe the shorted 51% attack could become quite viable- If fees got low enough it wouldn't be a matter of "if," it would be a matter of "when."


If each Bitcoin was worth $100,000, $625 for a transaction (or half that @ $300) would still be great.  The efficiency gains from being insulated from government actions and control, avoiding international exchange closing fees, and bank fees would be well worth it.  If each Bitcoin ws $100,000, a $5 transaction would be 0.00005 BTC.  That's very close to the dust limit and on the edge of what Bitcoin can handle to begin with; It isn't practical for a meshnet of thousands of copies of a single database to all store and transact such tiny numbers frequently.
If you only have a total of less than 0.1 BTC today and don't accumulate more in the next few years, you'll miss the boat.  Bitcoin isn't for the tiny transactions to settle, its for the big actors to settle millions of tiny transactions with eachother, on behalf of individuals, in a single transaction on-chain.


That's not how lightning will be used, its not just another way to stick shit on the blockchain.  Regular, individual random humans on earth do not need their individual transactions to settle on the blockchain.  Lighting allows, among other things, for you to pick a single entity that you do trust, such as a small credit union, who provide the service of interfacing with other trusted centralized parties to settle transactions between eachother constantly and only settle on-chain every week or two, to adjust the balances open for exchange with each other provider.  Trusting an entity like that isn't as bad as it sounds compared to Bitcoin - it would enable refunds and allow simple contract disputes to be settled easily, and there would be competition between different competing entities for the business of their clients' settlement.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:34:01
Spend more money you don't have so you can participate in a system that's supposed to save you money?
That'll speed adoption.
Blockchains were never meant to be able to scale to support every $5 transaction in the world.  Third party layers like lightning networks built on top of Blockchains are.
@_date: 2017-01-11 20:49:09
This is an excellent point and should not be ignored.  Don't stop reminding people of this.
Bitcoin transactions are not free, and no one should ever be allowed to pretend that they are free.  We should never ignore the consequences of this for blockchain "scaling".  Blockchains are not a good technology to replace VISA-type instantaneous confirmation, high volume, low value, and/or point-of-sale transactions, and that was never the vision of Satoshi or any other super early developer/adopter.
Blockchains are a good technology to safeguard and store increasingly large amounts of capital and to settle international transactions of a significant size.  Sidechains can resolve many scaling issues, and third party services built on top of Bitcoin fundamentals can provide VISA-like servics.
@_date: 2017-01-11 20:51:12
But higher fees are a motivator for miners, and miners are by definition also nodes.
The thing this all goes back to is that Blockchain transactions are not actually free, never were, and never will be.  They have a cost for all of eternity.  Bitcoin is not VISA.  It is different, better in many ways, but it isn't a direct competitor or replacement for VISA and never will be.
@_date: 2017-01-03 03:09:47


It will absolutely crash again, but it won't go as low after the crash as it did last time.
Nothing goes up as fast as we're currently going up, sustain-ably.  Psychology and irrational exuberance takes over and pushes the price increase from a growth correction to a bubble.  The faster it goes up, the more likely and more severe the crash will be.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:05:18


Yes, bury your head in the sand and ignore the raw technological and security problems.  That should be great for Bitcoin in 25 years!
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:01:49


Perhaps I misunderstand segwit, but as far as I know segwit decreases the size of the blocks themselves during transmission, which increases the number of transactions per block that are possible and helps miners with poor bandwidth avoid stales.  If anything it will actually increase the growth speed of the utxo, and it also won't help with the raw full-history storage requirements and may hurt them like with the utxo size.
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:31:37
You keep saying "validating" as if that were the issue.  That's just one part, unless your version of "validation" excludes downloading history blocks at all in the first place.  If by validating you are referring to effectively processing power, I agree there's things that can be done there to mitigate that, but I'm not worried about the processing power, I'm talking about the sheer unlimited dataset size.  If you're talking about skipping the downloading entirely, I'm not sure how you are proposing to have a new client securely generate the correct utxo set at startup.  As far as I am aware, we don't currently have any decentralized, trustless, and attacker-proof mechanism for reaching the current utxo set except through history downloading.
I agree that most people don't care about spent outputs for history's sake, that part could be centralized ala blockchain.info.


I'm personally fine with that, but anything that breaks the notion that Bitcoin is completely de-centralized and trustless is going to encounter significant philosophical objections from various ideologies.  What I'm (personally) not fine with is any solutions that hand-wave away the possibilities or actions of malicious attackers - The utxo set would need to be created in a fashion that no amount of dedicated attackers, and no very well funded/positioned attackers(governments, etc) could cause a client to accept the wrong utxo set.  I think this is the very big problem with what you are saying.


Who cares about forking something that no one trusts or uses heavily?  That's like saying no one has done a history revision attack on the current version of proof-of-stake based coins out there.  Of course they haven't, it isn't easy to do, but it is definitely possible to do, and that's the big unavoidable problem with proof of stake.


Again with "verification."  How do you verify that which you do not have, and how can you trust that which only a select few nodes can afford to completely store?  The problem is that Bitcoin's history is its only mechanism for securely creating the utxo.  The only way we know of to drop the history is to centralize the utxo generation (losing the argument that Bitcoin is completely decentralized and trustless) or to run the risk of attacker nodes overwhelming poorly-peered nodes.


I'm not clear exactly how this applies...


To me, that sounds like "We don't need to worry about it because we think future us can solve it."  To me that seems like shaky logic if used to justify drastic, possibly irreversible changes to the bitcoin network, such as a blocksize increase.
@_date: 2017-01-12 00:05:31


Not sure I follow - how does this tell me the amount of work behind the chain?
I could create an arbitrary blockchain history starting with the genesis block, falsify the timestamps to keep the difficulty at 1 until the chain reaches the modern day.  I'd have a valid blockchain with the same number of 80 byte headers.  How would a client determine which chain was the true chain?


At the risk of delving into overly complicated things that I may not have time to mentally unravel this week... how?


Sounds interesting, do you happen to have a link?
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:27:19


The practical technological realities of planning a currency that we want to exist for AT LEAST 200 years is not "political reasons."  Wanting to be able to spend $5 willy-nilly with disregard for the fact that the transaction must be stored *forever* is short sighted and selfish.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:08:53
It seems like my other comment was removed, perhaps because I copy/pasted?


The problem is that no one has any way to realistically estimate how transaction fees will change with larger block sizes, and ultimately all of the security will soon come from transaction fees.
Link to other comment:
@_date: 2016-11-11 23:07:35
Ethereum's blockchain is 32 gb right now.  If Ethereum were processing as many transactions as Bitcoin(40k vs 250k) and had been around for as long(1.3y vs 7.9y), its blockchain would be around 1.2 TB.
Pretending that data storage forever is free is stupid.  It costs money, securing the network costs money, and transactions must too.
@_date: 2017-01-26 03:00:11


Maybe, but I realized fairly early on that we would reach this point.  Scalability is a hard problem, and one that many companies struggle with.  For example, at large companies like Amazon you have to go through three layers of servers before your website request even begins to be processed- One layer at the DNS level so that not all web traffic is hitting the same endpoint and is split into groups. Then the second layer is a batch of "load balancer" servers.  They do literally nothing all day long except pick a different rendering server to send each request to, attempting to evenly distribute the requests across thousands of servers, as fast as they possibly can with almost no logic or overhead.
Even after that, the main rendering server may make sub-requests to other server fleets inside amazon and similarly go through another set of load balancers for those.  All that to distribute out the load so that several thousand servers can keep up with millions of requests.  I can only assume that VISA and other high-transactions-per-second services use similar splitting processes to keep up with the load.  Databases definitely do that splitting of requests to handle high-frequency request streams.
Bitcoin is the exact opposite of that.  For Bitcoin, not only is there no "load balancer" to help fragment up the loads, it is literally the worst case scenario for a scalable large computing system- Every client replicates nearly all of the work already done by every other client, and transmits every piece of data to every other client (even repeating themselves frequently!), and if the data isn't stored somewhere on the network the entire system breaks.  Even worse, every computer in the system has massively different specs so even basic assumptions about the computer can rarely be made!  It is a horribly slow and inefficient system because it was never meant to be efficient- it was meant to be trustless and censorship-proof.


I hope their demand creates more urgency and effort towards sidechains and lightning solutions.  Those are the only way forward, but ultimately will get us there.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:52:19


Impossible.  That's not something Blockchains can do.  They are a peer to peer meshnet that must permanently store every bit of data *forever* to remain secure.


This will never happen.  It isn't possible with blockchain technology.  Other third party systems must be built on top of Bitcoin and utilize it properly, which is happening and will continue to happen.
To keep Bitcoin secure against dedicated attackers, there's a minimum amount of fees+block rewards that must happen each day.  Our current total fees/day need to increase 600% in the next 10 years to stay secure.
@_date: 2016-12-30 04:23:52


No, it is absolutely not.  If you bought gold low and sold it high, you would pay capital gains.  Hell, if you FIND gold in the woods, you have to pay capital gains.
Technically if you buy old antiques and then resell them for a profit that's capital gains as well, and sometimes the dollar total does become high enough to matter for IRS purposes.
Just because you use Bitcoin doesn't mean you can ignore the laws and don't have to pay taxes like every other citizen of any country.
@_date: 2016-12-30 04:25:04
And if you hodl for over a year, it becomes long term capital gains.  The IRS doesn't care about fancy philosophies, they just want to enforce the laws and collect taxes on income, regardless of how you get that income.
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:25:07
This is terrible logic.
Blockchain technologies are not a good fit for $5 transactions.  It cannot and never will be able to scale to support widespread adoption at that level.
Every single $5 transaction that happens must be stored FOREVER in the blockchain history.  Forever is a very, very long time, and your logic is going to gradually make Bitcoin unusable in the distant future where it has the most potential value.  Bitcoin is not a solution to every single financial problem in the world - It is a highly efficient system for settling, verifying, and storing large international, government-proof funds and transactions.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:48:20
People buying bitcoins with huge sums of USD that, by all other IRS records, should not have those huge sums of USD are a flag for someone to be audited.  This is how they caught Al Capone.  So you are correct, buying Bitcoins is not taxable.
I'm guessing the IRS would be more willing to drop the "put in and withdrew Bitcoins" request, though FINCEN and other intelligence agencies would really, really like that information.
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:36:44
Also, forgot this


I think those are fine assumptions for the next 60 years.
I don't think those assumptions will hold for a thousand years and definitely shouldn't be assumed outright in the discussion.  I don't think that it is a big problem to consider for the immediate future, but I do think it is a major problem when it comes to the philosophy that Bitcoin could or should function at VISA-like transaction rates or should attempt to accommodate small transactions(point of sale type transactions) in its long term vision.
@_date: 2016-12-30 06:30:47


People aren't taxed by the IRS when they stay within a single system or make no transactions.  People are taxed by the IRS based upon transactions.  The "Currency" vs "Non-currency" argument doesn't hold up either- Forex speculators (excluding day traders) pay capital gains taxes on their profits, just like any other profits, and they can write off their losses.  If you're stating that forex transactions shouldn't pay taxes either, I'm not quite sure how you reach that conclusion logically, especially since money is an analogy to stock as you state.
Selling or buying Bitcoin is a transaction and are also a change of systems.  Transactions are taxed and changing systems are taxed.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:42:57
It seems pretty stupid that he would move any coins at all to any exchanges without first mixing though.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:20:38


No, there doesn't because it is impossible, so it should be impractical in the long run.  Bitcoin can only reliably support transactions that small on-chain if it remains a small niche system used by technophiles and no one else.
The reason is simple.  There were an estimated 426 billion non-cash transactions world-wide in 2014.  If those were on the Blockchain that would require 1.9 GB blocks and 998 terabytes of storage space every year.
Even worse, those numbers have grown by 10% every year for the last 5 years and show no signs of stopping with 7 billion people on the planet whose economies are mostly modernizing.


That argument is just sticking our heads in the sand.  That result is not realistic in the long term view so first we need to set an actually achievable goal.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:00:57


I worked this out in another post on this thread.  The biggest threat is that it becomes more profitable for a high-net-worth individual/group to short Bitcoin (leveraged) and build a mining farm to 51% attack it.  If the profit from the leveraged short is higher than the cost of the mining farm, someone will do it.
What the formula for that situation works out to is effectively a comparison of the total fees+block reward paid per day versus the profitability (in BTC, as a % of total Bitcoins in circulation) of the short itself.  Fortunately dollar price per Bitcoin can be dropped out of the formula at every step.  So if the 51% attack causes a 50% decrease in Bitcoin price and they shorted 10% of the total Bitcoins in circulation(Currently $1.4billion, that's nothing for many huge investment funds and even less with leverage), that means they 'profited' the equivalent of 5% of total Bitcoins in circulation.
Here's a chart of the result:
The above 5% profit example would be a profitable 51% attack if the block rewards+transaction fees fell below 200 BTC/day.  Current fees are ~100/day, which begins to put us in danger by 2028 if transaction fees haven't increased.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:38:35


Real concerns about transaction fees are far from being here today, and even farther away from blocking widespread adoption.
Get over your 23 cent transaction fee- You're asking 5,000+ people to process and store your transaction FOREVER and to secure it from every possible attacker including trillion-dollar governments and financial manipulation.
Other solutions have to be built on top of Bitcoin to handle $5 day-to-day transactions, they should never be on-chain.
@_date: 2016-12-30 05:59:57
So you are suggesting that capital gains should only apply when something has been done to the object?
Well thats easy.  Stocks, for example, constantly have their value changed by the actions of the company issuing the stocks.
Bitcoin is the same.  The bitcoin ecosystem builds value for itself by building services, growth in companies, and increasing acceptance and security strength(software and hashrate).  It is increasing value because it is literally changing, every year.  Taking an even more literal view, it is changing because the code is changing, every month.
Ergo, you should rationally be ok with either capital gains taxes on Bitcoin investments, or you should not be ok with capital gains taxes on stock and other investments.
If it is the latter, then you are literally suggesting that we "rationally" should literally cut off half of the tax revenue of the U.S., and that the top 1% of earners should pay almost nothing in taxes on their incomes.  And if so I suggest that it is your worldview that is irrational, not everyone else in the United States.
@_date: 2019-06-22 00:41:38
Ah, yes, the people who have now been waiting ~~6~~ ~~12~~ ~~24~~ ~~36~~ 41 hours for their ~~$0.05~~ ~~$0.10~~ ~~$0.25~~ $0.43 fee transaction to clear are definitely 100% in agreement with you.
As are the people who are paying an average of $2.68 per transaction for the last 7 days on ~~Expensivecoin~~ ~~slowcoin~~ ~~censorshipcoin~~ Uuuhhh I mean Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:19:38


Well we just discovered Electrum servers can't handle this load with the 1MB transaction that was recently done, and the conclusion was that Electrum would basically be unusable with 20MB transactions.
So I guess the first argument isn't BS after all.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:32:27


Again, you seem to completely not understand the concepts you're talking about here.  Neither Segwit nor lightning can screw someone's transactions, whatever that phrase actually means.
I say this as someone who supports a blocksize increase and is quite concerned about transaction fees... So don't take this the wrong way when I say you really need to try to understand the tech before you rail against it.  Whatever you've read or been told about it is completely wrong.
@_date: 2017-04-02 19:09:45
Consensus comes from attempting to honestly and fairly understand the other side.
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:34:27




Not exactly.  The barriers to entry for a LN hub are relatively low, but not THAT low.  They have to come up with capital to offset every btc they serve on their hub.  They have to come up with a fee structure and way to get users to pay those fees to cover their capital costs, defaulting costs, and operational costs.  They have to build layers of redundancy into their system because a failure on their part would be ruinous for them.  They have to build an interface for their customers to pay, sign up, utilize services, etc, at minimum for the aspects not provided by the LN clients.  To be competitive, they'll need to offer (sooner or later) a service that receives on behalf of their clients when they are offline, with minimal trustlessness violations (not sure to what degree this is even possible in LN, so this furthers the value of "trust" in the community but also the damage that trust can do to LN as a whole).  And then they have to convince the users seeking a new hub that they are trustworthy, competitive, reliable, etc.  Its a big ticket, it just isn't an AML-sized ticket (which adds many millions of dollars of costs in hundreds of different areas PLUS the above).
And these new hubs will be competing with established hubs.  I'd guess(made up numbers!) based on other markets with similar properties that the market will probably settle on no more than 25 hub providers, and no less than 4.  As governments pursue them they'll be replaced, but it'll take months or up to a year, and the users displaced will be frustrated and in disarray, and favor the hubs who have avoided shutdown for the longest.  That, in turn, motivates governments to pursue those oldest, biggest hubs in the most aggressive fashion they can.  Big complicated game for everyone involved, and the ultimate loser of it is LN and a subset of its users who fail a default broadcast timeout. :(
@_date: 2017-04-02 19:22:23
Last 3 words of his comment.  The distinction is important because the blocksize debate boils down to higher node operational costs(fewer nodes) versus higher transaction fees(lower growth, lower price).  I'm hoping someone can articulate what the real concern with higher node costs is, because so far all I can get is a vague "decentralization" vulnerability vector, but no details or attack examples.
@_date: 2017-04-03 03:58:58
We do need to know the specific attack vectors to evaluate the costs of the risk versus the very large costs of choosing in favor of the risk mitigation
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:26:04
Yes, the lightning network can be blocked from use.  Forceful confiscation isn't really possible, though.
The reason is because lightning network users are going to be forced to use hubs to transact on lightning - the risk of going offline at the wrong time and losing lightning BTC you didn't even know you were transacting with is too great, and the difficulties in receivers being online 100% of the time will also promote the use of hubs.  While techie early adopters can work around both of those problems, the average user cannot and will not, and will use hubs for a fee.
Once hubs are established, and volume is of appreciable sizes, governments are going to come knocking.  Hub operation will eventually be nonexistent in developed countries due to AML rules, or they will be nationless and try to remain undetected.  In less developed countries, hub operators are at the mercy of their governments if they get detected, and users would have no recourse through the courts if the hubs did find a way to exploit or damage their users.
The amalgamation of these issues does not bode well for lightning for widespread adoption, in my mind, but there are some cool things about lightning and it may find some solid use cases.
@_date: 2017-04-28 04:32:42


From what I know, Friedcat was always unbelievably and reliably honest and true to his word - He only gave up after his partner (maybe with his help, not sure the details) had screwed up the finances and entangled personal and company funds so heavily that it began to cause big problems.  And they ran out of money before they could get the gen3 chip onto boards.
@_date: 2017-04-28 17:27:34


Right.  And nullc is saying that parity creating a competing client is bad and unnecessary because development is already decentralized.  What you are describing as the thing that *makes* development decentralized is exactly what he is describing as "not needed because already decentralized."


I would agree with this but for two things... 
1. nullc was specifically stating that there's no need for competing clients because development is already decentralized (i.e., through core)
2. The core team has opinions that don't appear to be representative of the broader community.  At minimum, 14-19% of the wider community supports increasing blocksize, as shown both by the [pool voting statistics for BU on a pro-segwit]( pool, and the number of online users in btc vs bitcoin subreddits(25-33% minimum).  I don't have hard numbers (yet) about what core developers, if any, support bigger blocks, but I don't get the impression that it even reaches 20%.
Moreover, the "BU" statistics above only establish a minimum of bigger blocks supporters.  There's a significant portion of people who really don't like BU (myself included) but do support bigger blocks - I even see posters here that echo the same.  If I had to put rough numbers on everything, based on everything I've found / read across different subs, I'd say that BU support is roughly (25-45%), Segwit support is (35-60%) with the remainder undecided, and big blocker support is (35-65%) against small blockers (15-40%), with the remainder undecided.  I don't buy any of the conspiracy theory garbage on either side against either blockstream or JihanVer, except that, perhaps, Jihan has been covertly using asicboost.
The core team's makeup and posts do not reflect these deep divisions in the community so far as I can tell.  Because of the departures of several core developers that pushed for big blocks, the development team is now weighted much more heavily towards small blocks than the community, and the non-segwit sentiment was forced to splinter off to another development group entirely, despite nullc's assertion that "development is decentralized" and "we don't need or want competing clients."  I can't say if had any hand in causing this shift, but I do believe that all of the leadership of the core team bears responsibility for not recognizing the problem and correcting it.  Not correcting the disparity between the communities' opinions and the dev team's opinions is only making the broader blocksize conflict that much worse(BU, btc sub, twitter wars, conspiracy theories, etc).


Correct me if I am wrong, but I think the larger point you're aiming at here is that it doesn't matter if the core team doesn't represent community views so long as the core team makes the right choice / best choice.  The problem with that logic is that there is no decisive way for bigblockers or smallblockers to show that their side is the correct choice.  If there were, the fractures in the community would not be anywhere near as large as they are and this would be settled.
Smallblockers (including numerous leaders within the core dev team) believe that increasing the blocksize will decrease node counts and endanger Bitcoin as a whole, some even going so far as to conjecture conspiracy theories about why BU doesn't view things the way they do.  They're not wrong about decreasing node counts, but so far as I can tell no one has provided any real numbers showing how many nodes are safe and how many nodes are not safe\*.  A subset of those believe that SPV verification or *anything* less than full-node verification is completely unacceptable for any users, use cases, or transaction sizes.
Meanwhile bigblockers believe that not increasing the blocksize substantially and repeatedly will severely hamper the use cases and adoption of Bitcoin to the point where an altcoin can overtake Bitcoin's network effect and push Bitcoin into myspace/friendster obsolescence.  I believe they are right, though I also believe any competitor altcoin will have big problems with scaling before they can overtake Bitcoin.  I don't buy any of the magical thinking solutions that make scaling a non-issue, like lightning(attackers will force hubs and then destroy it if it becomes very big) or sharding(No trustless proposals), but I do believe that reduced node counts would be a serious issue.  We just need better data about how serious the nodecount issue is, and how we could determine if we are in danger of a lack of nodes or not.  Which requires substantial discussion with differing viewpoints, and that can't be done when you push all the differing viewpoints out.
\* *The only response I've gotten regarding how many nodes are needed for the network to be safe from attackers is the example of XT nodes being ddosed into non-existence and killing XT.  Which, by the way, is a better example of dissent being pushed out by the majority than it is of "failing to gain support from the decentralised user base" as you described.  Either way, all it does is establish that the number of nodes that existed at that moment(or rather, the sum of their resources) were vulnerable, but doesn't provide much in the way of determining what would have protected them sufficiently.*
@_date: 2017-04-18 17:03:20


I would really like to know more and have you continue posting.  Your posts are great reading!  Do you have a newsletter on the current things the government is up to that we aren't aware of?  I would like to subscribe.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:30:08


You seem to have absolutely no idea how lightning works.  I'd suggest reading up on it.
Putting your coins on lightning doesn't involve giving up control of the coins.  If you don't act as a link-node between other users, your coins cannot be stolen by anyone short of them hacking Bitcoin (* Though it may take you a BTC transaction fee + being mined for you to get them "back" if someone tries to default)
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:51:33
The words you wrote are indeed English words, or near enough, but they do not result in an intelligible thought...
tl;dr What.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:13:50


August 2015?  When was the original asicboost paper released?
@_date: 2017-04-29 07:43:04


They don't have to.  Have you ever been sued by someone intent on taking you out?  Even with a shit case they can bleed you dry.  Just getting to court so you can win can cost tens of thousands of dollars.  And then you probably don't get the legal fees awarded unless their case was really, really shit.
@_date: 2017-04-04 05:00:31


If they select the verification source, it becomes far, far more difficult for any attacker to actually do anything like this.


Not increasing the blocksizes eliminates the usefulness of Bitcoin to anyone who can't afford to use it(or any use-cases which can't).


Again, you've never specified how nodes do this.  Home users' nodes rejecting blocks is pointless when datacenter nodes would also reject, and when other miners would also reject.  The only rejections that matter at all is the rejection by other miners, and the rejection of an entire fork by the markets.  Not the nodes.


Again, many other ways to do this that don't involve killing Bitcoin's future potential.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:39:25


Moreover, the transaction fee that will arise on lightning will be based upon some fraction of the bitcoin transaction fee that would be required to correct for defaults in the chain.  I'm guessing this will be somewhere between 1/10th and 1/100th of btc transaction fees.  If blocksizes aren't raised (i.e. if nodes don't accept higher operational costs), this does not bode well for lightning either.
@_date: 2017-04-24 01:49:03
On the other hand, Unwillingness to consider or discuss alternative proposals and arrogant attitudes are what *will* kill Bitcoin.  So feel free to keep it up, bring on the downvotes from everyone who thinks compromise is stupid.
@_date: 2017-04-01 19:26:05


Nearly all forms of money have inflation, even Gold.  That doesn't make them not money.  


Ah, so you can relate to me why Ethereum is more similar to cow manure than it is to Bitcoin then?  Because I'd like to see a comparison showing those similarities.


Not voting isn't the same as voting against.  Nice try.


Several exchanges already said that if BU won the fork challenge in the long run(years), BU would get the "Bitcoin" name.  So yeah, the identical situation would leave with the name.  No one cares about the loser of the war.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:47:56


This, combined with the general background cost of correcting transaction defaults on the network, will establish a minimum fee for transacting on lightning as some percentage of the bitcoin tx fees.  Completely making up numbers based on the risks as I understand them, I'd guess that fee will be somewhere between 1/10th and 1/100th of the btc transaction fee.  That's not good if blocksizes aren't raised. :(


Oh man, I'm glad you wrote this.  Its worse than I had thought, and even worse than you laid out there.  If a hub becomes large enough and blocksizes remain small enough, it would be *impossible* for all of its users to actually recover their BTC if the hub defaulted en-masse.  The users are time-bound on how long they have to correct the default.  The hub would be nearly guaranteed to make a profit in the default, even though they could not predict which users would succeed or fail against them.
Worse, during the panic, fees would skyrocket for block inclusion.  Even the people who did manage to get out of the default would be eaten alive by fees tens or hundreds of times higher than normal.
That's bad... Very bad.  :(


Man you said that one right.  There must be an effective balance between the concerns of node operational costs versus transaction fee costs.  I firmly believe the solution lies in us changing how we estimate node operational costs - If we aim to keep node operational costs flat or decreasing in BTC-Per-Month terms, we can still have some pretty impressive scaling long term, and increases in adoption(-&gt;Price) will be offset by increased scaling.
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:35:32




You're right, its decentralized so long as people agree with your position.
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:41:11


FYI, a double spend doesn't involve coins that don't exist.  Its spending coins that do exist twice.  Why is a person accepting payment from the same person they are using for validation?  Why is a lightweight node using only a single source for validation?
Either of those solutions would prevent what you described.  If you want to rely on that example, you'll need to do a better job of explaining the vulnerability, because that doesn't seem like a vulnerability worth consideration to me.


Fiat can scale to handle every person who wants to use it.  Bitcoin cannot.  If we can't reasonably serve everyone, we should at least determine what's the most number of people we can serve.


You misunderstand, I'm not talking about the exchanges doing anything themselves.  The market forces would panic-sell both Bitcoin and any forks that happened if there was a break over the rules of the system.
It doesn't involve nodes or exchanges or anything of the sort.  Just people.


You have a big misconception here.  People validating doesn't stop them from doing anything.  Its other miners orphaning / rejecting invalid blocks.  Other miners stop the bad behavior by miners.
Further, no one is suggesting any sort of situation where "No one" is validating.  Preventing home user's from holding the entire ecosystem back with their low bandwidth doesn't mean "No one is validating"


Software chooses these things automatically.  Users would have to actively choose to follow something other than the default.  I still have yet to have someone quote me an example where Nodes are doing something critical that doesn't involve users making changes, or isn't actually in the realm of miners and/or market forces on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-04-29 01:32:15


I think the problem might be you.


This is a false dichotomy and a broad generalization, and might be why you can't have polite and civilized debate.  No one is "supporting" antbleed that I have seen.  Antbleed isn't a trivial issue, but I'm inclined to believe Bitmain's explanation for it for a number of reasons that stem from having been a miner/hosted miners in the past.  I can also understand how someone else wouldn't accept that explanation, but considering everyone who disagrees an "enemy" is just going to create conflict.
For clarification, the reason I can believe Bitmain's explanation for antbleed is that:
1. Miners who use a facility for hosting have frequent problems with miner operation and maintenance, and operators of hosting facilities have frequent problems getting paid if they don't take quick action.  If a miner doesn't pay the monthly bill for hosting, the hosting provider must seize the miner because utilities don't care why you can't pay your electricity bill and will shut you off and come after you.  But if a miner and hoster disagree about the status of payment(or amount, or terms, etc), the hoster has most of the power in the situation (physical control), even worse if the hosted miner is in another country, you can't really sue.  Unless the miner has become worthless, in which case the hoster sometimes winds up stuck with the final months' electric bill(s).  Even if a miner owns their own facility, employees do steal miners, especially during deployment, and the theft only shows up later when the inventory counts are off.  Bitmain's minerlink was a logical step to deal with the problem - Attempt to take some measure of control of mining (and maintenance) back from the hosters.
2. Antminer began implementing [minerlink in the S5 firmware]( down to Miner Configuration picture) which didn't include antbleed, nor did the S7 (as far as anyone has mentioned).  The minerlink site and references [also go back at least that far]( well prior to the release of any antbleed-vulnerable miners.
3. Minerlink has existed for a substantial amount of time without any attempts to hide it and was even [referenced on github]( after the vulnerability was added.
4. As nearly everyone has pointed out, it is almost trivial to bypass antbleed.  It doesn't allow remote code execution, it simply halts the miner as if the overtemp shut-off was tripped.  Another [miner agreed with this and my notes]( about the history of the "minerlink" service, and even noted that only 12% of his miners responded to the antbleed command.
Having seen the battle over payment for hosting destroy several miners and hosters, it would be surprising to me if every manufacturer didn't at least consider what to do about the problem, if not actually do something about it.  There's no evidence of a coverup; I haven't seen anyone saying that the auth.minerlink.com service was responding prior to the news about antbleed, and it wasn't responding when the github issue above was filed.
All that said, you lumped antbleed and ASICBOOST together.  They are not even close to the same level of problem, mostly because the evidence for one indicates (as I mentioned above) it was probably an oversight and has been corrected, but the other has a lot of suspicious supporting data with no proof.  Some people do "support" asicboost, which I would agree is misguided, but I would not agree that simply defending Bitmain makes them "an enemy of Bitcoin."  While there's a lot of circumstantial evidence that implicates Bitmain, digging into the details has turned up little to no proof.  I looked myself in-depth, trying to find any statistical anomalies in Bitmain's blocks that would indicate asicboost, but came up empty handed.  Even their empty blocks - highly suspected here - don't indicate Asicboost - Of their empty blocks(about 5% of mined AntPool blocks), ~70% had the previous block timestamped within 60 seconds, meaning they may have still been processing the previously mined block, which is similar to other pools and leaves only ~1.5% of AntPool mined blocks that are empty for seemingly no reason.  1.5% doesn't explain Antbleed very well at all, since they'd either have to use Antbleed with transaction changes or with coinbase manipulation, mixing the two would accomplish nothing and be more complicated and suspicious.  And other pools like BTCC also had &gt;1% of similar blocks.  If the data is there in the blockchain, someone will find it.  It is possible that Antminer was so paranoid in how they hid their transaction collisions that it'll never show up anywhere, but that seems unlikely to me (personally).  I still agree the circumstantial evidence and their behavior makes them look very guilty, and I'd strongly support the covert asicboost blocker that was proposed.
Either way, Antbleed is very debatable, and parts of the ASICBOOST issue are legitimately debatable.  By holding a hard line like you said, you're just going to cause problems.
@_date: 2017-04-23 22:50:07
The blocksize debate can be solved in a much simpler fashion than we are debating today.  Everyone freaks out about node costs priced in dollars and fees priced in dollars.  But node **usefulness** is priced in bitcoin as node usefulness increases with price; transaction usefulness decreases as price increases, because real transaction costs(in dollars) goes up.
In other words, no one will run a node if they can't afford to transact.
If node operational costs are thought of in terms of mbtc/year, node operational costs can decline without sending fees through the roof or preventing new users from using bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:41:28
Thanks, and I'm glad you have an open mind and are asking tough questions.  Most of my other comments here are being downvoted, yet no one responds to any of the actual points I bring up.
No one wants to hear how their precious Lightning Network isn't actually a magic bullet, even when I'm actually supportive of the lightning experiment &amp; goals.  Meh.
@_date: 2017-04-24 05:35:14
One of them I do, I'll PM you a link.  I gave up trying to get people to discuss it once I realized that the fundamental problem was the contingent of people wanting no blocksize increase at all, and they were not going to budge right now.
The other one is still in the idea stages, I haven't really worked out the game theory or the math on execution.  Effectively, give miners a vote and give transactions a vote.  Mined blocks are only valid if they contain transactions voting within +/- 20% of their vote.  Only transaction's votes determine whether blocksize will be increased, stay the same, or decrease slightly(?Not sure to what degree the system would allow this, if at all).
However, the block inclusion restriction creates two (or more) different fee markets.  If there are more users voting for an increased blocksize than there are miners, those users would have a more competitive fee market and higher fees, as the small-block miners wouldn't include them in a block.  On the flip side, the miners supporting the more popular option would get paid higher fees.  It would encourage the communities to coalesce and have serious trade-offs for voting towards extremes or ignoring either group(miners or users).  I'm not sure if it would be gamable by miners paying themselves fees to enact a vote... They certainly couldn't make additional income if the high-reward fee-market were in the other direction.
@_date: 2017-04-01 19:08:16


In what way do they keep miners in check?  There is nothing they can do if they disagree with the miners, as far as anyone has articulated to me.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:36:07


FYI, payment hubs are almost guaranteed because of some problems lightning will present for average nontechie users (I.e., the possibility of coin loss if you go offline during a transaction chain you didn't even know was happening, or the requirement for receivers to always be online).
Payment hubs will centralize because of the high operational costs - very large amounts of capital get held up with every user they serve - and governments will go after those hubs for AML reasons wherever possible.
@_date: 2017-04-28 04:36:15


Bitmain didn't come about until the GPU farms had been obliterated by Asicminer and Bitfury.
Also, having intimately worked on several levels throughout mining, I'd be shocked if any miners(or manufacturers) anywhere have "massive profits" with the possible exception of Bitfury's earlier generations and perhaps if Bitmain is actually using Asicboost actively.  Just breaking even is an accomplishment.  Mining fucking blows.
@_date: 2017-04-24 18:41:33
Deleted tweet, what'd it say?
@_date: 2017-04-01 07:18:25
This is a very helpful source:
There's a few other sources I've found for various things... statoshi has a lot of helpful bitcoin statistics.  Blockchain.info graphs can be downloaded in csv format, allowing better averaging.  Average hard drive price decline is ~14% per year over the last ~5 years.  Bandwidth between 8-18% depending on location.  Always looking for more data to help the community understand the scope and consequences of its decisions.  
Also interesting, discovered that for many time periods transaction volume increases lead price growth by a few days.
@_date: 2017-04-24 05:02:37
The developers aren't so bad.  A lot of very firm opinions there, too, but more willing to debate and discuss.
The community here feels toxic at this point.  Raise points about flaws in the lightning system?  Get downvoted and nobody will respond with reasons lightning won't have those problems.  Look at my comments here - I didn't propose anything super wild, but got downvoted a bunch and everything that wasn't part of the status quo plan was dismissed by I don't blame the mods here or anything, and I don't support BU or that other forum, its just... People here are so opposed to anything that isn't "lightning = magic future happy pills" and there's a large contingent of people here desperately tied to irrational libertarian conspiracy theories.  It makes it difficult to bring up alternative ideas. :/
@_date: 2017-04-29 23:43:15


If they were manipulating the timestamps drastically, it would have shown up by comparing their average timestamp versus others (they can't choose the timestamp after the block has been found, only before). I checked that too - wasn't out of range compared to other pools in China and normal variation. :/


Thanks.  I really just want the war toned down so Bitcoin can move forward.  I think the way forward will become clear to any thinking person when enough data comes out, but conspiracy theories interrupt the data and entire discussion. :(
@_date: 2017-04-20 19:00:15


No, because bigger blocks mean more usability and adoption, which means higher price.
A lot of people are fond of larger blocks in one way or another, and a lot of people are highly opposed to them.
The fundamental question causing the rifts is simply how to balance the negatives of:
1. High node operational costs
2. High transaction fees
3. Lower Bitcoin prices (through lower adoption, leading to the rise of serious altcoin contenders)
Lightning won't solve this problem; Lightning users will eventually find that if they participate as a peering node without 100% uptime, they'll lose coins they didn't even spend.  Horror stories will spread and people will stop peering unless they are a hub.  Hubs will centralize due to risk and overhead costs; If they get big enough as a percentage of btc blocksize, someone will eventually perform a tx/s bottleneck attack defaulting against either the clients en-masse or the hubs en-masse.  Lightning is cool and has potential for rapid trustless settlement in certain conditions, but it is no scaling magic bullet, especially without continual blocksize increases as adoption/price grow.
@_date: 2017-04-03 05:39:10


I'm not sure how they could do any such thing?  Nodes follow the longest valid chain, they don't make any other decisions.  The only entity that could punish miners for attacking "users," as far as I can see, is traders/markets on exchanges.


It seems that this is resolvable by simply verifying information with a second, independent source, no?
If there's something I miss about how SPV works, such a thing seems to definitely be doable with the electrum model - especially with two independent verifications.  A simple solution to a huge problem for the network.


They could not do this any more than they can do today.  No one has ever articulated any meaningful way that nodes apply rules to miners.  If they tried, they'd get forked off the network.  Exchanges and exchange prices would punish miners if they attempted to break the rules en-masse; User behavior (NOT nodes, users active choices in a fork condition) and miners who disagreed with the bad miner behavior would provide the punishment and protection of the system.


If ALL of the miners decided this, then everyone would be fucked for quite a long time.  Any user-operated fork could be ground to a halt by even a minority of the miners mining 100% empty blocks on it and orphaning any non-empty blocks new miners tried to add.  Meanwhile the miner-supported fork could be kept in operation because nodes can't prevent miners from peering with eachother.  The fundamental problem with this position is that if 100% of miners split from 100% of nodes, the miner fork still gets at least 10 nodes; the node fork has no protection.


Yes, users.  Not nodes.  Users.  Nodes follow the longest valid chain; users can decide which fork to follow if there is a break.  In the above example, if 30% of MINERS opposed the 21M coin limit increase fork, the network with nodes/30% would probably be the winner - The 70% miner group would have extreme difficulty shutting down the other fork while maintaining their own, and the markets would punish them financially until the weakest among them were forced to defect and help defend the other fork.  This is what is likely to happen to BU if they fork without a massive majority.  But the protection I described is provided by the markets/exchanges and the miners who remain with the original fork - NOT THE NODES.
Which brings me back to my original question - I'm still not seeing any situation in which ~10,000 nodes provides more security to the network than ~1,000.
@_date: 2017-04-01 07:12:51


Can you explain how less full nodes lower security?  How many fewer full nodes causes what vulnerability?


This is partially true, but not entirely.  Payments to miners need to be sufficient to economically discourage an attacker.  They don't need to be any larger than that.  The highest level of fees required that I can find is enough to make a 51%+short-sale attack unprofitable.  That is, where an attacker shorts Bitcoin, builds a huge mining farm, and makes a profit in the panic-sale larger than the mining farm cost.  I believe that stops being viable when miners earn at least 2000 BTC per day, total.  I don't know of any other attacks that require miners to earn even more btc per day... are there some?
@_date: 2017-04-01 19:15:00


You literally said:




If you didn't mean to include the word censor in the sentence, why did you?
Ethereum clearly can serve as money similar to how Bitcoin does - Otherwise its' tokens could not possibly have a value on an exchange.


It does matter.  If 90% of Bitcoin's community wished to do exactly the same thing, Bitcoin absolutely could and would do the exact same thing.
It was 87%, and the markets agreed by pricing etc at 1/10th of eth.  
So far as you have articulated, the differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum appear to be nonexistent.
@_date: 2017-04-23 23:37:01
Ideally, blocksize tied to something that is a little less than (price growth + technology growth).  That's really hard / impossible to do in software.
Ideally next, a growth rate that can be adjusted by miners vote (or miners+transactions voting system, but not *just* transactions which can be gamed by many people), **but** is **heavily** restricted in terms of how fast (or slow!) it can grow.
That's probably not going to win favor with enough people.  So my next choice is that we go with 2MB+SW for now to get everyone on board, or just SW, or WHATEVER can raise the limit for awhile so people have more time to get used to the idea of nodes balancing operational costs versus the usefulness of the node.  BU/EC is a bad solution, though EC + SW would be better than doing absolutely nothing.  Lightning may help, but it isn't going to substantially change the problem; Even widespread lightning would need substantial blocksize increases over time.
@_date: 2017-04-05 05:09:12
You're thinking in the right direction, but you're still asking the wrong question.
The question we need to be asking is "How many can we safely serve, and what size/growth rate is that?"
There's a tradeoff between node operational costs and transaction fees, and at today's settings our trade-off only serves to kill Bitcoin's future potential.
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:28:41


Sorry dude, but that's not true.  Its decentralized in theory.  In practice the war between big blockers and small blockers has become so toxic that no one who sits in the middle can stomach it.  That same atmosphere has pushed out the two major proponents of big blocks from the core team and numerous others silently moved on to other things.  The main reason the core team doesn't have many proponents of big blocks on it is because they have been pushed out or just gave up.
You can argue all day long about whether that is a good thing or a bad thing, but you can't call it decentralized.
@_date: 2017-04-18 23:59:55


That's true of course, unless node operation had scaled to handle that kind of volume, but a larger point... A hub wouldn't need to close 100 million channels to do that; It would be guaranteed to win at least some of the defaultings at 144k channels, and very very likely to win many of them at even 70k channels.  Math:
The default timeout is set at 1 day.  At 500b/tx (could be ~450b to ~600b), that's 2000 tx/block, ~144 blocks/day = 288,000 tx/day.  To avoid defaulting, each channel will need to include both the defaulting tx and the contested tx, so half of that.  But worse, all of those transactions are going to be competing for blockspace with all of the normal transaction load, many of whom would drastically raise their fees to get processed.  At least some people would get screwed.
There's one thing I forgot that I'll need to check on when I have time- my memory is a little fuzzy on what exactly can be defaulted on, and what can't - i.e., what % of channels a hub could conceivably have vulnerable at any given moment.  I don't believe un-transacted btc from the clients would ever be vulnerable, it would only be the margins of what was utilized.
Of course, the reverse is also possible - If a bevy of nodes DDOS'd their hub(s) all at the same time, the hubs could be fucked, and the hubs (whose balances inflow/outflow are largely subject to the whims/utilization of the users) could be tricked into having even more exposure...


Realistically, I don't think there's any way for lighting to function with more total channels open than could be closed/adjusted/rebased within 2-4 weeks.  Assuming 1 channel == 1 person and segwit = 2.25mb, that means lighting can only currently scale to 9-18 million users.  That's not very big compared to the populations of most countries; We're going to have to raise blocksizes substantially and nodes will have to run with higher bandwidth costs.


I don't really disagree, though I am inclined to think that lightning uses will adapt to niches suited to it rather than everyone using it for everything they possibly can.
The real scary part to me is that Lightning has some serious drawbacks and flaws, such as the attack we're discussing and things that will be too difficult for average non-techie users to deal with, yet no one wants to discuss those here.  Nearly every comment I have in this thread has no real counterpoints, but gets downvoted.  And it isn't just this thread.  People seem to just want to believe it is a magic bullet, but it is not. :/
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:43:46
If all of the miners were on one chain and all of the other nodes were on another chain, the miners chain would win every time.  They could grind the non-miner chain to a halt with 100% orphaning non-empty blocks, without disrupting their own chain's operation.
Nodes by themselves have no power.  A lot of people refer to no one accepting the miner's chain's coins, but that's USERS(and markets), not nodes.  The markets would indeed punish the miners for such behavior, but not if the miners were totally unanimous; for that they would punish both chains, as both would be nearly worthless.  No one has been able to show me how nodes have any substantial power in the Bitcoin system.
@_date: 2017-04-01 07:03:41
None of that has anything to do with node operation.
Describe an actual attack that could be done if home users someday can't run nodes, but medium sized businesses do and home users use electrum-like wallets with 2 independent verification sources.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:44:14


If node operational costs were as high as people fear, to the point where a home user couldn't run a node, this would not be "trivial" anymore.  Possible threat?  Maybe, spinning these up would be cheaper than full node operation for a long period of time.
But you're also assuming that node connection for verification is random.  It doesn't need to be random - Third parties could provide a service out of lightweight, trustworthy validation.  If Bitcoin were under attack, it would behoove them to temporarily offer their services for free to bring on new clients, not to mention helping Bitcoin fight off the attack.


Ok, but that introduces the other problem - targeting the attack is difficult.  If the attack can't be targetted, it is of limited use.  What good is it to convince someone that you've sent them imaginary money if you don't know who they are and they weren't expecting to sell anything to you?  In order for the attack to be able to hurt anyone, you'd probably have to run your thousands of fake nodes for a long time, which means you're paying thousands of times the high node operational costs that we've already assumed to be too high for a home user to run.  Where's the practical vulnerability there??


But it was fixed, yes?  The markets will find a way when the problem presents itself, so long as that problem is solvable.


Yes, but again on the needing to have a practical target.  Targetting everyone isn't likely to accomplish much for an attacker.  If they target a single user, they'd be better off just hacking that user.  If their goal is broad, they will have to hack many trusted nodes to do much damage(since users rely on more than one source for validation), and those nodes will have better-than-average security.
I guess I could see a POSSIBLE vector here, it just doesn't seem like it would be a very effective "attack" on anything.  Could you spell it out with a specific situation so I can better understand the threat you envision?  What would an attacker do, to whom, and what would they accomplish?


Yeah, but we have many years before a home node can't keep up at all - at least 4-5.  It could be written by then.  We pretty much have to, mobile users need it anyway.


Here again, I'm skeptical.  I could be convinced.  What is the specific vulnerability that you are envisioning?  Who would do what, to whom, and what would the attacker gain?
The main issue I see with that logic is that today an attacker could spin up thousands of nodes and run them for low costs, and collect a lot of data - who is running what nodes, what blocks they relay first, what country they are in, what transactions appear to originate from them, etc.  If there were fewer nodes handling more traffic, functioning primarily as endpoints, this collection is a lot more useless.  They wouldn't have any information about what preceded the endpoint, ergo, no information about where the users are or whether two different transactions originate from the same user.  They could gather that information by becoming a trusted node, of course, but its not any different than massive infiltration of trusted peering, which they can do today.


That isn't something anyone is suggesting.  It just costs more.  The use cases that need higher security and privacy can get it by paying for it, without holding back the growth of the rest of the network.


Right, but that isn't really changed with node operational costs.  If Bitcoin has more transaction volume, it must also have many more active adopters, and the higher price would give it substantially more legal protection and dollars backing the companies who revolve around it.  That makes it harder, not easier, for a government like the U.S. to shut down all nodes in the country.


Is that 30% critical to operation?  My point is, where are the critical levels, and how do we know?  What's the risk level versus the number of nodes level, and how do we know?


Convincing ISP's to throw switches on a small group of users is way, way easier than convincing datacenters to throw switches on businesses' whose operation revolves around reliable operation.  The datacenters would flat out refuse without a court order, the ISP's would just shrug and throw the switch.  That seems to indicate that we need more nodes backed by significant economic resources, not less.


Clearly, but what does that have to do with the blocksize debate?  As far as I can tell, there's as many pros from additional adoption and use as there are cons from node costs, maybe more.


If there are, I'm really not seeing them from the descriptions here.  Moreover, there's only one vulnerability that mattered to Chaum's ecash legally - There was one central signing authority, something that never becomes true even as the number of nodes drops, since anyone else can simply spin up a node and pay the cost.  Even with all that, ecash didn't get shut down by the government or attacked - It just lost against VISA and went bankrupt.


I mean, compromise makes large entities function... But regardless, if the vulnerabilities are significant, I **do** care.  But understand, the cost of favoring those defensive is significant - majorly lower Bitcoin adoption and price, and an advantage a challenger may be able to leverage to overtake Bitcoin.


What would we need to do to get this?


This is a fair point, and I'm inclined to agree.  I was simply responding to the "designed" comment you made.


He should have made the full transactions array an input to the hashing algorithm in that case, it would have severely weakened the way pooled mining operates today.  Moreover, we could gain a lot by implementing orphan protection (a cartel-driven orphan attack is a serious concern to me), and by lowering target time to 1 minute, both of which would help smaller pools massively, and help smooth/accelerate confirmation times.  There's no real way to help smaller miners without changing the POW, though.
I guess, in conclusion, I'd really like it if you didn't give up on me.  I don't agree with what you've concluded, but I am open to being convinced if indeed the risks are larger than I'm envisioning.  Without that, though, I find it really, really critical to keep trying to get people to think about the attacks in concrete rather than vague terms, since the costs in terms of adoption and fees are substantial and very painful.
@_date: 2017-04-20 19:04:42


Violation of contract and/or AML laws and would result in a lawsuit or worse consequences.


On top of not being U.S. based, their losses for customers that they initially socialized have governments treating them with the highest suspicion and applying the strictest requirements available.
@_date: 2017-04-05 05:10:09
No, the takeaway is we're asking the wrong question.  It isn't "How many can &lt;X&gt; serve" it is "What's the most number of people we can serve without endangering Bitcoin?"
We can absolutely do better than 1mb blocks.  How big?  That's a hard question.
@_date: 2017-04-03 05:17:53
Firstly, thank you for the thorough response, it is more than I have gotten thus far.


Correct me if I'm wrong in how I think about SPV node operation, but I believe the risk of that issue could be substantially reduced by having an SPV node verify from two or more independent sources, no?
And even if that was the case, an electrum-like model with two or more independent sources could verify the transactions with a very low chance of being tricked, yes?


This is a valid point, but it seems to me that there several solutions to this as well.  For the transactions to be sent, virtually any node on the network could do the broadcast.  If someone rotated through different endpoints for their initial broadcast, they'd have a good measure of privacy again(There are websites or miners who offer to broadcast even now without the demand).  Similarly for watching addresses, if SPV/Electrum type nodes requested about the addresses they cared about, but also watched at least 50-100% of unrelated addresses, they would decrease the value of any surveillance at a trivial cost.
And of course, if privacy is such a huge issue, they could run a node.


I'm not sure that this is true, correct me if my logic is wrong.  If that traffic analysis was trying to collect lots of data on how transactions flowed through the network, increased blocksizes/numbers of transactions would make that data collection vastly more expensive, just as increased nodes would obfuscate it further.  But even further, if more and more users were utilizing SPV/Electrum models, that would mean that more and more nodes were functioning as simple endpoints, and gathering data on where those transactions came from would involve substantially more steps(versus people running nodes) for an attacker(i.e., FBI) if it were even possible at all.
And again, if a high level of privacy is required, the option is just to run a node.


This is a good thing to mention, but after some critical thought, I'm not sure that it matters.  If every node running in the U.S. were shut down, that would not substantially weaken the network.  There would still be numerous other nodes in dozens of countries worldwide, and U.S. nodes could spring up again quite easily.
Moreover, businesses have legal teams for their defense against governments, people do not.  Running a Bitcoin node is not only not illegal, most governments have explicitly said that Bitcoin itself is legal.  Even if some uses are legal, operating a node is not illegal.


And even if running a node were not illegal, I don't see any reason why you can't run a node through a VPN.  VPN's can handle massively more bandwidth than TOR or even home broadband connections.  I don't think Tor is a good fit for Bitcoin, nor would they want hundreds or even tens of people bogging down the network by spamming every single person's transactions across the tor network repeatedly.  A bitcoin client could be redesigned to run a single node (or rather, a network of nodes) inside tor without each transaction/block needing to cross through the heavily overloaded exit nodes repeatedly.


Because the alternative is that you effectively halt Bitcoin's growth, price growth will stall or falter completely, and another altcoin may completely sweep the market while Bitcoin is held back by objections that weren't thoroughly discussed?
The costs are huge.  The reasons for paying those costs need to be huge too.  What are the other attack vectors you can think of?


Bitcoin is nothing like those.  Bitcoin with fewer nodes is also nothing like that, unless you could articulate an attack vector that could be utilized?
As I mentioned above, not only do we have defenses in hundreds of countries, businesses can afford legal defenses, and Bitcoin to even very large scales is quite viable over VPN's.  Nothing about that indicates that the loss of low-bandwidth nodes would enable an attack that those low-bandwidth nodes currently protect against.


Satoshi himself disagreed with you.  He said that when it got big enough, most users would be using SPV services and nearly all nodes would be running in datacenters, with few of them.




For your statement to have more validity, you'd have to articulate how and why a government would pursue Bitcoin in that fashion.  Putting the devs in jail would not halt the network, nor would shutting down nodes in one country (or even all developed countries) shut down the network.  There's enough venture capital behind Bitcoin now to provide some pretty hefty legal defenses if it were needed.  While you are right that if Bitcoin had a leader that could be jailed, they might have been, and if Bitcoin had a vulnerability that could be shut down, it might have been.  But the loss of home node users doesn't appear that it would make a complete network shutdown viable, at least not from anything anyone has articulated.
What are the other attack vectors you can think of?
@_date: 2017-04-24 05:08:29
In general here, when I raise concerns about flaws in lightning, they get downvoted and ignored.  Anything that isn't the status quo plan gets downvoted; Just look at my comment above and dismissive response.  Downvotes and dismissals; Its really frustrating.
The proposal I'd like to raise, which really couldn't reach very many people's eyes here because it would get downvoted, is either a voting system where miners and users create a competitive fee-market voting system for larger vs smaller blocks, and another alternative where miners vote but are heavily restricted by the developers on what effects their votes may have.
Neither thing is really worth bringing up, because both of those things involve, necessarily, bigger blocks, and that means higher node costs.  That's terrifying to the sub-group here that thinks every bitcoin user needs to run a node, but they don't seem to be willing to consider the implications of limiting Bitcoin's growth(and price) to that very, very low level.  Until the willingness to really, truly consider bigger blocks and the implications that come along with it increases, there's no point - any proposal will be dead in the water, and any comment that talks about the consequences of small-blocking will be downvoted.
@_date: 2017-04-02 19:00:02


Ignoring the longest chain just means they've forked themselves off the main chain.  They wouldn't have a chain to follow unless substantial miners follow them; they're still at the mercy of the miners.
They can't prevent miners from peering with each other either.  This gives the nodes no power.
@_date: 2017-04-18 16:54:15
FYI I'm running Bitcoin 0.3.21 in 2011 right now and can confirm that scaling is a nonissue and you're spreading FUD.
@_date: 2017-04-01 07:06:38




You didn't even answer the question...




You mean when 90% of the community wants to undo the damage caused by a poorly designed/documented system.  Not the same thing.


This isn't true.
Name a way in which Ethereum could be attacked but Bitcoin could not.
@_date: 2012-11-10 18:46:07
Yeah dude, I liked bitcoin before they were cool.  If it goes mainstream, I'm out!
@_date: 2017-04-24 18:42:31
They appear to have deleted this, what'd it say?
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:11:17


Unfortunately the costs of AML compliance are tremendous, and hub operation in lightning is going to be incredibly competitive (Relatively linear startup requirements, low-cost tech barrier to entry, etc), and therefore hub operation is going to be a low-margin business.  The hubs who try to comply with AML rules are probably going to get obliterated by those who don't.
So realistically, it is going to be a matter of changing hubs as those get tracked down, or being susceptible to hubs defaulting as described in [the other comment](


Well, Bitpay types of things will still generally wind up in a government database, though they may not request every payee give their ID.


That's the problem, there's no such thing.  Everyone cannot use the blockchain, it is too small and costs too much to serve everyone.


Even if everyone likes lightning we still have to raise the blocksize.  With 1mb blocks, every person in the U.S. couldn't transact even once per year; Every person on the planet couldn't transact once in their entire lifetime.


Hopefully?  These things take a lot of time to shake out, though.


Hopefully yes.


I'm not sure those two words go together, but I appreciate the deep thought you are putting into this; I wish more people would do that.  Just one problem...
There's no solution proposed by anyone that avoids all elements of centralization without remaining tiny.  We don't appear to have that option, and may never have one.  We discussed lighting; For Bitcoin, if you increase blocksizes, node operational costs will go up, and it will eventually be substantial.  So one group of extremists push for blocksizes to remain small enough for home users.  The problem with their logic is that eventually the transaction fees will get so high that it costs more for a "home user" to send a transaction than is practical, and node operational costs are a relative nonissue - and thus, home users will stop running nodes because they don't use nodes(because they can't afford to transact).
Its a catch-22. If lightning becomes big enough to matter, it will centralize around hubs, and those will have problems.  If Bitcoin volume kept growing anything like it has, it will centralize around fewer nodes operated by those who really need the additional verification layers and/or service providers for non-full nodes.  If we arbitrarily keep blocksizes small to prevent that, it will do that anyway but only long after punishing every user who transacts.  If Bitcoin prices stop rising because of the tx fee issues, users will go to altcoins for the better usability, and Bitcoin will lose because no one cares to prop up the defeated coin in the race for future speculative values.
The only possible solution that I have been able to find is if we could shard the blockchain.  Unfortunately no one has figured out how to trustlessly shard a blockchain yet, if it is even possible.  (A few people may claim they have, but there's nothing to back their words)
@_date: 2017-04-02 18:54:51
Can you articulate what attack vulnerability you're attempting to prevent with the vague term "centralization" of nodes?
@_date: 2016-09-27 19:21:07
Student Loans.
@_date: 2015-09-18 03:44:00


Realistically, the government made the right call.  This comment was sarcastic, but it is actually true: 
Bitcoin functions as a commodity.
That commodity is useful as a currency, and thus Fincen.
Commodities can also be properties, and we do have well-defined rules regarding people who go out and pan for gold(yes, it still happens in some parts of the U.S.), so the IRS has its claws.  (As it SHOULD, legally speaking).
Bitcoins have been used with securities fraud(Bitcoin Savings And Trust).
Having a clear legal definition helps Bitcoin in the long run.  The CFTC's ruling is probably the least negative of all of those- There's not really a downside(unless you operate an exchange selling option contracts within the U.S. borders).  In addition, this ruling was probably 100% necessary for the Winklevii's ETF to move forward, which will be a good thing for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-24 03:07:33


So, wait.  You're acting as a money transmitter then?
@_date: 2015-09-24 05:27:25


If it is all to yourself and you are both the sender and receiver, you aren't a money transmitter(Per FinCEN).  That's why I was asking.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:23:18
The network is not obligated to maintain a certain amount of mining revenue.
The network simply must maintain a high-enough percentage of its value flowing through miners to dissuade an attacker who might short the currency to profit from such an attack.  
No miner has that capacity of miners just sitting around plus a 150+MW facility(ies) necessary to pull off such an attack.  It takes months to set up such a thing and costs a fuckload.  Few people understand how much effort, planning, and scale it would take to attack the network right now.  We only need to be concerned with attacks when the block reward vanishes.
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:11:03




They specified what they were going to be changing.  80% threshold miner signaling.  Changing the signaling bit so as to differentiate between this agreement and regular segwit.
The agreement otherwise described accepting segwit as-is.  They wouldn't have time to make any changes to segwit in such a short time regardless.  And the part of segwit that protects against covert asicboost is relatively deep-seated in the segwit design.  So activating this agreement will stop covert asicboost.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:45:24
Notably lacking from your post: Any technical claims or data to support those claims whatsoever.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:31:12
Nice proposal, unilaterally throw out the compromise that was actually reached and try to force everyone who disagrees to swallow your point of view.
That's going to go about as well as it did for the last year.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:50:25


In other words, it doesn't stop asicboost because of &lt;MY CONSPIRACY THEORY!&gt;.
Down with &lt;PEOPLE I OPPOSE&gt;!  They're all evil, stupid, and sissies!
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:50:26
That's not a bad position to hold - skepticism is good.
But right now the small-block and most conservative groups in Bitcoin are in revolt(or actively ignoring, downplaying, or attempting to discredit the entire compromise).
Meanwhile, they're completely missing the fact that the their polar opposite over in is ALSO in open revolt, bashing the agreement almost as much.
The anger from both sets of extremists should be a telling signal that this is a very, very good compromise for everyone.  But in order to even get to the point where it can be deeply evaluated and/or have code reviewed, we have to prevent *both* sets of extremists from killing off the compromise.
TBH it is a pretty shitty position to be in.  Wherever the moderates go, they'll get attacked.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:59:20
Not correct.
Segwit is activated without changing how segwit works.  Still breaks covert asicboost.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:39:10


In an ideal world where we had unlimited time and could make decisions based on sound data reviewed fairly, I'd agree with you.  We do not live in that world.
I've done a lot of estimations regarding bandwidth usage (and hdd consumption, though it proved to be inconsequential compared to bandwidth) and found that bandwidth consumption under many reasonable scenarios for large blocks is quite manageable*, including up to 8mb blocks(~4mb nonsegwit) which worked out to ~550 GB per month in bandwidth, ~$25 of bandwidth give or take.  Quite managable considering fees today are already approaching a million dollars a day, and it takes over $1.50 (270 sat/byte) to get included within 30 minutes right now.  I've tried to post my data, and gotten nowhere.  Meanwhile, where is the data that says 2mb + segwit would actually be of concern?
\* The only case I found that was actually of concern related to my nodes supporting the sync of other nodes.  This is a solvable problem; A hash of the utxo ~4-6 months ago would allow for a massive reduction in syncing bandwidth for all typical users; Those who preferred the security of syncing from the genesis block could easily choose to do so without holding back the growth of the rest of the network, and would benefit from lower tx fees along with everyone else.


Which experts?  The experts who didn't leave the core dev group, maybe some of them would say that.  But that's only true because several other experts who didn't agree with those statements got pushed out.  Similar things happened with this sub when XT was pushed out (*caveat - I have no opinions on whether that was necessary, only that it had unintended consequences we still suffer from today*) and many of the previous group of experts went to work on other coins where they wouldn't have to put up with all the mudslinging and attacks.  The end result is a group of experts that agree with what you're saying not because it is correct on its own merits, but rather because those disagreeing gave up and left.


These statements sound good, and are hard to disagree with without data.  On the flip side, my impression from the scaling conferences are that nearly everyone present are strong proponents of bigger blocks and better scaling well above and beyond segwit.  I would definitely be inclined to call those people experts.  But, I don't have any data to say that you are wrong.  Do you have data to say my statement is wrong?  If not, we need to dispense with the feel-good opinions about what the "experts" are saying and the real data needs to be discussed.  Or we could agree to disagree, but doing THAT is what is stalling everything.  One way or another the opposition will be heard and the data will be discussed; Market forces don't give a shit about experts, nor about our opinions on scaling.


The holdup over the last year has been a side effect of the disagreeing side being pushed out so aggressively.  The majority can push them out of the discussions, but that does not mean they are out of the ecosystem.


You wouldn't have to worry about that as it would be averaged out, but it would definitely make fee estimation a bit more tricky.  On the flip side, it assigns the costs to its rightful place - to one of the things contributing to the network's operating costs.
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:47:53
No one runs nodes for something they can't use.
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:16:13
How do you govern that which is aims to be ungovernable?
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:46:24


Too bad, the entire rest of the world is.  You'll be left with a whole lotta coins worth a whole lotta nothing.


You really haven't even looked into this, have you?  If you run a node in a datacenter, you don't have to pay the exorbitant prices you pay for local bandwidth to your house.
$2.25 per month for the first 12 months, $12.30 a month after the free tier time period ends, assuming you don't just make a new account.  That's t2.micro and 40gb up 20gb down.  8mb blocks?  No problemo - $30.25 a month.  To help you do the math, 800% more capacity for the entire global network would cost you a mere 15 transaction fees a month, using the minimum/average transaction fee required to get a tx on-chain today.


That in no way means they support segwit.  It only means they are running the software that nearly everyone else runs, and basically the only good node software.  Your logic is basically if they run bitcoin software, they must support segwit.  Have any non-shittastic data to back your claim?


At least 50% of the bitcoin community, divided across BU, miners, businesses, and comments to that effect here are big blockers.  By definition the libertarian small blockers are the minority, just not specifically in the small-blocker haven &gt; The situation you described is an attack or technical failure. It must go-chain in that case, because the channel is closed.
Yes, and Bob average user loses money because he went offline.  Bob average user will blame lightning and stop using it, and maybe Bitcoin too.


Because he's offline because his power went out.  Or his computer died.  Or he took a vacation.  Or his dog peed on the electric outlet.  Or because his node was actually a cell phone.  Any number of reasons.  Why it happened doesn't matter.  Bob trusted Bitcoin and Lighting because everyone told him it was awesome and the future.  Bob lost his money.  Bob is fucking pissed.


No, he isn't, because people like you have said we don't need on-chain scaling because of your 200gb.  You're absolutely totally telling Bob that he cannot use on-chain.  It won't be practical or usable for him, so instead he'll go use ethereum.  This will happen over and over again until there's no one left and the coins you hold are worthless.


Not if the channel states are to be updated in time with Bob offline.  Can't sign the new channel states without the private key.


Or for a fraction of the cost and trouble he could say fuck this foolish philosophy and run a node in a datacenter.


You mean hubs.  Centralization.  Which means the vulnerability of the mass default becomes not a matter of if, but rather a matter of when.


No, we won't.  The transactions aren't going to wait for 3 years for the libertarians to realize they were wrong.  They're going to go to a coin that doesn't suck.  The adoption, businesses, trust, price, and reputation will go with them when they do.  Imagine holding a coin that no one else has or uses and getting openly laughed at for trying to pay someone in by-gone relic of history, that's where you'll be.


Unless the hub defaults against all 2 million of its users at once, of course.  In which case it very much can steal funds from its users, and there's fuck all they can do about it.


If someone did what I just said in a developed country, they'd get sued, arrested, and eventually punished for their crimes, even if the victims couldn't be made whole.  That will not happen in a developing nation, never, no matter how much they took or who they screwed over.


You mean launder the money.  And they are in a third world country, even if people knew their true identity there's nothing they could do.  That's the point.
@_date: 2017-05-04 09:36:26


A little problem like lack of blockspace and transaction fees?
Hoo boy, you have no idea what's coming for you...
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:06:37


Datacenters don't decide things.  They provide services for companies.  Also this isn't true- Not only is 100 nodes is still definitely enough to reflect diverse views, but we'll never have so few nodes.  Work with me here for a second- Lets assume Bitcoin is so huge that the costs of operating a node run upwards of $20,000 a month.  Bandwidth costs dominate that, so we can calculate the blocksize for that, roughly - About 12 gigabyte blocks.  Terrifying right?  Except that if that happened, that would be nearly 1 trillion transactions per year - Double the current worldwide transaction volume across *every* tracked medium.  If Bitcoin were that huge, every single fortune 500 company in the U.S., plus the equivalent in Europe and Asia, plus nearly every single country at minimum would need to run at least one, if not multiple nodes for their own internal purposes.  That's well over 2000 nodes; We only have 7000 discoverable today.  Oh, and the bitcoin price needed to approximate such huge adoption?  At least $65,000 per Bitcoin.


Turn off syncing and you can.  8mb is only 550gb per month of bandwidth.


That's your opinion on what to do.  You can hopefully understand how you imposing your opinion on a different group of people might cause the strife in the community that we see today.




While you're at it, I'd love it if someone who is a fervent believer in lightning could explain how the issue I describe here won't kill Lightning's adoption among non-technie users: 


They being less than 10 million people, less than 0.2% of the world's population.  The other 99.8% of the population will simply use Ethereum or a similar competitor that doesn't constrain themselves to satisfy 0.2% of the population.
Guess which one will be worth more.  Guess which one will have more nodes.  Guess which one will become the global standard for currencies.


By the time we get there the Bitcoin price will be $65,000 per.  Do the math on how much money you'll have made - That's my entire point.  You'll be able to afford it unless you sold all your Bitcoin low, in which case there's no need for the rest of the community to hand market dominance to Ethereum because you sold too soon.
Hell, if it costs $10,000 per year to run a node, I'll commit to running one of them for every person in this thread.  I could easily afford it at that point.


I can run an 8mb node on a $200 desktop computer, what is the problem?  The cost problems come from bandwidth, not hardware.  And bandwidth issues will be overcome very easily by price increases that allow all current users to continue to running a node for as long as they like.


I hate to break it to you, but that's what Bitcoin was founded on and how it works.  Every actor in the community should be concerned primarily with their own financial well-being.  Without that, Bitcoin would not work.


Because the consequences of not getting to 90% is disastrous for everyone.  Bitcoin is protected from that disaster by the financial mutually assured destruction associated with not getting consensus.  Here again, Bitcoin is using greed to its own advantage - greed is what the system was built around.


Right, and I'm in favor of that along with many other people.  Unfortunately, the last year has shown we can't get that without +2mb.  Compromise is king.


A silver bullet would be wonderful.  I'll stick to what we have, though, which is the compromise cannon.
@_date: 2017-05-01 08:42:32
I don't remember reading that.
And even then, it could still be gamed.  Simply don't complete a previously agreed handshake; they'll be forced to broadcast the commitment transaction, then you compete the handoff and broadcast your commitment.  Take whole balance intended to punish bad actor.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:39:24




That's because on each side of the argument there are many, many diverse conflicting opinions, and when responding to one given thing you have to respond to what they said and what they are saying, not respond to your beliefs who will read it later.  If anything, this just shows just how impossible it has been / will be to get true consensus on this issue.
Take a look at the divisions in the community here for example.  You have a pro-segwit lightning-solves-everything crowd.  You have the pro-segwit because-BU-sucks-ass crowd.  You have pro-segwit small-blockers and smallblockers who don't like segwit.  You have pro-segwit bigblockers.  Then throw in the conspiracy theorists and every variation in between the factions.
It is a giant mess.  Makes it hard to take anyone seriously, but if we don't, we ALL suffer.
@_date: 2017-05-12 07:33:32
Yeah letting everything go to shit first is a good plan.
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:16:01
Ethereum's total market value is 50% of Bitcoin's today and its transaction volume is also 50% of Bitcoin's.
Factual reality, not politics.
@_date: 2017-05-06 04:50:33


Is there anything about these transactions to indicate spam?
Organic growth is almost certainly going to overwhelm blockspace available even if this is because of spam.  Its been coming for a long time.
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:23:37


Don't listen to any of these jokers, They don't give a fuck about your finances, they are only concerned with their bullshit propaganda no matter who it hurts.  If there is a fork the only safe thing to do is to do nothing until the fallout from the fork has a clear winner.  It is going to suck ass for everyone in the meantime.
@_date: 2017-05-30 22:48:39


Compromise segwit is exactly the same and still stops covert asicboost in the same manner.
@_date: 2017-05-31 09:07:12
Half the people here are extremely out of touch with reality.  :(
@_date: 2017-05-31 08:23:14


The question you have to ask yourself is not "can we scale to xxx."  The question you have to ask is "how far can we scale?"
Then figure out what level of adoption, transactions, and Bitcoin price it would take to get to that level.  The math will surprise you.
@_date: 2017-05-12 15:26:48
Yep.  I'd venture to guess even more than 75%.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:54:36


LOL.  It is clear that you've never seen the history of a huge project like any of those in detail.  There's compromises everywhere.  Lets take the bridge example.  The architect has to compromise with the engineer.  The director has to strike a compromise between the results of the geotechnical survey at various possible locations, the DoT planners who need the bridge to be located best for traffic, and the politicians who need to provide extra funding to satisfy both groups.  If the bridge crosses between two communities or legal jurisdictions it gets even WORSE because now the demands have to be met on both sides of the river, but neither side wants to pay extra for their demands.  They also have to compromise with the owners of the land that the bridge will go over - Courts do not like it and will not rule favorably when Emminent Domain is used as a weapon without a genuine, honest attempt to compromise and satisfy landowners whose property is being subsumed by the project.  And finally they have to compromise with the politicians who need to show the public progress even though there is nothing to show them for *years.*
I've seen this first hand - Dams(Or at least some dams like the one I witnessed this on) are required by FERC regulations to own or have right-of-way access around their entire shoreline.  I saw the owners of the dam capitulate and agree to pay an exorbitant price to purchase the last land holdout.  Everyone knew it was wrong - they were paying too much for the land - but the costs of going to court and trying to seize it with Emminent Domain would be even higher.  So they just paid, begrudgingly, because that's the best option.
You can stand back 30 years later and admire the bridge and think of what an engineering marvel it was to make it.  But right now you're pissed off because you're seeing how sausage gets made for the first time, and it aint as pretty as you thought.


Because if you don't, then some shitcoin that actually does compromise will get all the users you don't compromise with, plus all the new users, plus all of your old users who realize they backed the wrong horse.  If you don't, you don't get a global currency, you get a failed project.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:23:44


Its almost like *gasp* a compromise!
Fuck that noise we don't need not compromises 'round here!  To hell with anyone who disagrees with my viewpoint!
@_date: 2017-05-31 09:06:09
You're in for a hell of a surprise coming up.
!remindme 3 months
@_date: 2017-05-29 19:01:47
Replying to your edit:


Jihan has a company to run, he doesn't have time to argue with every single internet troll.  I'm not saying that to imply he has no intellectual obligations in the debate, what I mean is if you want to narrow "them" to be "only these two guys" you're being intellectually dishonest and you are the problem.  The debate is larger than those two people, and you can't lump "them" into a group and simultaneously ignore the technical counter-arguments that people aligned with them are making.


The developer group has, intentionally or not, pushed every big-blocker out of its group, specifically(but not only) Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen.  They and others could technically post but what's the point when you just get attacked, few people argue hard data, and some of your email messages get filtered by the moderators?  I've had that happen with some of my emails because they were "too political."  Too political to point out how polarized the group has become, and how they are ignoring counter-proposals outright because it doesn't fit their worldview?  I guess, but the emails with data (or requesting data) were pretty well ignored.


That's what happens when you make everyone who disagrees with you leave the arena.  Bitcoin XT anyone?  As it turns out you can make them leave the arena, but you can't make them leave Bitcoin, hence the shithole we've found ourselves in.
@_date: 2017-05-06 17:25:10
Where do you see that?
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:42:25
What the fuck is with this garbage post?


Because, by definition in the agreement, they'll be hardforked off in 6 months.


Then you have the votes for segwit-only and votes for segwit+2mb confused.


It doesn't take many months of development and testing to change a bit flag and a limit variable.  Have you people ever done coding on a large project in your life?


Yes.  Its called a hardfork.  *gasp* People might have to upgrade their software when a hardfork is coming up!


It seems to be heading towards exactly what it says it was going to do.


Instead posts like this seek only to spread FUD to try to delay a compromise that they don't like (for false and misleading reasons).
I bet you wouldn't be bitching at all about UASF hardfork and creating and testing a new network.  No point in bitching about things that ideologically align with your views.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:45:28


Bitcoin can't save millions of anything with small blocks.  If the blocksize isn't increased - drastically and regularly - Bitcoin will be relegated to the playground of the very rich, very corrupt, and mega corporations.  No one else will be able to afford block space.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:11:38
If only the comic were just a comic... :(
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:00:23


XT came too early.  They were trying to solve a problem they could see, but not enough people took it seriously.
Classic was shortsighted and poorly handled from the outset.
BU is not a good idea and has been poorly managed.
Despite all of that, support for classic was higher than XT, and support for BU is higher than classic.  The pain of the blocksize limit is becoming more and more apparent.
Among the community, a minimum of ~12% of actual users support BU, potentially as high as 45%.  I believe a significant portion of the BU supporters don't really like BU, but it is the only viable bigblock proposal so it gets the support.
Meanwhile, the core developer team has, accidentally or not, pushed everyone who isn't a small blocker out.  Those who supported big blocks got frustrated with the mudslinging and shit-tastic arguing and left.  That's a problem, yet it isn't one the core developers have acknowledged.  Similarly, Theymos and co here pushed the big blockers out with XT (for better or worse, I don't have an opinion on whether that was necessary or not), leaving us with that overwhelmingly supports bigger blocks and which gives small blocks the appearance of stronger support than it really has.
The whole thing is a big mess.


No one wants a disastrous fork, which is why none has happened despite the immense anger on both sides.


Have you even seen how the political system in &lt;your country&gt; works?  This is politics, not sound engineering based on thorough consideration of the data supporting every side of the argument.
Edit: Source data on the minimum support levels I mentioned: 
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:33:17
That's actually not a bad idea at all...  The miners would have to make an additional tradeoff when deciding which transactions to include; Users would then have to pay a higher fee for the creation of many utxo's.
Why doesn't an idea like this have more traction already?
@_date: 2017-05-12 07:27:29
This.  Segwit plus 2mb would fix the problem now, today, and it was broadly agreed to over a year ago.  2mb isn't much to swallow to get segwit and everything else.
@_date: 2017-05-04 09:42:44


It isn't magic.  Instead of being stored and processed by everyone (Bitcoin Blockchain), it is instead processed only by a chain of people linking you to the destination, and only stored until those people decide to stop storing it.
Its "better" except if the destination isn't online, you can't send them money.  And if you go offline when your client was acting as a node in a chain, you may lose the Bitcoins you put in.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:11:19


The NY agreement is the best, safest way to get everyone on board and bring everyone segwit.  Anything else at this point will be a contentious, painful, price-killing fork.
@_date: 2017-05-02 23:45:28


Right you are, I have seen that poll I just forgot to include it in my reply to you.  That datapoint doesn't disagree with anything the other numbers I gave (i.e., 23% = BU, 49% = big blockers), and I think it is a valuable datapoint.


Agreed, has some value but I think it has limited value.  That puts the BU support at ~11%, which is under both of the pool vote metrics mentioned above that I find more accurate as a minimum.


I don't think this metric has any value for determining community support or even business support.  Businesses make business decisions.  If I were a BU supporter but my business critically depended on Bitcoin, you bet your ass I'd have a plan to become (or already be) segwit ready.  The consequences for the business(and investors, employees, etc) of not being prepared far outweigh my opinions on the matter.


That's why I think that metric is very, very useful for establishing a minimum.  BU miners are more likely to mine elsewhere rather than slush; 13/18% is just whose who remain.
I didn't mention it of course, but BU blocks are still at 38%.  I think that number is useful to determine a rough upper limit on BU support.


Well yeah, but if you don't categorize you don't get useful statistics...


No, but there's definitely a very strong pro-sw sentiment in and a pretty strong pro-BU sentiment in It's all about trying to derive useful statistics.  If it were just that one datapoint, I'd agree that it is less valuable, but add in the BU blockcounts and BU votes on slushpool?  All of those have similar indicators(non-majority but also non-trivial support) so I think that gives us enough to establish a (very large and imprecise) range.  The poll agreeing with all the other statistics is even more support for the theory.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:43:30


He didn't capitulate to anything.  He proposed terms that he was very confident were nearly impossible to achieve.  He said:


The many factions of Bitcoin that all vehemently disagree with eachother should make it obvious that there is no proposal involving blocksize that could get consensus from "the entire" community.  Never going to happen.  The segwit signaling reduction, UASF signaling reduction, BU signalling low bar, classic signaling still happening, participation in versus here, opinions of businesses and well-known individuals in the larger community should make it obvious that getting "the entire" community behind any single proposal is never, ever going to happen.
Luke just wants to give people a false dichotomy that he can point to and argue that the are valid alternatives.  There are no valid alternatives that even have 50% of support of any single subgroup, much less the entire ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:47:05


Not entirely true, but at some level yes.
That's why it is a compromise.  We can't let perfect become the enemy of good enough.
@_date: 2015-10-02 04:32:22
What client are you using?
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:38:07


They tried this.  How do you think BU, Classic, and BitcoinXT came about?
The first step was the core devs refusing the pull requests, and even refusing to discuss the issue.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:53:09


I wish more people would have this attitude.  They're so against &lt;everyone that doesn't agree with them&gt; that they can't even think straight.  Props to you, good sir.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:54:34


The proposal is to activate segwit unmodified as-is, they only changed the signaling bit and agreed to HF afterwards.  Covert asicboost would be blocked by segwit.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:33:04
I don't agree with that link, but even if I take it entirely as true...


So basically, people have to upgrade their node?  Its called a hardfork for a reason.
Sounds like a plan, lets do it and get this shitstorm argument behind us.
@_date: 2017-05-04 09:38:16
You're going to have to resend or replace-by-fee the transaction with a higher fee.
Blocks are full.  Fees are rising.  This is only going to get worse so long as the blocksizes aren't increased and/or segwit isn't activated.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:52:00


What I'm saying is that nearly everyone's perceptions - on both sides - about the level of support within the community/ecosystem for **their favored solution** is wrong.


Great, so did I.  I support segwit and have all along.  I oppose BU, though if it was the only way to get &gt; 1mb blocks I'd swallow it.
I started out strongly opposing any blocksize increase because of the scale of the problem we're trying to solve(worldwide-level transaction scaling).  I vehemently argued against bigger blocks for over a month until some people argued back and forced me to gather the real data.  A month later I had to accept that I was wrong and changed my position.  I now believe Bitcoin could scale, from a technical perspective, very nearly to a level that would be needed to support being a true major worldwide transaction medium with billions of transactions per day.  You seem like a smart guy despite what you say, so I imagine that's going to sound ridiculous.  Yes, it sounded ridiculous the first time I thought of it too.  The trick was I had to accept that node operational costs need to be priced in terms of BTC per month(~0.005 BTC/month was what I targeted), not dollars per month which had to rise with the bandwidth requirements.
This allowed transaction fees to remain on-chain and keep the acceptable safe tx fee levels under $10 per tx ad infinitum.  Everything I've examined since then has reinforced this position - Lightning will be heavily constrained by blocksizes, and indeed, have actual real vulnerabilities due to block congestion in mass-default scenarios.  More importantly, the alternative to blocksize increases was just as dangerous to Bitcoin for node operation - Once average users cannot afford to transact on-chain, average users will not run nodes.  At which point, why would it matter if average users cannot afford to run a node that they don't care to run?


My perspective is that the extreme viewpoints need to be dealt with by a thinking, balanced, moderate majority.  Every time extreme viewpoints like UASF and BU get pushed along, it hurts any possibility of a compromise that avoids either disaster.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:58:45


You mean scaling Bitcoin to allow more than just the very rich, very corrupt, and mega-corporations to use it?
*gasp* How DARE they!?!?


Because to do otherwise would confuse the votes for the different versions, and also would result in the older nodes getting forked off within less than a year?


If your only purpose is to stir shit up, you would post stuff like this.  Why is it so hard for people here to accept that maybe people that disagree with them have reasons for doing so and aren't idiots or paid shills?


Because a very large number of people believe it is neither dangerous nor stupid, and more importantly, there's no hard data to show that it is actually dangerous in any way.
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:56:59


\* Only applies to the first 50,000 cypherpunks at the door, due to real world space limitations.  Void where prohibited.  Not valid with any other offers.
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:54:03
Sure, here's something I posted a few days ago in response to a "BU is only Jihan+China" poster:


Updating the above numbers, at the moment it is 245 to 1319 - way off from all of the other days I've checked, most likely due to the all time high price reached ~8 hours ago - but less than 2 days ago there was [a post about this ratio]( in the other sub and it was 303 to 513.
My main point in all of this is not that BU is good, or that the other sub is better or any of that.  It is just that these divisions run a lot deeper than either side is willing to acknowledge.  Its a reasonable assumption that most readers support BU, and also again that most BU supporters support bigger blocks(and, by extension, higher node operational costs, even if they don't acknowledge that reality).  I don't believe the reverse logic extends to or segwit supporters, but do admit freely that coming up with hard data to back that assertion is very difficult.  For example, the number of users online right now in (2+x higher than I've seen in previous checks!) implies to me that the vast majority of the sudden traffic here care about price and figuring out what's going on with price, nothing else.  When I try to pin a number on it, I believe that ~15-25% of bitcoin users are true small blockers - including core devs like gmaxwell and luke-jr.  They accept segwit as a "compromise" but if they had their way, the limit would actually be lower than 1mb, not higher.  I believe ~45-65% of Bitcoin users are big blockers at heart, though they disagree widely on how to do that (sewgit vs blocksize limit vs voting proposals vs BU/EC).  The balance doesn't care either way.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:10:15
Right, because if they don't support your solution, they are the ENEMY!
@_date: 2017-05-30 19:39:50


There are plenty of people who either oppose any block increases or oppose it on such a long timeline as to be useless (years out and/or impractically small increases).  There are people among the core devs who espouse this position.


Without +2mb or a contentious fork we won't get segwit.  The anti-segwit sentiment is well over 10%, probably over 20%.  The NY agreement is about satisfying their objections and still getting all of us segwit.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:56:40


Thank you for bringing some sanity into the discussion.  (not sarcastic - I think people seriously didn't read what was proposed nor understand covert asicboost)
@_date: 2017-05-12 07:32:15
Jihan would.  Roger would follow jihan, and everyone else in btc would follow those two.  So yes
@_date: 2017-05-31 08:52:57
I've been asking for that for months.  To date I haven't found anything and no one has provided any data.
@_date: 2017-05-02 00:40:41


Because there's massive, deep divisions in the community about how it should happen, how much, and when.
Rational debate(for larger blocksizes and compromise in this sub, or for segwit and compromise in the protest sub) gets downvoted or derided.  For example, most likely someone(here) would response to my first sentence claiming that BU/bigger blocks has *no real* support, but be silent when I add the statistics indicating that BU/bigger blocks support is between 15-45% of the userbase, and if someone in the other sub would claim that core has been commandeered by Blockstream and are attempting to attack Bitcoin.  Neither is true, but neither side will budge.
@_date: 2017-05-30 23:08:45
I mean you could check the proposal and agreement yourself.  Or just listen to the people who spew venom at everyone who disagrees with them, that usually works out well for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:25:36


Segwit still adds the witness data bits in and shifts the bits across the midstate.  Why would this not also ruin asicboost just because the signaling bit (in the coinbase transaction, no less) is different?
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:54:27


Yes, but how many can we fit?
Do the math.  It will surprise you.
@_date: 2017-05-14 04:16:51


Seriously. :(  The divide between bigblockers and smallblockers is so huge and contentious, you have to put that part first or you'll get downvoted / ignored / attacked.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:29:52


So basically if we change a number, it changes the whole thing and invalidates the entire thing?
Give me a break.  Bitcoin is screwed as long as people insist on holding such a ridiculous illogical hard line.
@_date: 2017-05-29 19:38:08


[Its not.](  That's the narrative you have been fed by ignoring and deriding those opposed to you, and yet you continue to spit it out like it is fact.  You're no better than the people over there - who I also fight to try to bring sanity to - who bash blocksteam constantly and declare that all UASF people like yourself are paid shills.  And you make the problem worse by not questioning the narrative you've been swallowing for months on end.


The facts indicate that Jihan and Ver are just figureheads that make for a convenient target; The BU, big block, and anti-segwit contingent is far far larger than any UASFers would like to admit.


Different people react to frustration, ostracization, and personal attacks in different ways.  Gavin's positions seem to agree with what I'm saying, he's just nice about it:
And no one "pushes themselves out."  That's stupid logic.  You're saying the there was nothing that upset the ragequitter, they did it to themselves?  Core taking responsibility for their bad behavior doesn't mean they have to say Hearn's behavior was ok, but it is part of a trend that has been ongoing for a long time.


If every time you post about the single most important issue facing Bitcoin it gets ignored, you get insulted in the larger community, no one responds to data with data (or even at all) eventually you give up.  If everyone allied with you in the debate leaves, you tend to give up and leave too; That leaves only one side being represented by this "technical community."


Not to mention the complete and total blacklist by and bitcointalk on every big-block hardfork proposal that only eased up in the last few months.


It just so happens that everyone leaving the arena was part of the other team.  Funny thing, that.  But unfortunately for the remaining team, the sport of Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies) goes on even after they kick one team out of the arena.


Nope, they'll just ignore, mock, and insult them.  And, apparently, claim that "There are no counter-proposals" and "The other side doesn't have a technical argument."
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:39:49


Which is precisely what I described is likely to continue to happen, even in datacenters.  


Taking out datacenter class nodes is more difficult than taking out home user class nodes.  Regardless, not a problem because there will still be thousands of nodes easily, quite likely even more nodes than we have now.


It will.  Use decreases with price, and price increases with use.  If a gap between average blocksize and the level of blocksize that a given price can support appears, miners and the community will adapt.  There are a number of proposals that utilize various forms of voting.


Serves the same exact purpose for the network.  This kind of logic is going to kill Bitcoin because other coins use their brains.


Then you're already screwed under the conditions you described - A full node today with default bitcoind settings will pull between 1 and 2.5 TB of bandwidth a month, I measured it recently over 3 runs over more than a week.  Hell, even a minimized node not supporting syncing will use up 25% of your allowance; Segwit will cap you.  Oops.
Sorry, a global currency cannot be held back by the lowest 0.01% common denominator of its economy.


Then you'll find over the time that the Bitcoin you favor gets relegated to the pages of history.  People who care about reality will take over, because reality beats philosophy every time.


The way I get attacked for proposing moderate views or anything counter to the UASF JihanVer-is-evil lol-lightning crowd, yeah, it is being imposed by a vocal conspiracy theory libertarian minority.  The markets don't care for their philosophy; They will be overruled or they will be discarded into the trashbin of history.  I'd rather not have that happen to Bitcoin.


The community, when you include more than just the upvoted UASF armys' posts on this sub, favors the 2MB compromise.  The UASF contingent are now doing the exact thing you are trying to accuse JihanVer of, congratulations.


There is no data, ANYWHERE, that indicates that Segwit has 90% of any relevant statistic, or even close.  Data doesn't lie, prove me wrong.  [Even on a pro-segwit U.S. based pool, more than 14% of the USERS vote for BU, with 18% of the hashrate](  Your majority is entirely in your head, which is what you get when you only read posts from the UASF conspiracy theory army and nothing else.  Segwit maybe has 60-70% of the community supporting it using very generous estimates; With the 2mb compromise it should hopefully reach 80% for activation.


Bob isn't one person.  Half the dev team left because they discovered bigger blocks had to happen and got shut out by the core dev team and the reddit army.  The big blockers pushed out eventually found a new home at or with Ethereum which has nearly 30% of the userbase that rbitcoin has, and appears to be growing as the libtard conspiracy theory army pushes out moderates like me.  Unfortunately for the UASF army, everyone pushed out is still a part of Bitcoin and can cause immense destruction upon any forks by either side.
But facts aren't important to your perception that you stand with the majority, are they?  If the facts supported it, you'd be able to provide them and prove me wrong.


We don't want lightning transactions to go on-chain because if we do the blockchain size has to be increased.  But even if it did, it wouldn't come from Dave who was paid.  Alice would broadcast, but only to take Bitcoin from Bob.  Bob now has to broadcast - within a day - to take money from Alice, and pay a tx fee for a transaction that wasn't even his, plus another one to reopen a channel since his channel with Alice was closed in the dispute.  That's if he comes back online in time and catches up to what happened without his knowledge.


She must, she paid Dave already and Dave has R.  Moreover, if she does not, if Bob is dishonest he could take Alice's funds just as soon as Carol fails to take his funds, which now means that Alice has paid Bob instead of Dave, and Carol has paid Dave instead of Alice.  Not exactly working as intended.


Do you really not see the irony of this statement?  You claim Bitcoin isn't for nodes to be in datacenters because centralization bad, and lightning will solve the scaling problems.  Then you claim lightning isn't for people who might go offline at the wrong time unless they pay a third party service.  Moreover, if Bob does pay a third party service to prevent him from losing Bitcoin to Lightning, but also goes offline for an extended period of time, he must trust the private keys to his channels to the third party service, otherwise they can't settle the channel state before HashLockTime expires on the signed transactions exchanged.  You're sacrificing both usability and centralization just because you don't want to pay $25 a month to any one of thousands of datacenters on the planet to run a node for you that you already can't properly run because the syncing bandwidth is over your cap.


No, it really was not.  Bob became an intermediary because that's what lightning requires to function, and he has to use lightning because the small blockers told Bob that he has to use Lightning because they refused every blocksize increase the majority wanted.  If Bob is an average user, he will turn off intermediary features, which means the people Bob pairs with will be locking up funds they can't use to transact except with him and can't make fees from; They'll kick Bob off.  Bob will have to go to a lightning hub, one of only a few available worldwide and only available when run from third world countries because of AML regulations.
Having to rely on a few lightning hubs in shady countries to save Bitcoin from the scaling problem that your 200gb bandwidth cap has now created is way, way more centralized than thousands of nodes run by thousands of companies and individuals in thousands of datacenters worldwide.  But moreover, those hubs will fail because of the next lightning vulnerability - Either hubs against users, or users against hubs, can default en-masse and force the hub to attempt to flood an already-full blockchain with transactions to try to prevent the attacker from stealing their money.  If their money doesn't get stolen by lightnings vulnerability / small-block limitations, they might still go out of business from paying exorbitant bitcoin tx fees in their bid for desperate inclusion before the cutoff, and then bob has one fewer already-centralized lightning hub available.
All because you don't want to pay $25 a month to run your node in a facility designed to handle massive problems of scale.  Sorry bub, but the future of crypto has already been decided; We're only deciding if Bitcoin will be a part of that future or a relic of the past.
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:43:54


In other news, shit still stinks.
Everything about the scaling debate is contentious.  The difference between this and everything else is that this can get 80% of the miners on board and at least 60% of the userbase if not 80% as well.
It isn't anyone's favorite solution.  That's why it is a compromise.  If one side were way more happy about it than the other, it wouldn't be a very good compromise.


That's an opinion, there's no real basis for it.  Among other things, big ambitious agreements like this take time to execute, and it has barely been any time at all.  It doesn't help that the core developers are barely even willing to discuss the agreement.  That means the signers of the agreement will need to develop it themselves and try to get Core to merge it.  If Core refuses to merge it at that point, there's going to be a contentious rift between core and 80% of the miners/businesses that want to move forward, and that's going to really suck.
Even if it is a stalling tactic by one side or the other, at this point Core is stalling it more than anything else.
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:58:15


Definitely don't disagree, and I support both segwit and covert asicboost blocking - Blocking covert asicboost should be a no-brainer really.  The other version can easily be blocked too.  I just get irritated here when everyone bashes Jihan as if he's satan.  Or anyone else for that matter.  Same thing in when they bash blockstream and Greg Maxwell.  The bashing and hate doesn't help Bitcoin. :/
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:36:44


Also fyi, this is not true.  It doesn't reflect an apples to apples comparison.  Comparing sending eth on ethereum versus computational type transactions, sending eth fees are in the $0.03 - $0.08 range, not $0.50-$0.75 range.  Not that I disagree with your larger point, just clarifying that the facts don't help us quite so much as that.
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:32:55


FYI, it isn't totally clear that they didn't come up with asicboost independently.  The S7 (BM1385) chip supported midstates and must have been taped out before or around the end of May, 2015.  The patent wasn't published until April 28th, 2015 which gives them less than a month to stumble on the patent and then redesign 9 months of chip design to support midstates prior to tape-out, AND have it all work and give them a new, more-efficient chip(without midstates!) than the S5 generation.  Even after the patent was published by the PTO, there was no public announcement or anything for many more months, just a patent in a database.
There a lot of inventions in history found separately by different people at the same time.  Having a team of engineers so extremely close to the chip design and Bitcoin / SHA256 design is exactly the conditions where it could be independently discovered multiple times.  Along the same vein, the Chinese patent was filed within days of the BM1385 test chips actually working, still long before the creators of ASICBOOST publicly announced or created the website for it.
That doesn't make ASICBOOST any more right or wrong - it still should be blocked because of the SW conflict of interest and possibly patent concerns - But it does imply that they did not steal it and probably didn't even know that they weren't the only ones with it.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:36:02


Yep, and no one sees the irony in those demands.  Any data that disagrees with the "everyone except JihanVer supports UASF" is discarded, ignored, or downvoted.  Meh.
The current compromise is an excellent one - Extremists on both sides are very upset.  The hallmarks of a good compromise.
@_date: 2017-05-01 08:48:41
Hundreds of dollars per transaction, easily.
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:30:10


We can both hope, we're definitely on the same side there.  


The problem everyone has missed with this logic (here, at least) is that every one of those nodes is now so wealthy that they can afford higher operational costs for the next several years without batting an eye.  No one cares about the operational costs of a project that has made you unbelievably rich.
For someone who wants to conservatively engineer a coin without compromising, it seems foolish to just hope the other side dies and goes away.  A better bet would be to simply beat them on every metric that we can.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:48:42
No chance in hell unless the blocksize is increased to 8mb on-chain + segwit.
There isn't enough transaction space to fit that kind of growth.  If instead it is increased... Maybe $8000/coin.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:53:49


Took me 30 seconds to find that.
Or you could simply talk to them about it, you know, like people:


I mean, you missed the part where they have technical objections.  Note, you haven't declared that their technical objections are not good objections - that's a different debate but it would at least be a debate - you literally said that they don't care about debating technical solutions.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:06:51


Eh, I think the distrust from both sides runs so deep now that no one will do anything based on "trust" anymore.  That chance was blown by HK 1.0.  I don't know how they'll do it, but I have faith in the depth of the anger and mistrust.  :)
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:11:55
Only in Australia.
@_date: 2017-05-04 09:45:08


Yes, everyone has to be online at the time of the transaction.


You find someone else to transact with the restaurant, unless they are offline, in which case you can't pay them on Lightning.
If someone else drops offline(for 1 day) while you are in a payment chain with them, you get to steal their Bitcoins.  If you drop offline when someone else was using your node as a chain link, they get to steal your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:40:24


It is unbelievably frustrating. :(
Sadly, if we don't argue with them, those among them who do have open minds won't have an opportunity to change it (I was once in that category).
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:32:26


Which is going nowhere fast, and segwit hasn't even passed BU which few people want.
UASF doesn't even have a simple majority of miners to prevent their chain from being obliterated.
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:42:05


On this point you and I agree.  My disagreement with you on it is that I strongly believe that Bitcoin is not immune to economic and competitive realities.  It is not special or magic, it just got a 4 year head start and has the biggest, most recognizable name, and easiest to explain feature set.
We can't pretend that all users and businesses don't have choices when it comes to crypto-currencies.  You appear to be of the position that users and businesses choosing other coins instead of Bitcoin is not a problem or concern at all - even in massive numbers / a majority.  To me, the users and businesses are the very beating heart of Bitcoin.  If they stop coming in, our rocketship to the future stalls before we break out of the world's gravity well.  Stalled rockets don't just sit there and don't get a few years to fix the problem; They fall and explode into a burning ball of fire.


There are [8.6 million datacenters]( worldwide...  And the numbers I just showed you were cheaper than your own bandwidth.


I get your philosophical opposition to datacenters.  I used to have a similar perspective, though for different reasons, so it wouldn't be fair to say nothing can change my view on it.  The only thing I can say further on it is ask, beg, that you please do the math on it.  Bitcoin is supposed to be an anti-government, anti-centralization, anti-censorship force in the world, would you agree?  And such a thing should be available for anyone to use, right?  Not just useful for a select few?  The math did not support that possibility under Bitcoin's current constraints no matter how I looked at it.
You could try to do the math any number of ways, and if you come up with something different from me, I genuinely would be interested in hearing it, sincerely.  Here's how I looked into it:  Lightning, if it works perfectly despite my concerns, would hopefully function as a multiplicative scaling element on the transactions supportable on Bitcoin.  That is, every on-chain transaction could actually represent 10 to 100 transactions off-chain.  The exact multiplier is difficult to guess and maybe impossible to ever know with any certainty because it isn't tracked, but I think 10x would be a lower bound and 100x is an upper bound.  Even if the average user could do more than 100 transactions(on average) through a single channel without needing to adjust balances or deal with a failure on either side, high multipliers get dangerous.  The higher the multiplier, the higher the btc tx fee will be proportionally to open/close/deal with a default, making those things extremely expensive propositions.  Smaller channels/users might end up held hostage if their channel counterparty defaults for a value smaller than a bitcoin tx fee; They'd lose more money by fixing the default than they would by simply cooperating with the theft.  Also, the higher the multiplier, the greater the chance of a mass-default attack against lightning users or hubs.
For ease of estimating, lets assume altcoins do not play any role whatsoever in the math/economics.  So take that 100x multiplier and take Bitcoin's tx capabilities at our current (or our segwit) blocksize, and that gives us an estimate of how lightning+bitcoin could perform if it works perfectly.  Now compare that to the real world numbers like population, worldwide transaction volume, etc.  Bitcoin's fee markets will always inherently favor the highest value transactions(and therefore highest value use-cases) out of the subset of transactions(or use-cases) that wish to use it.  Though we only reach the high average multiplier if EVERY user uses lightning to the fullest extent safely possible, and many will not, decreasing it significantly.  With the most generous 100x estimates possible and segwit blocks being a full 4mb, that would allow Bitcoin to handle ~2% of the world's transactions.
Great, right?  But even taking the 2% number, which 2%??  Bitcoin will always choose the transactions which can or will pay the highest fee.  Those who will/can pay the highest fee will be:
1. The wealthy
2. Businesses, medium, large and huge
3. Cartels
4. International settlement
Bitcoin will select the highest value transactions out of all of that to fit in its very small blockchain space.  Look at that list again and take the highest value transactions - Small blocks effectively turn Bitcoin into the playground of the very rich, the very corrupt, and huge corporations.
That isn't what you want, I don't think.  That isn't what any of us want.  But that's how Bitcoin was designed, and if something doesn't give between your philosophy regarding datacenters or the world's internet-using population doesn't decrease massively, that is where we will end up.  Every small-block libertarian will be priced out of their own small-block blockchain space by mega corporations and huge cartels.


That shows 45% of businesses support segwit and 19% support UASF.  Neither of those are even 50%, much less 90% which you claimed.  Not even 90% of the tracked names are segwit READY, much less support it!!!




This has already gotten long, and the evidence is very hard to dig out.  I outlined numbers [here]( showing and BU (disentangling the two is very difficult) users at somewhere between 20% and 45% of the community.  Big blocker support within that are anti-BU are more than enough to make up the remaining 5-30% needed.  Also linked from there is a [survey that shows]( big blocks at 49% versus small blocks at 34%.




Users versus hub:  4 million channels ("users" but probably only a few wealthy individuals) perform large send transactions through the target hub.  Hub performs the transactions as requested and sends its funds onwards to the destination (also secretly the same individuals).  On the final step when the channel balances are supposed to be updated with a new commitment transaction, all 4 million channels begin defaulting with high enough fees to nearly fill every on-chain block.  The hub operator only has N=1000 blocks to counter the defaults on-chain, but 4 million channels are enough to fill 100%(assuming segwit  of the next 1000 blocks if the hub operator didn't have to fight for blockspace against the normal tx load.  Even worse if this attack is coordinated against multiple hubs at once.  The hub operator will likely have to pay higher fees than the attacker to get included after the backlog builds, but even if he doesn't he's fucked.  In the best case scenario he blocks the theft and is only out a gargantuan amount of transaction fees, probably enough to ruin his business.  More likely the thief steals at least half of the total channel balances that they were able to trick the hub into committing to them.
No private keys required.
Hub versus users is a similar concept, but more dependent on psychology and user ineptitude.  The hubs can't trick the users into committing large balances onto the wrong side of the channel before the attack, but the hubs can use historical channel states against the users.  Unlike hub operators, users are going to be very slow to react to an attack.  Worse, lightning requires that users safely and securely store all previous revocation transactions.  A large enough hub, or group of hubs, could pick from among the oldest channel states in their favor and mass-default against their users.  The users who safely stored their revocations and got online within a day or three enough would simply face the same high-fee transaction backlog on-chain.  The users who didn't would be screwed and would come online later to find their channels closed with some portion of their money stolen.  The gamble for the hub operator is that the users who successfully fight through the backlog would counter-steal additional funds via the revocation tx's, but if the users states were in favor of the users at that time the losses would be small, and hubs could choose which to use.  Either way the users get fucked - the high transaction fees of fighting through a huge backlog would probably break many of them.
No private keys required.


Whoever will do it sooner and right.  BS increase itself isn't a coding challenge, the lightning re-vote + re-activation is, so probably core, but not core if they refuse to get on board with the widely supported compromise.
@_date: 2017-05-31 09:02:35
What happens if it is fine?  Will you apologize for stirring people to outrage for months and then heal the wounds you've caused?
Didn't think so.
@_date: 2017-05-08 18:52:29
The limitation isn't in the box.  It's in the band.
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:52:00
Yes it does.  Don't listen to the conspiracy theories.  It simply changes which bit is used to signal a vote for it, otherwise it is segwit as-is.
That's also in-line with what Jihan has said all along - that Bitmain would support segwit if paired with +2mb blocksize limit as agreed in the HK1.0 agreement.  This is perfectly consistent, the conspiracy theorists are just causing trouble.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:35:49


My opinion is that, at this point, trying to find the better technical solution has allowed perfect to become the enemy of good enough.  At this point it doesn't matter how we scale, we've wasted 3 years arguing over that.  We simply have to do it, whatever that looks like.
THEIR opinion is that yes, 2mb or larger is a better, cleaner, simpler technical solution than segwit.


This is the kind of garbage that gets spewed when people don't bother to try to **understand** the opposition, as is clearly the case for you.
@_date: 2017-06-04 06:38:51
I've love to see you disprove this:
It is absolutely NOT cheap for the users that BIP148 needs most to jump on board.
BIP 148 needs miners.  Desperately - If at least 15% of the hashrate doesn't run BIP148 (not segwit, BIP148 specifically), the BIP148 chain **will not reach a difficulty change before its expiration.** (confirmed by [the official FAQ]( under "Wont blocks become...")
That means miners **have to gamble $800,000 dollars a day in mining losses towards the chain.**  Without them, BIP148 is doomed.
How many miners does BIP148 have right now?  About **$6,700 dollars a day of mining power.** ([0.12% of the hashrate]( currently).  If the BIP148 chain does not succeed, every miner who gambled with the users will lose their entire gamble.  The users lose nothing but a bit of time.
BIP148 is literally being gambled exclusively by the people with nothing at stake, but whom are expecting others to stake millions of dollars on *their* bet.
Edit: Tell you what and UASFers. Here's how you can make UASF a reality. Get a bonded depository set up with a neutral arbitrator. Deposit the funds necessary to pay miners to take the risks you are demanding of them. Collect money from all of the UASFers.
If UASF succeeds, you get your money back and the miners keep the coins they mined on UASF and Jihan loses. If UASF fails, pay the miners out of your deposits for taking those huge risks for you. You're going to need to come up with 2.8 million dollars a day(51%), and have to keep doing it for at least 4 weeks, so that's 79 million dollars or 32,000 BTC. No problem for the economic majority.  I honestly hope you do this and succeed as it will at least get us somewhere.
This is the only way a significant miner is going to risk his power bills and ROI for you. Put up or shut up.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:26:09


Egos and conspiracy theories. :(


It's a fight between about 35% of the miners and the core devs.  Unfortunately there are more undecided miners than there are ones signaling an opinion.


That's what segwit2mb represents.  Not exactly merged, but is a compromise between the major players.
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:20:10
haha, that's funny.  Did not realize that it was that bad.  Thank you. :)
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:11:53
1. They won't have any miners because they will be the extreme minority chain, currently less than 0.5% of the hashrate.  It is easy for users to run nodes and signal support; it costs nothing.  Similarly it is easy for companies to support every proposal, and several do exactly that; it costs then nothing.  Miners on the other hand are being asked (and not very nicely) to gamble up to 3 million dollars a day on the minority fork; the current miner support doesn't even break $50k a day being risked.
2. UASFers constantly refer to the economic majority, despite no data indicating that a majority backs USAF and significant opposition at every level.  But worse, this economic majority will never be given a voice because UASF did not include replay protection; it is difficult for the average user to make a transaction that won't be valid on both chains, so difficult that they will not do it.  Exchanges are extremely unlikely to fill the gap, as they explicitly told both ETC and BU that they could not and would not list a minority chain without replay protections.
3. There are not even any indications that UASF has a simple majority of users, much less an overwhelming economic majority.  They have around 10% of nodes, the same as BU, and Core refused to merge an optional flag because of how unsafe UASF is.
4. Even here the UASF movement has been losing steam.  Fewer spam posts being made, more upvotes for the opposition.  The extreme lack of data showing support, the logical fallacies involved in their claims of guaranteed success, and the trollyness of the UASF spam posts are all hurting the movement.
5. Segwit2mb appears to actually have a chance of reaching consensus and addressing conflicts that have existed for a very long time, and has the support of most moderates.  Either extreme fringe(EC or UASF) are very unlikely to get consensus, especially with segwit2mb on the table and moving forward.
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:24:12
Its that or BigCorporationsOnlyCoin, because no one else will be able to fit in the blockchain.
Enjoy your BigCorpCoin, the rest of us are taking Bitcoin to the next level of adoption.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:55:26
I think McCain found his way onto reddit again, we'll need to let his handler know where he is.
@_date: 2017-06-12 08:55:03


Noooo not 20mb blocks!  That's, like, 1 terabyte a month of bandwidth dedicated to a global currency that could serve 4% of the global worldwide transaction volume!  That would allow the bitcoin price to reach $40,000 a coin!  We don't want that Nnnooooooo!
Yes, those numbers are accurate extrapolations of known quantities.
You talk about a healthy second layer as if anyone has one working yet.  They don't, and pro lightning people have repeatedly failed to answer why two attacks won't completely ruin lightning as a scaling solution.  I guess it's better to use magical thinking that this unproven second layer will solve everything and in the mean time let's let bitcoin become only usable by the very wealthy and mega corporations who can afford blockchain space.
After all, it is critical that those people who can no longer afford a single bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a full node!
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:50:26


You do realize that blockchains are a *chain* and if a SW miner doesn't follow your BIP148 rules, they will mine a segwit block on top of a non-segwit block, right?
Your segwit-only chain stops after 1-4 blocks at most and would never have another block until UASF nodes abandoned their effort.
@_date: 2017-05-04 16:12:19
What wallet?  May need to rescan balances, restart the wallet, or something else.  The term you're looking for us rbf or replace by fee
@_date: 2017-06-21 07:57:53
Bitcoin needs fast hashed utxo syncing.  The technology is well proven in several variations among altcoin and would solve the problem for 99% of users.  Apparently though this isn't a priority.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:56:38


This is a lie.  Ready for does not mean "support".  Only 51% there "support" segwit.  That is not a safe level of support for activation, using Core's own targets.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:47:23


Yet Ethereum soldiers on, is worth nearly 85% of what Bitcoin is, and processed more transactions than Bitcoin last week.
Funny thing that.
If someone wants to sync Ethereum from genesis to validate the entire chain, they can still do that.  Almost no one does that because almost no one needs that.  Your logic would have the odd paranoid desire of an extreme minority of users hold back the entire ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-06-08 21:12:32
The absolute worst of them were less than 10 percent off.  Many of the elections themselves landed within the margin of error, +/- 3% or +/- 5%.  Polls not being perfectly accurate does not thus mean they are useless.
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:33:50


Slush has mined segwit signaling blocks for a long time.
This is the first BIP148 signaling block.  In correcting his inaccuracy, you're misleading what is actually happening yourself.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:51:29
Segwit didn't get consensus to activate.  Segwit2x has consensus for activation, but compromises to also give a 2mb hardfork 3 months after.
He's a troll that is trying to get everyone to take advantage of the segwit2x activation and then block the hardfork.  Its going to get very messy if he convinces people, because the miners will do their hardfork anyway and will not turn back.  The community will split and the price for everyone will tank horribly.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:27:19
**User**ActivatedSoftFork gets **miner**'s support?^^^maybe
To the top!
Wait, I thought the point of UASF was not to need nor care about miners??? ..confused?..
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:21:02


Oh god, I just clicked it.  Thank you so much for that.  4%, yeah, that's right in line with what I'd expect.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:23:56
FYI, Manticlops is overstating the problem; The vast majority of the bandwidth problem will be alleviated when Bitcoin &amp; wallets finally get a fast-sync option by default.  Somehow, according to gmaxwell and other core developers, this hasn't been a priority. This is despite him claiming just a few weeks ago that sync time and bandwidth issues were a bigger user complaint than transaction fees. Something doesn't add up about that story.
@_date: 2017-06-10 01:17:02


Totally Bruh!


Oh I won't have to, the UASF chain will take care of that for me. :D
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:58:45


(Hint: The answer is no.  But in shillworld it is definitely a yes!)
@_date: 2017-06-06 20:49:37
Unlikely, the current hashrate on slush is only enough for BIP148 to get one block every 4 days; The first difficulty change would be 22 years away.
@_date: 2017-06-23 17:58:54
The miners actually do think this way.  is correct in theory, but in practice you are correct.  More miners have been signaling for, requesting, demanding, and attempting to develop solutions for bigger-block approaches than users for over a year now, and now are united behind segwit2x.
Will there be a time in the future where is correct in reality in addition to theory?  Maybe, and if it happened something would need to be done about it.
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:21:31
Oh believe me, I'm fully on your side.  I don't know the details of every individual persons history, but I've pieced together what's happened and why core seems so opposed to bigger blocks, or at least why I think they are.
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:42:32


This is the Bitcoin is Gold argument.  Bitcoin is not gold.  Gold has a 4000 year history backing it; Bitcoin has 8.5.
The investors invest in Bitcoin because they think it will be worth more in the future.  They think that because they think more people will use it.
If those people instead materialize on another coin, that coin will dominate and Bitcoin will go in the trash bin.


These investors don't give a fuck about node operational costs.  They don't care who runs the nodes, they care what the coins are worth.  They want bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:38:25


That's not possible because the risks of Lightning fundamentally require that they stay online for receiving payment, for transaction relaying, and that they set locktime variables appropriate for the potential amounts of time they could be offline, all things a wallet cannot do for them.


There are attacks that don't make this possible, specifically ones where the funds are protected by a locktime commitment rather than a revoked commitment.  That limits the options that attackers have.
All this really comes back down to on-chain fees.  Lightning needs fees to stay sane; Lightning must have bigger blocks.


See [here]( and [here](  There must be something that forces the funds to go backwards in the channel, and that must be in place at every major junction in the network.  Businesses tend to accumulate many smaller transactions into bigger ones to pay vendors or even payroll services.  These bigger transactions will struggle to find a route on Lightning, and break the loops that are needed.  With no way for the funds to cycle back to the consumers within lightning, it causes numerous channels to have to be refilled along the way.
Moreover, as in the first link, if a user hops on lightning and doesn't pay a hub a fee to pre-fill the other side of the channel (capital cost for the hub), then they can't get paid on lightning - there's no money to flow to them.  If they don't use a hub, no one else is going to pay a tx fee AND lock up funds in a channel with someone new who isn't able to provide routes for payments.  They've already got all the routes and the new user is bringing almost nothing to the table to offset the cost.  That problem combines with the nontechnical user problems to encourage payment hubs; Payment hubs drastically exacerbate the money-loop-break problem.


Getting their paychecks on lightning requires medium size transactions on lightning.  That may be sometimes possible, but only when the user has spent all their previous paycheck, and also only when they put their whole paycheck on lightning up front before anything.  If the business attempts to use a payroll service, as most every business does (think ADP) then there's a break in this because ADP only gets paid in very large amounts at once by the businesses; Only after full payment do they split up the large amounts into small payments to the employees.  Any break in the loop will cause many many problems.


They're not the only problem, but that's another problem, thanks for bringing that up. :)


The capital costs on the other side don't become cheaper though.  Neither do watcher services that protect against default, and neither does the risk of a flood attack, or the operational costs for a hub that needs 100% uptime.  So fees can't decline, on average, too much over channel lifespans.


Still has the single-directional funds problem.  What are the prepaid services going to pay you for?  That said, you are right.  I'm not trying to say Lightning is useless, and I don't think that.  Lightning may be effective for exchanges, for mining pools, and for gambling companies, and probably some other esoteric usecases that are high-volume but rarely heard of.  I think Lightning could offload as much as 50% of the network's traffic, which is still huge!  But it isn't enough to be Bitcoin's savior.




I'm glad you're rational!  But the problem that I'm trying to deal with is that so many people here DO view it as a magic bullet and the one true savior of Bitcoin scaling without the blocksize devil stealing their souls.


Wait wait wait WHAT?
Bitcoin fees and transactions are currently fuxxed, Bitcoin dominance has dropped from 90% to 39% *****IN 5 MONTHS***** and you want to *****WAIT AND SEE***** if it happens to solve shit?
NO DUDE.  If it solves all the problems then GREAT, and maybe we could even softfork to smaller blocks again.  But we can't bet the entire future on it maybe or maybe not solving the problems!!  We deal with the immediate problems first and encourage and hope that Lightning can deal with part of the problem.  If it does, great, then we can look at a softfork, or at minimum we won't need another hardfork or can delay one for much longer.  But if it doesn't solve the problem we still need a solution.  We don't go back to the drawing board when the house is on fire.


I disagree with this for several reasons.  The most important one is that a chainsplit is **going** to happen at this point.  It may or may not be successful, but it is going to be attempted.  If core and the people like yourself don't get behind the chainsplit it may make it more likely to fail, but 1) even if it did, that just kicks the can down the road; Lightning needs and benefits from bigger blocks, and 2x is **not** a huge increase, and 2) The bitcoin price is going to absolutely tank during that time.  Depending on the state of altcoins, Bitcoin may lose dominance for a time, maybe forever.  Segwit didn't get consensus, and cannot by itself.  Segwit2x is the compromise.
But even going beyond the chainsplit-can't-be-avoided problem, segwit-only does not give Lightning sufficient time to build a network effect and solve the problem.  Building lightning, integrating it,working out the bugs and protections from attack vectors, and training users will take years.  Building the necessary user base within lighting will also take years.  Building the third party hubs software and systems will take a year or more and has to happen before nontechnical users will make the leap.  Segwit-only give us only about 10 months until its blocks get full again and fees start to rise.  Not only is resisting the blocksize increase going to worsen the chainsplit dramatically, it won't even give Lightning a chance to do what you've said.  Segwit2x should last us through the end of 2019; That **might** be enough time for Lightning to actually start to change the dynamic, if indeed it can do so.
*Personally*, my preferred option would be to activate segwit now, and then activate the hardfork within 30 days of the next time that on-chain *transaction fees rise above $2 for a day's average*.  But we don't have that option, in part due to the massive amounts of pent-up anger on both sides.  Our only option is to make the coming chainsplit be really shitty for everyone, or to make the coming chainsplit be only slightly shitty.  Your "wait and see" approach directs people to the former.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:41:31
What is blocking trustless SPV?  Are there theories on how to make it happen?  Or does it need a hardfork with additional data in the header?
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:55:47
I like your example and as a hypothetical, it is great.  I'm not objecting to the theory of Lightning, I'm objecting to the real threats that I see happening and the challenges that will prevent adoption of Lightning, maybe to the point of killing Lightning.
Fundamentally though, how many people do you know that spend money 10 times at the same store in one month?  I spend maybe 2-3 times a month for stores I frequent, with the exception of Amazon (which is unique and not a very good example).  Most people I know do the same.  I might spend money a total of 15-30 times in one month, but across 12-20 different entities.  That drastically changes the math.  Also both the stores and the exchanges were a single hop away from their users, and were perfectly balanced across each hub; Most likely the hubs also would need several reopen/close transactions to adjust for the imbalance of money movement. Yes, the example was a hypothetical, but it was a hypothetical that showed the math working out just like we want to to.  The math isn't so rosy when it starts to get closer to real usage patterns, and that's my entire point.


How many countries tried to be Rome, though?  And how many Romes did we have?
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:50:51
The wiki page on proposal support from core devs shows 0 core devs supporting segwit2mb or coop.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:19:17


Patience doesn't take long.  Segwit-only blocks will be full again by Q1 2018 based on historical tx/s growth trends.
Lightning won't be ready in time for widespread use, if it even can provide that.  Neither will Schnorr signatures.  Neither will sidechains, drivechains, or any other "future" solutions.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:54:50


Think about what it would take for 500+mb blocks to actually happen.  Think about it - in order to actually have that much demand for Blockchain space (willing to pay a basic nontrivial fee, like $0.20-$1.00), Bitcoin would have to have taken over the global financial world.  This won't happen until Bitcoin prices are approaching half a million dollars per coin. 
Does $5,000 a month sound ridiculous to run a Bitcoin node when Bitcoins are worth $2500?  You betcha!  But does it sound ridiculous to run a node for $5,000 a month when Bitcoins are worth $500,000 each?  No, not really.  That's 0.01BTC a month.  How much did it cost to run a node in January of this year?  0.01BTC per month.  No fucking joke, literally the same.  That's how the math works out when Bitcoin node operation is priced in BTC per month.
And we all win.


I don't actually disagree with this for certain cases - for the people for whom it is a natural fit.  But trying to shove every user of every type onto it because we refuse to allow them to fit onto the main chain?  That's crazy.  See Luke-jr's response:


He really believes this.  He has no idea what normal people's lives are like.  They absolutely will not do this.  If that's what it would take to use Bitcoin, they simply will not use Bitcoin.


But how far can we go before we actually begin having problems with our current, proven approach?  Because that's how far we should go with it.  As the pain of scaling increases, the pressure on solutions like lightning working will be increased.
Right now running a full node for a month costs only $6-ish.  That's nothing.  Less than the transaction fees people had to pay last week.  There's no reason it should be left at that point.  Let node operational costs stay around 0.01BTC per month and scale with price.  Or even 0.005BTC per month!  The point isn't the exact number, it is that trying to price node operational costs in dollars when every related trade-off (transaction fees, adoption/price growth, etc) must be priced in BTC doesn't make any sense.


The risks and startup costs will be substantial.  They can't go down.   They can't lose their data.  They must have the capital to match the channel funding.  They must advertise and get users to cover these costs.  They have to make enough profit to offset the potential risk of an attack.  These aren't, like, bitcoin exchange-level startup costs, but they also aren't "guy in his parents basement" level startup costs either.




I meant default attacks, not DDOS attacks.  But to get users to offset the costs of 100% uptime and capital costs, they have to advertise and be discoverable by users.  That means websites.  Those can be DDOSed and potentially traced.  Not every one of them mind you, but it is still a cost Hubs have to consider.


Agreed, but we need to scale now; Lightning is not ready and may fail to live up to the expectations being placed on it.


Right, but my point is that even with that, FinCEN will probably come after them anyway.  Lightning being a runaway success would be a nightmare for them.  That doesn't mean they will *win,* but it does mean they will make peoples lives harder, just like they already do for every exchange.


My apologies then.  So you support segwit2x?
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:14:07
He asked for proof.  You responded with ad hominem.
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:58:56


Definitely not true, though I'm happy to be disproved if you have some data backing that.
I can't understand the meaning of your first sentence.
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:20:03


IMO that would actually be a good idea, because coinbase strings already get used and abused for everything under the sun.
But obviously, not without simultaneously blocking asicboost in all forms.  I'm pretty sure that could be done easily by just tying a few bits in the first and second 64 bytes of the block header together.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:23:46


In order to reach that level of transactions, Bitcoin adoption would have to be nearly global.  Like I said, I've done all the math for that.  That level of node operation isn't reached until Bitcoin adoption reaches a level supporting a $50-100k price per coin.
The total cost of operating such a node will actually go down as the costs scale up, when priced in terms of BTC per month.  A few months ago it cost 0.01btc per month to run a node; It can continue to cost that much as the price rises, and everyone wins (except those not in Bitcoin).
10mb blocks would at least get us through 2021.  By that point Lightning may be a known quantity, not a hypothetical.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:25:07
Bullshit.  It's called a compromise.  Somehow the community here has convinced themselves that compromise is unnecessary in the real world.  The real world is about to prove otherwise.
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:30:58


FYI, this can't happen without replay protection.  It is too dangerous for exchanges to list any fork that isn't the super-majority without replay protection; Users wouldn't be able to differentiate transactions between the two chains without excessive and difficult manual effort, and neither could the exchange.
@_date: 2017-06-04 22:45:57


That's the spirit!  Go get em champ!
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:04:50


What is the point of having Bitcoin node operation cost a coffee, but having Bitcoin transaction fees cost a month's rent?


The only way this is somewhat true is with regards to sybil attacks and DDOS's against nodes.
Blocksize increases the cost of sybil attacks, and [increased adoption increases the number of nodes](
Bitcoin's security is dependent on hashrate, and hashrate is dependent on price first and transaction fees second.  How do you think blocksize affects security?
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:06:21


Dunno where you got that statistic.  But wherever it is from, [only 34% of blocks signal for segwit](
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:18:16
14 days (2016 blocks)
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:37:16


The question that got me thinking about it hard was "How far **can** we scale?"
I started working the math out.  The answer was, once we deal with the sync problem(absolutely must go away for non-paranoid users), we can scale quite far before home broadband users begin suffering.
And once you look at the problem in terms of how many BTC per month does it cost to operate a node, the problem vanishes entirely.  Increased demand for transaction space == increased adoption.  Increased adoption == increased bitcoin price.  The data backs this both in terms of transactions( ^ transactions &lt;-&gt; ^ price) and nodes (^ price -&gt; ^ nodes).
@_date: 2017-06-24 06:40:31
And Gavin Andresen.  And Mike Belshe.  And Peter Smith.  And Stephen Pair.  Among numerous other developers.  Between Gavin and Jeff there are more contributions to Bitcoin than the entire current core team has done.  Plus I counted like 30 people contributing to the project publicly.
But sure we'll go with your version of reality.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:30:32


Worth pissing off everyone that isn't on your side and driving a significant portion of them over to altcoins?
Great plan brah sign me up
@_date: 2017-06-05 06:53:59
Right.  Burn it all to the ground!  Trump said it was ok!
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:52:09


Dude we don't [even know what order of magnitude]( Lightning can possible accomplish, much less even the first decimal point.  And Lightning currently has a hard-coded limit of 0.04 BTC per transaction, so less than 10% of blockchain transactions COULD even use it.
Lightning is extremely unlikely [to ever hit 100+x scaling factor.](  It wouldn't be safe for it to do so.  Its channel opens/closes also must compete with many, [many]( other things for inclusions.
There's no reason to block a blocksize increase based on Lightning; Lightning itself needs a blocksize increase, in ADDITION to not being ready.
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:53:37
Fascinating, I had no idea that classic reached that level of support, and yet still failed.  Though to be honest I'm not really surprised, as I knew one of the guys trying to lead Classic and, well, yeah.
I did confirm that Antpool, Bitfury and KNCMiner definitely supported it at one time, and some references indicating BW.com supported it as well.  So the graph might be legit.  However within a short period of time there was also a lot of waffling support from some of those.
F2Pool did signal it, but there seems to be some confusion about whether they "supported" it:
Either way, that's really high for consensus compared to the 32%-40%-10%(UASF nodes) crapshoot we have now, lol.
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:53:39
For long term investment **never** keep your Bitcoins on an exchange or any other place where you don't physically control the keys.  Many many people have been screwed that way.
Further, if you have more than just a few, and you want to make sure those coins are available to your loved ones if something happens to you, you will need an unencrypted paper backup that is stored in a secure place such as a safety deposit box, and your attorney will need to have knowledge of your intents for them after death and information about accessing them (can only get access to the safety deposit box with a court-signed death certificate).  If you're extra paranoid and/or have a lot of coins, these paper backups can be fragmented.
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:15:19


Neither is the bit1 signaling that was discussed on the github thread, but if cooperation can be built and the deep wounds in the community can begin to heal, we can get that plus asicboost blocking.  Don't burn the olive branch.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:52:41


There will be no chain to attack.  UASF has no miners to continue producing blocks once they reject the main chain.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:40:13
If they can afford even a single transaction right this moment, they could afford to store 5 times that much when the price is $65,000.
What are you going to say to the people in the not-too-distant future who can't afford even a single bitcoin transaction, but can still afford to run a full node?  "You're welcome?"  Or maybe "Would you like fries with that, Ethereum user?"
@_date: 2017-06-23 01:24:24


Bitcoin has many values.  You should have the right to use Bitcoin for the things you value in it.  But you shouldn't tell others that the things they value in Bitcoin are not valid values.  Bitcoin should be what every person wants it to be as much as it possibly can.


The hardfork has been tested for over 1.5 years and is being developed by several of the most experienced developers in Bitcoin's history, on schedule and with many developers coming out of the woodwork to provide assistance, testing, and support.


Segwit did not get the minimum consensus support for activation, not by any metric including the poll of 1100 users done by a cyptocoin news organization.  That's what got us to segwit2x, like it or not.
There will be a chainsplit for segwit2x, it cannot be avoided at this point.  That is the path we are on, again regardless of whether anyone likes it or not.  Cores resistance to segwit2x and your own are going to take the chainsplit from "might be rough for a few days" territory into "going to really suck for everyone, crash the price of bitcoin, and hand market dominance over to the altcoins" territory.


It is necessary within roughly 10 months at our previous growth rates, not even enough time for Lightning to really get going.  Given that transaction fees now cost nearly everyone more than running nodes and a competitor almost overtook Bitcoin already, the unsafe thing is to NOT increase the blocksize and make the unavoidable chainsplit MORE contentious.


Core gave up that option when they refused to compromise for 2+ years, pushed out and silenced everyone that disagreed with them, and screwed over Bitcoin's dominance in the real world.  In an ideal world you are right, but we do not live in that world and have not for some time.  We live in a world of compromise or be obliterated by a competitor.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:39:09


Wouldn't be very covert if just one miner forgoes segwit tx fees reliably...
But still, a good point.  Hopefully his offer to support blocking asicboost as part of the compromise has some follow-through.
@_date: 2017-06-23 23:27:34






Aahaha, wow, I did not realize that it was so clearly written.  That really puts a lie to every time that a core developer has attempted to claim that they fulfilled the agreement.  Hahaha
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:32:41


That was a lot more true until the last few months.  Ethereum reaching 85% has changed the game entirely.  No, it isn't as stable as Bitcoin is yet, but reaching a net worth in less than 4 years that Bitcoin itself only reached in the last 5 months is a tremendous move.


This won't be true if the altcoin beats Bitcoin on all the key features.  You keep making Bitcoin worth more in your head just because it is Bitcoin.  Bitcoin isn't magical, and it isn't gold.  If we fuck it up it can and will lose.
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:05:16


He really shouldn't have done that.  It helped nothing, neither chainsplit will come to pass, and it did galvanize rbtc's anti-segwit sentiment again even though segwit2x is moving everyone forward together.
From what I've heard, Jihan is young and a bit hotheaded, which matches his twitter activity.


I doubt it.  When they planned that meeting, UASF didn't even have a single pool it could mine to, and I'm not sure the binaries were ready yet.  It takes weeks to plan and execute a meeting like the segwit2x one, at minimum.
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:43:46


Everything UASFers complain about Jihan / BU / anyone who doesn't agree with you does is a "consensus mechanism."
Trying to pretend like when other people do X they are evil bastards, but when you do X it is good and right *is* disingenuous.
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:30:17


Well duh, you can't measure economic majority support so you can't prove that it shouldn't be attempted!
Picking unmeasurable statistics with vague terms is fun.
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:01:35
I can't wait to see how immaterial miners are when the UASF chainsplit has no blocks and gets abandoned within 1 week at most.  Popcorn will be needed.
@_date: 2017-06-16 17:23:22


As I stated, almost no one needs to sync from genesis.  That is true of *any* blockchain.
There are multiple proven methods for highly secure fast syncing.  UTXO set hashing is one, history checkpoints are another.  A known-good utxo set hash could simply be hard-coded in the code and disabled with an optional parameter.
The very few people who actually want to sync from Genesis should be able to do so, and should pay for it.  They should **not** make everyone else pay for their paranoia.
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:29:34
FYI, all good news and totally agree with what you're saying, but it still may not happen by August 1st.  Which is fine - delays are normal in software projects, but the good news is that we will get there, and soon.
@_date: 2017-06-04 22:21:53




And this is why you will fail.
@_date: 2017-06-03 00:13:43


You mean the guy who also mines BU blocks?
He lets people vote and mines according to the votes.  He's not on board and not going to force the rest of the miners on his pool to mine BIP148.
@_date: 2017-06-24 02:28:18
The agreement states literally:


[From the original agreement.](
The bulletpoint above that describes specifically that the hardfork will have an increase to the base block size of 2mb.
It was signed by Luke-jr, Peter Todd, Matt Corallo, Johnson Lau, James Hilliard and one other core developer who has left(Cory Fields).  It was also signed by Adam Back and Samson Mow.  Of all of those people, 2 explicitly oppose segwit2x and the only person who I could not find an implication of opposing the hardfork part of segwit2x was Johnson Lau and the guy who left.  This is despite the segwit2x agreement being very similar to the signed HK agreement.  Of the major core devs, at least luke-jr and gmaxwell has explicitly stated that they "fulfilled" the HK agreement.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:20:41


Oh no!  420 GB per year is like $15 per year.  What ever will we do with our $65,000 usd per BTC coins?!?!?
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:57:37


No one said they had to run the node at their house.
And even if that were the case, there's no point in restricting the world's first global cryptographic currency to less than 0.1% of the world's population just so a few guys in the outback can feel warm and fuzzy about their anti-government coin.  That coin would be dominated by the mega corporations anyway, and be unusable by the Australian Joes.
Or, more likely, Ethereum just grows and completely dominates Bitcoin and throws it in the trash can, all because we didn't want Mr. Joe Australia to have to an SPV client.
@_date: 2017-06-03 00:12:26


Yay, you get it!  :)  If UASF gets 51% of the miners they would win.  Hell, if they got 20% of miners they might have a chance because they could hold out on a functional fork and put pressure on everyone to utilize their viable fork.
But if they can't even get 5% of the hashrate, they won't reach the first difficulty change and won't have a viable fork to use.
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:03:47


The problem with this idea is that it is simply not cost effective or practical to make miners like this.  Even when the miners are designed and made with the optimal cost-effective choices (~1200w power draw, compact case with minimal metal, push-pull fan configuration, external PSU, rPI type controller), many miners created will still never reach ROI.
USB miners are much worse for this because they aren't very cost effective; Everyone who ever buys one would have been better off (individually) simply buying BTC or nothing at all.
@_date: 2017-06-23 17:47:14
I feel like it was made possible by average transaction fees rising above the cost of running a node for a month and Ethereum nearly overtaking Bitcoin in 6 independent metrics (Nodes, transactions per day, trading volume, mining rewards, Google trends, market cap).
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:14:42


Or you could just support it instead of splitting Bitcoin, because the hardfork is going to happen.
Even if it somehow gets blocked, segwit-only blocks will be full again in less than 10 months, and then the tides will really turn, AFTER having screwed over the community by making the previous attempt contentious.
@_date: 2017-06-06 05:26:13


80% per year for the two years prior to blocks becoming full.  65% per year for the past 5.  Accelerating slightly as Bitcoin gains a larger network effect.  Confirmed by both yearly numbers and by comparing each year with the same month a year prior.  (this is transaction/day growth, which is actually the metric we care more about)


8-18% per year, depending on location, and slowing down as fiber technology improvements cap out.
The concept sounds great, but the data is harsh.


Segwit2x blocks will be full before the end of December, 2019.  That's great and don't get me wrong, I really hope we get it.  But that's not a very long time.  We're already halfway through 2017 now.
The picture isn't very pretty. :(
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:16:42


Kind of, they have a stake in Bitpay, which isn't an exchange per-say, but does do exchanging.  I don't know of any other business ties to exchanges.
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:06:22


Why would we consider a concept so far out into the unknown?  [We have data on the worldwide non-cash transaction volume](  Right now across all noncash mediums, there's only 426 billion transactions a year, so one transaction per person every 64 days.  Its rising, sure, so that will change the final outcome, but it is rising much slower than any crypto-currency, and more importantly, bandwidth and hard drive prices fall by about 14% per year.
So when you compare 426b txns / (365 days a year) x (86400 seconds per day) = 13,508 transactions per second = 3.3 megabytes per second.  High, sure, but unreachable after 10 years?  Probably not.
And regardless, my core point is not that Bitcoin can fit everything.  My point is it can fit a fucking lot, and it makes no sense for everyone to think of node operational costs in terms of dollars per month when the tradeoffs - bitcoin transaction fees and adoption/price growth - Are priced in BTC terms.  If we do that, we're guaranteeing that as Bitcoin grows, node operational costs will be laughably trivial and transaction fees will be extremely painfully high.  People will be able to run a full node for many years for less than the cost of even a single bitcoin transaction, but they won't run a node, because they won't send any BTC transactions.
@_date: 2017-06-10 20:18:36
Your claims are factually wrong.  29% surveyed do not support segwit.  Maybe you should actually investigate the real data before you regurgitate stuff.
@_date: 2017-06-08 01:21:47


29% of polled users do not support segwit.  Would it be worth it to activate Segwit and fork 29% of the network off, or more?  Probably not worth it, the price would tank drastically for both forks versus what a single combined group could achieve.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:50:19
I can only pray that you are right and it continues.  For better or worse, most of my future is completely and totally tied to Bitcoin and wherever it goes.
@_date: 2017-06-18 04:07:16




Easy.  See [this guy's logic here](  He starts out stating that a blocksize increase isn't / likely never be needed, and then goes on to describe "100,000 TPS" on Lightning.  So Lightning is handling ~30,000x the number of transactions that Bitcoin can handle (in this guy's imaginary future), and therefore also more than 10,000x the number of users that Bitcoin can safely handle.  In such a situation, a patient attacker could easily open 8 million channels and set them up to all close nearly simultaneously, but close them all with the most valuable revoked state the channel was ever in, stealing all the funds that were supposedly settled.  The results of such an attack would be disastrous for everyone, but worse for the victims, many of whom could not fit the proper "revoked transaction" onto the blockchain to prevent the theft in time.


R is the secret value picked by the final receiver in a chain of tx hashedlocktime disclosures.  Basically, R is how people prove that the value has been transferred along its intended path from the sender to the recipient, even when the people along that path don't know either the sender or recipient.


Yes, but there's more to watch to it than just that.  Supposedly Rusty said in that thread that they've already handled that, but any unproven sufficiently complex system will need years before we can be confident that it is hardened against attack vectors.


FYI, Lightning initially caps out at 0.04 BTC per tx.  :/


There are two distinct types of transactions that the watcher has to watch for - Revoked transactions, which will be found in a revoked transaction dataset (which provide a reward/penalty if they are violated), and lockedhashtime transactions, which are basically conditional transactions saying "I'm intending to send money to xxx, and the proof of that transaction being complete will be the inclusion of the secret value R that only the final recipient initially knows."  Those provide no bonus reward, they simply "lock" the funds up for the specified amount of time (1000 blocks is the example in the lightning documentation).  If the recipient can produce R within that amount of time, they get the funds.  If not done, the funds revert back to the sender.
So the watcher needs to be updated with what to watch for every time the node is involved in a transaction, for the second part.  Also, what if the watcher and A colludes?  What if B is offline and the watcher fails to do its job?  What if the watcher screws up and accidentally broadcasts a revoked transaction and B loses his entire channel funds because of it(Not sure if this can happen)?  What if the watcher screws up and broadcasts the "unilateral channel close" transaction at the wrong time, causing the channel to close and everyone has to pay an additional transaction fee(which could happen!)?
There's lots of potential cases.  Not all may be realistic, but some of them are.


I'm really glad, actually :)


True, that actually would be much worse.
@_date: 2017-06-14 06:25:35
Source for users in favor statistic?  Running a node != in favor of if that's where you made that up from.
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:28:39


They don't.  All they have are upvotes, and [not even the majority of those](
The actual data available makes UASF look pretty weak.  Besides only having 10% of the full public nodes, they only have [3.7 percent of the miners and 3.2% of the hashrate on the only pool that allows UASF voting]( which works out to 0.16% of the global hashrate.  There's [two]( other pools that support UASF that I know of, but when combined [they]( still don't reach even 1 PH/s.  So all total, UASF has about enough hashrate, about enough for UASF to get one block added every week and reach its first difficulty change in 2-3 decades.  Worse, neither the hashrate nor the nodecounts have been rising over the last two days or so.
I don't know of any other data available that shows any indication of UASF support or lack thereof.  I'd be happy to be corrected if anyone has any.
@_date: 2017-06-02 06:46:43
I think only Armory 0.96 supports RBF?  Otherwise I'd love an answer to this too
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:54:38


Sorry, and I mean no offense here, but this is a fallacy that has been spread wide and far by people with no understanding of how the mining industry really works.
No modern mining device is affected by blocksize.  They all use stratum and process block headers only; poolservers run nodes and process transactions and blocks.
The most expensive, best hardware, top-bandwidth full node that any miner could possibly use costs less than $100,000 dollars to buy and operate for a year; and bandwidth itself is not even 15% of that hypothetical perfect node.  On the other side, the smallest viable bitcoin mine that would feasibly want to solo mine instead of pool mine is 1%, and in practice almost no miner considers solo mining until they have almost 5%.  A mine at 1% costs over $10,000,000 dollars to buy and operate for a year.  The smallest feasible miner in your hypothetical spends two orders of magnitude more money on the mine than they could possibly spend on a perfect full node if they wanted to.  The scales between these two things are so far off that it blows my mind that people still believe this, and they do not converge as price/volume increases; mining farms get bigger as nodes get bigger.
If you want I'd be happy to explain why this is and use numbers from my 3 years I the mining industry, but I am certain that node operational costs will never be more than a small line item in any serious miners budget.  Blocksizes don't affect miners as the stratum protocol only sends the headers.  That isn't to say they don't have an effect on node operators; I'm on taking about miner centralization.
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:10:53


Rofl.  If you limit Bitcoin to just the wealthiest 0.1% of the world because you refuse to let it scale, you've created corp-coin not me.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:24:37
40% signaling still, but they are nearly all supporters of segwit2mb and so no reason to continue trying to push the BU narrative.
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:56:32


I assume you "meant" to type "meant."  I know this is hard for conspiracy theorists on the internet to relate to, since they have so little exposure to the real world, but it is actually very common for agreements to be unclear and for all parties to not fully understand the specifics.  If that weren't common, the world wouldn't need lawyers.


It makes sense to me, though a reasonable person could disagree - They put some money and time into ASICBOOST, and they'd rather not lose that investment if avoidable.  That said, they recently said they would be on board with blocking ASICBOOST to bring the community, which flies in the face of your conspiracy theory.


They couldn't use Bit1 for signaling, it already means something else.  There's already a lot of debate on whether to use bit4 alone or bit4+1, so your logic there is either misinformed or confused.
Thanks for providing no sources or data to back your assertion, though.
@_date: 2017-06-17 21:17:08
If he has permission and an active request from his clients to pursue this, it would almost certainly be legal.
Coinbase clearly has some uneducated people making the calls on this.
@_date: 2017-06-14 06:28:14


You should also remember to check the adoption and volume of the altcoins competing with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-21 22:01:23


Maybe, and this is a legitimate fear.  I too would be opposed to blocksize increases where the purpose (or outcome regardless of purpose) was to enable very low-value use-cases such as data storage or on-chain gambling records.
But if the transaction fees rise back to a point where it is costing more on average for users to transact than it is costing for them to run a node, I think they should be.  Why have node validation cost less than the actual use of that validation?


What if they don't work, though?  I have serious doubts about Lightning's ability to ever accommodate non-technical average users; It has too many tradeoffs and risks for them, and as more of them begin using it, lightning hubs will become the dominant force in Lightning, and they won't be free, so lightning fees will rise.  Moreover, what if lightning's fees, due to the percentage of attackers who default on commitments peg the minimum lightning fee to some percentage of the minimum Bitcoin fee?  In that situation it still benefits everyone to increase blocksizes and lower Bitcoin fees, thereby lowering lightning fees.
Thanks for the rational discussion though, appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-06-05 17:12:19


No, the only way that UASFsegwit or segwit2mb will affect mining fees\* either way is if a certain portion of the miners are on the chain that does not win, and then only for those miners.  That makes it critical for miners to choose the winning chain, the game is winner-takes-all.  Since segwit2mb has signers that add up to 84% of the total network hashrate, it makes it almost certain that their chain will be the winning one and the rest of the miners will switch over immediately; The non-segwit2mb chain will probably die within a day.
\* Note, segwit (and any blocksize increase) may have a slight effect on transaction fees, but it is not clear at all yet which direction that would move.  It is conceivable that larger blocks will wind up with more total fees once they get full again.  It is also possible that total fees will be lower with larger blocksizes; No one knows what would happen.  It is almost a given that blocks in the future will be full; Blocksizes can't be increased to accommodate all desired transactions.  During the brief period between segwit-&gt;active and blocks-&gt;full_again total fees will be lower.
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:54:35


I'd be rather shocked if someone was paying $0.01.  Even $0.02 is pretty unrealistic, though it can happen.  The cost to operate a hydroelectric dam (from what I have seen, yes I have seen these things somehow) is $0.021 - $0.027 per kWH.
@_date: 2017-06-03 05:10:48


Who is they, and you are authorized to speak on behalf of they?
@_date: 2017-06-23 06:44:16


Yep.  I'm fighting for sanity with them too, every day.  Just gotta hope that the sane moderates win out. :)
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:12:32
And if you are wrong, you eat these words, yes?
@_date: 2017-06-21 22:05:32


Rofl shit man, if I could just get people to discuss things IN THOSE RELATIVE TERMS, I'd count that as a huge overwhelming victory.  Most of my comments to that effect get downvoted or told "I don't want your datacenter gov-coin, you know where the door is, bye thanks!" and then ignored.
I personally don't even mind that much where that dividing line is set, so long as people understand that there is a dividing line between the two and either choice has negative (and positive) tradeoffs for **all** users.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:35:07


The question is not will a bigger blocksize solve the problems.  Obviously it won't.  The question is, how big can the blocksizes safely be?  Do the math, the answer will surprise you.
Besides, it is critical that the people who can no longer afford a single transaction can still afford to run a node.
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:16:43
Lombrozo is an ethereum co founder?  I had no idea
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:14:08




Agreed then
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:04:45


I'm betting it will be a very active place with tons of people!
And a maximum of two blocks.  If they're lucky they'll get a third within a week.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:24:59


How about the circumstance where it has no blocks because it has no miners, and it has no exchanges because it has no replay protection and it cannot be used by normal users?
I guess you'd be happy to stay on that chain then, eh?
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:07:55


That was because the whales believed BU was going to fail.  It would seem they were correct.


Source?  Any evidence to back this opinion?
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:46:17
Yeah, like 10 minutes, 1 megabyte, two weeks, four years... He definitely had a habit of picking very precise and non-round numbers.
@_date: 2017-06-03 21:46:00
THANK YOU!
You and I clearly disagree on the solution and have different opinions on what to do about all this, but...




You get it!  Or at least close.  The problem fundamentally is that Segwit doesn't have the required super majority.  For whatever reasons, it just doesn't.  UASF won't magically change that and convince miners or of anything.
IMO, We can either try to convince the poison pill group that segwit isn't so bad (there are some folks in that support segwit that are trying this) so it can move forward, or we can compromise with segwit2mb.  But forcing segwit isn't going to work unless we want to fork [with 71%]( which few people think is a good idea.
@_date: 2017-06-16 20:25:26


It does not.  If it did, we wouldn't be in this position.


I can't truly justify these, so if you dispute them I'm not going to argue back because I don't agree with it.  It seems that most of the opposition comes down to 5 things:
1. Many people are opposed to the witness discount.  This is especially true because it applies to only segwit transactions, but even if applied to all transactions they disagree with it and feel that all data should be treated equal.  Fee neutrality, they call it.  A substantial portion of this stems from confusion about what the witness discount is and does.
2. The opposition to segwit being treated as a scaling solution is nearly unanimous.  They see segwit as a tactic created solely for the purpose of avoiding the potential precedent of a successful blocksize increase.  They aren't necessarily totally wrong, but they ignore the blocksize increase that comes with segwit itself (in part because of the confusion about what segwit is and does)
3. They see segwit as a major power play by the core developer team.  I also do not think this is wrong, though I disagree about the importance of such power plays.  I do believe that the core developer team has a heavy bent towards smaller blocks and scaling limits that is not as prevalent in the wider community, largely because many of them were extreme early adopters, and because over the years they pushed out several longtime core developers who favored bigblocks(By ignoring them, attacking them, attempting to disrupt and derail their every proposal, etc.  Not necessarily intentionally).  For evidence of what I am saying, look at the discrepancy between core support of segwit2x and the communities support of segwit2x.  Look at the number of years most of the core devs have been bitcoiners, and finally look at the history of the controversies that luke-jr, a hardcore small-blocker, in particular has created, and the number of BIPs and arguments he spawned in the past.
4. They see core's goals as being malignant for Bitcoin or even actively malicious.  In particular the distrust of Blockstream, who is seen as needing segwit in order to sell their sidechains product and build patent value, and they are very unhappy that a large number of the oldest core dev leaders are employed by one single company.  Personally I think this entire view is ridiculous, but whatever.
5. They're very angry at how core and community forum have treated them, competing proposals, the big blockers in general, and specifically Andrsen and hear.n  Based on the history that I've read I can't say they're wrong to feel angry, but I don't think it helps anything for people to hold grudges.
Despite my disagreement and agreement with various parts of that, I think segwit is a clear and obvious choice that should have been taken months ago.  +2mb while we're at it sounds great.


All of the BU and anti-segwit miners have explicitly, repeatedly, and consistently demanded larger blocks and rejected segwit alone as a scaling solution.  All of them have voluntarily raised the soft limit over years without any fuss until it reached the 1mb cap.  There's a ton of people here who repeatedly claim that their actual intentions were the opposite - to restrict blocksizes and drive fees up - but there's no evidence to actually support that theory.  It could easily be proven right if segwit2x is all ready to go on time, and fully in line with what Bitmain and the hong kong agreement specified, and then Bitmain backs out at the last moment.  If that happens I'll eat my words, but there's nothing to indicate it will.
As far as ASICBOOST, I tried and failed to find any statistical evidence of it being used.  Disproving the theory that it is being used is impossible, so that theory can't go away.  Bitmain now openly supports blocking asicboost as a part of the hard fork as an attempt to appease the communities' distrust.
Exchange rate shorting is potentially a serious problem.  I have doubts about that myself, but proving it would be very hard.  That's why the SEC was created, as much as they are hated here.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:42:34
You mean in 27 years when the first difficulty change is finally reached?
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:18:01
Right now only slush's pool is setting up to reliably follow UASF, and only based on the user voting percentages which you can see here:
My number is a bit of an understatement because the BIP148 voting has only been up for a day and is still rising, but it is rising slowly.  9 hours ago it was 3.33%, and now it is 3.61% (of users).  Slush's pool is roughly 5% of the hashrate (edit: Actually 3.8% over the last 4 days:  so that's 3.8% times 3.13% or 0.189% (at this instant, is still rising slowly)
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:05:47
Transactions per second growth correlates very strongly with price increases.  I can attest from personal experience that the profitability of bitcoin miners, and manufacturers, at any scale, are critically dependent upon price.  Many miners that are bought or even many chips produced have no hope of ever reaching ROI without a price increase (primarily driven by faulty math and inexperience, and excessive unpredictable competition).
So there are definitely reasons that counter balance miners desire for high fees.  We'll see if what you predict what happens with segwit2mb; right now several members of core, particularly UASFers that don't want to lose face from a failed chainsplit, are trying very hard to torpedo or co-opt the segwit2mb compromise.  I think that's more likely to stall it then the miners who haven't done anything to stall it unlike core. :/
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:10:16


As opposed to inserting uselessness?  Yeah.  Those who want trustless can pay for it without making everyone else suffer for them.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:56:33


Some of them do.  Abandoning any significant portion of the community should be an absolute last resort and will have drastic impacts on the price when they inevitably fork.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:53:39


Jihan is more a part of the Bitcoin community than you will ever be.  He has more to lose than 99.9% of the posters here today.
Just because half of the community hates him does not mean that he isn't a part of it.  Words don't make him go away.
Worse, [the problem is much much]( larger than Jihan.
@_date: 2017-06-16 07:31:42


Yes, because I understand how electricity works.  Their electricity is not even as cheap as the cheapest available in north america, there's just a lot more of it and the labor is a lot cheaper, and the chips and devices are manufactured within driving distance.
The chinese electricity subsidy will decrease when the chinese electrical grid expansion catches up to the remote dam construction.  Right now China produces a lot more electricity than they can use because the recently built dams are hundreds of miles from the cities.
The government probably has no idea that the electricity is being bought off-grid for the most part.  In fact some miners I know about were served with notices ABOUT their off-grid purchases, which are technically illegal.  Thing is, the dams need the money because the dams can't sell all their electricity to a grid that isn't caught up to the production yet.  So everyone will turn a blind eye for the time being, as they have been.


Bullshit, the chinese government LOVES Bitcoin.  They see it as a way to challenge the U.S. Dollar and build massive wealth for the chinese people.  They only cracked down when they found that too much money was evading their currency controls, and then only for long enough to get a handle on that.


No, they want that currency to 1. Overtake the dollar, and 2. Be in the hands of many Chinese people when it does so.  They don't really give a fuck what you do within their borders as long as you don't step on the wrong person's toes.  Do you even know anyone who has lived in China??


I think you haven't researched this very thoroughly.  If what you claim is true, China could already do a 51% attack.  Last time I checked 63% of the hashrate was coming out of China or chinese-controlled pools.
Strangely, several of those signal for Segwit, and many others refuse to signal with Bitmain.  Why do you think that might be?  It absolutely does not fit with your theory, that's for sure.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:56:11


I think that segwit2mb has a very real chance of succeeding.
Barring that, I think the community needs to come together again and realize that the other side has valid things to say, and that rational people could disagree.  There's a lot of the contingent that think segwit is a poison pill, but I think if they were approached respectfully they could be convinced that it isn't so bad, and it is a step towards getting them what they ultimately want.
But so long as everyone is so focused on flinging mud at the other side, here AND there, the divide only deepens.


Funny enough the miners being blamed are the ones who have wanted to change stuff for even longer than everyone else.  started when bitcoinxt followers were evicted from They're the ones who favor bigger blocks, yet the argument has been flipped so that they get blamed for not changing things.
@_date: 2017-06-16 22:48:43
P2pool also uses stratum and only processes block headers from the miner to the pool host.  Modern miners don't and can't support running a full node.  No miner that I have used in a very long time uses gbt for primary mining operation.
Also I don't even see p2pool on the hashrate charts anymore, so it isn't really relevant.
Pool operations are currently rent free for a number of pools, but wasn't always that way and needn't always be that way.  Pooling is a mining expense; miners pay for it and will continue to do so.  The pools who need to will simply start charging a small fee again, problem solved.  The fee required to fund multiple solid nodes will remain at 1% or less on average; electricity and infrastructure and raw miner costs, business overheads, and miner maintenance costs will always be controlling.  The pools simply have to compete to see who can get the most performance with fewest orphans for the lowest total fees.
@_date: 2017-06-24 09:16:29
Thanks to compromises!
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:33:54
After much intense suspicion, he finally confirmed it will disable asicboost as segwit currently does (no changes to that)
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:52:53




Thanks for the lesson sparky but $800,000 dollars a day is 15% of the network's mining production.  So 15% of the hashpower.  So...
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:08:52
They don't like the witness discount, which makes it cheaper to put garbage data on the blockchain (while potentially costing nodes more in bandwidth).  They don't like the general direction where segwit feels like a play to force Bitcoin to move to layer2 solutions simply because layer1 is not allowed to scale for reasons they do not find convincing.  They feel that there are simpler tx malleability fixes that could apply without being optional.  They also feel that segwit is an over complicated scaling solution that provides little "scaling" compared to its technical issues.
I'm sure there's more, that's just from memory.  I believe those arguments have some merit, though I still favor segwit over nothing, and favor segwit2x over that.  I think segwit as a cleaner hardfork that fixed malleability entirely and provided more clear scaling and a utxo bloat "discount" that couldn't be abused would have been much better and more acceptable to the whole community while still giving us segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-09 05:21:21


Lol, fat fucking chance.  Sorry, I'd love to see it personally, but there's no way.  2mb has a lot of opposition already.  2mb is only going to be able to get consensus if paired with segwit; No other way.
Consensus is a hard thing.  Core found out how hard it is with Segwit.  The same thing would face any group trying to make a blocksize increase.
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:19:49


I mean a human driven poll like this one (process is unclear): 
Or this one (big name people only): 
Obviously agree about the rest of the sybil-able polls being worthless.  Ah internets what won't you do...
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:01:50
Waaaah, data that I don't like!!!  It must be wrong!!
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:56:14


Actual growth trends put the price at a little less than 10x at that time.  1000x would be 2.7 million dollars per coin; That's double the value of all physical currency in circulation on the entire planet.


In my opinion, blocks should almost always be full.  Blocksizes need to be raised when the average fee paid rises substantially relative to the node operational costs, probably above 2 tx/month == node operational costs.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:57:48
FYI, less than 1% of antpool's blocks are empty, and nearly all of those were mined within 60 seconds of the previous block.  Not that that means they aren't using ASICBoost, but I found it interesting.
@_date: 2017-06-05 06:53:29


UASFcoins will not have a price.  They didn't bother to include replay protection in the code.  That means transactions can't be kept separate between the chains without substantial effort, not something that the average person or even trader could do.  The exchanges already said they will not list a coin without replay protection - they simply can't.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:35:04
After much intense suspicion, he finally confirmed it will disable asicboost as segwit currently does (no changes to that)
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:43:15


The system as a whole will be healthy.  Every early adopter can afford to, and will, run a bitcoin node for the rest of their life and it won't even be a drop in the bucket.  I will do so myself.
If we get to a point where the health of the network itself is in danger, we can deal with that threat, and we will- I'll be the first in line.  But as price goes up, adoption goes up; As price goes up, utility goes up;  As price goes up, the cost of operating a node per month priced in Bitcoin goes *down.*  If it costs 0.005 BTC per month to run a full node no matter what the price is, Bitcoin can scale to handle the entire globe's transactions.  And it'll still cost only 0.005 BTC per month.
Or we could let an altcoin do it, and it'll cost 0.1 BTC per month because no one uses it and it'll cost 0.005 AltCoins per month.  Market forces can't be ignored.
@_date: 2017-06-23 20:59:44


Definitely won't.  Only problem is, your node won't have a chain to follow anymore.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:23:26
It isn't easy to sybil a survey being run by real people manually, unless those people are careless.  This is one of the most accurate statistics we have aside from miner signaling, which has different biases than the average user.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:25:12


You'd only be giving less than 0.5% of the world anything.  The other 99.5% of the world couldn't transact at all under your model, assuming segwit = 2.0mb = 4000 transactions per block, and "a few" means four transactions a year.
But your imaginary model of Bitcoin being independent from governments is even worse than that.  Bitcoin self-selects for the 0.5% that could afford to pay the highest fees.  So now not only are you restricting Bitcoin to 0.5% of the world's population, you're restricting it to the wealthiest 0.5% of the world.  Congrats, you've designed megacorpcoin.


No one runs full nodes for something they can't use.  Moreover, SPV clients and light wallets are a thing, and are a great solution for anyone who doesn't need the security provided by running a $50 per month node.
@_date: 2017-06-22 22:44:20
A lot of people are afraid that nodes will be more expensive to operate than they currently are due to the increased volume.
They don't seem to have any answer for why node operational costs matter so much but transaction fees don't matter.  Transaction fees for a single transaction already became more expensive (for a time) than running a full node for a month, and segwit-only blocks will be full again in less than 10 months at historical growth rates.
Both matter; Node operational costs have to be balanced against transaction fees, or else it loses its decentralization.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:06:03
Has that number been rising over time?  Do we have graphs of it anywhere?
Also his tool *does* miscount nodes as their IP addresses change, but it is still more accurate than the listening node counts.
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:59:41


Actually, it isn't nearly as bad as you might think, otherwise people would expect the node rate to plummet (it isn't yet).  Warpsyncing solved that for 99.9% of the network, and gave them a lot more room to grow before they hit the pain points.  Bitcoin can and should implement something similar with utxo state hashes.
@_date: 2017-06-13 02:59:38
0.35% of the hashrate, 11.5% of the nodes, and 4% of the companies (weighted).  UASF is like a tank, no way it can be stopped!
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:15:06




Without replay protection?  Yeah right.  You gonna build your own exchange too?
By the way, tipping points aren't a series.  They either tip, or they don't.  That's why they are called the tipping point.
The tipping point is 51%.
@_date: 2017-06-22 01:18:15


I've calculated for that, actually.  And I checked the statistics going back many years, for both hard drives and bandwidth.
Bandwidth costs have been declining at somewhere between 8 and 18% per year, average 14%.  Substantial, and beneficial, sure.
Meanwhile our transaction demands has been growing at +80% per year, and barely slowed down at all before it hit the blocksize limit wall.
14% of cost decreases is no where near enough to have a substantial effect on the bandwidth costs versus +80% a year.  If we set blocksizes to increase at +14% or +17% per year, as some proposals suggest, fees would still go higher every year until an altcoin seizes dominance from Bitcoin and the entire Bitcoin value begins to collapse.
The thing I found from all of the math and calculations was that the price increases themselves offset the increased node operational costs.  Even when I took the numbers to ridiculous levels - Processing 100% of current worldwide transaction volume around year 2031(based on +80%/yr growth) - and the dollars began to look ridiculous ($7000 a month to operate a node), it was still less money per month **in Bitcoin terms**, i.e., in **January 2017 it cost 0.01 BTC per month to operate a node**, and in 2031 at those extrapolations **it still cost 0.01 BTC per month to operate a node**.  This was using our 4-year price growth trends (as best as I could approximate), our 4-year tx/s growth rates, worldwide transaction growth rates, and hard drive/bandwidth price decreases.
People will continue to run nodes because running nodes provides them value.  Not everyone needs the security provided by a full node; those who want/need it should pay for it without holding everyone else (who would be happy with light clients / SPV wallets) back.
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:14:24
Blocked by its own inability to get more than 71% of the desired 80-95% consensus, you mean.
I'm sorry that you don't have any facts to back up your beliefs so you must resort to attacking others instead.
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:00:43


You're an early adopter, you won't have to.
Ultimately, though, that concept breaks down.  That concept works with Bitcoin @ 10,000 users.  100,000 users maybe.  Maybe a million users.  It won't work for a hundred million users, not like that.  There's too much data.  No one has a viable sharding proposal, though Vitalik thinks he can do it with Ethereum POS.
Lightning is supposed to be the key, but I [cant get anyone to answer why two or three disastrous attacks that I described]( won't happen that might make Lightning unworkable.  It terrifies me that everyone is hinging the future of Bitcoin on something that, when concerns are raised, get downvoted and then ignored.  Never gotten a legitimate response.
If lightning doesn't do it, we have to do something. Something has to give.  SPV security will be more than enough for the average person.  Those who want truly trustless security can pay for it without attempting to hold the entire crypto world back.  Or else Ethereum will do it for us and we'll be left in the dust.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:39:10


It does not make sense for Bitcoin transactions to cost a month's rent when node operation only costs a cup of coffee.  The two costs are intrinsically related, something that the core devs never discussed or addressed, because of their heavy small-blocker biases ever since the big-blocker core devs were ousted.


This is not what got us here.  Polled segwit support among real users is only 71%, but Core's consensus targets are a minimum of 80%.  Segwit simply did not get consensus on its own.
What got us here is that after the big blocker core devs gave up in frustration and quit(largely due to the things on community forums, but there were other factors), there was no balance within the core devs anymore; Their positions reflected that of some moderates and small-blockers, but no more big blockers were willing to put up with the garbage, silencing, and attacks.  So the segwit "compromise" was a compromise between half the community that left the other half out in the cold.  That's all fine and good until they actually needed the other half to agree.  Segwit2x is the only thing that got segwit enough consensus to be pushed through.
I'm not stating this to impugn any one person or push an agenda; This is simply what got us here.  Segwit2x is the only solution that lets Bitcoin move forward in one piece.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:38:44


Says angry guy in his parents basement.


Prove with data, or you're doing the exact same thing.


[The data disagrees with you.](
Data doesn't lie.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:48:00
I'm going to make sure that everyone that could be fooled into losing money on the UASF is aware of the risks they are taking.
Its only fair since UASF is being spammed on the front page of this sub.  If UASF gets enough strength that it looks like it will have a valid fork, then I'll stop because it would be legitimate.  Spamming garbage is not legitimate.
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:54:06
Hey Rusty, thanks for taking the time to respond.


Note, with regards to this and the rest of my comments, I'm coming from the perspective of "Lightning is going to really struggle to ever fulfil the 10x scaling multiplier that people frequently say it will get."  If you are of the opinion that lightning will fulfill a number of smaller use cases that it is good at but not act as some huge "scaling multiplier" for Bitcoin, then you can disregard most of this because we already agree.
With that said, this is a big problem.  The average nontechnical user isn't going to understand this or be able to set it appropriately.  They will however be furious when something goes wrong, and if they believe (as Luke-jr has asserted in several places) that Lighting == Bitcoin, they will blame Bitcoin and begin trashing its reputation for security and trust in the system.  Worse, if average nontechnical users begin using lightning for transfers of real value, attackers will seek routes and methods that maximally exploit this possibility.


Right, and I haven't quite worked out the game theory in my head yet about how this will play out.  What are user's options if there is a default in the contract(attacker or otherwise) but the default is smaller than a transaction fee required to correct it?  Can an attacker hold their channel hostage somehow and force the channel to close slightly in their favor?


Until they get lost, stolen, damaged, or bricked...


The only expenses I incurr on storing those bitcoins are paid in full(cold storage hw) or miniscule ($20 a year for safety deposit box).  The risks and effort involved seem, to me, to be too great for most hobbyists with few if any benefits.  Running a hub will be a business unless the risks and overhead costs are reduced to essentially nothing.


I swear to god everyone here uses that word to mean "something I disagree with but can't prove or disprove."  If you don't agree, just say so, there's no need to try to impugn the intentions of the other side.


Miners exert no meaningful impact on individual users, have essentially no direct contact with the users, and publish everything they do.  Those things are not true of hub operators, who at minimum have IP addresses, channel states and addresses, and have the ability to deny specific transactions in a way that does actually impact the individuals attempting to transact (as opposed to simply delaying them to a later block).  If they can't come down on hub operators when they first find it to be a problem, they will push for laws to be changed to reflect the problem.  This isn't FUD, this is how the real world works.


I haven't done that.  It is simply less bad than the alternatives.  Based on this discussion(with the OP specifically at least), I see no reason to believe that Lightning is going to offload 90+% of the Bitcoin network's transactions as is commonly claimed elsewhere (10x multiplier).  The 90th percentile of transactions is ~5-15 btc, and at least a simple majority of Bitcoin users are nontechnical users.  Getting lightning to a network effect that strong with transactions that large seems rather insurmountable, and my point with  was that if Lightning did get there somehow, the blocksize limit itself becomes the attack vector.  If you believe lightning is better suited as a 1.5-2x multiplier that offloads specific usecases for technically inclined people, we have no disagreement.  2x and 10x are worlds apart.


Understood and agreed.  My entire point is describing an attacker who gives no choice; They broadcast states that do not represent the proper channel state at that time, en-masse.  The only action the users can take in their defense is to close the channels.  The problem is that an attacker can time this so they all have to close them at once.


Blocks are almost certainly going to be full nearly 100% of the time going forward, minus short periods where the markets need to catch up with a sudden blocksize increase(i.e. 2mb hardfork).  Given that, I don't understand how this could possibly be differentiated by code.  Increases in average tx fee per confirmed tx?  There are many reasons this could occur, including weekends, price increases, attacks, or even exchanges that need to reshuffle account states.  It can also depress in the opposite direction for similar reasons that curtail the desire to transact.  That would make the timeouts be much more unpredictable for every normal case.
I have a hard time seeing how Lighting can get to a large network effect to achieve its often-touted 10x multiplier without removing the risks for the average nontechnical users and fully and risklessly supporting nearly every usecase within its power.  The alternative to Lightning(as a massive scaling multiplier) is simple - Blocksize is increased and nodes pay more for bandwidth, and more users shift to using light clients like electrum.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:08:56


I wasn't referring to going offline in that case, online hubs would only fare better, not actually avoid the problem.  They still can't lose the revocation transaction data.  I did see in one of Rusty's posts that you linked that the revocation preimages are generated in a tree and thus might not need every one stored as they could just be regenerated.  That might resolve problem  that I described so long as the preimage and necessary components were backed up thoroughly, and retrievable before the timeout.  Not ideal, but workable.


How is this better than simply having bitcoin nodes that simply use more bandwidth?  Isn't this the very centralization that everyone opposing bigger blocks wants to avoid?  And maybe even worse - Must be online all the time rather than sync-catchup when necessary.  At least more bandwidth doesn't put your coins at risk, and would be decentralized in an honest, above-board fashion (many companies running nodes, services like Electrum, blockchain.info, early adopters, etc) rather than a shady fashion(all hubs in third world countries because of AML regulations).


This all goes out the window when hubs begin being attacked.  They will have to raise their fees to offset the defense costs against potential attacks.


There is a chance that if that works, the first point would be less of a risk for the average user.  But they'd still have to pay an extra fee just for their node to function in the network; easier for most users to turn off transaction chaining and just use a hub.  It does not seem like this is proven.
Outsourcing lightning node operation still won't be cheap.  Now each lightning node user needs to pay the outsourcer service and also needs to pay the hub he uses.  Those, in turn, need to make at least enough to offset their costs of operation.  For outsourcing providers, datacenters have learned for years that 100.0% uptime is colossally expensive, and will have to pay for redundancy and potentially legal fees if they fail to save one of their clients and get sued.  Hubs will have those issues plus the 1:1 capital lockup requirement.
I still don't understand how this is any better than users simply using electrum and increasing the blocksize?


????  What??? This is supposed to be *the* scaling solution.  If it doesn't work right, there is no other option.  If the fees are high on both, Bitcoin is fucked.  Why would we pursue an unproven "don't expect" type solution instead of just sticking with the provable concepts first and accepting higher bandwidth costs?


It is very unlikely that this would work in America even with onion routing.  It might provide plausible deniability if the hubs had no idea who their users were and the algorithm concealed both the sender and the receiver at once.  But that probably breaks down since we are already facing a situation where users must use hubs to transact safely, and hubs need to link to other hubs.  This all sounds really handwavy - It will have onion routing, and it will have lower fees, and it will have zero-knowledge watchers?  When, and how do we know those things will work correctly?  How could we possibly bet the entire future of the currency on something like this?


Ok, but you and others asserted that Bitcoin does not need major blocksize increases nor does it need them now.  And in order to evaluate the risk of default, there would need to be some sort of statistic on the number of open channels active on Lightning that might represent an attacker - as well as the total number of BTC at stake with those - But Lightning uses onion routing and tight secrecy, so those numbers cannot be known.  So now the argument is "we might need blocksize scaling in the future, but we won't know how much or when, and we may not know how much or when until Lightning gets attacked... For all these unproven concepts that we believe will work at some point in the future... But we don't need to scale right now except for the contentious thing that can't get 80% consensus."  That really seems like a twisted gamble to make for a conservative currency...
It also doesn't seem very decentralized.  If decentralization is the goal, a wider variety of companies and services offering electrum-like processes could provide substantial safety with very easy on-chain scaling.  If at some point Lightning does become viable, all node operators would then prefer to promote lightning growth and could do something about it, but we're not there yet and don't know if or when we will reach it.


You are right, that would address point   I'll strike that off the list.  I find your response to  very unconvincing since your position(like many others) is against increasing blocksizes anyway, and there are no proposals with any traction for a dynamic blocksize (except BU, which is very unpopular).  I didn't see anything in your links regarding  either.
@_date: 2017-06-24 00:58:22


Well, it would be good if you clarified exactly what your question is, because even if I try to remove my own biases and give you a clear answer, I'm not sure what to tell you.  That said, I'll give you the best answer I can, but fair warning - proving what I'm saying about popularity or opinions is difficult and has a lot of fog to entangle itself, especially since I'm trying to estimate across two divided community segments.  I'm leaving out conspiracy theories and only covering the actual stated positions/actions of each major group.
If you want small blocks\*, or if you simply follow what the highest majority of technical minds advocates, you support segwit and you oppose the hardfork part of segwit2x(  If I had to guess, I'd say this is the second most *popular* position.  No miners have come out supporting this position that I am aware of.  Combining the segwit2x support from  and  makes this a much smaller, though still not trivial, minority.
If you want bigger blocks\*\* and don't distrust core, you support segwit and segwit2x both(  This is probably the most *popular* position, and quite possibly by a wide margin because of the moderates supporting it on both sides.  It is most likely to be the position that businesses support.  The position of at least 30% of the miners, and my position (though I strongly favor segwit2x over segwit-only, either are an improvement).
If you want bigger blocks\*\* and aren't frothing-at-the-mouth in your hatred of core and blockstream, you support segwit2x, viewing it as a solid compromise that moves us all forward(  This is probably the third most *popular* position, and is almost tied with  because of moderate support in rbtc, and is supported by all of the remaining miners that have publicly taken a position to my knowledge.
If you absolutely really hate core and blockstream, and distrust everything about layer2 solutions, you oppose anything segwit-related(  This is the least *popular* position, and it also has no public support from miners that I am aware of.








Whew.  Sorry that got long; There's a lot of layers to each of these, and different people support the same outcomes for very different reasons.  I hope that helps.
@_date: 2017-06-23 02:28:37


Normal addresses can send segwit transactions and benefit immediately.  It only becomes a "segwit address" after that time, but they will have already benefited.
@_date: 2017-06-21 08:07:32
Don't listen to the trolls and conspiracy theories. It isn't bad, it is the best possible thing bitcoin could get out of this mess.  It is also safe and being coded on time by many serious and experienced engineers.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:50:24


If BIP148's chain were successful enough that Bitmain pushed forward with what they are saying, Bitcoin will be split, and the market price of both chains will be severely hurt.  The big blockers and BU community will follow that coin.  The moderates will be split but probably remain with core and the small blockers at least initially.  Many businesses may attempt to follow the bigger block chain, as the legacy chain has become less valuable for them with rising fees.  Meanwhile, ethereum will become the  crypto-currency for at least a time.
I wouldn't really call that "not a threat."  It'll be a disaster for everyone.
Why can't the two communities try to begin coming together and we put a stop to the hatred that has built up over years, and the moderates on both sides cast out the trolls on both sides?
@_date: 2017-06-24 06:41:58




Why would we show you the things that you can't read?
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:54:47


This is not true.  Bitmain doesn't fund other pools.  Bitmain is a company with customers, who also mines, and happens to have their own pool.  That's it.




Complete bullshit.  [Only 71% of polled users support segwit]( which is not enough to safely activate using core's own consensus targets.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:32:41
1. If it did work, we would get segwit and a blocksize increase faster than any other approaches available.
2. People get to feel like they're rebels fighting back against the empire.  Punish the perceived bad guy minority!  Err, maybe, citizens fighting back against the nazi's?  I'm not sure what analogy but its in there somewhere.
To be successful, UASF would have to:
1. Have at least one major exchange decide they will explicitly only support UASF over the main chain; This requires them to make their business nonfunctional for any users not on UASF, puts them at massive risk of a failed fork and/or costing them millions, and has a significant chance of making the site un-usable even for UASF supporters.
2. Would require a minimum of 20% of the hashrate to switch to the UASF fork for it to be a viable fork and to stay there for an extended period of time(any blocks they mine if not successful would be worthless and cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in wasted electricity), or more likely requires 51% of the hashrate to hold the longest chain.  To put that in perspective, regular segwit only has 30% of the hashrate, and only ~30% of the hashrate is "undecided" regarding segwit to make up the difference.
3. Have at least 50% of the nodes to be sufficiently capable of disrupting the main network's block propagation.  For the miners linked to the backbone relay network this would have no effect.  Bitcoin is designed to withstand this very kind of attack, so it is unlikely to be any more effective than a government attempting to disrupt Bitcoin.
For the users of the UASF software, their software will be temporarily unusable.  Even if they do have a functional chain, receivers will have no assurance that the transaction won't be rolled back(taken back from them) if the fork doesn't succeed.  UASF doesn't have replay protection, so double spends across the two different forks will almost certainly be executed.  Their blockchain database state will probably be corrupted after the fork is abandoned and they will have to resync 110+gb from scratch.
It is highly unlikely that any significant proportion of miners will mine on the UASF fork.  The fork will be 0-4 blocks long and effectively halt until abandoned.  What the proponents/users of the UASF don't consider is that while it is effectively zero-cost for them to push UASF so long as they are careful of main-chain double-spends (not including the voluminous amount of time spent trolling online, of course), businesses have very real, very large risks associated with attempting such a thing.  For miners that would be hundreds of thousands of dollars in electricity bills, and the utility does not care that the fork failed and they didn't earn anything.  For exchanges the risk is not being able to serve users for an extended period of time, lawsuits from coins being locked up on the wrong chain, and their customers migrating to competitors during the time.  Meanwhile their employees and support teams still have to be paid.  Even worse, and something understood by almost none of the UASF proponents, is that even if an exchange sided with UASF, no one would be able to trade coins between the UASF fork and main fork; Without replay protection it would be difficult to determine which transaction goes to whom on which chain with any reliability.  So the exchange on the UASF fork would be trading UASFcoin but completely unable to trade bitcoin, and not able to reliably handle withdrawals on UASFcoin.
The natural response to my comment here will be to point out that all of these risks also face the miners who don't participate with the UASF, or that ONLY the main-chain miners face this risk.  It is nonsense - the main chain miners have a supermajority and will continue to throughout the UASF; That's the problem with it being a "user" activated soft-fork - the miners don't follow.  No miners, no chain.  No chain, no coin.  It is very easy for the people not risking anything to push UASF and shout it from the rooftops.  The people with money at stake are horrified by the risks.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:30:49
Yeah it sure sucks that the core devs have managed to become nearly unanimously opposed to the majority that exists in the rest of the community.
@_date: 2017-06-03 06:53:24


Its ok, until you said that I assumed you were someone who could do the math.  My bad.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:31:11


Remember, it is imperative that the people who can no longer afford even a single bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a full node!
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:57:57


I could waste half an hour arguing back with you, but I have better things to do with my time.  My pro-smallblock comments were back in December and part of January.   Big walls of text, including several links and datapoints.  About a month later I began making the posts with the blocksize numbers, including one where I explained why I was changing my position, but they mostly went nowhere.  You won't go find them just like you wouldn't read them if I found them and linked them, so who cares.  Talk to me when you have an open mind and I'll put in the effort, promise.




Core disagrees with you, they also do not wish to fork Bitcoin with 71% segwit support, yet the recent poll very clearly placed segwit support at 71% among users; Miner support is even far lower.


LN being active right now on an altcoin with nothing at stake doesn't address the concerns I raised in my link, which only become concerns when the scale becomes larger and nontechnical users try to run lightning nodes.  You would know that if you had read the link.  Instead I'll chalk yet another point up in the "raised lightning network vulnerability concerns with a LN supporter and got no response to those concerns."
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:44:57


Because segwit has 30.3% of the hashrate and falling since May 6th.  The portion of the community opposed to segwit is too strong to be forced (UASF that you favor is the same "hostage negotiation" you just accused them of), and there's no other proposals that even have as much support as segwit.
The compromise gets us there because they accept the thing they don't want in exchange for the thing they think is critical.  No compromise, no segwit.  No one has to like it, but if we want segwit, we have to do it.
@_date: 2017-06-13 00:09:37


I don't mean routing.  I mean for the people not on Lightning yet who need to find a hub to use.  And for hubs to compete against eachother in terms of fees, initial channel funding, etc.


I guess we'll see.  There's never been anything like it before for courts to have set precedence, and it is potentially even more untraceable than Bitcoin.
On the rest, mostly agreed.  I still think the mass-default risk is a significant threat though, which prevents Lighting from reaching the 10x 2nd layer levels that many people believe it can.  1x though, sure.  Maybe 5x. Too dangerous when chainspace is tightly limited.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:25:36
Upvote for similar maximum awesomeness and thoroughness!  *High Five!*
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:49:46




That's stupid logic.
Segwit needed 80, 90, or 95% consensus to be activated depending on when you asked.
The highest it **ever** got was 71% in a user poll of 1100 actual users.  Next highest? 49% of businesses supported it in a weighted metric.  Next highest?  35% of miners at peak.
Segwit didn't activate because segwit didn't have the required consensus.  There wasn't "one guy" there was even a whole slew of developers who quit over the garbage mudslinging and silenc ing.  Get your facts straight son.
@_date: 2013-04-22 20:52:41
As someone else has said, for small purchases like a restaurant, you can accept 0-confirmation transactions.  Doing a double spend isn't easy and isn't likely to happen often.  Moreover, you've met the guy in person, and it is much more difficult than just getting up and walking out of the restaurant.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:15:42


What you say is not entirely wrong, but it is also somewhat misleading.  The code developers as a group have an extreme bent towards smaller blocks rather than bigger blocks.  Those supporting bigger blocks have been ostracized and left.  There is no reason that a decentralized developer team should have [nearly 0% big blockers]( and a decentralized community should have nearly [25-50%]( big [blockers](  Anyone who thinks this isn't a problem hasn't been paying attention to what got us to this point.


You mean to say any developer who presents ideas that are in-line with the pre-existing biases.  Ideas not in line with this get ostracized, ridiculed(in a professional manner or not), and attacked(by core or by trolls online).  That is no way for a balanced developer team to run.


As others pointed out, your list is factually true but misleading.  A super-majority of core is in favor of a BIP-148 like approach, they just feel BIP148 itself is too rushed and too risky.  That is right in line with what Bitmain stated.


You need to re-read the github.  A significant portion of the core developers comments relate to one thing and only one thing - Making segwit2x be compatible with BIP148.  Based on the statistics available from every angle, that appears to be the only way for BIP148 to have any chance of success.  You could empirically disprove me - Go through and categorize the intent and purpose of each comment, grouped by username, and put it into a spreadsheet, and correlate it with their activity and length of time in Core.  There will be some core developers commenting on more than just the BIP148/BIP91 argument for sure, but the overall trend should be very clear.  Feel free to disprove me if I am wrong; I will retract this and agree with you.


Changes to blocksize are primarily economic in impact.  One the one hand you have transaction fees, and on the other hand you have node bandwidth costs and how that affects the protection that fullnodes provide against DDOS's and sybil attacks.  It is not a purely technical problem.  Funny enough, all of the engineers insist that it is, and then go off and play armchair economist.  All of the businesses counter with their economic points, and are dismissed for not being technical enough or not being engineers.  How can you assert with a straight face that the businesses must be wrong and the engineers must be right?  There is a balance that must be struck, and it needs an abundance of data and evidence to prove the correct path.  That cannot happen whilst the core developers have ostracized the entire bigblock contingent.


Like 84%?  Or do you support segwit2x?  The core developers sure do not.


Not everyone takes this problem as seriously.  Luke-jr wants smaller blocks, not bigger ones.  Gmaxwell asserted recently that bandwidth and sync times were a bigger issue for users today than transaction fees.
Segwit2x represents a low-danger way to approach the problem, and it is nearly a complete compromise in favor of the core dev's desired plans.  Despite this, zero core devs support it.  I'm sure you would say that means it is not safe.  I say it means the core developers bias has driven their thought process completely off the rails and out of touch with what the community needs.  Again, go back to the segwit2x github comments from core developers; Few are a real attempt to make this safer, but very many of them are an attempt to make their own unsafe fork not fail.


This is speculation on your part.  If they truly did not consider this, they would attempt to move forward with no limits or with BU.  The fact is there is not sufficient data that, once the historical syncing process has been addressed for the majority of users, bandwidth will be a major problem for the next several megabytes.  The data available actually shows the opposite - a 1mb block fullnode today can operate for only 50gb a month of data usage, about $6 worth for nearly anyone well-connected to the internet.  Transaction fees this week and last week went above $6 on average.  The fact that core doesn't recognize or discuss this issue should be appalling.


You sound intelligent so I'm shocked to hear you spitting out this lie like so many others.  Increased blocksizes do not centralize modern miners. [ I challenge anyone to disprove this.](  It **may** centralize nodes by increasing bandwidth costs.  That is a legitimate concern to be discussed and raised.  "Big blocks centralize miners" is garbage logic and shouldn't be promoted by anyone.
Your only link to back this is a discussion from early 2013, when the first asics had barely even begun hashing.  That's completely irrelevant today when essentially no miner can run *without* a stratum-like approach.  Come on man, think about this for a second and stop regurgitating garbage others have fed you.


It is basically the only game in town.  When people try to promote the development of alternative clients, core steps in and says we don't need alternative clients.  When they persist, core insists that they use the core-controlled consensus library for their development.  Forcing?  No, not forcing, as will become apparent with segwit2x and alternatives that are now very likely to split Bitcoin.  But coercion?  Trickey?  Lies and propagandist type remarks?  Yeah.


This is your speculation.  I don't think you realize how deep and broad the anger towards core(and BU, and jihanver, for that matter) really is.  We're going to wind up with a split coin, and then we'll all be fucked.  Because [a majority of] Core didn't want to compromise and didn't think they needed to.


As far as I can find, there are no patents on segwit.  There's no evidence that the article that Bitmain linked isn't just pure BS speculation.  So you're right on this point.


This is true.  Though it would be nice if the witness discount was tied directly to UTXO creation and not witness data, if that is the goal.


If Core hadn't ostracized big-blockers entirely, we wouldn't be in this situation, because a compromise could be struck within core rather than striking the compromise only by ignoring core.  So yeah.  Not good for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-21 22:06:00


Oh, my bad.  Messed up the context.  :)
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:00:38


Actually, I worked out the math on this.  This isn't as bad as you might think, and is definitely not as bad as core and many promoters here have been saying.
1mb blocks can be done now for about 50GB per month of bandwidth transfer.  It is much higher if syncing is supported, which is why Bitcoin desperately needs a hashed UTXO quick sync solution.  Even if that hashed UTXO state sync is simply hard-coded in client releases and can be disabled with a flag, the gains would be massive for nearly every fullnode operator.  Strangely, despite this being a proven approach used by several altcoins, this is regarded as not a priority for the core devs.  Even though gmaxwell recently claimed (wrongly - fees) that the largest complaint from users was bandwidth and sync time.
50GB per month is not much for most home users, who have a 300-1000gb bandwidth cap.  For a datacenter it works out to less than $6 of bandwidth a month, or basically one transaction fee from last week.  Hard drive costs even for the full blockchain in my calculations were always smaller than bandwidth costs at every level, with every assumption, by quite a large margin.
The problem is much better than that, though.  As Bitcoin prices rise, all bitcoin holders (node operators) gain a profit and become more capable of affording node operational costs.  The cost of operating a node begins to drop very very rapidly when those costs are priced in terms of BTC.
And a more important question is not "*can we scale to fit everything*" because obviously we can't, the world will just find more use cases and more transactions.  **The question is "how much CAN we scale to fit".**  And the answer to that question is surprising.  We're no where near any points of concern **if** the historical sync problem is handled, which it can and must be.  To put things in perspective, with 1mb blocks we can fit about 0.02% of the global transaction volume (2015 numbers, the best I could find).  With 10mb blocks (500GB/month of bandwidth with compact blocks and fast syncing - less than $50 a month) that would be 0.2%.  Bitcoin price correlates with transaction volumes (naturally, adoption), so that means that the Bitcoin price would be over $10,000 per coin at that level of usage.  Could you afford $50 a month if Bitcoin were worth that much?  Probably.  And that's the point - More and more businesses, users, plus early adopters will run even more nodes at higher bitcoin prices than they do now.  That's a part of why Ethereum has 100% of Bitcoin's transactions today but 400% of its nodes.  The data backs this - As bitcoin price increases, Bitcoin node numbers increase as well.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:06:17
Wow... I tracked down the [actual source for that](  Most of them don't have any field filled out, but still...
It is hilariously bad that not a single current core developer has come out as supporting a proposal with 84% of the miners on board, and that has broad support among the moderates here and in and also has near unanimous support among the former developers who were pushed out/quit.  Just goes to show how out of touch the core developer team has gotten with the community, the businesses, and the reality of the situation.  Even less than a week ago Greg Maxwell was claiming the most common complaint from users wasn't fees, it was sync time and bandwidth.  lololol
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:19:07
At one point Ethereum had more nodes, more transactions per day, more trading volume, a higher mining reward, and a higher google trends metric, and 85% of the market cap.  If that's what you call "a bit closer to" then yeah, sure, lets go with that.
Right now even after the recent ICO disaster, it has 4.5x more nodes, a higher mining reward, more transactions every day, and 60-70% out of the other three metrics.  So yeah, a *bit closer* than being 1/17th the size of Bitcoin in January.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:52:31
They said that?  Where, do you have a source?
Every source I've seen is just a single mined block signal, no statement to that effect and a lot of people assuming that.
Even if it were true, Bitfury has dropped to 6.5%, not even enough to make it to the first difficulty change.
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:21:11
Oh, so you Mr. 'onesty have a way to disprove [what I just said](
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:07:27


There's a step every 14 days, so it all depends on where the difficulty adjustment lands near August 1st.  If it landed right on it, it would be one very very long painful step and then full speed after that.  If it landed in the middle it would be half of one step at the slowest speed followed by another full step at half speed(3024 blocks until full speed).  The whole process will complete in two steps, but the fastest it could complete is 2016 blocks, which is also the most painful.
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:33:00


Happens after UASF gets 51% of the hashrate, or if UASF maintains &gt;25% of the hashrate for long enough for exchanges to abandon the 75% chain.
@_date: 2017-06-05 16:57:02




Softfork makes it worse, not better (because a softfork + replay protection == a hardfork; a hardfork can simply add replay protection as was demanded of BU)
Replay protection is a matter of allowing people to choose which chain they are intending their coins to go on.  Since both chains share the same UTXO history up to the split moment, nearly any transaction that is broadcast will be valid on either chain, and therefore (if fee is high enough) will be included on both chains.  Ergo if you wish to send an exchange 1.0 UASFbtc to sell, you are simultaneously sending them 1.0 btc to sell as well.  Worse, if **they** wish to send 1.0 UASFbtc to the buyer you were matched with, **they** will also be sending that buyer 1.0 btc.
There's two ways to make this *not* happen.  
1. You could broadcast a double-spend(or triple, or quadruple) and hope that a different transaction is picked for each chain.  There is no way to force this to happen, it either does or it doesn't.  You'd have to manually check on two different clients to ensure this did happen, and you'd need at least several hours of confirmations on the minority chain, plus 6 confirmations on the majority chain to be sure this did happen.  The effort, technical skills, and patience required to do this is beyond the reach of most users, and there are ways it could go wrong.
2. You could acquire some outputs from a block that only exists on one chain and mix those outputs into your transactions to ensure that the transaction is valid on only one chain.  The problem is you aren't going to be able to acquire the outputs on the minority chain for 100 blocks, which at current UASF hashrates would take 1.2 years.  On the majority chain you could get it within a day, but you'd need find a miner to buy coins from directly, you can't specify to an exchange "I need post-fork output coins."
Once you do one of those two things successfully, you can use the now-different UTXO's to select which chain you want a transaction to go on.
Exchanges would have an easier time of doing (2) - They have the technical expertise to do it manually and within a week or so they would probably get some post-fork mined coins from the majority chain.  But them manually splitting transactions on two forks is a lot of work to dedicate their technical team to - they can't possibly train their support teams to walk customers through the process required to transfer UASF-only coins to them, and writing custom code to split coins mistakenly received after receipt would take weeks of developer time and require taking several other priorities off their developers plates (things like: "Make sure the site is optimized enough not to crash when trading volumes spike this time guys").  That's not even counting the time involved in "fork all of our code to support a second bitcoin and add a ticker to the site for it" which is still substantial.
All in all, it makes it extraordinarily difficult for them to even consider trading pairs that don't have replay protection.  No, none of them have made a statement on UASF trading pairs.  But the difficulty involved is so immense that I'd be shocked if even one major exchange was willing to attempt it, and even if they did, the minority chain would have to for survive several weeks before it could be traded.
@_date: 2017-06-04 03:40:38


They believe that they will have both a super-majority of nodes and at least 25% of miners and at least one major exchange on board by flag day.
So far they believe they have the super-majority of user support.  I believe that they have this belief solely because of reddit comments and upvotes.  They feel that this super-majority simply needs to turn on nodes to change the current ~10-11% of UASF nodes into 75+%.
They currently feel that at least one exchange will be on board based on previous comments from exchanges that they would support the sales of minority coin forks like BU (bitfinex, I believe).  There's no exchanges with any intention to actually support BIP148(that I have seen), and most of the exchanges actively said they would not and could not support BU without replay protection.
They also feel that the pro-segwit miners(30%) will come around and support BIP148 in time, or at least Bitfury (who signed segwit2mb that is almost certainly going to conflict with the timing of flag day, and has stated nothing indicating support except for a single BIP148 signalled block, and has fallen to 6.5% of the hashrate).
In short, it is a whole lot of "The support is there!  Just you wait!"  I don't believe they are actively dishonest, though, they are true believers in their cause and simply haven't looked at or refuse to accept the real data.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:21:58


Allowing 120 connections is not necessary for full node operation, it is a generosity to the network, and currently is the default setting.
Most of the bandwidth goes to uploading the history for new clients syncing from Genesis.  99.9% of these clients do not need the security provided by a full from-Genesis sync.  The problem can be solved very easily by Bitcoin adopting a fast-sync approach using hashed utxo states and/or checkpoints; Nearly every successful altcoin competitor has a system for this, and there are many proven variations to choose from.  It can be optionally disabled for the 0.1% who truly need or want sync-from-genesis levels of security.
Once that is in place as it should already be and segwit2x blocks are full again(roughly 2020) Segwit2x, bandwidth costs will rise by only $12 per month, and Bitcoin prices will rise by over $3000.
The alternative is to have transaction fees rise by over $40 and hand marketplace dominance to Ethereum.  Why should it cost 8x more to transact once than it costs to run a node for a whole month?
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:44:17


Only the miners would get orphaned if the chain has 51%, which is the goal of all UASFers, but yes that is technically true.  I don't really include that because it is a weak argument, since if UASF does get 51%, non-mining nodes won't be orphaned at all (unless they accept low-confirmation transactions during the chainsplit, which no one should).


Partially true, though core explicitly refused to include UASF.  Maybe that was an unstated part of why, who knows.


If UASF actually shows any promise, things are going to get screwed no matter what, but this is definitely one way it may get screwed.  The price will tank super hard in the fork.  Thank god segwit2mb motivates miners to work together and not against eachother.
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:15:32


Actually, now that I think about it, it is going to be worse than 1:1 funded channels.  Think of a hub who does as you suggest, and opens 100x single-funded channels for 1.0btc with minimal funding on their side.  Assuming the users somehow find a dual-funded recipients to pay, if all 100 of those users push 0.5btc through the channel  (Making their channel now dual-funded and therefore useful!), the hub must push 50BTC out of its own outgoing channels.  If the hub runs out, they must begin closing channels on the users, *which then makes those users reopen a new single-funded channel that they can't be paid on*!
To actually be a useful hub for its customers, the hub must both dual-fund each channel with its customers, it must also fund a significant buffer on its outgoing connections to other hubs in case a large outgoing push comes at once.  So they probably have to fund at a 2:3 ratio with 1/2 funded on the outbound channels.
That's really going to suck for them.  I just have a really hard time imagining how Lighting is going to build a network effect where everyone uses it with all these problems that discourage actual use.  If it can't build that, it can't be any better than a 2x multiplier on blocksize, which really doesn't get us far.
@_date: 2017-06-16 17:17:46




FYI I think your thinking here is great, and very very much in line with my thought process that got me to the positions I have.  The only real thing to consider to evaluate those would be that transaction fees are measured per-transaction, and node operational costs are measured per unit of time.  To actually relate the two, we would need to find data on how frequently the average person transacts per unit time, then we can easily tie the two together statistically.


Well, we don't really have a choice here... On the one hand we have segwit-or-bip148-but-no-blocksize-increases options coming from the core devs, and in particular, luke-jr and gmaxwell are both intensely opposed to any blocksize increases to the point where they thought segwit was too big, and have held that position for years.
On the other side, we have blocksize-increase-or-bitcoin-unlimited coming from the BU proponents and r.btc, who may have no concern whatsoever for bandwidth costs and node operational costs.
Those are the two options, unfortunately.  I have a proposal that I haven't really tried to push because I don't think there's any chance it could get traction with either side in this environment.  The idea is to give the users a vote for blocksize, and to give the miners a vote for blocksize.  In order for blocks to be valid, miners may only include transactions that align with their position.  This splits the fee markets into two unequal parts; The users who are voting in a different direction from direction the miners desire will have to pay a higher fee for inclusion(and longer confirmation times), but this fee only goes towards miners that support their position.  The miners who vote against the majority of the users will be rewarded with lower fees for doing so.
The system balances itself with equal fees/confirmation times/profits on each side when miner voting distribution == user voting distribution, as it should.  The only downside of that is that one of the two control levers in that case is given to users who will mostly be non-technical and poorly informed of the tradeoffs and risks associated with each direction of the lever.
Thoughts on that idea?
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:50:10


I like how he lists it as a fact when neither of those are actually a fact.  The only "supermajority" of the hashpower that pledged support for anything was for a bundled compromise.  "Economic majority" can't be measured(which makes it a desirable 'statistic' for trolls!), but there's no indication that UASF has that, and the best that segwit itself has is 75%.  I'm all for segwit's activation and all, I just wish people would get the facts right; The reason segwit isn't active is because it doesn't have the chosen target 80-90-95% supermajority, not because of some invisible boogeyman.  Fix the support levels first and then we can tackle boogeyman, with facts and data.
@_date: 2017-06-24 01:05:18
FYI this person is giving you a biased opinion, just like you would probably get if you asked someone in rbtc.  Core has placed themselves at odds with the majority of businesses and nearly all of the miners, and the opposition to core is far stronger than most people here would have you believe("just a few individuals" -&gt; more accurately 20-40%).
Read up and think critically about it.  I tried to give you as unbiased an answer as I could.
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:27:05
A difficulty change is 14 days. The UASF times out November 15th; August 1 to November 15th is 106 days.
One full difficulty change at 15% of the hashrate would take 93 days.
So I slightly exaggerated - 14% could do it before November 15th.  But 13% could not, that's 107 days.
The network produces 144 blocks a day and most blocks are earning nearly 3btc in fees plus 12.5 reward, so that's 2232 BTC per day.  BTC price right now is $2525, so 15% of the daily output is $845,370 per day.  14% would be $789012, but still rounds to $800,000 if using even 100ks.
Ergo, $800,000 a day in lost mining rewards in order to get UASF through one difficulty change before the expiration.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:26:53
Nothing is being blocked.  The core devs are refusing to cooperate unless they are given their way, refusing to compromise, and will be left behind if that is what is necessary for Bitcoin as a whole to move forward.  It is not theirs to control.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:35:50
Only 3 percent of slush went, and that number stopped rising today and slightly decreased from it's peak.
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:10:42


No, that's because there's no fucking data that shows that it has supermajority consensus and quite a bit of data that shows it does not.
Node counts doesn't mean support because nodes that are segwit "ready" are not the same as nodes that are segwit supporters.  A UASF node could be counted as a segwit supporter, but a segwit "ready" node is simply a default choice that does not involve asking users if they actively support it.
Survey results show [49%]( [71%]( and [75%]( responding "support."  ("Ready" is, again, not the same as support.)
If there is data that proves it, provide it.  You can argue for WHY there isn't more support, sure, but there's no data that proves those opinions either and reasonable people could disagree with you.  The facts are that there is not a super-majority that supports it, for whatever reason.
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:50:24


Says the person [trying to force]( everyone to swallow UASF, [meanwhile asking]( for miners to [support his cause](
@_date: 2017-06-09 02:58:34


Hopefully segwit2x will fill the vacuum.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:31:49


Do you understand the word "delusions"?
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:23:18
Oh right, the chart that shows a higher percentage of miners on UASF than even signal for segwit.  The fairytale chart.  Got it.
@_date: 2017-06-16 22:36:35


You're not wrong, but my main response to that is that those solutions aren't ready and are unproven.  I'm all for supporting their development, although I have serious doubts about lightning being able to offload anywhere near the volume that people think it can.  It does have potential to offload a number of specific high volume use cases successfully, but I [think the trade offs]( are far too great for it to safely handle the rest.  I think maybe 50% at most of the transactions.  Still awesome, but nowhere near the 10+x multiplier that is commonly touted.


The disagreement in general isn't that it won't ever be needed, it is about the transaction fees, about when, and about the fundamental direction of bitcoin as a whole.  Their position is either that fees won't continue to rise or that rising fees aren't really a problem.  I haven't ever seen them respond to the statement about the importance of users who can no longer afford a single bitcoin transaction still needing to afford to run a bitcoin node, though I'd really like to see their response to that.  When I first started talking about that, it was just a hypothetical, not a real problem, but as of last week it actually is almost real- on one day the average transaction fee for inclusion was higher than $6 per tx, and a pruned node can be run for less than $6 worth of bandwidth and storage costs per month currently.


The problem with this line of thinking is that no one has been allowed to try to build consensus for an increase hardfork for the last two years.  Proposals within core sometimes were blocked from even entering the bip process.  Community discussion was shut down with extreme aggression.  Attempts to signal support resulted in epic-class ddos attacks.  Regardless of who is at fault, this is what got us here.


Try this again with pruning on and limit the peer connections to 15.  The difference when I did that was absolutely staggering.  And it isn't just a thought experiment; 15 peers is still functional and difficult to attack, and there are a lot of proven fast sync approaches with a hashed utxo state.


The question is not "can we fit all the coffee type purchases in the world."  The question is, what can we fit and how much of it?  And what are the trade offs?
I started out thinking just like you.  I too am an engineer.  That question set me in a mission to prove that small blocks were the only way.  I examined bandwidth consumption, technology growth rates, price growth trends, transactions per day growth history, average transaction sizes, minimum fees required for security, and more, all with the intent of proving that small blocks and high fees were an unavoidable consequence of the distributed unshardable blockchain themselves.
It took a month, but the data proved me wrong.  I can pm you a link that summarizes the conclusions if you want or you can find it in my history.


Gavin, Jeff and Mike were all fine engineers.  It was disputes about the tradeoffs and risks associated with increasing maximum supportable transactions and the personalities they had to deal with that drove them to quit, not good engineering versus bad.


Clients can and will upgrade and make choices about their support, clients don't drive a fork.  An actually viable chainsplit, for bitcoin at least, requires both a nontrivial amount of hashrate and a nontrivial amount of economic backing that both refuses to switch and will not have their finances put at risk by not switching.  The vast majority of users and businesses simply don't care enough to risk being on the wrong side and will just go with the majority.  The minority needs a powerful motivation and broad support across different segments to be viable.  84% might be enough to doom the minority chain.  Or it might not, it seems we will find out.
@_date: 2017-06-16 07:15:42
There were two threads in the other day that were littered with anti-segwit posters, including one guy that repeatedly posted a blogpost trashing segwit but refused to debate me when I challenged the blog post on the facts.  I'd estimate it was about a 60% favors/willing to accept segwit and a 40% opposed or strongly opposed to segwit split. I'll link you them in P,M, I think they'd be r.emovd here.
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:06:49


If that's really your plan then BIP148 needed replay protection.  No sane exchange can reliably accept UASFcoins alongside bitcoins and trade them.  They said as much with BU when they tried the same shit.  It isn't a matter of whether they want to or not, it simply isn't feasible for them to do that and support the average user.  No replay protection, no miners, no coin.
Moreover, you're only staking your own coins on a fork that has almost no chance of becoming the majority fork.  It is just like PoS altcoins, nothing is actually at stake.  But by all means, go beg Bitfury to stake $300,000 dollars a day for you.  Shit, if you're serious, just put the money itself into a bonded depository and pay them if UASF fails.  That's about the only way you're going to get people to take that kind of risk for you.
@_date: 2017-06-02 04:15:17


And to avoid stalling out to zero blocks per week.
And to avoid being obliterated by any one of a dozen miners who want to see it fail.
And to convince any businesses or users who actually stand to lose something that the UASF fork has a chance of success.
@_date: 2017-06-03 19:59:13


There is a community around BU.
They are all bitcoin holders and users.
All the data available shows that it is more than just a small group of individuals.
Ergo, you are wrong.
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:40:16
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:19:31
I'll bring the popcorn!
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:08:50


FYI, a major reason for the miners themselves being located in China (in addition to your points about the manufacturing) is because the Chinese electrical grid has a huge disparity right now.  Far more power is being produced by the recently-completed hydro dams than can actually be delivered to the cities hundreds of miles away.
This problem will begin to correct itself when the electrical grid infrastructure catches up and that power can be delivered as it is in most developed countries.
You are right that the Chinese state does like Bitcoin overall for its citizens - hence the rare, inconsistent, and very specific regulations being applied to Bitcoin.  They do see it as a potential way to challenge U.S. dominance.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:24:19


BS.  Blocksize increases don't centralize miners.
Mining devices utilize only block headers; Poolservers process blocks.  Operating/building a maximally optimal super expensive poolserver costs less than $100,000 a year.  Operating/building a minimal bitcoin mine to even hit 1% of the network hashrate for solomining costs over $10 million a year.  Bigger blocks of any possible size won't negatively affect small miners.
@_date: 2017-06-08 17:15:12


I mean, considering BU never forked, nothing could have come of that.  Was there something else you expected from Roger regarding something that never occurred?
@_date: 2017-06-06 05:11:19
6 blocks an hour, 1mb blocks.  2000 transactions per block, give or take.
That's 8,766,000 transactions a month.
With 10 million people wanting to use Bitcoin, every one of them couldn't transact once a month.
With 100 million people wanting to use Bitcoin, they couldn't transact but once every 11 months.
The population of the U.S. can't transact but once every ~2.8 years.  Probably not even enough if lightning worked almost perfectly.
The population of the world could not each send a single transaction in their lifetime.  Lightning couldn't even begin to work with that unless blocks were at least 50mb in size. (And it would have to actually work perfectly with none of the vulnerabilities I described)
Without blocksize increases, the blockchain simply can't fit the people that wish to use it.  The non-early adopters will be priced out first.  The [average fee today was $4.47]( and it continues to rise.  It will not stop unless an altcoin overtakes Bitcoin or we increase the blocksize, multiple times.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:37:36
You are right.  I was responding to his comment which talked about hard drive size.
Bandwidth is a manageable issue.  Hard drive is a trivial problem.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:10:35
For about an hour there was a suspicion that segwit2mb would attempt to disable it, and several vague statements that didn't really clarify that it wouldn't happen.  People were freaking out and/or abandoning any faith they had in segwit2mb.
@_date: 2017-06-22 22:20:56
I've literally never heard of you.  Is this just a play to get exposure?
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:17:33


[Core already plans to cap transaction sizes at 100kb.  No quadratic scaling problem.](
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:40:31


By the way, it is **incredibly** difficult to subjectively quantify data while remaining neutral, especially with something as contentious as bitcoin scaling, but kudos to you guys for pursuing that goal.  I think you do a fine job of it and should be recognized as such more than you are.
@_date: 2017-06-10 01:21:27


Because that makes sense on the interwebs.  I gotta give you credit though, never heard that one before.
@_date: 2017-06-11 00:13:30


In that case it won't matter if UASF has any miners or not, so you should just tell all the miners they aren't needed and to go away.  It is going to be hilarious when your chainsplit has less than one block a week, and everyone abandons it within 2 weeks.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:42:55


Bitfury did not.  They mined one single BIP148 block.  They did not say they were going to prop up a minority fork.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:16:38


Lets call it C-64 coin!!
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:37:49


That's a terrible idea.  TOR is not a reliable internet connection.  If hubs go offline and can't get back online / can't get reconnected, or change IP's midstream, **they bleed money**.  It is critical for them that they stay up and reachable at all times.
@_date: 2017-06-14 19:20:47
Invalid data.  He assumes that average non-miner node operation is reflective of how pool nodes operate, and he assumes that miners node operations from the past(0-1mb blocks) will not adjust in response to larger blocks.  Neither of those are representative of reality.  This kind of data completely misses the orders of magnitude of difference between setting up a large mining operation and setting up a fast node.  Setting up the fastest possible node costs on the order of tens of thousands of dollars, whereas setting up even a smallish large-scale miner facility costs on the order of multiple millions of dollars.
If you read what I wrote, you'd see that.  My point stands.  The other costs of a large mining operation are so great that increased node operational costs will never be a centralizing force for them, ever.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:56:59
Just curious, where did you see this?  thanks
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:23:04
What do they not add that they should?  Proof?
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:44:19
Lightning still won't solve the problem without massive block increases.  [See the math here]( towards the bottom.
That also assumes that [Lighting's potential vulnerabilities and issues]( don't prevent widespread adoption, that is.
@_date: 2017-06-17 01:43:48


No, not really.  Not without a miner mining an invalid block and the end user accepting a transaction with only one confirmation, which they should not do anyway.
Some people talk about the possibility that if the community decides to not use segwit, those coins can be stolen.  Again, not a real possibility - There's no reason people would just stop using segwit after using it, and not simultaneously deal with the outstanding segwit transactions.


Not possible.  Lightning has some .. [less-desirable tradeoffs, in my view](  In some situations those tradeoffs may be well worth it.  But if all other things are held equal and fees are low, many of those transactions will prefer to go on the blockchain instead of lighting.  Aside from that, I have serious doubts about Lightning's ability to offload anywhere near the "10x" number of transactions that has been often touted for it.  It just has too many downsides for nontechnical users, and comes with its own risks and vulnerabilities that have to be handled.  It is a good solution for more technical users who need to transact regularly, and also between two parties that need to transact back and forth frequently.


Unlimited blocksizes may drive node operational costs sky-high if miners don't apply some restraint.  There must be a balance between low transaction fees and low node bandwidth costs.
But I'm glad you responded - Maybe I'm just overly sensitive to the anti-segwit sentiment in @_date: 2017-06-10 00:22:12


Funny, I thought the same of you and nearly every other UASFer.  Hmmm...


Except I did tell you where you could find them if you really doubt but have an open mind.


They say the same of blockstreamcore seeking to promote the thing their entire business was formed around - sidechains.  What makes them wrong and you right?


Which is why every big-blocker core dev quit one after another and most went to work on altcoins.  Sooo open minded!


There's 1.5 billion dollars being transacted on litecoin's lightning network?  Reeaaaawwwwyyyy.....


I think it is.  I don't think it is sufficient.  Some people disagree with one or the other of those points, and some feel the same way.  That doesn't make me right and them wrong.  Same with core.


Most of core disagrees with you.  As core has made abundantly clear through every decision including BIP148, it should be activated if and only if consensus is overwhelming (80% is the lowest number talked about by core, but usually they want 90 or 95%).  I agree with that sentiment, and the highest applicable "support" statistic I have found anywhere [is 75% here](  Bitcoin is not standalone software, it is a consensus system.  Just having something really cool is wholly insufficient to actually have a usable, valuable network.  If it weren't, inventive altcoins would have already completely overtaken Bitcoin.  We're only special because we're big, stable, and people actually use us.


It is to the people who don't like segwit, for whatever reason.  To get them on board, and maintain the consensus that we all benefit from, we have to compromise, just like they have to if they want to remain a part of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-17 23:41:29


\ specifically isn't about old balances being broadcast (though that is another problem to be handled), it is about a transaction-in-progress being not completed.  The watching entities would also have to know about the in-progress state to know what needs to happen in the event of closure, because what is being broadcast isn't a "revoked" transaction, it is just superseded by a partially complete R-dependent timelocked transaction, and R is "supposed to be" in hand.


Yes, this is a potential problem.  Good peer connectivity is needed for many Bitcoin related security issues.


Right, but if you read further in the examples discussed in that thread, that also presents a problem because Lightning isn't consistently usable if the money flows don't form loops where the users' channel balances can get refilled without closing/reopening.  Forming those loops generally requires the ability for the consolidated large transactions to be combined and then split apart later.  This problem doesn't kill lightning, but it does seriously limit its usefulness and adoption rates.


Right, what I meant.


many things can be outsourced, but it won't be free and won't be (perfectly) without risks.  My overall point isn't that lightning is bad or doomed to failure, it just has tradeoffs that no one seems to want to acknowledge or discuss.  Those tradeoffs make it very unlikely to be a massive scaling solution, and if it ever is, it will take many years to get there.




Attackers don't care about usual scenarios.  Attackers care about arbitrary scenarios they can create.  An attacker can easily spend $8 million to open 8 million channels if it profits them $100 million to do so.
Good discussion here though, thank you.  I do appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:20:33
I really like how the "number of nodes is unimportant" when the numbers don't agree with your position, but nearly every UASFer will tell you "miners have no power, full nodes have all the power."
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:39:45


I expected it because there are many subtle hints that most of the oldest remaining core devs are small-blockers, and none are big-blockers because the big-blockers quit.  That's at odds with the rest of the community(small-blockers are a minority even here, though still a sizable contingent) and especially the miners(very very few are small-blockers).


This may happen... we'll see.  Cheers mate!
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:54:35
He is talking about the IRS.  The IRS does not care whether there is evidence of money used.  I am not kidding, they literally do not care.  If you buy a car or anything of a high value, you must declare the amount paid.  If you declare under a certain amount(based on its appraised or blue-book value), they record it as a gift and charge you taxes anyway.  There is no way to short circuit this process.  Some people do declare the "amount paid" as less than what they actually paid to reduce taxes, but they run the risk of having to pay extra as determined by the tax man, so they still have to declare a believable value.
Feel free to hate it all you want.  But ignore it at your peril.  The tax man does not fuck around.  I will be paying taxes on my bitcoin profits.  I hate it, I don't want to, I will try to find ways to reduce my tax burden, but I will not risk myself or my future wife going to jail over 28% of my gains.  It just isn't fucking worth it man.
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:45:31
@_date: 2017-06-21 08:02:59
Running as a pruned node doesn't cause problems and massively helps resource usage.
If you really want to contribute back to the network, run a pruned node at home for your use and a full node in the cloud to help people sync.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:54:51


Oh, right.  Lightning.  [Definitely no problems there.](
I like how you describe "payments that are almost free" for a system that isn't built yet, where we have no idea how much the fees will be and no accurate ways to estimate what the fees will be.  Who is ignorant again?


People will just use Ethereum.  Why screw around with loser system?


Never said daily purchases.  I guess this is where I have to remind you that we are talking about Bitcoin attempting to provide four transactions a year **and failing**.
People use things that are useful.  Bitcoin isn't gold, it isn't magically valuable just because.


Honestly I'd be fine with delaying the hardfork until the day the average daily transaction fees rise above $2 again post-segwit.  That day will probably be around March, 2018 if Segwit activates July 31st.  9 months from now.
Aren't you being fooled by people pretending that we can do all of these magical things without blocksize increases?  Get real.  Even lightning won't work if the blocksizes aren't increased.


$30 is going to sound like a very pleasant dream.  Do you think that the wealthiest 0.5% of the world's population will stop the bidding at $30?  LOL.  As if they'd give a fuck about such a tiny amount of money.  Transactions will either reach into the thousands of dollars per transaction, or Bitcoin will be supplanted by Ethereum.  Either way we lose.  Get your head screwed on straight.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:53:11
Apparently not, it couldn't get more than 35% of the miners in two years, and couldn't get more than 71% of polled users to support it.
Compromises are things that both major groups support, not something that one group tries to shove drown the others throat.
@_date: 2017-06-23 23:38:35
I love how that is the ONLY metric that appears to support the UASFer claims, and it vanishes entirely when you click "enable weighting" which rebalances the "voting" of dozens of luke-jr pet projects and companies that have no employees or customers.
With proper weighting for companies that actually have customers and employees, that metric makes UASF look even more laughably bad, at 5%.
@_date: 2017-06-13 02:23:50


Being a dick to people does not make them go away.  Didn't you learn this with BitcoinXT and Bitcoin Classic, and BU?  The people are still here.  Either compromise, or get out because we're not going anywhere and the coin is going to leave you behind.
@_date: 2017-06-06 05:38:57


I'm sorry that the real world statistics don't fit in with your fairytale.  The miners aren't just accidentally turning off segwit signaling.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:46:01


And we know for certain right now that a majority of hashpower isn't supporting it, and it is extremely unlikely that UASF support will be even higher than segwit support, ESPECIALLY in the face of the legitimate compromise in segwit2mb.  We don't "have" to do anything August 1st; it isn't special, it was just picked.
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:40:48


Conspiracy theories are fun!  Everyone around me is lying, did you know?!?  STOP LYING
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:20:23


Prove it with data.  The other side are all proponents of bigger blocks, every last one of them, accusing them of being responsible for smaller blocks is some twisted logic.


Both sides are driven by money; Bitcoin is money.  They have different opinions about what is important to and best for Bitcoin's financial future.  Both sides are driven by true believers.
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:27:57


I didn't mean UASF chainsplit.  If UASF does chainsplit, its going to be abandoned right away because people will be waiting for the segwit2x activation.  The coming chainsplit that is unavoidable is the +2x hardfork from segwit2x.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:53:51




The numbers I cited were percentiles; 50% was a median.  This was across about 20,000 transactions from 10 random recent blocks I pulled a few days ago.


My point is that that lack-of-economicality is the same thing that is going to harm Lightning adoption if blocksizes aren't increased for the channels to fit.  It won't magically go away; The lightning channels have to get opened and remain open before they can begin offloading smaller transactions and ease fee pressure.


Agreed, if those channels can get open and can find their destinations, and also don't form single-directional flow patterns where the channels frequently empty to one side and need an on-chain transaction to refill the channel.
But my point remains; Lightning must have blocksize increases.  Opposing segwit2x based on the idea that fees are magically going to go away and not come back is short-sighted and foolish.  Maybe the hardfork will be a few months too early; Who cares.  The hardfork is needed and is definitely needed within a year, more likely needed within 10 months. Splitting the chain because a hardfork came 6 months too early is foolish, and yet that's what many people here(not necessarily you) are pushing for.


FYI, I don't believe this.  I follow growth trends.  Those trends over a 4 year period are +65-80% per year transaction/user growth, and +50% per year price growth.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:23:59


Blocksize increases don't centralize miners.
Mining devices utilize only block headers; Poolservers process blocks.  Operating/building a maximally optimal super expensive poolserver costs less than $100,000 a year.  Operating/building a minimal bitcoin mine to even hit 1% of the network hashrate for solomining costs over $10 million a year.  Bigger blocks of any possible size won't negatively affect small miners.
@_date: 2017-06-23 02:48:03
Unless an altcoin that does everything that bitcoin does, but better, overtakes it.  That would also prevent reaching the moon.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:15:01


Wiped out?  They can't accept both without replay protection, which BIP148 does not have.  They will accept the longest chain, like everyone else.
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:59:55


You want to fork the coin and lose 30% of the community?  Because segwit clearly doesn't have 80 or 90 or 95% consensus.  It doesn't even have 3 out of 4.  So you can stop your whining and accept +2mb as a compromise, or you can ruin Bitcoin's value with a contentious fork.
@_date: 2017-06-18 21:04:21




Took me 6 minutes to find this: 
Quoting page 7:


the network, edges in the network, and price. Our data revealed that there
was a correlation coefficient r of 0.8467 between the number of nodes and the
price, and that there was an r of 0.8322 between the number of edges and the
And continuing in the next paragraph to show the correlation between price and blocksize: 
You were saying?




 oin_Class. ic/comments/494ur4/-/
What's the next incorrect claim you want to make?
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:12:02


Lets do both.  We should scale to global levels **and** dump everything offchain that can safely and practically be offchain.  But scale we must.


I thought about that originally, but I realized that there must be a tradeoff somewhere.  Why would people run a node then?  They will only run a node if they get something out of it.  The utility of Bitcoin must be enough for people to continue to run nodes at a given price and blocksize.  The only thing they get out of it is the same thing they get today - utility.
Over the course of many years, I think we will see more Electrum type services offering secure usability for a very low cost, and those will amortize their cost over their users.  I believe this will eventually happen with Ethereum or its competitors even if they don't know it, unless Buterin does actually solve the sharding problem securely.


Fuck yes, lets do it and segwit!  haha.  Thanks for being reasonable to discuss this with.
@_date: 2017-06-23 08:48:24




Uh, what the fuck did you think you were uploading if not sync from genesis data?


99.9% of those people you are uploading to do not need the security provided by syncing from genesis, they're just wasting their bandwidth and yours on transactions that have been irrelevant for years.  A simple hardcoded utxo "known good" state system or a checkpointing system could completely remove almost all of that bandwidth overnight.  And for the record, I do.


Bitcoin isn't going to be obsolete this year.  But if a competitor coin can do all of the same things as Bitcoin, and do them cheaper, faster, with sufficient security, AND it gets over the initial network effect hurdle required to challenge Bitcoin(Hint: Ethereum has now done that), then Bitcoin will be obsolete within 5 years.  The real world is survival of the fittest, not survival of the lol-my-coin-is-best-coin.
@_date: 2013-07-30 04:55:11
Wouldn't work for a company like Avalon.  They needed the money up front to float them to the point where they could sell.
Just sucks that they turned out to be unreliable and untrustworthy.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:00:58


In that case I would agree.  I thought you meant a flat 32 bytes just in the header.  Isn't the merkle tree binary, so the number of merkle branches would be equal to 1/2 the number of transactions?  Or == the number of transactions?
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:07:32


So the first step in UASF is MASF
got it
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:04:20
The poll didn't ask if they supported better shit.  It asked if they supported segwit.  Ergo, a lack of understanding on what that is would be relevant to the results.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:33:00
After much intense suspicion, he confirmed it will disable asicboost as segwit currently does (no changes to that)
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:26:26


They have the same concerns regarding their hardfork.  The only way to move forward is for both sides to, at least as much as they can, set aside their distrust for a time and try to honestly deliver their portion.  Right now they can legitimately say they have been persecuted and had the rug pulled out from underneath them (as well).
If the agreements are clear in both word and intent, and one side is dishonest this time, it will be abundantly clear who the dishonest party is right now.  I'm sure you believe that it is already abundantly clear who the dishonest party is, but they feel the exact same way about you and have valid reasons for those feelings.  We can avoid the whole mess by all setting the distrust aside and honestly pursuing the desired compromise.
@_date: 2017-06-10 04:25:09




My data disagreed.  They assumed that having nearly every client sync the entire blockchain from the genesis block forever was a necessary and desirable trait.  It isn't necessary, and it holds the entire network back for no reason.  When you drop that out, the data changes drastically.
Storage cost of nodes is trivial.  In every way and by every metric, bandwidth consumption is a significantly larger concern than storage cost, so if they actually asserted storage cost they are flat out wrong.  Unless you have an example of how they could possibly quantify "miner influence," that doesn't count as data, that's bullshit opinions.  Data is for things you can quantify.  Moreover, miner influence is nearly absolute despite the "fullnodes are the important thing!" narrative; Miners are both a full node and they also are the solution, by design, to the sybil problem, and are the only ones who get a vote that counts, and are the only ones who set the rules.  Despite the narrative being repeated over and over, full nodes don't set the rules - the network itself does, because any break in consensus damages all members slightly, and damages the minority defector severely.  That is why miners can't just change the rules, not because of fullnode feelgood theory.


Bitcoin is already far too big and far too distributed for it to be sybiled by any government.  The only possible takeover would be Chinese miners, but that will correct itself once the Chinese electrical grid construction is finished.  And the Chinese miners themselves can't agree on what to do about segwit, blocksize, or anything else, so there's no danger.  Meanwhile, the fear of an imaginary attack that isn't coming is allowed to hold the entire network back.


Every bit of data indicates that the softfork will be wholly inadequate to address the scaling problem.  Lightning won't even be generally usable before segwit blocks get full.  That is why the anger exists towards segwit.


FOSS, but, like, you should use our shit, the other stuff is junk and will break consensus.  Please.


They've co-opted the BIP system to the point where legitimate proposals like BIP100 or Garzik's BIP202 aren't even able to get an official bip number, but luke-jr pre-allocates many BIP identifiers for lightning, which isn't even a bitcoin core layer item.  How do you not see this?


Except the ones forced out of core, obviously.  And all those who say they don't agree.  And those who work for a real company with actual revenue creating real products for people.  Except those, of course.  If you want you can give me your "essentially all" list and I'll point out the people who disagree who you neglected from your list.  Start with Andresen, Hearn, and Garzik.  But I guess they don't count because &lt;reason&gt;.


The community assumes Core's goals align with their own.  They do not, and this will finally be apparent about a year after Segwit activates.


August 1st is going to be a hilarious day if segwit2mb doesn't allow the UASFail project to save face.


Bitcoin has a habit of stagnating whenever consensus isn't unanimous.


Rejected by small blockers at a time when blocksize wasn't a big issue.  Big-blockers now make up a majority of the community.  No legitimate data could show their proposals as centralizing as user responses to node operation cost changes are impossible to predict, and it has never been done before to collect data on.
They were forced out by small-block libertarians with paranoia.  This is not the future of Bitcoin, sorry.


I was specifically talking about how Lightning on lightcoin doesn't prove anything with regards to the potential vulnerabilities because it does not have enough volume for the vulnerabilities to manifest.  You are the one who brought up market caps, but market cap isn't the issue; block capacity versus lightning utilization is the main issue, and the value being transferred (aka opportunity for theft) determines whether a difficult theft is worth attempting.  Since lightning on lightcoin has basically zero volume, none of the vulnerabilities could be proven or disproven.


Stupid logic.  For any miner of any appreciable size, bandwidth costs are a is a rounding error compared to every other operational cost.  I know because I've done it.  Even paying for a remote fiber line to be pulled and put in service is a relatively small cost compared to the electrical distribution costs.  Of course most people wouldn't know this because they've never done large scale mining.


Miners care about electricity costs and miner uptime, and hardware failure rates.  Node operational costs will never ever become a major concern for them compared to the other big concerns.  This is incredibly poorly thought out.


Bitcoin solves the byzantine generals problem by requiring any attacker pay for very nearly the entire value of the system before they can attack it.  If a miner could double spend, they'd have 51% of the mining network.  If they made any actions against the network that were the least bit threatening, the price of Bitcoin would plummet - meaning all of their miners would be unprofitable within hours, and their datacenter space would suddenly be a massive cost with nothing paying for it.
We saw this in action - hard data - when Bitfury and cex.io had enough hashrate to threaten the network.  Every time they mined 6 blocks in a row or approached 50%, the price went down.  They panicked and stopped even though their chip was nearly 5 times better than anything else on the market.
All of that is a mute point because larger blocks don't centralize miners, they centralize nodes.  Miners have bigger problems than node operation.  Centralizing nodes isn't a signficant threat to the network so long as several thousand nodes remain - and the data clearly shows that nodecount increases as usage increases, and usage and price correlate.


And they won't continue to if a viable alternative appears.  Oh shit, what's that, Ethereum's market cap is more than 50% of Bitcoin's?  [And Bitcoin's dominance has plummeted to 44%?](
Well shit.  What you got to say to that?  Data does not lie.


You really don't understand how any of this game theory stuff works, do you?
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:13:49


They said after the first alpha milestone.  Regardless, segwit itself nearly disables covert asicboost entirely, and segwit2x is the same (and still does).
Also this is a reality thing; The developers are already very concerned about the aggressive timelines.  Adding more to the plate makes it harder to hit what has already been committed to.


Segwit2x also disables in the same fashion as segwit.  In fact it is appearing that the second step of segwit2x (after lockin) is to trigger segwit as-is; This is dependent upon the community not spooking the miners into fears that the 2mb HF will be blocked if they cooperate to give us segwit easier.  That said, segwit doesn't completely disable asicboost, it simply makes the covert version of it much more difficult to perform.
(So the trolls saying they will signal for segwit2x and then block the HF need to shut the fuck up.  All you are going to accomplish is to make Jihan refuse to signal for segwit without an upgrade being required for all clients, and you may stall segwit entirely because of it)
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:30:29


If this happens on a large scale I will totally take UASF seriously.  Everyone else would too.  I wish you luck.  (sincerely)
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:46:05


No one said that the node for a user has to be located where the consumer is.
And you're wrong:
Sydney Australia, free tier, enough bandwidth for 8mb blocks = $4.90 a month for the first 12 months, $20/month after that.  People in Australia can easily afford $20 per month, especially when Bitcoin reaches $10,000 a coin.  That's 0.002 BTC per month; Fees today are higher than that, congrats.


Yeah, and I'm not interested in your "limited to the first 0.1% of humans" solution which really means megacorpcoin, thanks.
@_date: 2017-06-14 06:18:55
Lightning has huge problems that will prevent it from being any sort of exponential scaling solution.  It will still help, but not like you are implying.
Lightning users [may lose Bitcoins they didn't even transact with if not careful](  Because of that, lightning is likely to centralize around hubs.  If it over-scales, it may result in a [catastrophic mass default attack](  Lightning may not be usable for many average cases if the channels [are all single-sided](  Lightning is unlikely to ever be useful [for very large transactions]( is initially hard limited to tiny 0.04BTC transactions, and because of this it is very likely to have [unbalanced currency flows requiring more]( on-chain transactions to correct.
That isn't to say Lightning can't be useful, but it has a lot of problems that people seem to gloss over.  For it to become any significant scaling solution it has to have a massive network effect, be safely usable for nontechnical users, and be useful enough to build that network effect step by step.  It is far more likely to simply be a tool for parties where both the sender and receiver are highly technical people/organizations who need to transact with eachother frequently.
That is not a scaling solution, it is just a tool for specific situations.  Bitcoin needs real scaling, long before Lighting could build any useful network effect, or we're flippened.
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:21:44


They are.  It just isn't the action you wanted.  Its called segwit2mb.
@_date: 2017-06-08 09:12:56


Uh, you realize that ghash.io was owned at least in part if not a majority by bitfury, who were dominating the chip market at that time, right?


I think we need a clear picture of what the risks are and at what point those risks are nonexistent, and at what point those risks are approaching criticality.  Only in that way can we walk the scaling tightrope better than altcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-28 05:00:34
How could they issue an executive order that targeted Bitcoins but did not target other virtual currencies like Amazon Coins, Linden dollars, Boston's local currency, international currency use within the U.S., etc etc?
We might end up with strong allies if such a fight happened.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:27:11


Yeah statistics are bad! ^^^when ^^^they ^^^disagree ^^^with ^^^me
@_date: 2017-06-22 23:22:37
Exactly.  I'd be willing to bet that most every actual user has paid more in transaction fees than they have in node costs this year.


There is a bit of an incentive - Price increases drive most people's profit, and nodes make Bitcoin more usable and fullnodes provide trustlessness and additional security.  Those things have a value, albeit one that varies from person to person, so it makes sense for me that node operation should cost money.
It isn't the best plan, I'm sure a better incentive structure is possible.  But it is what we've got, and it works for now and it continues to work until we hit far, far larger levels of adoption.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:34:23


Bullshit.  First UASF has to have a chance at having a viable chain.  Otherwise it is just empty hot air.


Please provide any data that the momentum is anything other than a small vocal minority.  Prove me wrong.  Posts barely make it to the top HERE much less everywhere, and opposition gets upvotes as much as promotion.  Sybilable node count is just barely above 10%, not really rising, and not stable.  Miner hashrate is tiny &lt;0.5% and not really rising.  So please, provide data of this overwhelming momentum.
@_date: 2017-06-01 18:48:56
This needs to be at the top!
For all the 100s of people who keep saying it is all about asicboost, this is the first step towards 1) Disabling what may be a very real threat to the progress of the network because of its perverse incentives. 2) disproving the conspiracy theories that try to explain every single jihan action on the basis of asicboost, something that they may well not be using at all.
Jihan even said (jgarzik quoting) he would support banning asicboost if it meant the community as a whole could progress with a compromise.  Talk about an olive branch.  Regardless of which side you're on, everyone should want this to move forward and view this as good news.
Edit to clarify: "he would support banning asicboost" means, I'm assuming, all forms of asicboost even methods not affected by segwit.  Segwit already makes the covert form (probably) impractical to use.
Edit edit: jgarzik did finally clarify that segwit2mb will block covert asicboost in exactly the same manner as segwit would now.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:46:53
Yay for &lt;unproven incomplete thing&gt;!  Woop Woop it solve all problem yes youbuy ?
@_date: 2017-06-21 16:25:13
Not a problem with fast hashed utxo syncing.  The tech to do this is well proven in several variations by altcoins, but somehow it "isn't a priority" for bitcoin according too some core devs.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:27:58
Show everyone that you are an informed user who can be trusted.  Pray tell, what does "replay protection" mean and why did the exchanges demand it of BU?
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:44:01


Eventually being after UASF expires on November 15th.
The only way that UASF will even get to that point is if it magically gets 15% of the miners.  At 5% they won't get to the difficulty adjustment for 9 months.
At the hashrate UASF has right now, it will take UASF **THREE DECADES** to get to the difficulty adjustment.
They will get one block a WEEK, or the equivalent of a 0.005MB blocksize with a weeklong confirmation time.  Most of the transactions will time out of the mempools before one block is even found for them.
Credit to for the math.
@_date: 2017-06-03 05:10:18
Unfortunately most of the UASF supporters seem to be confused about how blockchains work.  They think their nodes will continue to accept all segwit-signaling blocks; They don't realize that they'll reject any segwit-signaling blocks that are mined on top of non-segwit blocks, which is all of them.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:31:50
FYI, is indeed correct that bandwidth is the driving major cost concern, but he is [overstating how bad it currently is]( and will be.
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:06:22
Agreed all around.  Cheers mate!  :)
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:05:07


If every single miner who wasn't a signatory to segwit2x continued to mine for you, the soonest you'd reach the first difficulty adjustment would be 3 months.
If half of them do the financially logical thing and move to the majority chain, then it is 6 months.
No miner can afford to blow electricity on the wrong chain for 6 months, and very few can afford to do it for 3 months.  Good luck with your fork.
@_date: 2017-06-05 17:22:17


If segwit2mb, which actually has a non-trivial amount of hashrate behind it, activated just after BIP148's flag day, the BIP148 users would, hilariously, be on the wrong pro-segwit chain.
BIP148 is effectively useless.  Without hashrate it won't have blocks.  Without replay protection it won't have exchange support.  With segwit2mb it becomes redundant.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:27:04




The issue is not whether segwit is the majority.  Segwit supports the legacy chain and the new chain.
The issue is whether BIP148 has the majority.  It does not by any metric.  It doesn't even have 25% by any metric.  It doesn't even have 15% by any metric except reddit spam posts.  Disprove me with data if you have it.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:30:48
Quite a few core devs do want that actually, for a very long time.  Luke Jr wants smaller blocks than 1mb
@_date: 2017-06-03 22:30:58


I agree the plan should be done right and that may take more time.  We'll see what shakes out.  :(
@_date: 2017-06-23 23:35:21
UASF was propelled by a very vocal minority; The highest hashrate they managed to build after nearly a month of spamming and begging was 0.3%.  The best metric they ever had was only 11% of the nodes, and they tried to [fake business support]( so badly that coin.dance had to build a weighting system so that a slew of empty shell companies/projects with no customers couldn't skew the metrics in their favor.  Click enable weighting to see what I mean before/after.  You can spot-check their weighting yourself by looking at the businesses marked "support" for UASF.
Vocal minorities like that sometimes begin to burn out and piss off the neutral readers who could care less with their spam.  The moderate readers who don't post often quite like segwit2x as far as I have been able to find.  The die-hard UASFers hate the 2x, and the die-hard BUtards hate the segwit part, and both are trying to incite resistance to block it.
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:03:27
Q: What do you call a blockchain fork that only has one block in it?
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:41:20
How many of those businesses are actual companies with employees and non trivial revenue, though?  I've scrolled through the list before and not only did many companies simultaneously support both sides, I barely recognized any of the names on the list.  Could just be me, but given how far out of line that statistic is with every other UASF data point I have been able to find, it's suspicious.  (Hashrate &lt;0.5%, upvotes equal downvotes and no support in other forums, and nodes= ~10%.)  I mean that list even has Microsoft listed, as if Microsoft actually gave a fuck about disputes between bitcoin forks that haven even happened yet.
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:51:03


Right-o friend.  And if you want to stop paying taxes, you can just stop paying taxes, and that's it!  Done.  You haven't done this, so clearly, you like paying taxes.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:03:00
Actually, not really, because they have to pay a fee for every trade(not a %), as well as the fact that the NYSE can easily blacklist flooders.  They have years of experience dealing with these things.  MtGox is just going through another rough round of growing pains(we all are, really).
@_date: 2017-05-29 19:09:27


Right, it isn't a technical debate so long as you ignore the other side's technical debate.


Right, it only counts if they engage on the terms you specify.  Oh, and also, might as well add only counts if their points support your conclusion.
You are the problem.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:19:33
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:46:47
Haha reminds me of the somalian pirates southpark episode where cartman glorified it in his mind.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:46:08


There is no such thing as a "Bitcoin."  It does not exist.
All that exists are a growing group of people that agree that a certain set of numbers, and their matching cryptographic keys, have value.
People's opinions about value are fickle.  Once they leave in sufficient numbers, they will never return because the others are no longer there.  Bitcoin would face the same chicken and egg problem that every other altcoin has faced and 99.9% have lost to.
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:08:27


1%?  Of the total you mean?  I'm confused.  The highest I've seen is 6.1% of Slushpool's 5%, or 0.3% of the global total.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:56:21


I would agree with this (and I'm glad you are rational enough to state that 8M is *probably not* catastrophic even when you oppose it!), but think of it this way:  The reasonability of 8M comes down to getting Segwit enough consensus over the finish line, and getting everyone onto the same page, together.  Despite the rhetorc that is frequently posted here, Segwit does not have enough consensus in the wider community to reach the targets set by core/everyone... Segwit support was polled from actual people at ~71 %, and the targets are either 80, 90, or 95 % depending on which core dev you talk to and when.  (Or 51% for luke.jr and shaolinfry)
@_date: 2017-06-03 21:34:49


It needs at least 20% to have a real chance of reaching the first difficulty change.
That's 1.1 million dollars a day in mining power.  Not exactly what I would call "minimal" but if that's minimal to you, great.  There's no indications that BIP148 will get anywhere near 20% of the hashpower, though.
@_date: 2017-06-12 20:01:58
Serious question, please, can someone who is a big supporter of Lightning, or any dev, address these issues I fear arising from lightning:
1. For nontechnical users, lightning actually puts their money at risk if it does not centralize around hubs, i.e., if people allow their lightning channels to act as linknodes in transactions.  The reason for this arises from the technicals on page 45 of [the LN paper](  The problem for an average user is that they may go offline at any moment, and may be offline for an indeterminant amount of time.  With Lightning, though, they've committed their own Bitcoins into a transaction chain with the expectation of being reimbursed from the prior link in the chain.  Using the example on that page 45 where Bob is our innocent user, and where all four parties have already exchanged the hashed timelock contracts, and are now settling the channel states with their partners.  If Bob were to go offline at this time, **he would be in serious danger of losing his Bitcoins.**  He would, in effect, pay Dave on behalf of Alice, but Alice would not pay him and/or would not have to pay him.  This is because he would be unable to receive the R proof from Carol, who has it.  At this moment, Carol would have already paid Dave(on behalf of Alice) and is now dependent upon Bob paying her.  If Bob went offline, Carol would be forced to broadcast her and Bob's hashed Timelock contract before it expired because she could not know whether Bob is honest or not, and the hashed timelock revocation *will* become active if Carol does not take action.  
.  
This is a big problem for nontechnical users who are not always online.  There are many reasons outside their control that could take them offline, and many other reasons that might prevent them from coming back online before Carol 
is forced to broadcast the delivery transaction with secret R.  In this case, they lose Bitcoins even if they never transacted them on the Lightning network.  This exploit can be arbitraily created if Alice and Dave are actually the same attacker who seeks long routes with users that don't appear to be constantly online and just repeatedly send back and forth until the transaction drops on the right step.  The only way for Bob, and others like him, to avoid this issue is for them to never function as a transaction intermediary node.  That breaks lighting, and the only possible solution will be to centralize around hubs.  
.  
*Edit:  This may be* partially *mitigated by the Lightning goal of zero-knowledge channel watchers.  Such a concept is unproven, and I'm not convinced it will work totally.  If it does, it incurs additional costs upon anyone seeking to run a participating node.  If their watcher fails for them, the user would still have no recourse.*  
.  
2. Lightning hubs present a new problem on top of adding potentially large fees to Lightning (as they will have to put nearly 1:1 capital into locked channels and will expect an ROI on the time value that is locked up).  Because of AML regulations and the new secrecy provided by Lightning, Hubs will effectively be unable to be operated in any developed country that has any AML regulations.  It will be like forcing all bitcoin users to start using the silk road for all Bitcoin purchases.  Sure, it might be trustworthy enough, but it is also shady and very centralized.  The hubs and the datacenters that host them will be aggressively hunted down by the authorities wherever possible.  If the hubs find a way to exploit their users (including the above or below attacks!), the users will have no recourse.  That brings us to the worst point of all... Default-en-masse attacks.  
.  
3. Blockchain space will always be tightly constrained with high fees under the model envisioned by Lightning proponents, in particular this very post("Settlement layer").  That means that, with only Segwit, Lightning transactions will be limited to approximately 4000, maximum ~8000 transactions every block.  Both revokable and already-revoked lightning transactions have a timeout measured in blocks which represents the maximum amount of delay someone must wait to close an uncooperative or defaulted channel, described as 1000 blocks in the Lightning whitepaper.  That means that if in any situation more than 4,000,000 to 8,000,000 channels are trying to close at the same time, someone with a valid transaction is going to get screwed.  Compared to the userbase envisioned for crypto-currencies, this is not very many.  And even that assumes that 100% of the blockspace is being dedicated 100% to closing lightning channels during the default attack.  In reality those would have to compete for blockspace with eachother, with the attacker(s), with anyone who panics, AND with normal blockchain volumes.  The fees required to avoid the attack would shoot through the roof.  If user(s) or organizations were performing the attack against hub(s), any profitability from operating the hub would almost certainly be wiped out due to the excessive fees incurred when attempting to fight off the defaulted transactions, **even if the attack fails**.  In the case of users versus hubs, these transactions wouldn't even have a penalty benefit as they wouldn't need to be fully settled/revoked first; Meaning even if the attack is **unsuccessful**, the "users" would only have spent btc tx fees and probably have spent lower fees than the hub would have fighting off the attack;  The hub on the otherhand would be obliterated in fees and would have just lost many or most of its income (channels).  In the case of hubs versus users, they could be previously revoked transactions where the state favors the hub, and the hub(s) would just need enough channel attacks to be successful to outweigh the users who capitalized on the punishment that Lightning applies for already-revoked transactions.  Worse, users would likely be slower to respond to a mass-default attack from their hubs; they'd have to read about it in the news and then try to figure out what to do about it.  
4. ~~That brings us back to yet another problem that Lightning creates for our nontechnical users.  Lightning requires that any participants store their revocation transactions for every previous state the channel has ever been in.  **If they fail to do so and *are* attacked, they *will* lose bitcoins**, and if they are a tx linknode, they once again might lose Bitcoins that were never even used in their own transactions.  This is an entirely new security problem for users given the problems with data backup and data security that already exist.  Unlike cold storage wallets, the private keys here cannot be printed out and put in a bank vault, nor can they be kept cold without constant effort(new revocation transactions frequently created).  Granted, they don't represent a potential for theft except perhaps to their channel counterparty, but they do have to be constantly backed up and be able to be restored in the event of data loss.  The only way to clear this history is to close and reopen the channel, which requires two transactions + large on-chain tx fees.  This is a huge, huge problem for the average user.  And if it is a problem for the average user, it is going to be a big problem for lightning adoption.~~ Edit: OP responded to this and it is addressed by one of Rusty's posts.  The idea behind it is probably sound, but it is unproven.  Still, convinces me that this can be struck off the list.
I sincerely and seriously would like someone to address these concerns I have.  I'm not actually anti-lightning - I recently made a comment in promoting it as a potential good solution for the situations involving technical users with frequent transactions (like casinos to frequent gamblers, or mining pools to their users), or low-value transactions unlikely to be targeted for defection.  But pushing it as a scaling solution for all users all the time?  These and other potential attacks need to be addressed first.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:41:24




Then put your money where your mouth is.  A bonded depository could be used to pay the miners that are being asked to take this huge risk for you.  If the UASF fails, they get your coins, if it succeeds, only Jihan loses coins.
@_date: 2017-06-14 15:20:32


Blocksize increases do not increase mining centralization.  Anyone who told you that doesn't understand [how mining actually works today.](


Segwit is not in conflict with blocksize increases.  There's no reason we can't have both.  Segwit is actually even compatible with EC (which I don't support, btw).


Again, larger blocks do not increase miner centralization.  They may have an effect on node centralization, but those are not the same thing.


Its already been agreed to by the requisite supermajority.  It is safe, it is sane, and it'll keep us going until 2020.  Then we can re-address this.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:54:56




Segwit did not and cannot get consensus without segwit2x.  71% USER polled support is not sufficient consensus.
Segwit blocks will be full around January of next year and fees will return to current levels.
@_date: 2017-06-21 02:36:44


Right, but there are better ways to accomplish the same stated goal, and that weight may "incidentally" provide some benefits to projects that gmaxwell and its creators wish to push.  I'm generally not a conspiracy guy, but I do think that segwit transactions should stand on their own - and accomplish their utxo goals - without propping up other projects.


Honestly, it is so incredibly frustrating trying to do anything or have any sort of discussion about this issue or blocksizes in general that I don't fault them for not participating properly.  They have a business to run, as I did for a long time.  Nowadays if I try to argue in favor of segwit or compromise in rbtc I get attacked (though less so) and if I try to argue in favor of segwit2x or larger blocksizes here I get attacked.  Most of the people refuse to actually debate, respond to facts, or use logic.  The hatred of Jihan runs so deep that it is frequently illogical.


Simpler wasn't really what I meant.  I meant global, i.e., fix it for all transactions and don't let legacy transactions opt-out.  Requires a hardfork.


I'll be impressed if schnorr is out and gains widespread usage before the blocks get full again.  The hardfork is going to be contentious and possibly derailed, and without the 2x hardfork segwit blocks alone will get full again around Feburary, 2018.  10 months to get schnorr tested and live, and then that would give us until August-ish.  Segwit2x, if the hardfork is successful, gets us to early 2019 maybe 2020.
@_date: 2017-06-22 23:23:58
I like for people to think for themselves about best choice for each issue.
*Please, read and critically consider everything this guy says.*
@_date: 2013-04-13 07:21:54
At the very least, accepting bitcoin will get you put on the bitcoin acceptance page.  Its cash-like nature makes it ideal for home birth as well.
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:45:29
Woot!  thanks dude, my first spontaneous tip!
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:09:28


Ugh, ok.  So I know you are saying this and you also believe we need substantial blocksize increases.  But going back to your post, you said:


Which is in direct conflict with what you just said to me:


This is a big, big problem.  Lightning is a network, and to be useful, it needs a cumulative network effect of users using it.  It is also a major position of many people within Core, and nearly every small-blocker here, and a great deal of moderates here, that Lightning is supposed to be 10x multiplier on Bitcoin's transaction volume, and it also is supposed to be THE solution for Bitcoin scaling since the blocksize increase opposition is so strong.
It can't be "THE" solution for scaling if it can't build enough of a network effect to be useful; The channels will just get closed very quickly due to the lack of usefulness, harming future usefulness, and the lockup times and confirmation delays will cause a lot of resistance to any attempts to increase that usefulness.  If lightning is supposed to be a 10+x increase on Bitcoin transaction throughput, it must offload 90% of the transactions or more.  Due to the no-route-available issues, Lightning is probably never going to offload the largest 10% of transactions, roughly anything above 7btc right now according to a few blocks I sampled.  That means it must not only have enough of a network effect to serve the bottom 90% of transactions ENTIRELY, but it also means that any situation which pushes a potential use of lightning back to the blockchain is going to have a cumulative, squared impact on Lightning's network effects and thus its throughput multiplier.  It also must have enough usefulness that the channels almost never need to be closed(+2 tx each, lowering the 10x multiplier!), which it also can't do unless it is extremely useful in nearly all situations!
In my opinion, if lightning is to have any hope of meaningfully helping Bitcoin scale, absolutely every use case that can go on it must go on it.  But that's a big problem for home users, single-funded channels, etc.  It is a big chicken-and-egg problem too; If Lightning already had the usefulness, users could easily use it.  If it doesn't, they can't, but then Lightning doesn't gain the usefulness.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:20:31


Of course it does.  Everything has tradeoffs.
But crypto-currencies are reliant on network effects to be viable - It isn't worth anything if other people are not willing to pay you for it.  The coin that wins will be the coin that better navigates the balance between scaling and decentralized security.
Unfortunately, the solutions proposed from the Bitcoin side [also have a major tradeoff]( in the form of centralization and degraded security and anonymity.  The ideas are unproven, and thus also consequences of them are unproven and unknown.
We simply have to balance the tradeoff better than Ethereum and every other coin.  Right now it is terrible - A month's worth of node operation can be done for as little as $6, and a single transaction fee can equal that, and we're just getting *started* for how bad it is going to get.
@_date: 2017-06-08 19:05:42


Right.  71%.  I literally said:


@_date: 2017-06-12 01:11:36
I'm sure 84% of the businesses and miners are just idiots then.  I mean, its not like core forced out every big blocker who disagreed with them, right?
@_date: 2017-06-01 03:38:39


That's an easy question, of course 2mb isn't enough.  Also, lightning still needs onchain scaling to handle defections and also to prevent a massive default-all-at-once attack against open channels.  The real question is "How much of a blocksize could we actually handle?"  When you do the math, and then work out what it would take to actually get there, the answer will surprise you.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:08:04


If you had every exchange and 51% of the hashrate, yes.
If not, no.
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:19:43
Antminer code wouldn't fix the asicboost threat.  We would have to add some bits to the block headers, i.e., modify bitcoin consensus rules.
(I.e., there's nothing to prevent Jihan, or any miner, from running a modified firmware that supports asicboost, but it can be fixed in the block verification layer)
@_date: 2017-06-08 08:58:20




Segwit2x will take care of the problem, and actually has real backing.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:56:51
No, the blockchain is stored on hard drives, flash drives, etc.  Every hard drive on the planet would have to be wiped out at the same time, as well as any burned disk or tape drive backups that may contain the blockchain.
(Which, if it somehow happened, would be a *lot* worse than just bitcoin.  The world software industry would be completely obliterated).
@_date: 2017-06-02 04:10:05


This is evidence that 85% of full nodes are running the only game in town.  Even most of the other nodes are probably running core, they're just signaling / pretending to be something else.  Hell, even if they ARE running something else, 100% of the other nodes are running a fork based on Bitcoin code.
I don't know why people keep trotting out this statistic like it means anything.  Some humans are murderers and 100% of humans were fed and taken care of by other humans at some point in their life.  Ergo, 100% of people support murderers.  Do you really think that statistic means *ANYTHING* except that the people posting it over and over again can't think critically at all?
You will convince no one with garbage statistics like that, and other people can post garbage statistics right back at you.  It gets us no where, so stop it and think critically about what you are claiming, please.


The other half of the community says that core is mostly controlled by blockstream and rogue small-blocker devs and doesn't represent the broader community at all.  That statement is just as true as yours.  If you disagree, disprove it with data.  Both statements say about the same thing - What makes their statement wrong and yours right?
The truth is that the broader community is sharply divided with significant numbers of extremists on both sides.  I believe both statements have elements of truth.  And there are a lot more extremists (and moderates) oppose segwit than any core/segwit fan would like to admit.  Data [here]( disprove me if you have better data.


They didn't do that precisely because there is, and was, no hard data that indicates the "overwhelming majority of users" actually support anything like you claim.  And once again, you claim that segwit has an overwhelming consensus for activation.  At this very moment in there's more than a few users claiming that segwit has *almost no* real support outside of blockchain.  What makes them the crazy one and not you?  Show the data or else neither of you have any ability to make such a claim.
Even as recently as this week the core devs - segwit supporters all - were questioning that very claim when BIP148 proponents including luke-jr asked for BIP148 support to be merged into core.  The two UASF supporters did not answer with any data because there is **no useful hard data** that indicates segwit support is that high(&gt;70%), and there is substantial reason to believe that segwit opposition is very non-trivial.
They didn't do BIP149 before because trying to activate a fork without actually having the overwhelming consensus that everyone keeps claiming could lead to a disaster, and the core devs are and must be very conservative.
Block votes are countable precisely because they are what Satoshi founded Bitcoin on - They cannot be faked.  If we aren't going to use that to measure support and verify these claims, we have to use something else.  I showed my data sources in [the link]( and your 85% number is meaningless because it is not, in any way, a useful measure of a users opinions on segwit - It only measures whether "people," which may not correlate with real people at all, actively jumped through the hoops to *not* run the default client.
Real, useful, meaningful data or bust.
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:30:14


Agreed on both points
@_date: 2017-06-13 01:10:57


Err, please, stop and think about this for a second.  You (seemed to, I believe) mostly agree with me that Lightning will coalesce around payment hubs because it is difficult or unsafe for non-technical users to act as linknodes.
Now we're raising situation where the two people can't pay eachother through the hubs, because (as you've indicated) the hubs will only open single-directional payment channels, to reduce capital costs.
So instead, these two people spend two blockchain transactions to open a lightning channel with eachother?  But now that they have that, neither of them actually wishes to act as a linknode for the other, as that's the whole reason they wanted to use the hubs in the first place.
So now we've reduced a simple single Bitcoin transaction into two bitcoin transactions and reduced the lightning "network" into a single lightning "channel."  This does not seem like a win.  The users will either not use lightning, or they will demand the hubs do a dual-funded channel.  Which brings me back to the 1:1 capital costs of hubs.
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:30:36
@_date: 2017-06-23 00:20:22
There's no reason to have bitcoin be limited to house-and-car type fees on chain when running a node costs coffee levels.
The better approach is to have node operation costs be roughly equivalent to transaction fees.  If you divorce the two arbitrarily, you're not going to end up with house payments on bitcoin, you're going to have house payments in ethereum.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:06:19
Same here.  Bitcoin must move forwards even if all the trolls here don't understand what compromise means.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:35:07


Of course.
But there's no clear indications that Lightning can actually serve 10x higher, and even if it can at some point, it can't this year.  And even when it might be able to, it STILL needs a blocksize increase.


This road has no viable plans that we could actually depend on to solve the problem for us without increasing the blocksize in the next 2 years.
And even if everything I just said is proven wrong, it still doesn't address my core point that allowing unchecked $100+ transaction fees makes no sense when operating a node is arbitrarily kept to $5 a month.  Even if lightning works absolutely flawlessly, why should the ratio between transaction fees and node bandwidth costs not be discussed as exactly that - a ratio of relevant costs?
@_date: 2013-03-02 16:18:05
The company idea is workable.  Investors would do their research and know what the stock price tracks.   Happens all the time.
That said, getting listed onto a major exchange is quite an ordeal.  Pink sheets aren't as difficult, but still present the SEC hurdle.
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:07:12
I'm not sure, would need clarification on how the nodes calculate the timeout.  Even so, 15% of the hashrate would have the fastest confirmations at about 1 hour long and the effective blocksize even smaller than the other chain.
The real danger at 15% isn't your confirmations, it is that the miners will defect from UASF back to the other chain.  Then everything gets exponentially worse.  That and the lack of replay protection, meaning no exchange can safely accept the coins without jumping through a lot of hoops (that most users can't/won't do).
@_date: 2017-06-09 08:58:24
It is critical that those who can no longer afford even a single Bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a full node.  
@_date: 2017-06-11 08:13:03


Since when does "support" and "ready" have the same meaning?


That's hilarious because the USERS only support it 71% of the time when polled.  Oh wait you've confused support and ready again.


When paired with a compromise, yeah.  That's the nature of compromises.  None of those support UASFail


Because that's exactly what it is, that and highly unlikely to succeed.
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:43:22


That is what this article is saying, yes.  And a number of the core devs for that matter.
Despite this I have yet to get a single core dev or even intelligent response to pointing out that if blocksizes are not increased, transaction fees will begin costing more than a full order of magnitude more than running a node.  What is the point of arbitrarily making it cheap to run nodes when transaction fees cost ten to hundreds of times more?
No one runs nodes they can't afford to actually use; rising costs are an inescapable problem of Bitcoin growing in value, usage, and utility.  Node costs need to be evaluated in comparison to average transaction fees, not in comparison to arbitrary numbers.
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:53:13
Fascinating.  I'll have to read up on counterparty.  Did not know that.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:58:50




That entire guy's thread was full of shit.  Hopefully most people didn't buy into that.
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:47:26
Aaaand /thread
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:06:29
Bitcoin won't solve the last mile.
For a drug user, the process might be:
Cash -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; drug dealer -&gt; drug runner -&gt; druglord -&gt; drug farmer -&gt; local exchange -&gt; cash
Or cash -&gt; drug dealer -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; drug runner ...  Etc.
The main point is once the bitcoin reaches the drug farmer, it isn't really illegal transfer anymore.  In many countries where the drugs are farmed it either is legal, or there is simply not a lot of law enforcement, either way the cash transition at the end may end up easy.
Similarly drug lords can use it to exchange value between themselves without ever engaging local currencies.  I do not believe that we will ever divorce bitcoin from cash/local currencies for the vast majority of transactions, even bitcoin-based transactions.


You completely missed the main point of my thread.  There is no way to grow the value of the currency without a huge bubble crash.  Speculators will always cause it, and if they don't, some other speculator will.  It will always bubble crash until it levels out at a certain value.  But the problem is once it levels out at a certain value, it bitcoin becomes FAR MORE USEFUL to many people, and suddenly that leveld value is incorrect again!
tl;dr- get used to bubble crash.
@_date: 2017-06-05 06:51:42
They already did.  84% of miners signed on.
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:17:34


It hasn't because I'm an engineer, I work with large scale problems frequently, and I examined the blocksize scaling argument in detail with shitloads of real data to come to my conclusions.  The data gets ignored because people's minds are already made up.  My mind is open to being changed(I originally favored small blocks, vehemently, until the data proved to me that I was wrong), but none of the debate with them has done anything except convince me that some of the worst smallblocker trolls are core devs themselves.


That's not the point of disagreement with the larger community, where segwit also has strong consensus (but unfortunately, **not** enough to safely activate on its own).  The point of disagreement is that core believes segwit is the **only** scaling that is needed right now or for the near future, and they are convinced that unproven 2nd layer solutions will magically solve everything.  Meanwhile, I [can't get lightning proponents to answer why several disastrous attacks]( won't affect lightning.


Its not hard to have a node majority when you're basically the only game in town, and when [the core developers actively try to force competing clients]( to rely on code that allows core to continue defining all of the critical consensus rules.  I'm sure core cares a lot less about who uses their client and a lot more about who follows their consensus rules and scaling plan.
@_date: 2017-06-24 03:48:56


Funny how dealing with facts, data, and logic actually takes time eh?  Makes it really hard to shill your garbage to thinking people.
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:51:09
Not really.  It would definitely slow Bitcoin down, a lot, I can agree with that.  But Bitcoin is a global currency.  Its primary usefulness comes from a globally distributed fashion.  Even if the U.S. blocks large-scale transactions, other countries gradually will offer it, and the U.S. will continue to have smaller-scale transactions through localbitcoins.
Slow down?  Sure.  Kill?  Not unless they buy up ~12 million dollars of hardware.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:25:38
Hear that silicon valley people?  Get to contactin! :)
@_date: 2017-06-04 06:33:17
It is absolutely NOT cheap for the users that BIP148 needs most to jump on board.
BIP 148 needs miners.  Desperately - If at least 15% of the hashrate doesn't run BIP148 (not segwit, BIP148 specifically), the BIP148 chain **will not reach a difficulty change before its expiration.** (confirmed by [the official FAQ]( under "Wont blocks become...")
That means miners **have to gamble $800,000 dollars a day in mining losses towards the chain.**  Without them, BIP148 is doomed.
How many miners does BIP148 have right now?  About **$6,700 dollars a day of mining power.** ([0.12% of the hashrate]( currently).  If the BIP148 chain does not succeed, every miner who gambled with the users will lose their entire gamble.  The users lose nothing but a bit of time.
I'd love to see anyone disprove this. BIP148 is literally being gambled exclusively by the people with nothing at stake, but whom are expecting others to stake millions of dollars on *their* bet.
Edit: Tell you what Here's how you can make UASF a reality.  Get a bonded depository set up with a neutral arbitrator.  Deposit the funds necessary to pay miners to take the risks you are demanding of them.  Collect money from all of the UASFers.
If UASF succeeds, you get your money back and the miners keep the coins they mined on UASF and Jihan loses.  If UASF fails, pay the miners out of your deposits for taking those huge risks for you.  You're going to need to come up with 2.8 million dollars a day(51%), and have to keep doing it for at least 4 weeks, so that's 79 million dollars or 32,000 BTC.  No problem for the economic majority.
This is the only way a significant miner is going to risk his power bills and ROI for you.  Put up or shut up.
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:09:44
Please stop.  Everyone who isn't already a supporter is tired of it.
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:34:48


Almost no one has a 1gbps connection in their home today.  For the forseeable future, whether we like it or not, most nodes are run from a home, and it will take substantial time - and require very substantial justifications - for that to be phased out.
Further, the problem of bandwidth is not simply serving the dataset.  It is relaying and state updates.  The bitcoin network cannot hope to achieve perfect efficiency; Right now even with compact blocks we spend about 10x the blocksize in bandwidth.  You can see this for yourself; 1mb blocks = 4.383 GB per month of data, but running a node with pruning on and limited peers put me on track to consume about 50gb a month of bandwidth.  With pruning off and the default peers it was much, much worse; supporting syncing was pulling 1-2.5 TB a month of bandwidth.


I am making it the issue because it is the highest operational cost for nodes.  I'm not doing that because I have some political or hidden agenda for it, I'm doing that because that's where the math goes.  Hard drive costs today are only 1/6th of what bandwidth costs, and hard drive costs have been falling faster, for longer, and more consistently than bandwidth, in addition to having more future technological advances under development like DNA-strand based data storage.
Amoritized computer costs are even less than hard drive costs; An rPI today can still run a full node, and when they can't, used $200 desktops will be able to easily for some time.  Electricity costs of those computers are even lower than that - an rPI can run on 5 watts, and an 80-watt older laptop can easily handle much much larger blocksizes.


I highly doubt fiber has a 100-year old lifespan on average or even in extremes.  We have trouble making many things at all continue to function that that long.  Do you have link that indicates that it does?
Ultimately though, like it or not, home users can't be ignored that easily.  I'd love to agree with you and just use datacenter numbers and growth potential, but that is not the world we live in, and will take quite a few years to get to the point where we can consider that.
@_date: 2017-06-23 01:38:21
\* Without segwit this statement only applies to the largest 0.02% of transactions.
\*\* Under segwit-only this statement only applies to the largest 0.05% of transactions.
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:41:29
I came here to dowvote you... But turns out you you didn't post this to pin blame on someone just because you disagreed with them, or try to impugn the morals of "the other side."  Instead, you reminded us we're all in this boat together.
Have an upvote good sir.  Well said.
@_date: 2017-06-04 11:18:39
You said


And then you chopped off my quote.  I never said irrelevant, I only said they must be balanced in favor of lower transaction fees.  So you are of the opinion that I it is super critical that the people who can't afford to transact anymore can still afford to run a node?


Same reason the demanded it of BU.  The only way to guarantee what you described or even reasonably accomplish it is to mash post mined coins from the wrong fork into your transaction.  The average exchange would have trouble doing that reliably, but the average person would find it nearly impossible, and exchanges absolutely do not have support departments staffed and trained to help people get shitcoins deposited into the exchange for trading.  It isn't going to happen, so there will be virtually no trading without replay protection.
The only trading that does happen will be smart techies taking advantage of the rubes that Luke Jr fooled into following him into this shitstorm.
@_date: 2017-06-07 06:06:32
Because there's hundreds of reasonable conclusions that can be drawn from any given scenario.  Knowing true from false requires evidence and hard data.  Conspiracy theories only require that people knowingly or unknowingly repeat them over and over again.
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:19:55
Hard for competing ideas to rise to the top when they are removed from the discussion entirely.
@_date: 2017-06-08 17:14:10
[Statistics don't lie.](
@_date: 2017-06-02 18:57:15


There are many many many things that make that statement false.  In general, the only people NOT running bitcoin core are extremists who feel so strongly about the dispute that they will jump through the extra hoops, extra risks, and accept extra limitations for the sole point of making a statement.  That is not the average case or anywhere close to it.
That statistic would also include:
1. Businesses or individuals who are dependent upon the software functioning even if the thing they oppose is activated; They would run the software they dislike anyway because of the potential consequences.  This also makes "segwit ready businesses" an ineffective statistic to measure "segwit support" unless the business is clear about their position.
2. Uninformed participants, which make up a pretty significant portion of that statistic.
3. Un-opinionated participants, who really don't care about the details, bitcoin is bitcoin.  This could be as high as 74% based upon [this survey's results.](
4. Participants of the opinion/understanding that segwit won't be activating any time soon, and thus would rather have the benefits of running the most up-to-date software than taking a position on something that isn't happening soon.
5. Participants who have an opinion against segwit, but do not feel strongly enough, do not have the time to, or do not wish to jump through the additional hoops required to make a statement on the issue.
Those confounding variables make it virtually impossible to glean any useful information about the "support the activation of segwit" from the pool of "software that happens to have the ability to support segwit."
If that 96% statistic had any meaningful significance, there would be a correlation in other statistics and surveys like the ones I linked to.  There's not.  The survey that came out today placed it at 71% support out of 1112 responses - How do you get from 96% support to 71%?  You don't - you're misinterpreting the meaning of the 96% statistic.


These were BIP148 supporters trying to convince the core devs.  Why didn't they provide the data?  Why don't they have, or collect, the data?


It was explicitly asked for by one of the skeptical devs, asking the two BIP148 proponent devs.  The metric would have been totally relevant and important if it existed, and the BIP148 proponents could have easily guessed that such a metric would be needed or requested.  There is no excuse for them not providing data to back their claims.


FYI, I don't disagree with this, but there are other people that do, including smart, informed people.  It is possible to have a dissenting opinion on that without being a moron, shill, biased, or uninformed.


I truly think this is a red herring.  I tried to find evidence that this was occuring, for two weeks, and I failed.  It could be occurring, and it still needs to be fixed, but I don't believe it is necessary to explain Jihan's behavior nor anyone elses.  Supporting that conclusion, Jihan is now (maybe) publicly on board with blocking asicboost as a part of the segwit2mb compromise.  One can assume he's lying and it is a trick(like many people here) or they can question the assumption that asicboost is the only way to explain his actions.  Trust and understanding may get us to places where distrust and anger have not.


I don't believe anyone did what you're implying here.  Nearly all of them, on both the UASF side and the BU/bigger block side, are true believers in their cause from what I have seen.  They don't "want bigger blocks" and "hold things hostage to get them."  They believe that if we don't get bigger blocks, Bitcoin is certain to die.  I used to be a small blocker until I spent a month doing math to try to back my claims and discovered that blockchains can scale and fees can remain low to huge levels if we simply change how we look at the problem.  And I do believe there's a non-trivial chance that an altcoin will overtake and obliterate Bitcoin if we don't balance blocksize at least as well as the best altcoins do.


I'm afraid lightning is going to be a disaster for a time.  I've been raising technical objections to proponents here for months and have yet to get a single clear answer on why the attacks I described can't or won't happen.  Instead it gets downvoted and ignored.  It is a very bad sign.


These don't exist yet AFAIK, so they can't be counted on.


I don't know of people opposed to this, it just takes a lot of time to do carefully and transition smoothly, and it also is a flat percentage improvement, not an exponential gain.
Of all of the things you listed above, only lightning has any chance of helping drastically within the next few years.  But any objections or concerns about it get ignored and downvoted.  If Bitcoin bets everything it has on lightning solving a problem, and lighting fails, we might be fucked.  An altcoin that better balanced the risks and provided better solutions may overtake Bitcoin.  That's a big, big, big problem.  That risk is worth fighting over, it might even be worth reducing personal risk in Bitcoins over.  You're implying that all of the opposition to segwit must be a facade, but I think you haven't actually heard or understood the other side's concerns.  This is a side effect of their concerns being continually dismissed and derided by the masses in for the last two years when it wasn't an actual issue yet.  Yet now here we are, and more divided than ever(at least prior to segwit2mb).


It actually tells me a great deal.  It tells me right off that you are not a UASF extremist willing to push BIP148 at any cost, and that you most likely do more critical thinking than the extreme fringes on either side.  I checked your history; those statements seem to be correct.  I am not of the belief that all users are anti-segwit or pro-BU, only that there are significant differences and useful estimations and observations may be able to be teased out of the differences.
Moreover, the surveys and voting on Slush's pool help to refine the estimations from the subreddit differences, and help to ensure correlations across the other data sources.  I edited [the comment]( to add some about the survey that came out today, go check it - But my 15-25% estimate of supporting segwit + the majority of this sub works out to somewhere near the 71% recorded in the survey.  A 96% support claim as you made above would disagree with every other datapoint, and going from 71% to 96% is a huge, huge leap, not like simply adding 25% but rather it involves convincing 86% of the opposition to change sides.


Absolutely less valid, it is being mis-interpreted to mean something it does not mean or even correlate with.  The statistics from different sources should at least land close to each other; When they do not, something is very wrong with at least one of the statistics.
@_date: 2017-06-02 15:31:26
Damn I'm not very good at this am I?  Thanks lol
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:44:27


Its simple.  Compare the lowest cost of running a full node with the lowest cost of getting a transaction on-chain within a few hours.
The bandwidth to run a pruning node with 1mb blocks and a reasonable peer limit works out to around 50gb a month (I have measured this empirically to confirm).  That's about $6 in bandwidth a month, and far far less than even the lowest bandwidth caps applicable to broadband connections.  The other costs were small enough and scale better; Bandwidth controls.
Transaction fees reached $6 per tx on average briefly last week.  What is the point in arbitrarily keeping node operational costs low when people cannot afford to use that node to transact?
The data that I have seen indicates that the number of nodes increases as price increases; The data definitely shows a correlation between # of transactions increases and price increases.  On the other hand, the highest "fees might reach" I've seen from the small-block crowd is $100 per tx from Lombrozo.  That's hilariously laughable.  People laughed at me in January when I said it was not possible to keep transaction fees under $1 per tx long-term, but under $10 would be possible.  If the blocksize isn't increased and Etherem doesn't obliterate Bitcoin, $100 per tx is going to seem like pleasant dream.  Transaction fees will reach into the thousands during spikes within 2 years if blocksizes aren't increased, while node operational costs drop to ~$4 per month.  It is a market force with no limits and arbitrarily thinking that $100 is as bad as it could get shows a very poor understanding of economic forces.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:30:16


He clarified finally, no intentions to change that aspect of segwit, will still block asicboost as understood.
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:14:31


Businesses transact with eachother far more often than people transact with eachother or with businesses.  Bitcoin as an international currrency favoring high-value uses over low-value uses is more likely to be widely adopted by businesses before people.
The only way to untangle the discrepancy between what you said and what I said would be to look at the data; Either could be the more salient point.  The data available is sparse, but for on-chain transactions I pulled about 5-6 random blocks from the last 1000 and pulled percentiles for various points of their transaction value's (using Blockchain.info's estimated value transacted).  [That indicates that for Bitcoin]( &gt; 1btc is ~25% of transactions and 10% is ~7btc (also about the average).  For reference I also included the current lightning maximums.  To me, that distribution does not bode well for Lightning offloading 90% of transactions.
Bitcoin of course might (already) be biased towards higher value transactions, so we can look for data elsewhere.  I wasn't able to find percentiles or medians for worldwide transaction data, but I did find the [data for an average on the EU central bank's payments report]( as well as a vague breakdown between "retail" (~38 trillion EUR, ~50 billion txs) and "large value" (~1,700 trillion EUR, ~0.4 billion txs) payments.  Using the "retail payment systems" I get somewhere near 750 EUR per transaction average, but that's just for retail.  Adding the two together (I.e., if we tried to extrapolate to Bitcoin for future prediction?) I get an average of 35,000 EUR per transaction.
So while that EU data does show that while indeed the "small" transactions are 99% of the transactions, the "small" transactions are far larger(Nearly equal to the average rent payment in the U.S.) than your example or what I've heard most people envisioning for lightning.  More data that broke down what percentage of U.S. or worldwide transactions are &lt;$100 would be needed to really guess at this further, but I can't find any.


Yes, but then what?  The store cannot pay their vendors from their lightning channels, those are large, less frequent transactions.  Which means they have to close and reopen the lightning channels very frequently as they must take the funds out of the lightning network.  Funds leaving the lightning network put it at a net deficit, meaning the inputs (the users) must be refilled when they get paid.  And unless the hubs serving those businesses have an equal distribution of payee-customers and payer-customers(unlikely; Different usecases, different needs), they too will have to close and reopen their transactions frequently to refill them.
In theory the entire thing could be balanced and have the funds loop back to the end consumers who spend them at the store, but that requires nearly every business and person to be on Lightning first, and getting from where we are now to there is quite a monster of a challenge.  Even worse, that highly functional state is not the state you describe; If the use cases are separated, Lightning has the inflow and outflow problem.
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:38:07
I mean to be fair, luke-jr is, like, totally important enough that his opinion should count multiple times. :D
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:56:00


Blocks are 15 coins after fees; 15.5 roughly right now.
Fuck it, why not.  I'll buy the second block, but only if the block buying gets to 51% for more than a week, so 514 blocks minimum.


@_date: 2017-06-08 19:19:01


It is, but there are no other proven concepts.  Lightning might work, but it has some potential problems (unsophisticated users can lose bitcoins if they act as a chain intermediary but go offline at the wrong time), and vulnerabilities (flooding attacks against hubs or users) that no one seems to want to talk about.  And lightning itself needs major blocksize increases anyway even if it works perfectly.
But there's a different issue at hand.  Would you say it is a priority for the people who can no longer afford to send a single transaction to still be able afford to run a node?
That idea doesn't make any sense.  And already some people have confirmed it has cost them more to transact with Bitcoin since 2014 than it has cost to run a node.
Many of the costs associated with running a node can be mitigated *for the average user* with history checkpointing and a rapid sync based on known good utxo hashes.  The extreme minority who actually need the security of full from-genesis-block syncing should not force the entire rest of the network to pay higher fees on their behalf.  After we have that in place, we can scale quite a ways before home users have bandwidth problems.
And lastly, going back to the afford transactions vs afford nodes problem, if we think about node operational costs in terms of BTC per month instead of dollars per month, the entire problem evaporates; As Bitcoin's usage goes up, its price goes up.  As all of its users become more wealthy, all of its users can afford to continue to run full nodes to their hearts content.  New users can easily begin using Bitcoin using SPV nodes and services like Electrum, as is already necessary for cell phones.  And everyone wins.
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:43:09
Exactly.  BU proponents spinning incorrect tales about how segwit is bad is harmful, and so are conspiracy theories about miners.  We all sink or we all swim together.
@_date: 2017-06-22 23:39:31
It isn't bad for anyone to be informed, of course.
They should also know that without segwit2x, segwit-only didn't have enough consensus to get over the finish line.  It wasn't just blocked by one guy, it caused many core developers to abandon ship and it didn't even have 80% of polled users supporting it, the minimum "consensus" target set by core.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:59:25
Another implementation that has no chance of getting consensus.  Segwit2mb is the only hope in 2017. :(
@_date: 2017-06-06 20:45:24




The importance of these two can't be overstated.  The truth is Jihan and BU really really *wanted* to do something.  But they couldn't, they weren't willing to risk fucking up Bitcoin either even as mad as core/blockstream made them.  Acting without overwhelming consensus leads to disaster; That's why [Segwit with 71% support in polls]( is still not enough to smoothly activate - It needs to be 90%.
Segwit2mb does appear to have a serious chance of success.  Here's hoping.


Fees absolutely matter.  There's a tradeoff being made between node operators and transaction fees.  On the one extreme you have the people who understand Bitcoin to be trustless above any usability concerns and feel nodes must be run by the person using the node.  On the other extreme you have the concern that people who can no longer afford a single Bitcoin transaction will not care that they can afford to run a node.
Both concerns have valid points.  A balance between decentralization/security and practical usability must be struck.  If an altcoin strikes that critical balance better than Bitcoin does, eventually it will overtake Bitcoin, and then the price will not be $300/coin, much less $3000 per coin.
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:02:26


No trading site supports it and it is almost certain that none will.  [They didn't bother to include replay protection]( so that people could safely transact on their fork without also transacting on the main chain.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:08:13
The problem is trust.  Bitcoin doesn't exist as physical property, it isn't recognized by any government, and has all sorts of ownership proof implications.  People can steal Bitcoin with almost no recourse.  And have done so, repeatedly, hundreds of times.  MtGox doesn't have a monopoly because MtGox is awesome or the oldest exchange.  They have a monopoly because they have earned trust.
It would require an immense amount of community trust to open such a bank.  Something a startup is going to acquire very, very slowly.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:58:27
Heh, I didn't realize it was one guy from a "Microsoft open source" project.  That's kinda funny.  I'll have to spot check the rest and see how bad the statistic really is.
@_date: 2017-06-14 18:00:03


This is a terrible, terrible thing for the core developers to do.  It is being rejected purely because of the biases that core developers have that are not present in the wider community.
Core is practically dooming Bitcoin by rejecting the only proposal with any hope of actually achieving consensus scaling.  But that works out well for you and luke-jr who both want smaller blocks or no blocksize increases, doesn't it?
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:27:32
Also adding to that, even the BIP148 FAQ states that it needs a significant percentage of miners to support it (despite "user" activated soft fork and "fullnodes are the only ones who matter") and most likely needs 51% of the miners.
Despite that, [miner support is at 00.12% \(0.0302 slush vote% * 0.038 slush%\)]( and unfortunately the [percentage of users supporting it went down since yesterday](
@_date: 2017-06-04 11:03:20


Agreed, I really hoped they would balance out bitmain. :/
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:22:12
What's it like to live in a fantasy world?
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:42:26


Correct, but there's no point in treating node bandwidth costs as if they are the only cost.  Transaction fees are a cost of using Bitcoin just as much as bandwidth; The two costs must be balanced.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:28:50


That's not even an issue.  Nearly every miner supports bigger blocks, they just disagree with how to do that.  Moreover, the real problem UASF has is that miners must gamble everything being on the winning fork.  UASF talks like a reorg wipeout is a threat to miners.  That would be true if UASF was approaching 45% of the hashpower.  Since it absolutely is not, the threat of chain abandonment and/or stalling is far far worse, to the point where no miner is going to risk half a million dollars a day on a non viable chain.
Further regarding  the real issue is that users are most likely to be stuck on a stalled chain that is unusable.  Switching back isn't too hard, because the users are putting nothing on the line in the first place, which is why UASF can't get miners to make that bet for them.
@_date: 2013-03-22 05:49:53
Actually, currently no one has come up with a quantum computing algorithm that can do any better than the square root of the bit space.  Fortunately for us, the square root of SHA256 is SHA128, which is still unbreakable.  It is unlikely that quantum computers themselves would immediately endanger bitcoin; But more quantum algorithms may be created, as the field is pretty much theoretical right now.
@_date: 2017-06-24 03:28:41


I think you got confused by my explanation.  I wasn't making arguments, I was explaining to the guy who asked what the debate really comes down to.  Regardless...


I don't think you understand the choice that is being made or presented.  The choice that you are describing is simply not an option for Bitcoin, unless you make Bitcoin into a third rate altcoin that no one cares about anymore, with the price crash that would come with that.  Here's why:
If you do nothing and do not scale Bitcoin, it can only support 0.02% of the world's global transaction volume(0.05% with segwit-only).  Bitcoin selects for the highest value transactions which means any of the non-corporate, non-wealthy users you seem to be describing will be priced out of using Bitcoin **looong** before they ever get the chance to even try it.
If you scale Bitcoin on Lightning, that requires users to directly connect and exchange balances with peers; A large-scale government sybil attack on that system could not only get a user's balances associated with an IP, it could see and trace every transaction across the network in real time even when the users thought it was private.  It might even be able to block transfers at will or lock up channel funds for an extended period of time.  And that only applies for the small transactions that can fit on lightning.  Lightning itself will struggle without major blocksize increases, as channels have to compete with many other things.
If you scale Bitcoin with blocksizes, at least consumers would get a choice of different light client services and SPV wallets, and could gain privacy by using different providers less likely to be tied to governments or sharding their balance requests / saturating them with address checks that aren't actually theirs.
If you don't scale Bitcoin at all but somehow avoid it becoming CorporateWealthyCoin, a different altcoin will overtake Bitcoin and the value will crash - because people can actually use it.  Bitcoins will be worth $50 again or less and no one will give a fuck what is done with them, just like they don't give a fuck what people do with dashcoins or litecoins.  People only care about the winners.


A social graph of like almost no people because it can't scale isn't much of a social graph.  Sorry, that's the cold hard reality.


If no one can use it, it isn't money.  So it doesn't really matter who controls it.  If only a tiny number of people can use it, it isn't going to change the world, its going to get a few lines in a history book before introducing the coin that actually did change the world.  I don't make the rules of the game, but these are the rules.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:58:52


The code indicates that it does force a signal for BIP141.


It isn't blackmail.  It is an attempt to get the consensus that segwit alone could not.  [Polled user segwit support is only 71%]( Not enough to hit the consensus targets that have been set by nearly every party.


Several others are working on this, and the progress is ahead of schedule.
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:19:11


You're supporting fullhistory syncing.
While helpful, that isn't necessary for Bitcoin to thrive; Very very very few people need the security of full history syncing from the genesis block.  There are already several proposals for UTXO hashing that can sync from a "known good" state compiled into the software.
Several altcoins already have this working and proven as well.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:18:02
FYI, according to [the BIP148's own FAQ]( BIP148 is reliant on miners to determine how long it will take to reach the first difficulty adjustment.  **Without at least $800,000 dollars a day of hashpower**, or about 15% of the miners, BIP148 won't even be able to reach the first difficulty adjustment before expiration.
So the "user" activated soft fork is dependent on nearly a million dollars a day of mining power materializing between now and August 1.  **So far it has $6,700 dollars of mining power a day.** ([0.12% of the hashrate]( currently).
Before anyone claims it, Bitfury has **not** said they will support BIP148, they only mined a single block signal.  On the contrary, Bitfury signed the segwit2mb agreement which is almost certainly going to conflict with BIP148 on schedule alone.  Even if Bitfury did, Bitfury has only 6.25% of the hashrate, not enough to get BIP148 to the first difficulty adjustment in time.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:34:15
Its fine, several members of core have explicitly stated they are fine with you paying higher fees so that people who can't afford to transact anymore can still afford to run a node.
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:15:47
Hong Kong 2016.  They were invited and refused to come.
@_date: 2017-06-23 01:34:00


No, it literally does not do this.  "non colocated mining operations" do not solo mine, hell not even most large scale mining farms can actually solo mine.  Mining devices regardless of facility size utilize stratum to contact poolservers and get work headers; These work headers do not change based on blocksize, and thus these small miners are **not affected**.
The poolservers are affected.  To continue processing $150 million dollars a month of mining revenue, they might possibly have to spend $1000 on an upgrade every few years.  All 20 of them.  Oh wait, what am I saying, that's a disaster how will Bitcoin ever be the same again!?!?
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:59:55


Oh, so we should use what, exactly, to forecast future growth?  Happy fun feelings?  "Expert" (aka non-economist programmer) guesses?  Historical data is the best predictor we have by far.


Yes, it is definitely super important to make sure that the people who can no longer afford even a single Bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a full node!
This isn't hypothetical; a full node can be run for about $6-12 a month.  Tx fees at this moment are $3.5 for inclusion within the day, and two weeks ago they reached $6 on average for the day.


It buys us $8000 per BTC and prevents or at least delays the flippining.


And the U.S. government needs to stop wasting money.  But right here, right now, the decision at hand is node operational costs versus transaction fees.  2 transactions a month on weekdays now costs more than running a full node for the entire month.  Clearly something is wrong with this picture.
@_date: 2013-05-12 21:19:57
The whole point of a dedicated wallet-secure device is that you install *nothing* on it that might compromise the system.  Anything useful is going to have other apps installed on it that could compromise your whole wallet.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:34:21
"Coffee transactions" are a mis-characterization of the debate.
There should be no doubt among rational people that blockchains cannot possibly scale to handle all possible transactions of any possible size; People will just make smaller transactions and just use the blockchain to store random data.  Indeed, this very thing has happened in Bitcoin's past.
The debate and issue revolves around "**How many transactions CAN we fit on blockchains.**"  Similarly, it also revolves around "**What is the proper balance between high transaction fees and high node bandwidth costs?**"
A segwit-only Bitcoin blockchain can only handle 210 million transactions a year, **which is 0.05% of** [**2015's worldwide legacy transactions**](  If Bitcoin is truly going to matter in world finance over the long term, as most of us hope it will, then that means that the transactions Bitcoin will include will be **ONLY the most valuable 0.05% of the world's transactions**.  Think for a moment about how incredibly huge that cutoff must be... Hundreds of thousands transferred, or millions maybe?  And then think about what a bidding war on fees might lead to for such high value transactions to be included.  A thousand dollar transaction fee is not a big concern on a million dollar transaction.  And million dollar transactions are not going to go on Lightning, ever, they could not find a route.  So now lightning channel opens/closes have to compete with million dollar transactions for inclusion, as well as closes, balance refilling transactions, and lightning fraud settlements.
That's assuming those and all other transactions don't simply move to a different altcoin entirely and Bitcoin becomes a third-rate cryptocurrency.  But if it doesn't, and/or if Bitcoiners wish to avoid having Bitcoin fail, it makes no sense to restrict Blocksize to the point where nodes can be operated for $5 a month but transacting costs $2,000 per tx.  This isn't just hypothetical hyperbole; Bitcoin transaction fees already passed month-long node operational costs for a day, about two weeks ago.  [Transaction fees today are back above $3.3 per tx]( right on schedule for a weekday.  Back when segwit itself was first being discussed,[ a chart was made that stated]( *"(We dont expect fees to get as high as the highest seen in this table; they are just provided for reference.)"*  That was with $1-2 fees per tx!!  With segwit-only based on our previous [transaction growth \(+80%/yr\),]( blocks will be full again within 10 months!
Nor is it sufficient to expect Lightning to solve this problem, even if it worked perfectly.  With segwit-only blocks, every person in America couldn't even open a lightning channel in a year, and **that's assuming that those people don't have to compete with channel closes, fraud settlements, or high-value transactions that can't fit on lightning!**  Moreover, Bitcoin is bigger than just America; Every person in the world couldn't even open and close a channel once *in their entire lifetime*.
The answer is simple; Node operational costs must trend toward some proportion of transaction fee costs, and the majority of new users will simply start out using light clients and SPV wallets.  The alternative for them is to simply not use Bitcoin at all, and in that case - we **all** lose regardless of which side of this debate you are on.  Existing users can continue to run a node for as long as they want; Bitcoin price increases for anyone with more than 0.3 BTC will easily pay for fullnode operation at any scale for the rest of their life.
This doesn't mean coffee transactions; A transaction fee between $1-$2 is quite acceptable and may be unavoidable.  But paying even $100 for a transaction fee when running a node costs $5 is just foolish, and that's where segwit-only is headed.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:45:47


[Citation needed]
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:39:56


You do realize that basically none of the core devs that you're referring to now were around in 2013, and none of them were around in 2011, and No "core dev" created this, right?  Unless you think gmaxwell is satoshi?


Which is why the current core devs totally didn't co-opt the development that existed from 2010 to 2015...  Oh shit they did and Garzik, Hearn and Andresen WERE forced out.


You do realize that Bitcoin wasn't on Github originally, right?  I guess you probably didn't realize that.


Mysql.  Openoffice.  Mozilla.  Drupal.  Java.  Even the C++ development team has completely revamped and changed directions entirely in recent years.
Bitcoin may not keep the same repository or development structure if the core devs declare war on the miners by refusing to support segwit2x or the +2mb hard fork.  The core devs might win the war, who knows.  The miners might have infighting or back down.  But if the core devs go to war and lose, the development process will never be the same again.  Bitcoin may never be the same again.  Sorry if you don't like it.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:45:11




This is because the public process has failed us.  Almost everyone agrees that major changes to bitcoin(which includes segwit) needs at minimum 80%, if not 90 or 95% of consensus.  Segwit has 33% of the miners and only 71% of polled users.  That is not enough for consensus.  Something else must be done.


This is bad logic, sorry.  Blocksizes are not a pure engineering problem.  They are an economic problem, a game theory problem, and they have an array of complicated inputs and consequences that are definitely not well understood, and have no data showing the clear path forward.
Core has asserted themselves as the arbiters, and have asserted it as an engineering problem.  Even if it were primarily an engineering problem, Bitcoin is a **consensus system**, and consensus systems require compromises and agreements.  The real world is taking the steps that are necessary because Core refused to, wrongly.


This is a legitimate point, but with Ethe. approaching 88% of the market cap of Bitcoin and the exchanges blasting everyone for the lack of action(while activating Ethe. trading!), things are getting desperate.  Not to mention that a shitload of people from this-subr  accuse Jihan of stalling anytime he takes a shit.


Core has asserted, completely without data, that users do not want this.  When asked for data, the only data provided is the fact that the users are running core, which [as I've said elsewhere]( is basically the only game in town, a status quo that core has worked very hard to maintain their grip on.


No evidence that it won't, either.


I.e, because of the desperation caused by the years of delays, infighting, and baseless accusations.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:40:20


Plus running a core node != supporting segwit.  It isn't a vote in any meaningful sense of the word, yet it is regularly taken as one.
@_date: 2017-06-12 15:37:04
Bitcoin is a network effect system.  No network effect, no bitcoin.
Bitcoin is only letting the alts take over because 1. Core refuses to compromise even though the miners already have with each other 2. Core is driven mainly by small block libertarians who don't believe that what ethereum is doing today is actually possible.  They would rather arbitrarily keep blocks small so that people can run nodes at home and risk ethereum/alts take over the entire market than take the obvious necessary steps to fix the problem.
@_date: 2013-03-28 17:17:09
Twas a joke...
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:29:46


So just like BU thought.
Just like when every exchange said to BU, "We can't include your coin without ACTUAL replay logic because normal users can't actually transact with us in any reasonable fashion.  Sorry."
BU was looking at that point like they might even have 51% of the hashrate or more before forking.  So you expect the exchanges to bend over backwards to cater to your chain that will get one block per _**[WEEK]( so they can list your shitcoin?
The only people jumping through those hoops to trade your shitcoin are going to be people trying to take advantage of all of the supporters you have duped into buying this.




Name any group of miners that will mine UASF that will even get you to 5% of the hashrate and link me to their public statements to that effect.  I'll wait.
Edit: Still waiting...
Edit edit: Luuuke???
Edit edit edit: Helloooo?
@_date: 2017-06-02 06:44:06
! What miners do we have on the UASF team!?
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:11:59


Ignorance is bliss.  Trolling is easier than understanding.  Have fun with those.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:38:51


Like, the same guys who made Bitcoin since 2010/2009?  Those guys with virtually zero experience?
Do you even have any idea what you're talking about?
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:42:13


If blocks are 10gb then that means Bitcoin is processing 10.5 trillion transactions a year.
That's 24x higher than the total worldwide non-cash transactions in 2015.  If we somehow did get to that point, that would mean that essentially every person on the planet is now using Bitcoin **and** that Bitcoin has nearly killed off cash transactions worldwide.
If that were the case, there's no way that only miners would be running node.  Every large corporation would have to run nodes for their own use, and node verifications would be provided as a service to users, as they should be to offset their costs.
Also, nearly every single person in this thread would be wealthy enough to retire comfortably, and Satoshi would be the richest man to have ever lived if he kept his wallets.
Stick to realistic examples, please.  [I challenge you to debate me on the numbers.](  Your point here, and the intention behind it is not completely wrong, but you've got the math twisted in your head.  Lets discuss the math and really settle it out.
@_date: 2013-03-23 01:05:13
Or he could see if someone else can word it differently/approach it differently to do a better job.
No need to be a prick.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:49:06
And mini-rigs are useless for anything except Bitcoin mining.  This was clearly intended to be a Bitcoin-based investment to earn more Bitcoins, not an investment cash out and earn cash a year later.
@_date: 2013-04-28 04:52:23
I'm interested to know the laws regarding this from anyone with legal experience.
From everything I have seen so far, it isn't illegal under any current law, and without a law no agency can take action against Bitcoin itself.  They can, however, apply AML standards to anyone and everyone who is moving large sums of money through Bitcoin to cash through any means- Perhaps including merchants, or perhaps stopping short of Bitpay as a merchant boundary.
For reference, e-gold got shut down because it was explicitly being used to launder more than $40,000 a week, and the owners did not follow any AML requirements or get regulatory approval as money exchangers(A requirement for any exchange or individual that buys and sells large amounts of bitcoins).  As far as I can tell, e-gold itself isn't illegal.
The liberty dollar got shut down because they made it look like US dollars, and they also gave it markings in a US dollar denomination on the coin.  There is also a law that prohibits the use of valuable metals(gold/silver/etc) as a currency, and this was enough to deem the liberty dollar being in violation of the Constitution's declaration that only the US government can mint money for the united states(among other laws on the books).
None of those apply to Bitcoin, except perhaps casscius coins.  They aren't made of valuable metals, they do not have a significant resemblance to US dollar mintings, they do not claim to be a United States Currency.
As far as making it illegal, I'm not sure how they could justify such a law.  If they claimed that currencies not backed by a country are not transactable, any small country like Sealand(which has questionable legality for sure, but perhaps enough for this) denominating their currency in it would throw that into question.  It also makes Amazon coins problematic among other things.
If they made a law that U.S. merchants transacting with U.S. citizens must transact in USD, that would throw a lot of in-use actions off, like Amazon coins, linden dollars, Boston's local currency, etc.  And worse, US citizens buying things from amazon.co.uk for example.
If they tried to make the sale of physical goods require USD, that opens up possibilities for virtual goods as well as the above problems.
If they tried a heavy handed AML regulatory approach, that won't prevent anything when the big dogs like brokerages get involved- they already have to deal with huge AML restrictions.  If they tried to apply AML restrictions to Bitcoin *transactions* they'd be in a world of trouble.  Since Bitcoin is so difficult to trace, a simple blockchain history check and a check against a known "tainted bitcoin" database would probably absolve transmitters of responsibilities, at which point Bitcoin is basically legal.
If they declared that all virtual currencies must have a central issuing authority who follows certain restrictions, the Bitcoin Foundation might be able to step up and claim that role without changing any of the technical properties.  This might be their best and only option- Does anyone see any other ways such a law might be fought?
This is probably the single biggest issue facing the bitcoin world, so I am **REALLY** eager to hear other's thoughts and research on the matter.
@_date: 2017-06-08 02:55:52


What facts indicate any of this??!?
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:33:07
[ETH/ETC had to build in replay protection](
So you are right, without replay protection, it would not work, just like it did not with ETH/ETC.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:47:22


Most of the reasoning for this, among its sane proponents anyway, is that Lightning must stand on its own as an option, not as a required feature that everyone must begin using or else they can't use Bitcoin anymore.
Moreover, lightning [needs blocksize increases to succeed](  There's no reason that high node operational costs should be treated as the only risk of growth; Node operational costs and transaction fees must be balanced, regardless of Lightning's success or failure.  If Lightning does prove able to offload huge percentages of the transactions, then blocksizes can be easily decreased with a soft fork, and doing so would benefit miners anyway.
@_date: 2013-05-21 00:05:21
I want to see Zhou Tonged's performance that I heard about.  Anyone have a link?
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:45:53


None of that number are signaling for UASF.
Even if every single one of them were, they would be the minority chain and defect almost immediately or risk bankruptcy.
@_date: 2017-06-10 07:04:24
Man I can't wait for August 1st.  I'm gonna need me buckets of popcorn for all the UASFer tears.
@_date: 2017-06-23 08:41:04


So basically, we can't measure it, and we can't prove it, and we can't actually see it, but TRUST US, IT IS THERE GUYS.


Now imagine that the fees are $50 per transaction, AND there are altcoins that have wide enough adoption to provide the same service for $1.


For 8 years it has been.  That does not mean it will continue to be for 8 years, especially since Etheruem just got onto 3-4 serious exchanges this year and is only 3 years old.
@_date: 2017-06-13 00:37:02


I have an idea for this, though my last proposal fell kinda flat so I haven't really pushed it (like you said, everyone just wants to talk about blocksteamcore vs jihanver).  If both miners and transactions were given a vote, especially if the vote were required, for blocksize.  Only blocks' votes would count (to simplify the code) **but** blocks would not allowed to include transactions that voted for a blocksize substantially different from their own vote.
This would split the groups into two factions that vote with their money, and two(or more) fee markets where miners may be able to earn higher fees by aligning their votes with the desires of the users, and users who vote against the miners have to pay higher fees/confirmation times to do so.
It doesn't involve the constant softfork garbage of EC because it is deterministic.  It would be market driven, but would not ignore miners input either.  To further boost it, the developers could apply a restriction where no step in BS growth could advance any faster than 60% per year or any slower than 15% per year, or something to that effect.  So the devs would get coded restrictions, the users would get votes, and the miners would be the final checks and balances.
The only problem is the core devs all favor a coded restriction that is far tighter than what either the miners or the users would vote for.


Fair enough.  The rest of what you said seems to be like what I thought years ago.


Yep, needs much data.  We have little. :(
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:06:12




I don't even... Do you... I mean... Are you for real!?!?
@_date: 2017-06-23 01:04:55


I didn't say this, but even if lightning works perfectly as touted, it still doesn't change the point I made.  Why should opening/closing/refilling channels cost house-type transaction fees when node costs are at coffee fee levels?  Opening a channel could be done for a fraction of the cost for every bit of added node cost, and then everyone wins.
Despite this, lightning has numerous flaws that are likely to limit how much it can scale bitcoin.  [Here's]( a short summary and [here's]( more detail.  I think it could do 2x scaling for it maybe, but that's not going to solve our scaling problems.


Yes, and I've measured it and calculated many trends based upon it and our historical growth trends.  The problem is the massive amount of bandwidth that goes towards syncing from genesis, 30x the normal use bandwidth.  This is an easily fixable problem; most successful altcoins have a fast syncing algorithm using hashed utxo state and those approaches are well proven with several variations.  Syncing from genesis should be optional for those who need that level of security, not something that holds back the entire ecosystem. Somehow, according to gmaxwell and other core developers, this hasn't been a priority.  This is despite gmaxwell claiming just a few weeks ago that sync time and bandwidth issues were a bigger user complaint than transaction fees.  Something doesn't add up about that story.


Does it take a genius to understand that the refusal to compromise has increased altcoin market share by 500% in only 5 months and dropped bitcoin's dominance from 90% to 40%?


This is false and is only spread by people who have absolutely no idea how large scale mining really works.  The cost of running the highest bandwidth most powerful node possible is a tiny tiny fraction of the cost of running even a minimal large scale mine.  Mining devices only process block headers, they are not affected by blocksizes at all.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:58:48
I have.  Nodes don't signal for segwit, you and everyone else who quotes that statistic don't seem to understand the different between "support" and "ready".  UASF nodes could be called "support", so 10%.  Regular nodes are simply "ready" and make no further statement on the matter.  "Support" businesses round out to only 50%.  When actual users are polled, the support is only 71%.
Find some real statistics on the support.  The numbers aren't nearly as rosy as you have been told.  That's why segwit isn't active and that's why UASF is about to fall flat on their face.
@_date: 2017-06-07 03:01:07


Compromises are the only way to get that.  UASF are seeking a contentious split. :/
@_date: 2017-06-03 21:32:05


Almost none of the core devs are comfortable with a 71% fork, and few of other people.  EthC is still around with only 10% of Ethereum, and everyone derides it for that fork.
@_date: 2017-06-23 01:26:39


Segwit was only a compromise among the core developers, and only after they had driven the big blockers to quitting, silenced them, or ignored them entirely.  The actual compromise between the rest of the community is segwit2x, and plenty of people are unhappy with it on both sides.
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:32:25


Can average people use it to transact with whomever they want to transact with?  If not, it isn't functional.  Lightning right now is not only not usable on mainnet, if it were it would be limited to 0.04 BTC transactions at most.
That's less than 10% of Bitcoin transactions.  If lightning were even out of testing, which it is not.
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:52:09
It looks like he jumped the gun on the assumption, but if not, almost all support for the compromise would evaporate.
Edit: He confirmed that it will continue to block asicboost as segwit already would.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:50:40


Unfortunately it isn't.  UASF can't get a ticker and can't be traded because they didn't bother to [include replay protection](  This was the same thing the exchanges told to BU - No replay protection = it simply isn't practical for us to trade your coin safely.
@_date: 2013-06-14 18:33:34
That isn't necessarily true, because AM has proven they make smart decisions, smarter even than both competitors.  However, the 24% evaluation comment is completely wrong.
@_date: 2013-06-17 16:37:21
On the testnet.
*(For great justice!)*
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:28:52
I asked a few days ago and dug into this question.  Bitcoins do not appear to be currently illegal by U.S. law, except the physical form that resembles a U.S. coin.  They could make it illegal, but passing a law takes months, would give our lobbyists(who by this time might be prodigious) time to fight back, and would take months to enact.  The price would definitely drop, but they can't kill it, they can only slow it down.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:54:19


If the remaining chain didn't have enough miners to be viable and the economic majority followed the hardfork.
I wonder how much UASFers are going to be screaming about the economic majority when 84% of the miners fork off to 2mb, the remaining 15% follow within hours, and the users and exchanges follow them.  It'll be ALL ABOUT THE NODES then, not the economic majority!
@_date: 2017-06-20 23:18:40


I mean, they literally have come out and said why they oppose segwit, but sure lets go with "unknowable!"
@_date: 2017-06-04 06:42:28
Btw, I've called them out here:
We'll see what they have to say.  I can't imagine that the fork isn't doomed by the huge risks it is asking of miners.
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:24:46
I said:


Which is true.  Numerous core devs who are typically regarded as the leaders, who all advocate for roughly the same positions, and who only a handful actually have commit privileges, have said this.
Naming names like you want is how feelings get hurt and people get removed from sub
@_date: 2017-06-21 08:01:12
Pruned nodes can be run for 50gb/month today.
@_date: 2017-06-21 08:18:26
It's worth noting that the asicboost parent was filed within days of the s7 chip's verification, and also that the s7 tape out date would have been very close to or prior to the initial publication date of Sergio and Timo's patent.  It seems to me that bitmain could not have been aware of Sergio/Timo's patent.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:37:38




Dude, you rock.  If we could just get enough people to be more informed and have them place their opinions with an understanding of the tradeoffs involved, this would be solved pretty quickly.  BU would die off and so would UASF, and Bitcoin would take a great leap forward.
Keep it up, and feel free to tell me to stfu if you see me taking my comments too far, I know sometimes I do.  I respect you and will listen. :)
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:31:30


Right you are, [fully agreed](  But that wasn't the context in which you answered.  Your answer directly implied that BIP148 had something to do with the security or lack thereof of coins in an exchange that did not support BIP148 on flag day.
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:35:36
Just remember guys, it is critical to ensure that the people who can no longer afford a single bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a node!
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:57:05


Note, that's on top of having to be online all the time to receive any payments, and Lightning not being usable for large payments due to no route being available.  I didn't list the well-known downsides.


8 million people wouldn't.
6 attackers would.  Channels != people.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:30:34


This is false.  The risk to centralizing [nodes is low to negative]( the risk [to centralizing miners is nil]( and the [impact is far lower]( than you implied.
If you have facts and data to back this, I'm open to being proven wrong, but nothing I have found indicates that blocksize increases pose a threat in any way.  If anything, allowing the cost of transactions to rise and arbitrarily keeping node operational costs down is far, far more centralizing.  It will simply lead to the wealthiest 0.05% and mega-corporations being the only ones who can afford to use Bitcoin.


There's no evidence of this happening, the miners in China didn't even agree on Segwit vs BU, or on classic's proposed increase, much less anything else.
@_date: 2017-06-18 04:53:16


Schnorr signature code is both written and tested for Bitcoin specifically?  Source for this claim?


Moreover, my reply was specific to blocks being full again next January.  Lightning won't even be ready for wide use by that point, but there at least is a version of lightning on testnet now.  So now you're telling me that Schnorr signatures will be written, tested, deployed, and usable within 7 months?
That doesn't pass the smell test.


No I'm not.


Not any more than other solutions.  Segwit only allows/enables those things because of the malleability fix.  The malleability fix was already needed, and there are many other ways that it could have been done, including better ways it could have been done.  Those better ways weren't picked because the fix was included with segwit, and because segwit could be done without breaking old clients.


Again, this is really just the malleability fix, which could be and would be done any number of ways.  And none of those layers, including Lighting, are complete, tested, and proven.  None of them will be usable on a very large scale within 7 months.


You're acting like an excited child who doesn't actually understand what he's talking about.  The things introduced by segwit could easily be introduced by any hardfork, and a fix for malleability (the main one) would almost certainly be included in any hardfork.  Actually, it WAS included in btc clasic(btcclas .com/devel/Malleability.html), in very nearly the same fashion.


I'm actually so glad that you said this, as it helped me [with a discussion]( I was having with someone else about Lightning's risks.  Regardless, I'm going to say it bluntly: If you believe Lightning is somehow going to support 30,000x the transactions that the Blockchain supports, you're [in for a very bad time]( and you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.








The irony of classic actually including a malleability fix and being attempted two years ago just makes this that much funnier.  Regardless, no one(here, anyway) is discussing a "riskier HF option that gives 2meg blocks and nothing else," least of all me.  I support segwit and segwit2x.  The thing you are railing against, [literally the topic of this thread]( is segwit2x.  Somehow you've changed the segwit2x argument into "Risky HF that gives 2mb blocks and nothing else, not even a malleability fix" that "I want to try"?  Bravo man.  Bravo.  I cannot do mental gymnastics as well as you, I shall not lie.
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:10:54
What they are describing couldn't really happen.  If there is a crisis and the yuan starts to plummet, the Bitcoin holders in China and on yuan-denominated exchanges would pull their sells and the price denominated in yuan would skyrocket.  The price denominated in USD would not change... Until the yuan holders started to exchange their yuan for USD, and then buy the USD Bitcoins from USD-traders.  But in that case, the yuan would still plummet vs the dollar and the bitcoin rise would be much less dramatic in USD.
Moreover, that rise would be warranted- If people flee one fiat government backed currency for Bitcoins, that means *bitcoins are worth more!*
If the Bitcoin holders then did a large en-masse sell for some other reason it could cause a shift, but that isn't any different than currency shifts that happen now anyways.  And day traders in high volumes would be there to even out the movements.
@_date: 2013-07-05 02:34:14


Well, it is.  Unless Satoshi's wisdom about transaction fees eventually making up the difference for miners comes true.  Right now, its only a little less than ~1btc or so per block.  AM believes that by the next block halving, it will be much more substantial.  Maybe they are right, maybe they are wrong.  But as a percentage of block reward, transaction fees are definitely going to be worth more as time goes on, so it isn't exactly fixed.
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:58:56
I think you are mistaken about what Bitcoin can do and what can be done about it.
The 7 transactions per second is a relatively physical limitation.  It can't be arbitrarily increased(much), since the entire network must maintain a record of every transaction for all time.  Quite simply put, blockchain space is valuable, and eventually will be expensive.  You could demand that miners simply accept lower and lower fees so long as we haven't maxed out, but that also won't work as miners eventually won't accept it.
Moreover, Bitcoin's potential is staggering as a store of value and a vehicle for high value transactions.  The fast settlement, non-scaled costs(Storing/Transferring 1BTC costs the same as 100, 1000, or 10000 BTC), worldwide scope, and lack of government/other influence means it will eventually be used for large value transfers/stores into the hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars.  It may even replace the dollar as the baseline currency other currencies are measured against, fulfilling a role gold and the dollar have shared for ~50 years.
What all this means is that since blockchain space is valuable and scarce, and Bitcoin is likely to be used for high value transactions...
1. Bitcoin will have a high value because it must to fulfill that potential(*).
2. Bitcoin will not support micro transactions on the main chain in the long run.  It will likely eventually push small time / daily purchases off the chain and be used exclusively for larger transactions(&gt; $1k equivalent today).
I believe that a non-hacked Bitcoin will reach a high value simply because at every stage of growth it will support more and more utility, and speculators will push each stage of growth to the next one.  (*) Once Bitcoin reaches $X billion global value, it starts to be useful for small-to-midsize companies.  Almost immediately companies begin working on(or are founded to work on) adding solutions and infrastructure to support the new value.  Once it gets the infrastructure necessary to support services and conversions(like are being built now) it can actually be used by $X size companies and individuals.
What this means is that Bitcoin will never, and can never, see slow organic growth.  It will *always* be a boom and bust cycle.  Think about it... If I(and many others) am right about the high value, Bitcoin will reach over several thousand dollars per coin in just a few years, at most 10.  No matter how you look at it, that is a lot of growth very fast.  If everyone saw Bitcoin having slow, linear, predictable growth, everyone would go "wow... look at that, I should buy some!"  Which is exactly what happens even when it isn't slow, linear growth.  So now you have people, hundreds of thousands or millions of people, buying into this slow, linear growth.  Suddenly you don't have slow, linear growth.  You have exponential growth and excitement... Which always precedes a crash.  The crashes ARE the slowdown you are asking for.  Does it kind of suck?   Sure.  Could it inhibit people's perceptions of Bitcoin's reliability and usefulness?  Sure.
But can anything be done about it?  No.  Because at every stage, Bitcoin is either increasing in infrastructure/services/exposure required for that stage, or speculators are pushing it to the next stage based on  what it currently offers.
And yes, as you mentioned, some of those services/infrastructure that Bitcoin needs/will get will include better wallet protection.  It doesn't seem that Armory got funding because they are aiming to be some profitable company... it seems that they got it because several people/companies view what they are working on as a necessary and valuable resource/investment, worth the cost.
Another of those services/infrastructure that will be built is off-chain BTC settlement, much like credit credit cards, which will re-enable individuals to spend small amounts of BTC, and potentially re-enable consumer fraud protections like dispute resolution(chargebacks).
So hold on to your hat.  This wild ride is just beginning.
@_date: 2013-05-18 07:02:43
Dude, I so want to visit Whistler!
Seattleite here, and a big skiier. :D
@_date: 2013-05-11 19:48:40
I believe it is even more specific than that; the inputs are fixed and only the nonce is changed on each iteration.  I might be wrong.  That also might be circuit-controlled and not chip-controlled.
@_date: 2013-06-15 00:46:45
Very well said.  One clarification- Sometimes in hindsight it is possible to figure out the "why."  It is pretty clear to me that the run-up in price since January was a direct effect of the block halving.  Few people if anyone realized how big it would be.
The block halving disrupted the supply of Bitcoins for what had become a reasonably stable supply/demand process of Bitcoins(mostly silk road and gradual investors I think).  This caused the initial increases.  Those increases led to excitement that caused the massive spike and increases.  It'll happen again someday.
To answer the OP, I do suspect(*suspect*, not know) that what we are seeing now is the result of a drop-off of interest.  A lot of people swarmed over Bitcoin like a pack of wolves during the spike, but after two months the interest is just waning back down.  It will likely continue to drop.  How far?  Who knows.  I doubt it would go below $30.  Once it finds a bottom, it'll probably double in about two weeks as a lot of investors who have been waiting for the bottom start to jump in, but then it will level off for a bit.
To see what I mean, look at the time past the 2011 bubble.  We won't fall as far because a lot more people believe in BTC now, including VC's.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:56:44
In the real world, institutional investors tend to buy in blocks, and they tend to do it at random intervals.  They don't want anyone to front run their order when they see a slew of buys coming in at once, but they also know that the regular volume walls can't support the total purchase they are trying to make.
Looks like that might be happening here.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:47:55


No, the problem is that people are derailing blocksize arguments, including with the "coffee transactions" stuff while they advocate for paying [potentially hundred or thousand dollar transaction fees so they can continue to have $5 per month node operational costs.](
Using Bitcoin costs both node bandwidth and transaction fees.  It makes no sense to keep bandwidth costs low and shoot transaction fees through the roof; the two must be balanced.
@_date: 2013-05-25 23:28:50
Erm, I'm not clear / familiar with forexminute or what they are doing.  Is this another exchange for BTC?
@_date: 2017-06-22 22:48:02


This is correct, yes.
However, they don't want to support it.  They feel excluded and they don't want to lose face by capitulating.
Its anyone's guess what will happen if they still refuse to merge the segwit2x code despite the support being strong and having almost no miners left on the legacy chain.  Possibly they will be eclipsed and replaced.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:14:44


Go read the other side for three weeks, and really try to understand where they are coming from.  The FUD and smear is spread by both sides viciously.  No one has the moral high ground here.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:49:16


Meanwhile, most other people have no problem using another coin for both daily transactions AND storage.  Bitcoin is not magically intrinsically valuable, it is only valuable where it is both useful and is **more** useful than the alternatives.  Bitcoin is not gold, that logic is how Bitcoin gets killed by altcoins.
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:13:46
They have always been invited.  They refused to cooperate, and still are.
@_date: 2013-03-13 01:00:05
As I mentioned in the other response, this is not a bug with bitcoin code, but rather a dependency that bitcoin used to rely on.  Not the same thing as sitting in "widely reviewed and extensively tested" code.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:00:29


FYI, the vast majority of those seem to occur when the most recently found block prior to that one happened less than 60 seconds before.  That would indicate that Bitmain is actually validating the blocks fully as they should and that other pools are assuming first and validating second.
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:52:11
They are planning on doing selling of units.  And the demand for them is crazy.  50-75 btc for each 10GH/s blade currently.
@_date: 2013-02-08 17:20:10
Remember, back in early 2010 this was more of a game, a joke.  People hoped it caught on, but 10,000 BTC was nothing.  Hence the pizza story.  It is quite possible that people mined that many bitcoins and lost the wallet file in a hard drive crash, accidental deletion, physical destruction of computer, lost encrypted password, etc.
@_date: 2017-06-16 20:46:41


It was combined up and down.  The measured amount varied quite a bit with a few variables, from 25 GB/mo to 75 GB per month.  If I supported historical syncing with no limits and let people build up sync connections it was a disaster, upwards of 1.5 to 2.5 TB of data a month.  We will have to implement a UTXO fast syncing or checkpointing system for the users who do not need the security offered by from-genesis full history syncing, which is at least 99% of the users.  Its almost embarrassing that so many other coins have rapid UTXO syncing systems of various methods but Bitcoin hasn't even begun to implement it.


You're not wrong, but bigger blocks == more usecases, and more usecases == more adoption.  Some usecases do not belong on a blockchain and never will, but I personally don't think there's any reason for fees to go above $10 per tx at the worst, and more likely between $1 and $2.


Right but Higher demand = higher use of Bitcoin = higher market price for bitcoin = profits for all existing users to continue running nodes priced in legacy currencies.




Just one problem with that analogy - Mass transit options predated modern cars, and were highly proven with very well understood costs and engineering procedures.
We don't have anything to offer right now, and until we do, restricting roads just gives other cities a chance to build a bigger economy than ours, and hurts our city economically to boot.


So I'm not sure if I want to get an another argument about this, especially not with you (I definitely respect you), but I don't believe that Lightning will shift anywhere near the shit-ton of traffic that you and others are envisioning.  [It has a number of very real problems]( involving security, large scale risks, and especially problems for nontechnical users.  Lightning is an **excellent** proposal for a number of unusual usecases, and I definitely think it might shift as much as 50% of traffic off the network because those are high-volume use cases.  But I think that trying to shove nearly all of the other uses of Bitcoin onto lightning is going to be a disaster.  Even if I am wrong, Lightning is not ready for prime-time yet and a number of its purported functions are either undeveloped, untested, or both.  Lightning has to prove itself to people first, not attempt to shove them onto it because they have no other choice.  We need bigger roads for now, and most of the bigger-roads fears that [I feel] are legitimate don't happen until we get MUCH MUCH bigger roads.


You're not wrong here, but unfortunately time is short.  Segwit alone would give us full blocks before the end of next year at previous transaction growth rates.  Core wants a lot, LOT more time than that to "plan" a blocksize increase, and they have a very heavy contingent of small-blockers who think segwit itself is already too much.  Further, most of the fears regarding blocksize increases have been blown out of proportion by a small group of people.  The worst of those come down to either 1. [Anyone that can't run a full node and sync from genesis isn't bitcoining properly]( and therefore Bitcoin has no value / will be taken over by a government, and 2. [Bigger blocks let miners centralize into a monopoly who will have 51% of the hashrate](  Both of those positions are completely and unequivocally false, but the viewpoints are very deep seated and inflexible.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:47:49
The likelyhood of success or the cost do not factor into government decisions, unfortunately.  Their inability to do math is quite well known.
@_date: 2013-01-13 19:02:19
Black markets are kind of important.  As long as governments make commonly-used items illegal, there will always be black markets.  So that is a pretty strong basis right there.
There are becoming more and more places that are taking bitcoin, even legal places.  It is growing pretty fast for how "different" and unusual it is.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:27:30
Let me know when you get out there and start pavin' some roads for us.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:58:46
Its a Saturday.  New money can't move in, and sold money can't move out.  Movements on Saturdays/Sundays can't be trusted.  Hell, short term movements also can't be trusted.
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:45:37


Good god man, 32 bytes?
If we can get *anything* useful to SPV clients for a proof for 32 bytes we should absolutely fucking do it.  I don't know that the commitment would be useful for SPV clients, but really... 32 bytes!?  Did I go backwards in time to 1972??
@_date: 2017-06-17 23:29:38


That's fantastic!  Except I wasn't replying about Segwit.  Your comment was literally about Schnorr Signatures which is neither complete NOR proven, and you want us to bank on it being both complete, proven, and released/activated/widely in use in less than 7 months.  Yeahno.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:20:52
Which is why like 8 BIP148 trolls from core totally didn't attempt to co-opt segwit2x.
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:18:18


That's the first I've heard of it.  So BIP148 broadcast transactions can't be included in the legacy chain and vice versa, and all nodes must upgrade to BIP148 to use the BIP148 chain?
Can you link me to the source code for that?  Because I kind of think you just made that up right now and you're talking out your ass.


It isn't safe to accept UASF coins since it will have almost no blocks until it is completely abandoned.
@_date: 2017-06-10 02:29:30
Thanks!  Found it, glad to see progress being made.
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:51:21


Price rises as more users adopt Bitcoin; More users adopting bitcoin is necessary for blocksize demands to rise.  The profit from price increases more than offsets the increased node operational costs.


The answer to this is that we have to stop looking at node operational costs (bandwidth is the big one) in absolute terms.  The appropriate node operational cost level is some proportion of the average fees for using Bitcoin.  No one runs nodes for things they can't afford to actually use.  Light clients, SPV wallets, and eventually validation services will pick up the slack as node requirements rise.  The total number of nodes on the network rises as adoption does and will continue to do so even when they get expensive in absolute terms.  It is easy to justify 0.01 BTC per month in node costs when your business moves 100+btc a month.
What did it cost to run a node in January, 2017?  0.01 BTC per month.  What does it cost in 2031 if all existing growth / tech trends continue as they are without limits?  0.01 BTC per month.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:35:56
Thanks for posting this.  Very insightful, makes me wonder if merchant adoption isn't about to explode. :P
@_date: 2017-06-13 02:22:45


In general I like your thought process.  I agree with (most of) this statement.  Big correction though...


I've been a miner.  Big scale into multiple megawatts and small at-home and medium-size in a mechanical shop.
Blocksize does not and will not push out small miners.  This is a fallacy that's been promoted by, well, I'm not sure who exactly is to blame, but it simply does not work that way, and the people who promoted it must have still thought that people ran solo miners at home.
Stratum servers deliver work to miners.  Stratum miners, which is all miners in operation today, do not care what the blocksize is nor what the transactions are.  Node operation is distinct from miner operation.  This is true of every major miner that I've investigated, which is nearly all of them, and has been true since at least late 2014.  I've seen it and done it myself.  No miner on the market for the past two years is capable of running a full node on its hardware, nor will they ever be again - It is not cost effective, and miners already have a hard enough time reaching ROI.
This is also true for home miners, who cannot hope to solomine.  The only thing that miners(or their pools) have to run is normal operational node costs, though it is a bit more critical that they get caught up as soon as possible when a new block comes in, this does not have any real impact on the block production as I'll explain in a moment.
But what IF a miner insists on running their node on-site, as Luke-Jr and others claim they should?  It makes no difference.  For a small shop with under 100kw of capacity, it can cost over $70k to build the electrical and cooling infrastructure to operate the miners there.  The utility hookup fees alone can run upwards of $20,000.  Upgrading the internet to the maximum speed achievable in the region is not only a no-brainer, it isn't even a significant cost.  And the bandwidth can be load-balanced across every ISP available for pennies on the dollar.  The &lt;100kw capacity miners are really not the concern here, as they can and will simply use stratum to pull work from a remote node.  What about a 1-3 megawatt facility?  It can easily cost over a million dollars to get a 1+ megawatt mining facility up and running properly, **in infrastructure ALONE**.  Meaning no miners, so add $4-8 million dollars of miners on top of that.  Paying $50k to pull a fiber line to the facility is no big deal.  Even if it cost $200k for a fiber line, its not unthinkable, and $200k gets you an awful lot of fiber.
Thats just for onsite.  Datacenters are where the pool software is run, and they form a fast network backbone between the miners.  What about processing time?  Again, not an issue.  The beefiest multicore server desired costs so little compared to the electrical infrastructure, cooling, maintenance, and electricity that it isn't even going to raise any eyebrows.  It doesn't matter how big the miner is, if they are of any size to be relevant today, they will not bat an eyebrow at spending $10,000 on a server for node processing.  And even if they did, the mining devices themselves do not need to validate the blocks as they come in; They can simply assume the block is valid and begin mining ontop of it until they are told otherwise, which will happen within a few seconds if there is a problem, especially with compact blocks.  I believe this is actually the real reason for Antpool's random empty blocks.  If you pulled the statistics on their 1-5% of blocks that are empty, the previous block appeared to come within 60 seconds of it almost every time.  AntPool was simply starting a new empty block until the previous one caught up fully, and they were not the only pool that did this, though they were the worst.  They've since mostly fixed this, which is why their empty block percentage was ~5% in early 2016, but is now less than 1%.  There are other solutions to this problem which is why Bitfury doesn't produce empty blocks, the point is that the miners won't just stop mining when a received block is being validated.
In short, this is a fallacious argument put forwards by someone who has no idea what the cost scales of mining really look like.
tl;dr: Node operation always has been and will always be a very very minor cost compared to the massive electrical infrastructure, electricity, cooling, device production, and maintenance costs associated with mining.  Bigger blocks do not and will never centralize miners, though they may centralize home nodes.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:39:33
Now did you know that 9/11 was an inside job?
Fire can't melt steel!
@_date: 2013-06-24 14:12:48


Err, actually, no they did not.  The Bitcoin foundation did not create Bitcoin, and cannot turn it off.  That will make the California case much more difficult(for them).
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:16:21
Get something in writing.  Search for and read the post about the guy who got scammed for $80 over some headphones a few weeks back.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:58:05
If they hadn't bought the mini-rig, they'd have that many coins.  How is that cheating?
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:57:14
ANYONE concerned with how much money the company is PAYING in dividends is not thinking properly.
The amount the company PAYS in dividends is irrelevant to the value of the company.  The relevant values are how much the company EARNS, and how the company is run/reinvests in itself.
(Unless you don't trust Friedcat, in which case you should not be investing at all).
Earnings aren't much lower than normal.  All of us should be hoping that Friedcat will reinvest the lion's share of the capital in getting to the better chips faster.  Because that is how the company will thrive long term.  Dividends are just a perk and a distraction for any serious long term investor.
@_date: 2017-06-22 01:08:55


Schnorr signatures, whenever it gets done, buys us less than 4 months of scaling time.
Lightning is not only incomplete, unproven, but [has substantial flaws](  Shorter summary [here](  No other proposal even comes close to Lightning, despite its flaws.
Core promised to consider blocksize increases in December 2015, with the signed roadmap letter.  Now nearly 24 months later, the miners have had to band together to unchain Bitcoin and let it move forward, and STILL Core refuses to consider a blocksize increase.
Core has failed us.


Bullshit.  There is no other reason for them to be unanimously opposed to the +2mb hardfork.  The timelines are long enough, the development work is proceeding nicely and far more on-time than Segwit ever was, the hardforks themselves were already tested within classic, XT, and also on altcoins.  Pro-big-block core devs were ostracized, insulted, and forced out.  Actions speak louder than words, and cores actions indicate that the vast majority of them are rigidly against blocksize increases.


Bullshit, there's literally dozens of things that set Bitcoin apart from every other payment system.
I support your right to have Bitcoin be what YOU want it to be, wherever possible.  Meanwhile, stop telling everyone else that Bitcoin has to be what you say it is, because THEY see value in Bitcoin's other features and possible uses.
Even accepting that, by restricting blocksizes all you are doing is creating a system that only the super-wealthy can afford to transact on.  No one cares about running a node when they can't afford to transact.


I've worked out the math in about a dozen different ways.  Every other problem is solvable; Bandwidth is the lynchpin where something has to give between it and transaction fees.


We've had two years of this bullshit.  "Going slow" is basically the same as "do what I say and maaybe I'll let you have a blocksize increase sooometiime."  Core, and all of the segit-only crowd needs to stop acting like this is theirs and they get to make all the decisions.  They don't, and they aren't even in the majority.  The majority is sick of the bullshit from both sides.  Compromise or get out is the new deal of the day, for both the BUtards and the UASFers.
@_date: 2017-06-16 21:15:58


I have a feeling you're stating this based on the same statistic previously shared everywhere where there was a "support segwit" option and a "segwit ready" option.  Everyone I've talked to on here combined the two and acted as if that was segwit support.  Segwit "ready" does not mean they support it, only that their business won't be negatively impacted if/when it is activated.  Businesses can't afford to let their philosophies drive decisions to be ready for something or not; If it might come, they must be ready.  The consequences are too great to ignore it.
[The numbers here are far too low]( to support what you are saying, only 51% "support" segwit, and if you click "enable weighting" the number of companies supporting segwit suddenly drops to 30% - Shockingly close to the number of miners signaling for it, @ 33%.    The reason for this discrepancy is that the business "opinions" list counts all projects and businesses that they could get data for - and certain groups have managed to list a disproportionate number of businesses and pet projects to their actual impact to inflate the numbers.  Luke jr for example has quite a few companies and projects on the list, naturally all listing support.  Want to see that difference in action?  Compare the UASF "support/ready" numbers with and without weighting.  And then look at the anti-emergent consensus metric, with and without weighting.
You could say that the weighting process is just biased against segwit somehow, and I couldn't disprove you because it is highly subjective and they haven't yet published their weighting process.  That being said, I did spot-check it and found many fewer "empty" or unknown companies supporting BU/EC than I did for UASF, where I found quite a lot of companies that had effectively no customers, employees, or revenue or tiny pet projects that are not widely in use anymore, especially Luke-jr's.  You can see this at-a-glance also in the segwit "ready" numbers; The percentage of "ready+support" for segwit only slightly changes when weighting is enabled, exactly as I suggested above that it would.


Unfortunately the risks to security and the "security compromised" state is poorly understood and has effectively no data suggesting where the dangerous levels are or how to know if we are in danger.  The only legitimate potential problems for the network itself that I have found are sybil attacks and DDOS attacks, but both of those are slightly mitigated as node operational costs rise, because the cost of the attack also rises.




Segwit2x was put together very quickly, has at least 84% of the miners supporting it, including miners on both sides, and from everything I have seen has very broad community support.  It was all spelled out in Hong Kong almost two years ago but core rejected it because it didn't align with their small-block mentality.  I will say that core did ALMOST get consensus with segwit, but unfortunately they decided it didn't matter if they forced out and ignored the big block contingent.  They were wrong.
Aside from segwit (71%) or segwit2x(probably &gt; 80%), there's no hope.


I mean, maybe.  Yes, some of them have said that.  However if you pay attention, it isn't the moderate engineers who are the ones most strenuously objecting.  It is only the small-blockers, the same group who already thought that segwit itself was probably too big.  They repeat a lot of the same thing and say a lot of the same phrases as the people here who assert that bigger blocks = death and if they can't sync their full node from genesis on their rPI and ancient DSL connection, it isn't Bitcoin anymore.
I can't prove their intent, but I don't believe their intentions and their words are aligned.  The real reason is that they have a paranoia about government takeovers and think every user should want the same amount of security that they want.
I'll reply to the rest later, have to run.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:34:16
Asked to prove something?  Better attack the person, we can't respond with actual facts, data, or logic!!
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:52:12
Yes, lets announce all of our strategic moves to the world so that the competition knows what they need to do to beat us.  That's a good long term plan!
@_date: 2013-04-16 21:19:17
Slight mistake on my part, 10 are for sale, not 5.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:19:36
When it stops fluxuating it will be viable.  But it won't stop fluxuating until it has reached its usefulness point.  At each stage along the path, as it becomes more and more useful, it then needs to fluxuate to accommodate that new usefulness.
Some mafia bosses have already commented that they like the idea of Bitcoin, but it simply can't handle the volume of money they need to move.  Once it can, it will go up as they start to do so, fluxuating again.  Its a cycle, and it won't stop for a long time yet.
@_date: 2013-03-11 04:41:34
That only counts if the IRS(And therefore the government and courts) acknowledges bitcoins as legally ownable property.  They have not, thus you only need to pay taxes when you sell bitcoins for USD(or other currency).
@_date: 2013-03-25 21:38:29
&lt;typing up long response&gt; .. Mr ... &lt;reads name&gt;
Oh, damnit.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:36:45
Just encourage the core devs to support the working group, and encourage it in general.  I'm really hopeful :)
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:35:58




This is true for code changes in a very literal fashion.
But it misses the larger point - The core developers have a bias, at every step along the process from idea to review to approval, that is now out of line from the communities opinions.  Almost no core devs are big blockers; Over 50% of the community favors bigger blocks at this point.  Most of the dev decisions and actions are swayed or directed by an even smaller group of developers that were around from a very long time ago.  At that time, smaller blocks were a non-issue and/or had a majority.  We are no longer in that time.  Meanwhile, the several old-time core developers that favored bigger blocks were ostracized, ridiculed, and later silenced until they left.
Core in general, and especially the most-active and oldest developers in core now have an extremely heavy bias toward small blocks.  Segwit was a compromise between themselves, not a compromise for the community.
But Bitcoin is a consensus system.  When you force someone out and silence them, they are not gone from the consensus.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:51:29


Miners can see transaction size before they process a block; couldn't all of the miners just orphan such a block intentionally to keep everything on track?
There was a discussion on core recently and I don't recall anyone providing any evidence that transactions &gt; 100kb need to be supported at all.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:13:43
@_date: 2013-04-18 04:38:52
Sorry, not clear from the context.
First we is the bitcoin community.  The we you bolded is some banker policy enforcer.  Takes one look at bitfloor's data, doesn't know what bitcoins are, sees an extremely high volume of cash transfers and a high rate of reversal attempts, and just freezes the account.
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:44:14


Right, and the tradeoff is so heavily technical that I doubt any average user would make the choices necessary to keep them safe.


I can't imagine how this can average out to anything other than 1:1 across many users.  The channels between a hub in its users must be A) Large enough to pass through any desirable payment for any given end user, and B) Large enough so that any given user can pay the desired end destination any amount they wish to pay.  So if the original channel was opened with (User/Hub for all these (1/0) then the user would be able to pay but not be paid, making this hub service largely useless.  If it was (0/1) they would be able to be paid up to 1.0, but not be able to pay anyone until they get paid first.  The logical default setting for most users is (1.0/1.0) with adjustments on each side as needed(very expensive and slow to adjust!)


This doesn't make any sense.  The hub operator cannot re-use funds reserved for incoming payments that are destined for its users.  They would have to close the channel, or else not be able to complete payments *to* users, only *from* users, which I guess is 50% useful?  100% useful is what people will expect though, and so this capital will be locked up.


If they provide all details available - however incomplete - about every transaction passing through them to the government, they might be allowed to exist.  In that way, the government can build a map of substantial data about different transactions, routes, and destinations.  Nothing bad will happen to them -- Until the users expecting privacy discover their data is being given to the government, anyway.
You might be right that they'll be allowed to exist if the data is all secret.  Either way, it is still an unknown and therefore a gamble for a 50 billion dollar network to make.


This is the second time you've said this and you hinge your next argument on it entirely, and you're clearly familiar with lightning, so I'm really confused.  Are you really implying that Lightning will be a send-only system and people will not be able to receive?  Because if they want to receive, the other side of the channel must put up funds that could be pushed to them.  If no one puts up funds to the opposing side of the channels, no one can receive anything.


Barring the confusion from the previous, this describes exactly how hubs could attack their users.
And moreover, the mass-default attack doesn't care where the attacker(s) are on the network.  All that matters is that the attackers have channels where some previous state was significantly in their favor when compared with the current state, enough to be worth more than the Bitcoin transaction fees for closing the channels.  Once that situation arises, they can simply attack every node or every hub at once.


That brings us back to the first problem, where nontechnical users will make mistakes without realizing it and be penalized because that situation is indistinguishable from an attacker who also went offline.


All an attacker cares about is do they make more money than they spent.  It seems quite likely that those situations will arise.


Fire.  Flood.  Theft.  Loss.  Tornado.  Cloud storage is far superior for backups for most people.
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:34:08


Primarily small blocker libertarian types, which are a minority here but are disproportionately represented within the core developers that have been around for the longest (after Gavin, Jeff, and Mike left anyway)


The small blockers would never trust the miners to do this to their satisfaction.


There have been a few proposals, but most of the big-block supporters would agree / argue that the limits that the small-block supporters wish to enforce are far, far too low, but the small block supporters feel like even a small increase is dangerous.
Its a shitty dispute for everyone.
@_date: 2017-06-02 04:45:11
In that case, agreed on all those points :)
@_date: 2013-05-06 19:22:40
The code is open source, and writing a palindrome check is trivial.  This could be done, but the chances are still not very good. :P
@_date: 2013-05-24 21:31:29
If you don't believe ripple will be a success, sign up for your free ripples, sell them to someone who does for BTC.  Its like getting 2 BTC for free.
(If you do that and ripple somehow becomes a success, kick yourself later).
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:42:15
Q1 2018 is ~7-8 months away.  Sure, lets make a plan to discuss Feburary's problems in May.  Woot!
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:27:17
A chainsplit is guaranteed to happen.  It will take at least 40% of the miners with it, and most likely at least 85% of the miners for at least a time.  It will also take a substantial segment of the bitcoin ecosystem with it.  Exactly how much of the community will follow it isn't known, but at least 25%(die-hard big-blocker BU contingent) and at most 85% (everyone but the 15% die-hard small-blockers).  It isn't clear what percentage of the hashrate the die-hard small-blocker chain will have, which may become a deciding factor in whether we wind up with two bitcoins or one.
If the vocal segwit-only group here convinces enough people to resist the hardfork, it will be a very contentious hardfork and possibly a permanent one.  The price of Bitcoin will plummet short term, and Bitcoin will probably lose dominance among cryptocurrencies for a time, possibly permanently.
If instead the segwit-only group here winds up being mostly hot air and empty threats, then we will have a smoother chainsplit; The die-hard small-blocker chain will die quickly and the price will dip and then recover and probably continue to rise once the danger is past.  There's no telling what Core might do in this case.
Sadly, a very likely situation is that the vast majority of users won't take a stand either way because they don't care and/or aren't informed on the issue.  If that happens, a lot of it will come down to whether business support forces them to upgrade, or whether the businesses are forced to capitulate first.  If few miners remain on the original chain(&lt;10%) then the users will switch to segwit2x as the main chain will be almost unusable.  The price will still tank for a time, and we may still end up with two bitcoins permanently.
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:13:54
Do you understand the meaning of "lifetime?"
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:20:20
Price discovery at its best!  This is epic.  WHERE WILL THE DICE STOP THIS TIME!?!?
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:12:00


You do realize that the average cost to send a transaction less than two weeks ago was $6 across an entire day, right?  And that a full node can potentially be run for less than $6 a month?
Tell me, what should we say to those people in India who by the grace of these experts can still afford to run a full node, but can no longer afford to send even a single bitcoin transaction due to fees?


Reassess.  Transaction fees must be balanced against node operational costs.  Bitcoin can't be used in the near term future without both costs being low.  We've already crossed the line where a full node could be run for a month for less than the daily average transaction fee.  People in developing countries can't use what they can't afford to transact with.  If segwit gets activated without a blocksize increase, we'll be back at this point before June of 2018.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:29:20


The only "wrong" part is that your statistics don't match his pre-existing worldview.
I love you guys.  Statistics collection and real data are what people should make decisions should be based on.  Do you guys have any area of the site that culminates or compares poll results such as the 71% poll showing segwit support?  Polls might be another useful datapoint since true support is difficult to ascertain.
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:30:32
Eh, I think it is a currency, it just has not had the requisite time for integration services to be built up, and it has not had time for the markets to evaluate its real worth.  This process will take years.  Until it completes, the merchants who use it are taking a risk the same as any other adopter.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:18:35


Yes.  BIP148 would need 33% of the global hashrate to be relatively immune to attacks.  Since it currently has &lt;0.5% of the global hashrate, it probably won't even have any blocks to attack, though.
But it doesn't really matter.  BIP148 didn't bother to build in replay protection, so there won't be any exchanges that can trade the coin, and the transactions will be impractical to separate between the main chain and the BIP148 chain.
@_date: 2017-06-24 06:21:43


The hard fork will happen.  It is a part of the compromise.  There is literally nothing that could be done to stop the big-blocker community from forking off at this point.  All you can change is whether or not that hardfork sucks ass for everyone, or whether it goes smoothly.
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:23:39


UASF's soft fork will stop after 0-5 blocks.  UASF can't reach the first difficulty change without UASF miners.
Normal segwit miners will not help you, they will mine on top of non-segwit blocks which your node will reject.  You will have no chain.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:17:36
You can tip people with bitcoin on reddit!
@_date: 2013-06-29 06:01:07
I believe you have a grace period when you are applying for all 50 states though?
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:57:49
What about mining income?  Do you pay taxes only when you sell there as well?
@_date: 2017-06-19 06:58:54


I see what you're getting at now, but who said that all channels have to be equal?
He just needs to find enough value among the network to outweigh the transaction fees for opening/closing, then the rest can just be empty-ish channels.


Hard-coded in the first version(s?) of Lighting clients, Channels are limited to 0.16BTC and lightning transactions are limited to 0.04BTC.  Planning to change it in future releases after the network begins to build.


Hmm, is that how it works?  I assumed watchers would have to be paid for the watching service, regardless of whether a transaction needs to be posted.  What happens if all thousand watchers try to post competing transactions to the blockchain at once?  Who gets paid then?  Plus wouldn't nodes begin rejecting the transactions as a flood attack?
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:39:57
BTW, on [the source page]( there's an awesome "enable weighting" button that attempts to weight the support by the size and relevance of the company / statements of support.
I'm sure there's some subjectivity that goes into it, but you should click that and see what happens if you haven't already. :)
@_date: 2013-03-22 04:21:55
Do not do transactions over $10,000.  The government has reporting requirements.  Break it up into smaller transactions.
Also I use ACH to transfer to dwolla, and then dwolla to mtgox.  It sucks ass, and I dislike Dwolla's policies, but I have yet to find a better way.  Maybe coinlab some day?
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:55:01
Ah.  That sounds manageable to me then.  But if there's no benefit to it, moot point.  Thanks for the info and discussion. :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:09:14
Personally I would rather have it go another way, but the fact is bitcoin will be used for what bitcoin is good for.  It is good for that.  TBH it won't even be good for international currency transfer until we break $1k; we need a lot more growing pains.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:37:41
Weight units doesn't mean anything anymore, since a 8 million weight units could be 3.2 actual megabytes or 5.4 actual megabytes, or it could be 5000 utxo changes or it could be 2000 utxo changes.  It actually makes all of the metrics used to identify how many resources a block actually consumes **less** useful.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:11:40
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:42:09
Fuckin seriously
@_date: 2017-06-16 20:04:26


To you.
To other people, it is other things that give it its value.  Bitcoin means many different things to many different people.  I support your right to have Bitcoin mean what you want it to mean to you, but shouldn't try to force your view of what Bitcoin is onto others either.  When the two conflict, it comes down to a practical consideration; Favoring your view to the extreme means that you can use Bitcoin, but almost no one else can because there's no space for them.  On the other hand, favoring their view to the extreme could indeed put the entire system at risk, as well as push yourself and others like you out.  Both extremes are bad.
Security versus scaling and transaction fees versus node operational costs must be balanced for Bitcoin to succeed.  Unless we want to be flipened permanently, in that case we should ignore market forces and say fuck it.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:25:58


Operating a node today can be done for about $6-12 per month.
We've had days where getting a single transaction included cost more than that.
$5000 per coin bitcoin will pay for $24 per month of bandwidth.
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:58:46
Segwit2mb appears to be a legitimate, serious push to give us just that, and the first blocksize step.
@_date: 2017-06-03 00:10:03


Permanently empty, you mean. 00.15% of the hashrate isn't even enough to reach the first difficulty adjustment.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:23:16
Thank you guys so much for this.  That button is incredible, and actually lined up exactly where I expected the support level to.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:21:52
I'm used to it.  :P
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:29:19
It is the exchanges, the investors, and the merchants I am concerned with.  They obviously can't shut it down.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:28:42


This is the fundamental problem.  A lot of things that come from core are written, vetted, and driven by that same group.  There are moderates in core, but they are generally quiet, pushed aside, or simply overruled.
The fact that you realize that the wiki article is probably misleading, but don't then apply that same logic to the rest of core's activity should be telling.  Pay. Attention.


A majority of users are now big-blockers.  A majority of users are pro-segwit.  There are statistics to show both of these.
Core, however, takes the approach that segwit is big-blocks and therefore that's good enough.  A majority of core, especially the most active and oldest devs, are and have always been small-blockers.  You might say this is because the data suggests that small blocks are the best solution, but there is no data that suggests this, unless the sync-from-genesis problem isn't addressed(per gmaxwell, this is not a priority).  Syncing is a problem many many coins have successfully addressed for the vast majority of users.  Sync-speedups inherently involve some tradeoffs, but those can be disabled for the users who prefer the security and trustlessness of syncing from the Genesis block.
There is no reason for core to have ostracized the people who disagree with them so much, and there's no reason the community should have had such a backlash against the previous core devs who tried to deal with this problem years ago.  Yet it happened.  That is how we got here.


I don't think you are wrong here, but I do think that Greg has an adversarial and highly suspicious personality.  Whether he intended it or not, that causes problems.


This is the consequence of ridiculing and ostracizing people who you disagree with.  In other industries they would simply go away.  Bitcoin is a consensus system built upon mutually assured destruction; You can't just shove a dissenting view away and expect that to work.  Yet that has happened repeatedly for years.  This could be reversed in weeks if both sides were to agree to try, for one month, to set their differences aside, cast out the trolls regardless of whether their philisophy aligns, stop the censorship, and invite every competing idea - primarily when backed by hard data - back to the table.
There is no way this will happen.  The hurt and anger runs too deep, on both sides.  It isn't rational at this point.  But the big blockers are not the ones who ostracized the small blockers, they simply came too soon for the moderates to consider supporting or defending them.


Again with what I said above.  I actually believe you are right, these feelings are completely justified.  But the small amount of resentment against not being included in this development process is **nothing** compared to the hurt and anger of being ostracized, attacked, and silenced for **years.**
You are an intelligent guy and you seem reasonable.  I hope you and I can come to some agreement on these things I am saying.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:53:01
Fair enough, at least you're reasonable with your support, thank you for that.
Why would you call segwit2x not a scaling prospect?  It is moving forward and has pull requests every day, plus it is in line with what many anti-segwit miners have been saying all along (we'll accept segwit if you accept 2mb per HK agreement).
I do agree without scaling bitcoin is screwed.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:11:13


The thread that got me thinking in this way was here: 
The entire premise was that it was very cheap to switch, but very expensive to stay.  That's when I realized the folly of it all; its only cheap because they're not staking anything.  But someone has to stake something.
And that's what is going to cause it to fail.  That and the lack of replay protection.  People like this guy flip it [around and genuinely believe the mining problem]( will be solved by massively increased value.  If they do somehow put enough pressure on exchanges that exchanges list UASF despite the lack of replay protection, and you take his logic a step further, UASFers are going to be pushing everyone to buy buy buy UASF and sell sell sell legacycoin.  But without replay protection, they're going to be obliterated by a few smart people who realize there are huge gains to be had.
A lot of people are going to mistakenly believe they are putting nothing on the line, and the smart ones really are.  But the ones who do and lose?  They're going to be pissed.  Pissed at UASF, pissed at Jihan (who isn't related to UASF), and it is going to deepen the wounds dividing the community.  I think the only way forward is for the two sides to try, really try, to understand eachother and compromise.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:31:23


Opening the channels requires competing with all of the large transactions that can't fit.  For many people even being able to transact many times through the channel won't be justifiable in the face of what transaction fees may become if segwit is the only on-chain scaling.
Not to mention that even today, [roughly 50% of transactions are larger than $350 USD](  Those are very very far from coffee transactions, but if lightning can't fit those, it will only increase the demands on blocksize, not decrease them.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:58:22


Mostly right until the last 8 words.  I do not want to buy coffee with it.  I simply want as many transactions as can safely be put on Bitcoin to do so.  I have no idea where that cutoff will be; My math indicates that the lowest safe fees Bitcoin could hit in the long run are about $1.5, and with the confirmation time disadvantage that means coffee purchases are out.
But there's no need to arbitrarily keep transactions (and people) out of Bitcoin unless it is simply unsafe for them to use it.  The question isn't "can we fit everything," it is "how much can we actually fit?"
Node operational costs are fundamentally tied to transaction fees as a cost of using the blockchain.  This is true regardless of how successful or not successful Lightning and layer2 solutions are.  There's simply no point in letting transaction fees run into the thousands while keeping node operational costs under $20.  The two are related and must be balanced.
Also, while I think most of what you said is also true, a lot of people imply here that Bitcoin only has value because of &lt;x, y, or z&gt; that THEY like.  Bitcoin has value to different people for different reasons, and it should do everything it can to satisfy ALL of those wherever it can possibly do so.


Every included use case adds value to Bitcoin.  Every excluded use case decreases value.  When altcoins are able to support a usecase without incurring worse tradeoffs, that value goes to the altcoin instead of Bitcoin.  If that happens enough, Bitcoin will lose its network effect, its most critical advantage over all competitors.  Thus, if a crypto-currency can safely serve a use-case without incurring even worse penalties or vulnerabilities, it should do so.
You are most likely right that coffee will never make that cut.  That's not what my larger point is; The whole coffee/no coffee debate is avoiding the real issue of the tradeoff between node operational costs and transaction fee costs.


[Blocksize does not affect hashrate distribution](  You are correct that it affects fullnode operation, and may in fact represent a danger there.  I'm not an advocate for cramming everything onto the blockchain, only for putting as much on it as we safely can.  I have searched extensively and have yet to find any data indicating how the danger of sybil attacks and ddos attacks is statistically affected by node counts and locations.  What I did find, though, indicates that [fullnode counts increase with adoption and increased transactions](  Since all blocksize increases have stalled, there's limited data on how fullnode counts will truly be affected, and moreover, we absolutely must get a fast-sync with hashed utxo states or checkpointing for the 99.9% of users that don't need sync-from-genesis levels of security.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:00:31
That's ridiculous.  Sorry, I come down on the side against the federal government- I see their spending as wasteful, politically motivated, and generally not serving the public good.
On the flip side, property taxes and registration fees go directly into the services you use like roads, police, fire stations, etc.  There is no justification for not paying those taxes.
@_date: 2013-08-13 21:26:44
Correction- Ip addresses for a transaction are at best a guess.  Even if bitcoin somehow traced it properly, it could be a tor exit node.
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:36:04


The entirety of the proof of this is based on reddit posts and bullshit accusations.
The actual data proves this conspiracy theory entirely wrong; The morons who posted that forgot that transaction fees go down on weekends.  Transaction fees required to be included in a reasonable amount of time are back over $3 today (&gt; 220 sat/byte).  And rising.


$3 fees are normal?  Open mouth, insert foot.


Do you have any idea how Bitcoin works?  Each input must be signed and carry its weight.  Batching does not decrease weight.


Never said they were.  At the rate we're headed they won't be buying houses with them either, they'll use Ethereum which actually is usable.


Bitcoin is not gold and doesn't magically gain value by comparing it to gold.  It only has value because people think it will be useful.
No use, no value.
@_date: 2017-06-10 20:20:19
Every bit of data indicates that UASF has no real support and is going to flop hard.  Prove me wrong with data if you have it.
@_date: 2013-03-02 16:16:30
I brought this up with the lawyers too.  They were skeptical of whether that would be allowed either.
It comes down to how the SEC views bitcoin.  Which, of course, they do not, so they don't know what to do about it.
@_date: 2013-03-25 01:43:42
Bullshit.  People are making guesses at 1 btc eventually being worth $1,000 to $100,000.  And many, many people are buying based on that speculative theory.
If people start valuing bitcoin at that level before it has the transactional volume, confidence, and fundamentals of that level, it **will** crash, and it will crash **HARD**.
I personally think that 1btc will be worth over $1,000.  But we are no where near there yet.  It has to start knocking competitors out like western union, money laundering, or banks/regular transactions.  Until it does, 95% of the buys, including mine, are purely speculative, and CAN and will cause both bubbles and crashes.
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:44:28
FYI, if you have backups enabled to Authy, you can still request a reset through Authy:
You would have to know the backup password, though, and it takes 24 hours at least.
BTW thanks for this post!  I did not realize authy was vulnerable in this way.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:58:43
Congrats on replying twice without providing any counter-arguments, facts, or data whatsoever.  A for the day for you!
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:20:09


Because unless they all did, a minority would be insane and suicidal to do so.  And UASF would need at least 20% of the hashrate to have a viable, functional chain.  Right now it has 00.16%
@_date: 2017-06-06 20:37:53
That would be 20% of 5%, or 1% of the network hashrate.  Way way better though, it would at least be enough for UASF to get one block a day at that point.  The first difficulty change would only be 4 years out.
@_date: 2013-04-26 19:09:33
They create market capitalization and liquidity.  This is a must for Bitcoin to reach its full potential.  "Just" buyers, sellers, and merchants will never get us there.  We need 100 billion plus to reach our full potential, not 80 million.
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:45:37


So in Bitcoin's future in your mind, people just can't use it unless someone else does it for them entirely?  So basically just banks like we have today?
All that just to avoid spending $24-48 a month on bandwidth instead of $6-12??  Or using a light client / spv client??  And to top it off you wouldn't rather have a $10000 bitcoin price instead of a $2500 bitcoin price?  That's the fair tradeoff for you?
Ethereum on the other hand, with light wallets, would offer nearly the same level of security as Bitcoin with scaling 100-1000x as large, and cost a tiny fraction as much to use.  Somehow you think people are going to prefer bankerbitcoin to that?
@_date: 2013-07-06 02:33:49
I think you're missing the point dude.  You're saying its floundering, I believe its correcting.  You say it needs commerce, I say it just needs time.
Bitcoin will be used for what it is good for.  International trade and currency movements.  Routing around currency controls.  Black market trade.  Internet-based commerce.  Efficient merchant payment w/ discounts.
It has exploded in value.  That gives it a newfound ability to be used by much larger entities.  Now we have to wait for them to get up to speed- It takes months to develop and implement processes.  Traders aren't patient enough to wait months, they watch daily/weekly trends.  They're gonna push it down for awhile until some people with a lot of money(who are waiting for the bottom) decide it is time to buy in.  Then it will temporarily stabilize.
Patience.  The uses are there, and the use is coming.
@_date: 2013-03-08 22:25:09
He doesn't know what he's talking about.  That's what.
@_date: 2013-04-26 19:08:04
You should definitely go and tell them everything you know.  The bitcoin-24 guy may not actually have been screwing anyone, he could have gotten screwed by the banks and overwhelmed.  Or he could be screwing people who deposited
Just answer their questions as best you can.
Oh, and if they ask ANYTHING that indicates they think you are doing something illegal or involved, immediately stop the interview and say you would love to help them investigate, but that you need legal counsel before the interview can continue.
@_date: 2013-06-03 22:25:07
TBH dude, you had this coming to you.  A cursory search here would have shown you that it is completely ineffective to try to sell Bitcoins via Paypal, Ebay, or using credit cards.  Ebay doesn't allow Bitcoins, and Paypal/CC's are reversible payment methods, with dispute "mediation" that ignores Bitcoin's existence.  Sooner or later someone is going to fuck you over.
Sorry that it happened to you, but it should be a warning to you and everyone else.  Do not sell Bitcoins for CC payments or Paypal.  ESPECIALLY not amounts &gt; $50.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:21:11
Sure looks that way!
Be aware that there's a lot of people like you on the sidelines waiting for the bottom.  When we reached the $1.5 bottom in 2011, we shot back up to $3 within a week as people realized that might be the bottom.  You have to be ready to move fast and take a risk(or be patient and earn less with less risk).
@_date: 2017-06-21 02:24:03


Nope, you're in the cheer-squad for mega-corp-coin trainwreck.  Not any better really, its too bad you can't just turn on your brain for a few minutes and think for yourself.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:33:26


The problem is, with no replay protection they can't really do both because users can't choose which fork their transaction goes onto.  The exchanges know this and basically told BU the same thing.  They would either all choose to follow UASF or they'd all choose to follow the legacy chain.  The one they choose will be the longest, because that's what the nodes will follow by default.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:13:28
Having been a miner at medium and large scales, I can assure you that miners only driving goal is to actually make ROI and not go out of business.  Bitcoin's history is littered with hundreds of failed mines, miners, and manufacturers.
Most of them don't even have the time in a day to follow the debate or issues, nor to make selfish decisions about transactions.  Just keeping the miners uptimes high, dealing with typical business problems, and keeping them cool consumes all day, every day.  It fucking sucks man.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:20:06
80%?  I'd be shocked if that were the case.  Anyone know?
@_date: 2017-06-21 02:39:17


As it turns out, the problem with this logic in the Bitcoin world is that being an asshole to people, ostracizing them, and silencing them doesn't actually make them go away.  Hence, rbtc, BU, and the resurgence of ostracized developers working on bitcoin2x.
The businesses, the users, the miners, and the economic majority are all on my side.  You're going to find the door before I do.


An act of desperation to save their investments and businesses from the damage you trolls have done to Bitcoin before we all get flippened.
@_date: 2013-04-29 00:53:34
How would you know if they intended to move them?
They could like the idea and sit on them for a few months.  Maybe even a year.  Then find it and try to spend them.  Oops, that wallet no longer contains money b/c it was taken... :(
@_date: 2013-05-16 06:17:16
Ey!  [Murica]( exports [FREEDOM]( didn't you know?!?
@_date: 2013-05-27 02:49:24
Honestly, I've never had a bad experience with Nastyfans.  I did have one payment that I paid past the deadline(damn Blockchain syncing!), but after contacting Nonnakip it was resolved quickly.
@_date: 2013-04-14 10:17:03
Cold storage wasn't even really a thing back in 2009.  It was born out of need after people lost wallets.
@_date: 2013-06-17 16:38:27
Is BFL really much less power hungry at this point?  They had to up their power estimates at least once if not twice.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:38:49
ShakeThatbass's tipping and generosity are legendary.  He donated something like $13,000 worth of btc to charities over ~24 hours back when BTC were $40.
@_date: 2017-06-07 06:04:06
What indications?  Source?
@_date: 2017-06-23 20:03:18
Thanks!  Always appreciate genuine discussion, even if we wind up disagreeing.  Cheers mate!
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:52:56






You do realize that saying things like this in response to what said literally makes you sound like a moron, right?
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:02:57


Well unfortunately for you [the percentage of hashrate]( and percentage of users [supporting BIP148 went down overnight](


Lol, without replay protection they will not, and cannot, do anything of the sort.
@_date: 2013-06-21 18:40:19
Rawr!  I'm angry!  Rawr!
If this was so business critical that people's lives depend on it, you should have distributed yourself more evenly across exchanges and prepared for this in advance.  I feel no sympathy for your lack of foresight on such a business critical matter.  Shit happens.  People who plan for it are fine.  People who don't bitch, cry, and throw a fit, which is what you are doing.
Also I started a (much smaller) transfer a few days before the suspension and it went through fine.
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:13:46
It was trading at ~1.2 about 2-3 weeks ago... So that would be a 250% increase.  Where did you possibly come up with a 1000% increase?
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:01:11
It's not illogical.  They don't want segwit.  They'll swallow it as part of a compromise.  Why is compromise so difficult for people to understand?
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:17:33
So you're forking off with 58% of the core devs, 5% of the businesses that count for anything, 11% of the nodes, and &lt;0.5% of the global hashrate?
That sounds amazing for Bitcoin.  Please do.
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:27:52
Yes, they're really watching this $1B market cap thing closely.  $1B is huge for them.  They're also building a list of every person known to have posted here to be assassinated later.
@_date: 2017-06-22 00:49:15


In my opinion, the biggest risks are:
1. Lightning is going to be very difficult and punishing for non-technical users.  Given the choice between using Lighting with its associated downsides and using an altcoin, 99% of them are going to use the altcoin.  Especially if the altcoin also offers lightning but does not force people to use it(BS limits).
2. Attackers can flood the blockchain with invalid channel closures and possibly profit.  Even if they don't succeed, everyone loses when someone tries this.  Since blocks will already be full, it won't even take much flooding.
3. Lightning is likely to result in consistent money flows to one side of its channels for many typical users; Every time this happens the channel must be reopened with more funds, negating the usefulness of Lightning entirely.  To make this less of a problem, more capital must be put into channels up front; This requirement will increase lightning's fees(i.e. hub connection fees as well as transaction fees).
4. Lightning transaction fees are likely to work out to some percentage of Bitcoin transaction fees, which will be very, very high without blocksize increases; Lowering Bitcoin transaction fees will lower both.
5. Lastly, not actually stated there, I think that the combination of these factors will make it very difficult to build a network effect.  No network effect, no user adoption.  Its a chicken and egg problem, and it takes a hell of a lot to get the network effect built.
Despite all that I actually think that lightning is cool and definitely beneficial for Bitcoin.  It just isn't a magic bullet, and nearly everyone opposed to blocksize increases are betting the entire currency on something that Lightning is probably not going to be able to fulfil.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:20:38
5000 btc buy about an hour ago. (Yes, $1 million in a heartbeat).  Now at 240.  This is insane.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:57:41
Virtually all currency transfers globally are reversible in the fiat world.
Does anyone know if wire transfers are also reversible?
@_date: 2013-05-19 22:11:06
Every one who was closely involved with the early project says the exact same thing.
I think that they have suspicions but no confirmations.  In addition, they all kind of silently agreed to keep his identity a secret as he wished.  And they should.
@_date: 2013-07-18 07:12:50
Um, the vast majority of announcements by highly regulated public companies in highly regulated markets have a similar rise just before(days or hours) an announcement.  If anything I'd say it is impressive that that was ALL there was.
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:35:32


Most users do not need that.
Let the people who need that level of security pay for it without holding back the growth and adoption of the entire network.  Otherwise you're just creating RichPeopleCoin, not Bitcoin for everyone.


As blocksizes have gone up, nodecounts have gone up with them.  Increasing blocksize increases adoption; Adoption drives node operation.
Of course it is critical that the people who cannot afford to send a single transaction on Bitcoin can still afford to run a full node.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:04:23
Those numbers are based on a study over a year old.
I haven't found any more information about legal use vs illegal use, so I couldn't even begin to guess what the percentages break down to.  I'd love to know what they are now though.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:20:11
In the U.S. which is where he seems to be talking about, it is true.  A $100 house would be very, very suspicious to the IRS and would trigger a lifestyle audit.
@_date: 2017-06-23 20:56:02
also conveniently ignores the fact that Core claims to have fulfilled the HK agreement, and that claim is entirely dependent upon redefining what the agreement actually said.  The intent of the agreement was +2mb hardfork and segwit.  Core devs have claimed repeatedly and for a year now that segwit gives a blocksize increase and therefore fulfills the agreement.  But that wasn't what the agreement was for or actually said.
Word games benefit no one.  Core needs to stop basing their arguments on them.
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:26:01


Without replay protection no one is going to sell any coins except the clear longest chain coins, which without miners will be non-UASF.
No sane exchange would accept coins from a chain without replay protection unless it was the clear majority chain.  If they did, they'd lose millions of dollars when it finally re-org'd.  The UASF chain will be completely unusable.
@_date: 2017-06-09 03:00:34


FYI, many(but not all) of the core devs are completely and totally against nearly every block increase.  They will always be the strongest opposition to what the rest of the network desires.
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:31:29


No, the alternative is segwit2mb, which is happening and is already on testnet.
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:11:57
Because segwit2x is the only sane choice to move people forward, and it is on track with strong consensus from a wide variety of parties (not including the code devs).  Without segwit2x, UASF most likely would have fallen on its face with no hashrate to get the chain to its first difficulty adjustment, and I think many of them started to realize that (see the desperation in the UASF core devs demanding that segwit2x be made compatible with BIP148 without being willing to consider moving the BIP148 timelines at all, which segwit2x did end up capitulating on).
There are a number of people here who are hoping to reject the 2x hardfork but utilize the segwit activation.  There's a lot more people who simply don't care about the philosophical political arguing and are happy with either or both.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:36:57
Put your money where your mouth is, then.  Instead of asking miners to risk $800,000 dollars a day on your wager, pool money with UASFers to pay miners who will mine for them - this money would have to be paid from the legacy chain if UASF fails, and you're going to have to put it in an escrow up front.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:49:36


Fair enough, but I think the same summarization could be applied to the arguments about bigger blocks.


Maybe... But we're all human.  People are people, whatever their position.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:17:45
It isn't a profit until it is sold for cash denominated in USD.  Only very rarely does the IRS bother pursuing someone for gains that were made entirely in another currency and not realized into USD.  When they do, it is usually because of something else suspicious like lifestyle exceeds income.  They never pursue gains made inside other investments until those gains are realized, i.e. berkshire hathaway shares.
@_date: 2013-06-19 16:23:40
So... Digital encrypted backup + paper backup...
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:02:41
Average it over the last 300 years and tell me it doesn't.  3000?  Gold has for more than transactional volume going for it.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:55:48


Pretty much.  Fucking sucks, there was a real chance for a brief time for everyone to get along and get to segwit2mb together.
@_date: 2013-04-15 06:05:32
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:18:31
No, nobody's doing it because it gains *nothing*
The same raw amount of data must be processed.  It has the same raw bandwidth and hard drive requirements because the same volume of hard data is being moved.  The same amount of time must be waited for the consensus merging to happen later.
It is just a more complicated way of accomplishing *nothing* in terms of tx/sec volume or blockchain bloat.
@_date: 2017-06-16 05:02:59


Can mostly be found in &gt; why would they want to destroy Bitcoin?
I don't think they want to.  They genuinely believe that segwit itself is bad for Bitcoin, primarily based on articles and blogs that are misleading and/or down right falsified about what segwit is and what it does.  There's false information spread on both sides.
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:26:54
Which is what they SHOULD do to reduce blockchain bloat.
@_date: 2013-05-02 02:19:22
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:02:06
Bitcoin- The only currency that can travel to Antarctica and back, without any fees.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:30:40
MtGox has a monopoly on trust.
Creating a slew of new exchanges is not going to solve the problem; we wouldn't trust them, and if any one of them ran with the coins(which they are apt to do) then the trust in many of the others would be damaged.
@_date: 2013-08-26 22:58:46
With what chips?
Never buy anything from a company without a working chip.  Many tape-outs do not work.  KnC has no working chip by now, and if they don't get working chips in the next two weeks, they will not ship in october.
@_date: 2017-06-19 02:40:08


The problem with this is that under his 100k tps on lighting, 3tps on blockchain theory, the lightning channels have to be a hell of a lot now than $1 each.  They also have to be a hell of a lot more than $10 each.  Remember, under his model nearly all bitcoin transactions must move to lightning and then they cannot move back off lightning because he's trying to run 30,000 times the transactions on lighting.  Today on bitcoin about 50% of the transactions are larger than 7btc and 75% are larger than 1btc; these channels won't be funded with $1, they'll be funded with $2000 or more.
That changes the math a lot. Moreover your second situation had him spending 40% on fees; the channels will already be many times larger than the transaction fees or else there is no point.


The delayed response most victims would have would give the attacker a major head start, plus the victims would have to find through the ensuing panic.


Too unproven and risky to put real money on the line until lighting has seen some growth.


Once were beyond a trivial amount of adoption, most people won't watch for free.  It takes resources to watch.  No one will pay a thousand watchers.
@_date: 2013-06-24 02:52:52
Sorry, no.  Holding, receiving and sending money is not illegal without a license.  Individuals do it every day.  It is only businesses who are in the business of doing this, and conceivably might do very large transactions, that have to register for this.
So anyone who'se primary business is transferring large amounts of bitcoins would be subject to this(MAAYBE).  The Bitcoin foundation does not do this.
@_date: 2017-06-13 02:39:00


Shitty compromise that has failed for 2 years, great job. Pat yourself on the back!
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:13:42
Ad hominem is attacking the person instead of the argument.  That's exactly what you did.
@_date: 2017-06-12 15:32:45
Yeah it's better to listen to the peole who staked nothing on bitcoin specifically and can must move to alts (blockstream) rather than the people who are tied to bitcoin permanently (miners with sha256 miners deployed and running).
Definitely no need to check your assumptions there.
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:58:29
I would disagree, but there was already a post pre-emptively created about this...
So that makes it more annoying.
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:14:35
It is critical that the people who can no longer afford to send a transaction on Bitcoin can still afford to run a full node.
@_date: 2017-06-11 22:03:59
I don't and won't.  Segwit 2mb has real backing from real people who are really willing to put their money where their mouth is.  UASF has none of that, especially no one actually putting money on the line (miners).
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:27:34
Just one problem.
Your chart shows miners supporting UASF.  In fact, it shows more miners supporting UASF than currently signal for segwit!!!
According to [the BIP148's own FAQ]( BIP148 is reliant on miners to determine how long it will take to reach the first difficulty adjustment.  **Without at least $800,000 dollars a day of hashpower**, or about 15% of the miners, BIP148 won't even be able to reach the first difficulty adjustment before expiration.
So the "user" activated soft fork is dependent on nearly a million dollars a day of mining power materializing between now and August 1.  **So far it has $6,700 dollars of mining power a day.** ([0.12% of the hashrate]( currently).  At that rate the soft fork simply will not have blocks at all.
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:52:53
By the way, here's yet another estimate:
Lines up with yours.  I can say that the electricity price in that area was most likely around $0.03 to $0.04 per kWH.  The big difference is that the overheads of mining take a lot more than people expect (mainly business overheads, labor, and downtime / underperforming miners.  Cooling is probably only 5%).
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:15:09


No ur stupid!
@_date: 2013-04-30 18:44:38
The timelines do not line up.  The Winklevoss' claim they started investing last summer, in 2012.  That address was funded for the first time in 2011.
Moreover, other news reports say they have their funds stored on multiple flash drives in multiple bank vaults/cities.  That seems to imply multiple wallets(but not necessarily).
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:04:04


When did that happen?  Lowest I saw after the 33 rise was $1.5?


Except it is bad for consumers because they can get scammed and there's no recourse.  The discounts might sway them, though.


Didn't work very well in Cyprus.  Also their actions are heavily restricted because of the way they have found to work around the legal systems.  I think they will start small, but the features for them are just too precious to pass up.  They definitely care about reversibility of transactions, as there isn't a lot of trust and few recourses other than killing eachother.
Interesting idea though.  We'll see where it goes.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:51:22
There is no plan.  What I want to happen has little to do with what *will* happen.
Bitcoin is perfect for illegal transactions.  It is the next adoption phase.  Then comes international transactions.
People think of it as a banking replacement, but it isn't.  People think of it as a paypal replacement.  But it isn't one.  It doesn't do what those things do *better.*  What it does do better is move monstrous amounts of money securely, anonymously, across borders, and irreversibly.
We have never before had a currency where a $1 billion transaction could be moved as easily as a $1 transaction.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:32:11
They are one and the same to a miner.  Technically it is opportunity cost, but miners can't afford to forgo that; business overhead is nearly equal to the electricity cost and the lion's share of the cost is in the miners themselves, most of which do not ROI.  Miners have dangerously small profit margins and mostly depend on price increases like everyone else.
Edit: math here if you want to see, a bit more accurate than the 1.1 million number: 
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:58:12


Lack of data mostly. I have it for noncash, don't have it for cash.


Well not if we don't shard, lol.  Or at least scale huge.
We may have to draw the line somewhere, or rather, the markets may have to.  But we shouldn't draw that line until we have to.


Right, but what do those higher level networks look like?  You already said you don't support Lightning.  Is there another potential one?
And don't we still need to scale as far as we can safely, to prevent that from simply being built on top of a more popular coin that did scale farther safely before it hit the limits?
@_date: 2017-06-23 02:24:23
What I mean to say is, based on previous block growth, the maximum effective block increase" from segwit (~2.2mb)'s worth of transactions will be full again around early 2018.  So assuming even perfect adoption, it still isn't enough to get us to the point where Lightning could begin to (maybe) pick up some of the transaction loads.
@_date: 2017-06-04 11:04:56


I do do that a lot.  Paid by no one. Shit, I have enough btc that noone could buy me.
Edit autocorrect.
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:28:45
Yeah because accepting the reality that your proposal isn't as popular as you assumed is just too painful, right?
@_date: 2013-04-28 06:18:09
I don't understand how you think a P2P exchange could work.  You are moving money from a world where *everything* is tracked and traced, at least in large volumes.  That makes it impossible to transfer it into a world where nothing is trackable unless you go through a Gateway(exchange).  The two systems cannot intertwine.
I also don't doubt that it is in the government's best interest to ban Bitcoin.  It would be in the government's best interest to seize all corporations too, but they will never do that(under a Democracy anyway).  What I doubt is that they have the ability to actually ban Bitcoin or make it illegal from a merchant &amp; corporation perspective.
How could they accomplish it?  What would the law be?  How would they sell it?  Who would fight it, and how vehemently?  How bad could this ban make the politicians look?  How many of their lobbyist backers would it piss off?
Those are the questions that determine a law's passage, not what is in the best interest of the government.
@_date: 2013-06-14 18:30:53
I don't understand all the regulation hate.
We must have regulation.  Bitcoin will never thrive and never reach its full potential if it is disconnected from the major world financial networks.
Sure, they can't kill Bitcoin.  But if all of the major economies in the world were to outlaw fiat &lt;-&gt; btc exchanges, it would prevent Bitcoin from being adopted to its full potential for the next 40-50 years.
So let them regulate.  Those who really don't want the regulation will find ways to exchange outside the major exchanges(e.g. localbitcoins).  It won't affect those who don't care about it.  Does it kind of suck?  Sure, just like damn near everything else the gub'mint does.  But we have to have it to reach our full potential.
@_date: 2013-08-29 05:40:44
They returned it.
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:29:19
Well said!
@_date: 2013-04-17 18:38:04
cheapest shares and biggest volume are at bitfunder.com  Can also buy at btct.co
@_date: 2013-08-28 18:45:15
You can underclock it to ~7.5w / GH
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:51:02


Right.  No serious fund is going to move in until we reach step 6-7.
But the ones who are known to be risk takers and expected to deliver a higher ROI will move in in step 5-6, and the shareholders will be ok with it because that is the kind of fund they invested in.
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:57:00
500k?  You mean 5k??
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:22:27
Even transferring from one account you own to another account you own? 
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:00:33
Roads, and fire departments are paid for by state and local governments(in the U.S.).
Health care is paid for by corporations, as required by Obamacare- Not by the government.  Again, U.S. specific.
But the federal tax rate is ~20-35%.  State tax rates are typically 10%.  Local tax rates are 1-4%.  Wonder where all that money goes if it isn't for roads, fire departments, and health care......
@_date: 2013-10-17 04:00:55
Things will calm down around July/Sept of 2014.  Unless Bitcoin shoots above $250.  In which case, hold on to your helmet.
@_date: 2013-04-14 10:19:07
Well, not exactly- An honest node without a blockchain would simply start looking for a copy of the blockchain.  So all of the nodes would try to find a copy of the blockchain.  If they couldn't find one, I assume they'd start a new blockchain until someone shows up with a longer chain.
Either way we're talking about extremes that are... rather implausible.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:29:43


True dat.


Yes, but (in my opinion) their misguided logic regarding blocksizes and node operational costs is going to cause a chainsplit, potentially a permanent one.  Their logic stems from the idea that blocksize increases can somehow be avoided without the problems that the "other side" claims will happen, and/or their fears regarding higher node operational costs approaching paranoia.  Either way, the miners and many businesses have decided they are going to attempt a chainsplit in about 3-5 months, and the repeated arguments against even the small blocksize increase being attempted is going to convince a lot of people to reject the chainsplit.  This chainsplit will be very bad for Bitcoin.


Transaction growth trends show that this is not going to happen.  Yes, transaction fees will fluctuate over short periods, but the long term trend will always be higher.  [Here is a graph that shows the rolling 6-month average]( number of transactions per month from 2012 to 2016 when blocks got full.  That averages to +80% growth year over year, fairly consistently.  There should be no question that that kind of growth and demand is going to drive transaction fees through the roof if blocksizes aren't expanded to accommodate the influx of users and usecases.
Furthermore, there's a lot of posts, including one this weekend, claiming that the transaction fees are being arbitrarily pushed up by people spamming to try to force blocksize increases.  Nonsense, we're right on schedule with our growth trends, actually even a bit behind schedule.  Fees only dropped because it was the weekend, they're[ back above 250 sat/byte today.](


I'm honestly happy with either as well, but make no mistake - the past growth trends, our only reliable way of predicting future demands, will have segwit-only blocks full in about 10 months from now.  +2mb gives us substantially more time, and will get us through to early 2020 before we're in trouble again.


To be clear, I'm not saying the txfees will be $100k, I'm saying the transaction sizes will hover at minimum around $100k, lower on weekends.  The fees justifiable for such large transations will naturally be much higher than the $1-10 fee range being discussed today.  I mean hell, [look at the segwit documentation]( created when segwit was originally being discussed in early 2016.  They state:


The highest fee the list is $1 per 250 bytes.  We PASSED that point nearly 2 months ago, right on track with growth trends.  Clearly someone screwed up their understanding of the growth and blocksize economics, else it wouldn't have been in the FAQ.  Segwit-only will have fees above $1 per tx by May 2018, I guarantee it.
@_date: 2013-07-07 16:41:44
This is not true.  The freezing is decided and ordered by the government, not the banks.  And if they freeze one, they freeze them all.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:06:31


Oh bullshit.  UASF promoters are just as likely to be dishonest in their support as BU supporters or anyone else.  They're not magically more moral people just because they justify it to themselves.
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:28:44
Oh its great!  Thanks for asking!  I get lots of statistics and data like 84% of the community and nearly every large business supporting the things I say, and I'm not restricted to only posting in a place where saying certain things aren't ok.  The only downside is the trolls, really.  People who don't use critical thinking and aren't willing to consider any viewpoints but their own, but insist on spamming their garbage for everyone else regardless.  But other than that my fantasy world is nice!  Hows yours?
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:40:10
But excessive deflation could hurt Bitcoin spending to merchants, and thus hurt the Bitcoin economy over time.
Eventually the pools will have to start sharing transaction fees, as well.
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:10:22
Considering they have over 20% of the network hashing power now...
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:29:49
It is the exchanges, the investors, and the merchants I am concerned with.  They obviously can't shut it down.
@_date: 2017-06-12 08:46:04


Right you are, I should have gone further back.  Still doesn't change the point or negate it- they didn't create this, thus your entire latter point was irrelevant.


Yeah it's much better if the only people who can afford blockchain space are the super wealthy and mega corporations, right?  That's the coin you want, clearly.
Just a reminder, it is critical that the people who can no longer afford a single bitcoin transaction can still afford to run a full node!


Nah, I adequately answered the "challenge" because the "challenge" had even less in common with what I was saying than those.  No one is going to take over the github.  It will be forked, the fork will be used by every major economic actor, the legacy chain will be attacked and double spent to oblivion, and the remaining core devs will have a choice- finally compromise and merge in the successful fork, or become abandoned entirely.  The moderate core members will finally have a voice that isn't shouted down by Luke Jr, and the crazy libertarian conspiracy theorists will have to leave.
That has nothing to do with your stupid linux question.  And it won't matter whether it's called bitcoin core, or bitcoin2x- the economy will follow.
@_date: 2013-05-16 05:28:46
That's something dwolla supports, not mutum sigillum.  Mutum sigillum won't transfer from you to someone else using mutum sigillum. MtGox's accounts might through the bitcoin network, but MtGox is located in Japan. Mutum sigillum is not.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:55:23
sounds like a fantastic solution to a hypothetical scenario that will never ever happen.
@_date: 2013-05-09 05:40:37
You're completely missing the point.
They aren't selling a "widget."  They are selling a bitcoin miner.  It produces *bitcoin.*  People are going to evaluate it in terms of the *bitcoins* it produces, not the fiat value of it.  You might think that electricity would factor in, but right now, it wouldn't.  ASIC's cost a tiny fraction of GPU/FPGAs electricity, and no one can produce nearly enough of them to saturate the market demand yet.
So thus, people will be evaluating the bitcoins that can be produced in bitcoin terms against the global hashrate estimates, none of which are currently bound by fiat conversion rates.  Will the bitcoin-&gt;fiat exchange rate ever matter?  Some day when the network hash rates catch up to the recent run-up &amp; the efficiency improvements.  But not in the next 12 months, and probably not the next 16 months.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:20:34
just a day in the life. :P
TBH, I think this WAS a correction, but it was mostly a correction of nervousness.  Bitcoin has a long way to go yet, and it is going to have some very painful moments.  You don't start a trillion dollar currency without some wild, scary rises
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:51:07


No data supports this.
And no, the software running on a node doesn't count unless it is clear that the user running that software explicitly chose to do so because it supported the thing you claim it supports.
[The best data available says 71%.](  Not exactly a mandate.
@_date: 2013-01-31 19:12:47
That isn't really a fair evaluation.  That's about as wildly optimistic as it could possibly be.  If the bitcoin system had NO flaws whatsoever, and was never attacked or reached scaling limit problems, it might reach that level in 100 years- After all of us are dead.
@_date: 2013-05-15 23:54:03
Until FinCen made their guidelines, Finance lawyers didn't know what to make of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:34:51
The problem is that there(currently) are a lot of people waiting in the wings to buy up "cheap" bitcoins.  It has a lot more faith in it than it did in 2011.  As it starts to fall, more people will line up to buy.  Hell if it somehow fell to $20, I'd dump half my stocks and move thousands into BTC.  I'm not holding my breath though; We'll never see $20 again unless bitcoin's encryption gets broken.
@_date: 2013-05-19 19:50:31
In addition to what winterborne1 said, bitcoin's private keys are ECDSA, which is prime number based:
(Not trying to diss you, just helping to explain Bitcoin's code- It uses 3 different variations of cryptography)
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:45:19
How else do you think that asicminer got 5 terahash online in about 3 weeks?
 (7 TH/s currently)
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:35:37
Me too.  I'm excited every day. :P
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:20:35


Banks can't steal cash*.  It is FDIC insured with a lot of legal recourse and even criminal proceedings.
.* Disregarding of course the schemes that big bankers tend to run in certain banks like AIG.


If you want to do large volume, you go to MtGox.  If you are concerned about your money, you go to MtGox.  For most of their life they have had over 80% of the market.  They are at least 10x the size of their nearest competitor.
@_date: 2013-04-25 18:04:03
The best way to handle this is probably just to start dumping the bitcoins back into the network with a series of high-transaction-fee internal btc transfers.  I.E. if a ~100btc deal goes sour, spread a bunch of transactions(1 per block) out with a 0.5btc fee per transactions until the excess is gone.  That way you are paying back into the bitcoin network in a fair and distributed way, and, more importantly, helping provide miners incentives over the long term to keep mining(Something that may become a problem in ~30 years if we don't start using transaction fees).
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:48:27
They are already mining a lot of bitcoins for themselves.  They are running into power and scaling problems as they try to bring online the next 50 TH/s.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:24:35
Because exchanges between the bitcoin world and the real world(like MtGox, but there will be more) will trade pallets of cash in a completely legal fashion, and they must follow the rules of both systems.  Once the cash is in the bitcoin world, it becomes untracable.
They could invent their own currency, but they'd have to get their own exchanges running, and get people to do the pallets of cash trading for them as you mentioned.  And they'd have to do it in ways that could be legal else they would be shut down.  Bitcoin already provides that.
Bitcoin is going to be used for what it is good for- Semi-Anonymously, irreversibly transferring or storing any sum of value in a secure, low-cost fashion.
@_date: 2013-01-01 09:08:31
Of course most of those graphs would be on an upward trend; Any site that is reporting "number of users" will look like that because they are reporting inactive users too.
Is there any similar graph that shows number of active users / day?
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:50:46
Based upon what hard data do you blame miners for this situation entirely?  Miners have shown twice they are willing to compromise, and consistently favored more scaling.  Core are the ones refusing the compromise now.
Surely there's some hard data that supports the narrative that this is miners fault?
@_date: 2013-03-10 17:55:41
He's asking for a physical page for people to see in-person.  Not a link.
@_date: 2013-06-25 01:47:31
Governments abandoned the gold standard because it benefited them.  Individuals never did, which is why gold is still worth so much.
I doubt Bitcoin would be globally adopted by governments.  But it might be globally used as a store of value and transfer of large sums.
@_date: 2017-06-24 01:11:26
I literally stated that core devs have made claims.
They have.  Have all of them?  Probably not, but the definition of core dev is already vague so you could argue anything based on that.
My point stands.  Several prominent longtime core devs have claimed that they fulfilled the agreement, on numerous occasions.  That claim is a lie.  Bring on your word games.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:37:12
the "user" activated soft fork will fail without "miners."  It even explains so on the UASF.co FAQ.
Kind of makes a joke out of the whole "user" aspect of it
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:14:44
Now at $38.  Confidence in the bubble is GONE.  You were saying?
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:36:21
has hit on a few of the potential problems, but there are more.  [Here's]( a short summary and [here's]( more detail.
is correct that many of these concerns are not being adequately addressed or answered by the proponents of lightning.
tl;dr: Using Lightning to pay for coffee may happen if Bitcoin's on-chain stays viable for purchases in the $75-$150 range.  Without a blocksize increase though, that [will not happen](
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:49:04


That's what I asked you, but thanks for showing that you don't understand.


I never said that.  I believe it is critical that the people who can't afford to send transactions can still afford to run a full node.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:32:04
I've asked to see if there's any help over there:
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:24:06
It sounds like rather than figuring out where SR is hosted, they are attacking SR through TOR, and therefore TOR itself.
@_date: 2013-11-10 17:41:25
There's a lot more than early bitcoiners here reading.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:25:12


CAAAGE FIIIIGHT!
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:55:33


Do you understand your own BIP?  [It doesn't activate anything, see the third paragraph under "What is BIP148?"](  It rejects non-signaling blocks entirely and chains with non-signaling blocks on them.  It doesn't activate anything, it piggybacks on the existing BIP141 code that activates at 95% MASF.


The only people that will be mining BIP148 blocks are those who explicitly signal for UASF and are running the code during the flag period.  You linked me to a chart showing 30% of people signaling for BIP141.  Signaling for BIP141 is not the same as signaling BIP148.  Effectively zero miners signal for BIP148 and they would have to have 51% to have any hope of succeeding even if every BIP141 miner signaled for BIP148.


Fat chance.  The Bitcoin network is designed to fight back against the very kind of attack you are describing, out of necessity.  Otherwise a government could try GASF for govcoin.


Which is like, zero miners of significance, anywhere.  Any reasonably sized miner is either on the faster relay network backbone or else it has excellent peering (I know, I have worked on solo mining peering projects in the past).  Even if what you're describing **somehow** ***magically*** did work, it wouldn't change anything - The miner would attempt to build an "invalid" block on top of the segwit blocks repeatedly and be orphaned every time; The operator would see this and reconnect to find peers that weren't screwing with his propagation, just like he would do with a GASF.  His client won't just magically start signaling segwit.
I think you've been fooled by a bunch of trolls and you're going to lose your bitcoins on this fork if you don't actually learn how this works and why no sane core dev nor the leadership of this sub or the forums supports this crazy plan.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:33:12
After much intense suspicion, he confirmed it will disable asicboost as segwit currently does (no changes to that)
@_date: 2017-06-11 21:09:10
Exactly the right position!  I shall do the same.  Practicality over trolling!
@_date: 2013-05-18 17:02:33
I don't understand you guys.
You seriously believe that something as revolutionary as Bitcoin can exist outside the rest of the world's established systems... simply because we want it to?
No.  It cannot.  And even if it could, Bitcoin can't become what it should be without a massive influx of labor, services, and investor money. It needs those people, they do not need it.
Bitcoin needs thousands of programmers to build services on top of it, it needs investors to provide liquidity and volume. It needs companies to provide reliable infrastructure and security. It needs day traders to provide stability and price seeking.
The vast majority of that has come and will come from first world countries. Rwanda doesn't have thousands of programmers and millions of dollars of infrastructure to throw at this. First world countries have regulation. They rely on regulation to keep them safe from nefarious, untrustworthy people, and from the unscrupulous wealthy.
Regulation will be a core part of Bitcoin moving forward. It has to be if you truly want Bitcoin to become the global phenomenon that it could be. The regulators will realize too late that they have lit a fire they cannot control, and bitcoin inside the network cannot be tracked or stopped. But the important thing is that the exchanges and gateways into the Bitcoin world need to be regulated to be accepted, and they need to be accepted to grow.
@_date: 2013-03-23 17:41:15
Did you know that 9/11 was an inside job!?!?!?!?
I swear every day I read more stuff that makes me think half the bitcoin movement is a bunch of paranoid delusional people.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:29:08
Sorry, I just don't ever think we are going to see a price under $20 again.  I said this when we didn't fall from $47 and made my last big buy.
@_date: 2013-08-28 18:42:50
It already is a threat to the U.S. dollar, but that isn't enough to make the government act against it.  They need proof of terrorists n' child porn.  And drugs.
If they DO act against it, US exchanges will be closed and other major exchanges in the world will lose a vast majority of their volume.  The value of Bitcoin will plummet more than 90%.  If instead they regulate and provide guidance, the value will skyrocket more than 250% as less risky-savvy speculators start to buy in.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:51:21
Separate. 
@_date: 2013-05-18 16:57:08


You aren't seeing the big picture here.  Bitcoin can't become what it should be without a massive influx of labor, services, and investor money.  It needs those people, they do not need it.
Bitcoin needs thousands of programmers to build services on top of it, it needs investors to provide liquidity and volume.  It needs companies to provide reliable infrastructure and security.  It needs day traders to provide stability and price seeking.
The vast majority of that has come and will come from first world countries.  Rwanda doesn't have thousands of programmers and millions of dollars of infrastructure to throw at this.  First world countries have regulation.  They rely on regulation to keep them safe from nefarious, untrustworthy people, and from the unscrupulous wealthy.
Regulation will be a core part of Bitcoin moving forward.  It has to be if you truly want Bitcoin to become the global phenomenon that it could be.  The regulators will realize too late that they have lit a fire they cannot control, and bitcoin inside the network cannot be tracked or stopped.  But the important thing is that the exchanges and gateways into the Bitcoin world need to be regulated to be accepted, and they need to be accepted to grow.
@_date: 2013-11-16 19:52:45
It is interesting to see which of the departments mention that virtual currencies pose significant advantages and innovations(Such as the FBI) and which focus solely on the negative and a "go after them" attitude(Homeland security).  The DHS has got to be the worst creation of the U.S. government ever.  Thanks Bush and Osama, you guys made a great team.
@_date: 2017-06-04 07:05:23


IMO, this isn't really a "choice" the exchanges have to make.  If there are two competing chains, they cannot call them both the same thing.  The only "choice" would be whether to rename both chains or just the smaller/newcomer chain, and I think that is likely to always be the default choice.
But otherwise you're spot on.  Have an upboat!
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:26:47


You aren't this stupid, so please stop claiming this.  BIP148 changes consensus rules.  That splits the chain.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:29:41
That's already how it works.  Just the fees are too low to manage the increasing number of tiny transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:23:39
The owner of SD would probably have the same problems as the shareholders.
Running these transactions floods the blockchain(lowering people's perceptions of SD) and more importantly, costs transaction fees(which SD pays for a return bid).
TL;DR: Other people are running these robots.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:12:49
fh34552342's way of looking at this is one way(# of wallets with &gt; 1btc)
Another way is using Mywallet data from blockchain:
Mywallet on there seems to account for 15-25% of total transaction volume(Crazy high?!?)
That puts the estimate of users at around 800,000 to 1 million.
@_date: 2013-03-26 14:41:24
I must agree.  The current prices have faced not one, not two, not even 3, but 4 different 20+% drops and then recovered.  I used to think this was a bubble.  Now I'm increasingly convinced this is the real deal.
@_date: 2013-11-16 10:44:39


People can control what inputs they choose to spend.  The built in client would then have to become aware &amp; let people either choose the inputs they are spending, or automatically favor untainted coins.  So yes, they could, but there are workarounds.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:41:03
Woot functions mostly as an independent entity.  When Amazon acquired them it was with the understanding that they wouldn't change much of anything about their culture.  It wouldn't hurt to contact them!
@_date: 2013-02-28 18:39:06
You are almost certainly right.  REAL interest in bitcoin is not double what it was 45 days ago.  This could end up with a very painful correction.  Short sellers are needed to help a market price correctly.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:57:31
Kind of... Mutum Sigillum is simply a transfer entity between two accounts that are fully owned by it/parent company.
Customer dwolla account -&gt; mutum Dwolla account -&gt; mutum bank account -&gt; Mtgox
Since Dwolla does the actual transferring from customers, Mutum is simply transferring money internally from accounts it owns to accounts it owns.  It is a bit of a stretch to say it is a MSB.  MtGox is clearly a MSB, but they follow japanese MSB regulations.
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:19:41


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:43:06
Bitpay absorbs the currency risk and manages the currency exchanging for the merchant.
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:34:52
Here's my attempt.  Kind of an ELI5 version.
As everyone knows, currency requires scarcity.  For example, with gold, there is a limit to how much gold people can find.  You can always go out and try to dig up more, but you aren't very likely to be successful without a lot of hard work.
Dollars are scarce because the government controls the printing of it, and aggressively pursues counterfeiters and people who try to cheat the system.
Another scarcity is computer processing power(and electricity).  You can make more, but it takes effort to do so, just like it takes effort to go out and find more gold.
So if you wanted to make a digital currency, you could use computer processing power as a scarce resource and ensure that everyone follows the rules and doesn't counterfeit- They have to prove their currency is legitimate with computer processing power(A limited, scarce resource).
The other thing a currency needs is a way to be moved around, exchanged, tracked, and stored.  Banks do this with computers all the time!  They track how much money everyone has, exchange it and move it for purchases, and they store it on their hard drives!  Sometimes those computer bits don't even correspond to cash in a bank vault, since it isn't necessary anymore!
So now if we wanted to make our own digital currency... If we ONLY had some massive supply of computing power to run the network and process transactions... But wait, didn't we determine above that computer processing power is our scarce resource?  What if we used that computer processing power as both a scarce resource AND to run the network?
And that is how the bitcoin network runs.  People contribute computer processing power, and that processing power runs the network.  The people who contribute that processing power are rewarded in the form of bitcoins to their account.
Bitcoin accounts work the same way as when you go to a secure website online.  Your computer communicates to the bank with a secret key that only it knows, and the bank communicates back with a secret key that only they know.  To any outsider listening, the encrypted communication looks like gibberish.  In the bitcoin world, that means that your "wallet" is a secret key that only you know, and the network has ways(using cryptography) to prove that you are the holder of the secret, and therefore the bitcoins themselves.  In order to spend your bitcoins, someone would have to get a hold of your secret key(wallet file), which is usually protected with a password just like your bank account!
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:34:19
Except Berlin.
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:22:41
I agree, but what redshirt was talking about was that bitcoin can't bubble.  Bubble, in the parlance that it is primarily used, is a speculative driven overextended rise, followed by an extremely painful drop, which often costs people fortunes.
That absolutely can, and likely will, happen with bitcoin as it becomes a global power.  Everyone with a realistic picture should know that bitcoin rising 460% in 60 days, or 2,700% per year is completely unreasonable and either needs to slow down, or it is going to pop and plummet.  No one would be happier than me to have it continue that trajectory, but someone who wonders "Could this be a bubble?" needs to be told "Yes, this could be a bubble.  You must think long term."  Not "Bitcoin is not capable of a 'bubble.'"
@_date: 2013-03-29 05:26:44
There's lots of ways to do it.  For the scale that mtgox has, it can easily be done in a mysql or mssql database.  For larger scale systems it eventually needs a purpose-built system for the trading engine and a fleet of data replicators to report the state of the order book.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:29:36
I'm not sure- why was the liberty dollar considered illegal and seized?
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:39:41
Its a good thing that she isn't cheating.  She's revealing the true state of the Bitcoin economy.  Which is small, difficult to use, and rapidly, rapidly expanding.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:53:52
Slight addendum- Can't you create a wallet on a computer that has never been connected to the internet(using bitcoin-qt) and simply send coins to that address?
Bitcoin has checksums on the address.  But it does not need to have seen the address in use, ergo, you can send coins to an address that the network has never seen before.  Right?
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:13:45
They would be making an ASIC.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:41:31


So in order to stop the hardfork, we're going to hardfork guys!
BEST PLAN EVA!
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:29:42
It is the exchanges, the investors, and the merchants I am concerned with.  They obviously can't shut it down.
@_date: 2013-04-29 16:10:04
Asicminer is selling them here, NOW, delivery immediately(last batch delivered in 4-7 days).
Any other method is going to be a very long wait.  In order to bid this late though you'd probably have to PM John K if you don't have an account.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:43:08
TBH, people compare it to paypal, visa... but it isn't a great replacement for paypal or visa.  It is missing features: buyer security, instant confirmation, and transaction number scalability.
It is a fantastic replacement for wire transfers, international money movements(big or small), currency comparisons, and a store of value.  The transactions scale incredibly well with the size of the transaction, something that has *never* happened before.  That is where we are going to grow.  Western Union will have to adopt or die, and banks should be nervous.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:10:40


A simple majority of what?
A simple majority of nodes defecting would NOT stop the main chain.  If that were possible, any government could also attack Bitcoin with 51% fake nodes.
Every exchange would have to get on board.  The only way to get that is to have the longest chain.  The only way to have the longest chain is to have 51% of the miners.


Miners aren't stupid.
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:05:20


In other words, no, not even 10%.


In other words, it isn't the miners, it is the USERS!  But not the users nodes.  Nope, no sir, that's not trustable.  Its "economic activity" that matters!  And you can't measure that so HAH!  Economic activity and Reddit upvotes are all that matters for UASF!
@_date: 2013-08-16 14:53:31
He stole about 260,000 BTC from thousands of people in a ponzi scheme.  Details:
The SEC is charging him with running a Ponzi scheme.  For people who lost BTC, damn near the best action a government agency could take.  They might(?Maybe not) even get some small amount back.
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:27:21
I agree fully.
I wish our governments would pull their heads out of their asses.  In this day and age with computer technology, we can easily have people vote for a federal budget.  People could be as detailed or have as little detail as they wanted, and funding would get allocated as PEOPLE want it, not the other way around.  People who don't have time to create a whole budget for the government could follow a template made by an organization they support.
Dreams, of course.  It'll never happen.
@_date: 2013-04-02 01:54:05
I don't think M-of-N is actively working in the bitcoin clients yet?
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:20:41
Woop woop!
@_date: 2013-05-18 07:05:28
And yet it is 9 gigs and climbing....
@_date: 2013-03-12 18:51:00
Yes, let us not discuss a major component of the bitcoin world on That belongs somewhere else, like @_date: 2013-05-26 03:27:40
They don't block the sending / receiving.  Only the website access.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:51:26
Except the first 4, of course.  Since those already happened.
@_date: 2013-04-27 22:27:53
No, you are not.  The way to get out of newbie jail quickly is to do the required 5 posts, and then refresh the forum every 5 minutes.  I've had to do it before- There are chrome/ff addons that will do the refreshing.  Its still stupid though.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:06:47
The ones currently selling won't be shipping in the next 1-2 months.
The ones shipping now were paid for with 1,562 Bitcoins.  Those buying felt that they were investing in a Bitcoin related venture who'se returns would be tied to Bitcoin's price fluctuations.
They will end up with less Bitcoins than they started with.
@_date: 2013-04-16 04:16:44
What is happening is that all the people who were euphoric before are now scared.  Some of them are dumping because they only wanted a sure thing.
Everyone who queued up to buy(and believes) and did not buy yet is excited, but they want to wait until it bottoms out.  Once it bottoms out it will double in price in just a few days, but there's no telling how low that bottom is.  $45?  $20?  $10?  Who knows.
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:36:22
They can only make it difficult to cash in/out.  They can't stop sites like localbitcoins, but for obvious reasons localbitcoins can only handle so much volume.
@_date: 2013-06-28 15:54:00
They do reference the fact that the developers control the supply, therefore they may be talking about Bitcoin.
Or rather, they may believe they are talking about Bitcoin because they don't understand that certain aspects of it, like the supply, cannot be changed with Bitcoin and aren't subject to anyone's whims.  They might be confused just like California, yay! :(
@_date: 2013-02-27 20:47:49
In the U.S., it would be extremely rude and offensive.  It would be like people who leave these as tips rather than a $5:
@_date: 2013-04-17 18:53:42
Amazon coins have about as much in common with Bitcoin as honey boo boo has with game of thrones.
@_date: 2013-03-11 04:43:37
It isn't really about where you bought them.  It is about where you sold them.  The government cares little for money you spend, much more for money you make.
@_date: 2013-05-26 00:04:09
They seem to be advertising buying and selling BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:26:35
Don't worry.  He's going to end up in jail for tax evasion.  Sad.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:12:07
Funny story a friend told me today.  In the pacific islands at one point in history they used rocks for currency.  But only big rocks were valuable, which, of course, are scarce on an island.  So they would transport around these huge rocks whenever sheep were sold.  Everyone knew everyone else, so everyone knew what rocks belonged to who.  At one point a family sold a huge rock for something, and the rock was taken by boat across to another island.  The boat capsized and the rock went to the bottom.  Loss?  Nope- they kept using it as currency and trading it because they all knew who owned it and that it was at the bottom of the ocean.
Talk about difficulty doing a huge transaction. :P
* Disclaimer, I have no idea if any part of that story is true; just told this morning by a friend.
@_date: 2013-07-25 13:42:45
It is bad for Bitcoin in the short term.  The SEC will begin cracking down on Bitcoin businesses, exchanges, and trading sites as they see them within their purview.  A number of people are going to get screwed, and some of them are people who haven't done anything wrong(E.g., burnside &amp; btct.co)
In the long run, it is a very good thing for Bitcoin.  It will bring more businesses above board, provide more confidence for large investors, and eventually lend itself towards more stability.
@_date: 2013-08-02 22:07:20
They also haven't shipped anything at all, and Bitcoin is not something that can be charged back if they do not ship at all(For any reason).
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:44:24




Yeah guys, consensus systems don't need people, they just need tech!  Fuck people we'll out-brain them all!
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:07:42
No it isn't.  I don't agree with it.  You don't agree with it.  That doesn't make it illogical.  Segwit is a complicated approach to increasing blocksizes.  It's even more complicated because they wanted to ensure it was backwards compatible.  Segwit is a step towards sidechains, which are unproven and many people oppose.  Blocksize increases are a proven approach that are known to work, and not nearly as complicated as segwit.
There are many reasons that someone could logically oppose segwit.  Just because someone disagrees with you does not make them stupid.  It is especially bad that most of the people who call the opposition illogical have made no attempt to actually understand or debate the other side, yet somehow they are the arbiters of logic?  Please, we can do better than that.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:03:19
Lightning is cool, but [it has a number of potential risks](  Those will have to be mitigated through higher fees to cover the costs of using the network.
I would expect lightning to be able to give us a 2x capacity increase, which is still great, but I think anyone claiming a 100x or 1000x capacity increase are completely out of touch with reality.  Even 10x is pretty unlikely and would require nearly every on-chain transaction to be related to a channel, and would require very large bitcoin transactions to be able to find routes within Lightning without adjusting channels.
@_date: 2013-05-18 16:59:18
@_date: 2013-04-16 16:18:45
The problem is that you get places like Paypal, who, despite being good for the consumer, have completely fucked over thousands of merchants, many unjustly/unfairly.
Services will be built on Bitcoin that provide buyer confidence/security and dispute resolution.  They just aren't ready yet because this is all so new.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:33:55


This x1000.  If anything economics is best approached as a monstrous game theory problem.
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:33:53
If this is money you can't afford to lose, pull it out and take your losses.  You should not have bet money you can't afford to lose.
If it is not, keep it in.  Bitcoin is still in the early stages of explosive growth.  It is going to be a rough ride, but be patient.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:45:58




Not if; needs to be done.  Must be done, or else Bitcoin will be supplanted by an altcoin that does.  Bitcoin is not special or magical; Once it is no longer the dominant coin, it will be evaluated purely on its merits and features, and right now that looks very bad for Bitcoin.


I agree that a hardfork could ideally give many more things in an ideal world.  But as you stated, we have to deal with real life.  In a consensus system, you must compromise.  That compromise is segwit2x for better or worse.  If core got on board and cooperated instead of fighting the hardfork, we might actually be able to get some of those things in with it.


I think the opposite.  Core's plans weren't optimal, they simply were what the hardcore small-blockers within core who were over-represented were willing to accept.
@_date: 2013-04-17 23:15:23
If you are converting your BTC to USD, someone else is selling their BTC for USD.  You don't see a flaw in this?
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:27:05
There's no evidence of anything here except banks reacting to normal money laundering &amp; suspicious transactions, following normal procedures.  It sucks ass, but that is how it is.
@_date: 2017-06-24 04:05:23
Fantastic argument, I bow to your intellectual superiority.
@_date: 2013-04-13 20:43:14
The problem with litecoin is that it doesn't have the first-mover advantage.  I think a lot of people WANT it to catch on.  But other than their desire, it doesn't have any real reason to do so because it doesn't offer anything new compared to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:22:27
It will rise again.  This was just another correction.  We haven't bottomed out yet, but once we do, lots of people like me will be waiting to buy again, and it will rise.  The next crash/correction will make this one look small too, like this did with the $33 crash.
@_date: 2013-01-31 18:42:59
I think we'll see a top around 35 before people start to get nervous again, but no more than 50.
I don't think it will drop below 10 on the next drop though- I think we will see a steep fall, but people like me are just waiting for it to drop to shift a large amount of money into bitcoins.  I don't think bitcoins will ever be worth less than $10 unless some flaw in the system is found or it is hacked.
@_date: 2013-03-25 02:04:27
Is that the largest jump ever?
@_date: 2013-08-07 23:27:02
To be fair to them, it was an estimated lead time if I remember right, although I didn't read the purchase agreement.
Everyone should be getting used to delays in this industry.  ASICMINER has been close on their dates, but even they have been artificially delayed.
@_date: 2013-04-15 22:57:58
Perhaps we need something akin to DNS for bitcoin addresses.  Not sure how that would work, exactly, but it could solve the address problem.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:53:38
I'm not actually that familiar with the specifics of it.  I believe it might be something like you send it to a wallet with a special private key.  The private key can be constructed from any 2 of the 3 people's private keys.  Thus, 2 of the people have to agree on where to send the funds on.  The first two would be the buyer and seller, and the third being the 'trusted' escrow*.
The buyer sends the funds to this wallet.  The seller sends the item.  Once the buyer receives the item, he can agree that the seller finished his part and, with the missing key seller's key, he could send the funds on to the seller(escrow not involved).  If the buyer feels wronged, he disputes the transaction with the escrow, who now investigates.  If he finds that the item was incorrect or not sent, he and the buyer agree to return the money to the buyer.  If the escrow finds that the buyer lied, he and the seller agree to send the funds on to the seller.  If no one agrees, the funds are blackholed, or perhaps 2 of the individuals can agree to donate the disagreed-on-funds to charity.  Either way, 2 of the individuals can control the payout.
*The escrow can't actually steal the funds in this case, at least not without colluding with either the buyer or the seller.
I am not sure if it works through the process of a wallet or not; I don't know the technical details. :(
@_date: 2017-06-18 10:18:54
That's stupid.  The data shows more nodes as blocks get fuller, not less.  Moreover a full node can already be run for about 50GB a month of bandwidth.  That's $6.  Literally less than one transaction fee last week.
Blocksize increases were heavily tested under both classic and xt.  Until they got DDOSed into oblivion by the small blockers, anyway.  Why don't you prove that big blocks still push nodes of the network, since the data shows the opposite already?
@_date: 2017-06-04 22:36:14


You'll be moving forward at the incredible speed of one block a week.
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:18:25
Madness indeed.  :(
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:57:28
Coinabul is on the verge of getting a scammer tag for screwing over a guy who paid for insurance(They did not buy sufficient insurance despite him paying for it).
Not recommended. 
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:13:45
They 'compensated' people by giving them $20/oz.  They immediately then turned around the changed the value of Gold, instantly inflating the dollar in relation to gold and losing those people 40% of their money.  Some company in Switzerland got screwed out of $500,000, which in todays dollars is roughly 8.9 million.
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:38:18
BIP148 is an attempt to trick miners into gambling massive amounts of money when the users gamble nothing.  Don't believe me?  I challenge anyone to disprove this:
BIP 148 needs miners.  Desperately - If at least 15% of the hashrate doesn't run BIP148 (not segwit, BIP148 specifically), the BIP148 chain **will not reach a difficulty change before its expiration.** (confirmed by [the official FAQ]( under "Wont blocks become...")
That means miners **have to gamble $800,000 dollars a day in mining losses towards the UASF chain.**  Without them, BIP148 is doomed.
How many miners does BIP148 have right now?  About **$6,700 dollars a day of mining power.** ([0.12% of the hashrate]( currently.  The pools linked in this thread add another 1/8th to this if their stats are legit, so 0.135% and $7,500 a day).  If the BIP148 chain does not succeed, every miner who gambled with the UASF will lose their entire gamble.  The users lose nothing but a bit of time.
BIP148 is literally being gambled exclusively by the people with nothing at stake, but whom are expecting others to stake millions of dollars on *their* bet. 
@_date: 2017-06-03 05:11:20
Totally and completely untrue.  Nodes in AWS are just as effective or more effective than home nodes.
@_date: 2013-05-20 20:18:25
but wait lol we don't need corporate money, everything is fine without it!
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:47:01
This is them hashing right now:
 (7 TH/s)
They have pictures of the chips as they arrived a few months back.  They aren't just a chip reseller; they are a mining and chip design company.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:59:26
Mutum sigillum is not a currency exchange.  It is a transfer link from one account it fully owns to another account it fully owns in Japan.
@_date: 2017-06-03 01:49:11


A much more accurate estimate would use the bitcoin price around the time of the deployment, not the current one.  The price has gone up far too fast (and isn't stable yet) for us to have reached saturation.
And to be even more accurate, I can say that the non-electrical costs are about equal to the electrical costs in operations I have seen, maybe slightly less in China.  So assuming 1.5x overhead costs, 1btc per block tx fees (currently 3 but again using prices several months back) = ~18 blocks needed to break even at $900 saturation level.  18 blocks a month = 0.4% of the global hashrate.  
Not enough to even show up on the main chart. :(
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:25:10


The real world is that simple.  UASF boils down to a bunch of people putting nothing at risk(nodes) who are dependent upon miners they *need* to put millions of dollars at risk to succeed.  It isn't happening.
@_date: 2013-11-16 08:31:26


You can deter those who try to create it, or force competing ideas to dilute their value.
@_date: 2013-04-27 21:04:05
Another good one is The Red Queen by Matt Ridley.  Deconstructs all of evolution from a game theory-ish perspective.
@_date: 2013-06-29 06:17:45
Wow.  Just wow.
Every single person here is giving you absolutely terrible advice.  This subreddit has been overwhelmed by children who believe that if they dislike a law it doesn't apply to them.
Here's what this is.  Banks are required to ask specific questions of certain transactions.  While it is strange that they are doing this for less than $1000, the questions themselves are NOT strange.  These are the exact questions I have seen before during the AML training I had to go through for the company I worked for several years ago. (We sold Moneygram.)  In all likelyhood, this was either requested by the federal government specifically regarding wires to MtGox, or it was an overzealous interpretation of the regulations by the bank.
Either way, you have a few choices.
1. If you respond with nothing, the report will be sent to the government with that info instead of the answers.  Your account may or may not be closed.
2. If you close your account, they will note that.  Either way the government will know and will flag your name, which may make things more difficult years down the line(or may not).
3. If you comply and answer honestly, nothing will happen(unless you say "buy drugs on silkroad" or something).  They will file it away with thousands of similar ones.  So long as you don't get arrested for something they suspect might be related, nothing will ever come of it.
4. You make some shit up and answer with it.  Similarly if you do this, probably nothing will happen.  Same thing as 3. might happen.  If your answer is ridiculous/not believable, they might close your account.
Does this suck?  Yeah.  It is unfortunate, but that's how it is.  The government tracks all this shit.  Don't like it and don't think its legal?  It is.  At least a few court rulings have supported this type of thing, in many(but not all) situations.  Complain to the ACLU or EFF, they might be able to do something about it.
But Bitcoin is not strong enough yet to threaten the government.  So you guys can dismiss that crap right now.  Right now your options are to comply, leave the U.S., or risk having actions taken against you(Account freezing, investigations, etc).
@_date: 2013-05-18 06:57:59
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:19:00
Not centralized.  Not trying to "give away" XRP in the hopes of making a profit from XRP.  Not closed source.  Possibly less reliant on arbitrary gateway trust paths where one trust violation could bring an entire segment of the network down.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:12:44
[Further dividing]( an already deeply divided community.  They way forwards is understanding, polite debate, and compromise, not anger and force.
@_date: 2013-07-29 17:51:12
It is worth noting however that Bitfury has currently shipped 0 devices.  Every ASIC developer thus far(Avalon, BFL, Asicminer) encountered delays, so to assume that Bitfury will ship exactly on time is a bit presumptuous. 
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:09:46
They are weird and poorly coded.  That said, it does "work" and I have used it for both sides for a large volume.  You can get weexchange support by going on the IRC for bitfunder; the owner is on there a lot.  Not ideal I know.  I have had a better experience on btct.co but the share prices are higher.
@_date: 2013-03-04 01:21:49
Except that the IRS can still track people down by "lifestyle exceeds income" estimates.
They can catch citizens who avoid paying taxes.
@_date: 2013-05-18 07:10:02
There's ideas around this, basically creating a "blockchain state save" to occur every 2000 blocks.  Clients who care about the full transaction history could access it from historical/supernodes, but 99% of clients would simply use the latest blockchain state save block to rebuild the ledger state.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:23:20


If you had any data to back this claim up, I'm sure you would present it.
Without that, I have to ask... What reality do you live in?  Surely it is not the same one as the rest of us.
@_date: 2017-06-13 00:39:22




Right, I get the idea.  The problem is, if two users open two single funded channels, they cannot pay each other.  In fact they can't pay any other single funded channel until they've paid someone else already.  From a practical perspective, single-funded channels seem to be incredibly un-useful.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:53:05
Overall positive!
@_date: 2013-03-02 23:13:07
That is the basic idea.
However, huge problem.  If we are selling off 99% of the company's shares... A "company takeover" potential becomes a problem.  This isn't REALLY a company; it would just be buying bitcoin.  But it has to follow company rules, and the owners of a company could buy it up and then start doing other things with the bitcoin.  It is an uneasy place because we're trying to force an ETF to be a company. :/
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:21:38
Sorry, but you are wrong.  We need speculators for two reasons:
1. Speculators will eventually help the market identify the real price and bring it stability.
2. Speculators give it volume and market capitalization.  Most of what Bitcoin NEEDS to be successful is volume, market capitalizaton, and services built on top of it.  The services are not going to come if we don't have volume and market capitalization.
@_date: 2013-08-03 23:57:17
You could buy 100 Asicminer BE blades.  That's the only device you can buy right now and get 1 TH/s.
Or you could buy 2 BFL mini-rigs.  Who knows when they will ship, and you might read some of the bad reviews first.
@_date: 2013-08-06 00:37:52
Are these vetted in any way?
It is rare, but possible, that this bot could tip in some very inappropriate way.  I.e., someone posts some heart-wrenching sad story with no happy ending.  Worse if the story happens to involve some sort of fraud or hacking, which other people associate Bitcoin with.
Reddit tipbot comes in and says "This is fantastic. ... What the hell just happened?"
It would be taken as offensive advertising at best.  We should try to prevent that.  Other than that, this is brilliant and I want to donate.  What can we do to prevent that scenario?
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:08:15
Bitcoin is a virtual currency by Chinese law declaration.  Virtual currencies cannot be exchanged for real-world goods or services.  They made it illegal sometime between 2006-2009 to deal with gold farming and people working around their currency controls.
For now Bitcoin is under the radar there.  But any and every exchange site or trade of btc for RMB is illegal.
@_date: 2013-08-22 19:08:25
You are implying a level of malicious competence that BFL is simply not capable of.
They aren't mining with customers machines.  They had no customers machines.  The reason they were 6 months late to the party was that their first set of chips *failed.*  So they fell back to a quickly-built structured ASIC that delivered the hashrate for 5x the power.  They just couldn't say any of that.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:06:14
btct and bitfunder both have reliable "dead man's switches," I.e. friedcat can connect all of the passthrough shares with real accounts to recover from an exchange going down.
@_date: 2013-04-28 17:01:48
It is theoretically possible that miners could agree on a centralized way to blacklist addresses so that coins can't be spent(no miner will accept their transaction, making them worthless).
However, I highly doubt that the Bitcoin community will go for anything resembling centralization.  And I'm not sure I would want them to.
@_date: 2013-05-08 05:37:22
It isn't really a big deal.  It affects a very small proportion of the network, and the devs are working on solutions.  Since you can still send 0 fee transactions, the dust concept is only a theory right now.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:24:38
I'd love to know fundamentals on why I am wrong.
Bitcoin's competitors- who it outpaces in features- are gold, international money laundering/drug trade, western union, and currency trading vs deflationary currencies.
Any one of those justifies a price above $500/coin.  Several of them combined or some % of the share of one of them justifies a price in the thousands.
So where are the fundamentals of where I am wrong?
@_date: 2013-04-29 18:18:20
The last ones sold for ~74btc just a few days ago.  So clearly some people think it will.
50BTC is a high price for sure.  It is difficult to know how fast BFL and Avalon are going to ship, so any price is speculative.
@_date: 2013-08-04 19:23:28
They "claim" that they are bringing out a 28nm chip, but it is being designed for a fraction of the cost of what a 55nm chip NRE actually costs, by a company that has never taped-out any 28nm devices.  They have no idea what they are doing.
A 20nm chip is equally ridiculous.  Maybe late 2014.
Also surprisingly in response to this quote, Porsche has been around for awhile.  Ford isn't out of business.
@_date: 2013-06-28 22:16:42
A lot of the 43k is back-and-fourth trading, not real movements.  Only the exchanges can comment about the inflow/outflow of real money.
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:57:45
Erm, hopefully the engineers at MtGox blacklisted the things that were causing the flooding, and killed outstanding tiny orders in order to free up the lag.
@_date: 2013-05-19 06:45:45
Uh, what do you mean where you got them from did do something illegal?
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:07:32
Now sure how they got that conclusion... from what I've seen there is conflicting info from China on BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-06 06:58:12
45 days.  We're up 300% in 45 days.  She's gonna pop.
@_date: 2013-03-22 03:30:04
Generally the IRS isn't going to sweat $10k.  That is, they DO care, but trying to find and track $10k from a foreign corporation(mtgox/bitcoin) is almost impossible.  It won't change your lifestyle, it won't set off flags(break it into 2 smaller transactions though!).  They're much more concerned with the $1,000,000 transfers.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:40:15
Is there some reason that 7-zip/winrar are insufficient?  What does truecrypt offer that winrar/7-zip does not?
@_date: 2013-04-14 21:04:15
I believe it was a combination of FinCEN, bitpay, and more importantly, the bitcoin exchange prices surviving not one, not two, but three 'catastrophic' crash-like drops down from $47 to $35.  (As low as $26 at one time).  Once it survived all 3 crashes, I threw in the towel on waiting for a stable lower price and bought big.  I think some high-net worth investors moved in around that time too.
@_date: 2013-04-13 07:18:34
So I made a post recently [here]( that talks about some of this.
What you call volatility is actually the market searching and trying to evaluate the value of a technology that is super young.  To make matters worse, most of the normal channels used to evaluate a price(stock trading, brokerages, exchanges, market makers, options, earnings, fundamentals) simply do not apply or are not yet available.  So how the fuck do you evaluate it?
But bitcoin is clearly worth something.  It has major advantages over many normal channels like wire transfers.  So the market tries to price out what it is worth, and over the course of many months, it does, so it starts to level off.  As it levels off, it becomes more reliable, more easy to use, etc.  Now suddenly it is MORE VALUABLE.  The very reliability and valuation the market is seeking increased its value, which then causes a new wave of volatility as the markets now have to re-evaluate for Bitcoin's newly expanded influence.
The truth is, it depends on what and how many services it can replace.  Silkroad usage gave Bitcoin a pretty significant fundamental value.  Its deflationary nature gives it value.  Its ability to cross borders gives it value.  It being the first currency ever created that can scale to any size transaction is valuable.  How much value?  Well that depends on how easy to use it is, how readily available conversions are, and how dependable the prices are.
The irony is that the more stable prices become, the more Bitcoin is worth.
As far as its real, long term value?  If it replaces wire transfers, thousands.  If it replaces money laundering &amp; offshore bank accounts, tens of thousands.  If it replaces international currency evaluation &amp; movements, hundreds of thousands.  If it gets cracked or replaced by something better, $0.  If it gets banned in a significant number of countries, 1/10th-1/100th of the above numbers.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:07:19
They were blocked, or they were down?
That's... kinda scary.
@_date: 2013-04-27 21:25:09
Female-friendly porn + girlfriend = lots of sex.
There's not a lot of female friendly porn out there... but if metart accepts bitcoins and metart also has FFP... :P
@_date: 2017-06-23 00:30:27


This is false.  The most expensive high bandwidth node possible for solo mining costs a tiny tiny fraction as much as any substantial mine, under 0.1%.  Mining devices themselves only process block headers and don't care how big the blocks were.  This logic was spread by people who have no idea what real world large scale mining is like.
@_date: 2017-06-17 02:02:38


Some of them were indeed good answers, and so I edited my original post.  Rusty confirmed that users could indeed lose money just as I said, but said that it wouldn't be a problem because of the trustless zero-knowledge watchers that they were working on / had created.
I'm not totally convinced.  It seems like a complicated and potentially fragile system.  If there's a specific failure scenario that could cause a loss, it **will** happen, including multiple failures.  When it does, the users will blame Bitcoin, and it will be actual Bitcoins they've lost.  A lot of the lightning hype seems to me to be more like desperation, i.e., we know we don't want X, so we'll just do Y!  Y is great, yay!
Years of testing may prove me wrong, and I hope they do for all of our sakes.  But I'm afraid of people betting on an unproven technology too fast just because they don't want to do the other thing for &lt;reasons&gt;.
Regarding the other points specifically, several people asserted that lightning fees would be very low, but I haven't found anything that indicates how they could possibly know or even guesstimate what lightning fees will be.  I have, however, found several costs of operation for regular lightning operation, and those make me wonder that the fees won't be so low after all.
The developers kind of offhandedly dismissed or hand-waved away the concerns about a massive default all at once.  The lack of a clear answer is not a good sign and doesn't help me have any confidence in the system.


In my mind the time demands are not purely Ethereum, though that doesn't help, but rather the perception that will be built that Bitcoin is on the downward trend or consistently has higher fees, plus all the new adoption and growth that we could have but won't let ourselves have.




I really hope so.  The real reason not to is likely to come down to obstinance, though it is clear that Luke-jr is never going to support bigger blocks in any form.  I actually think a portion of the resistance to segwit itself comes down to the Chinese desire to avoid losing face.  Not all of it, but some of it.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:51:44


This is coming.


You don't have to know or care whether they do that or not.  Either way it is still cheaper for them, and ultimately for you, so long as you trust the seller.  The fee is 1%(vs 3-5%) with faster clearing(important to many merchants!), with no chance of chargebacks.  For merchants it is simply *better.*


We know this is a huge pain.  Unfortunately CC and paypal chargebacks create problems for anyone who tries to solve this.  We'll get there eventually.


Don't worry about them.  They don't matter.


Kind of.  No fee vs including a fee can make a few hours difference.  Increasing the fee generally does nothing since we haven't reached that point yet. (* Now that satoshidice fixed their shit)
@_date: 2013-08-13 16:51:08
This is the right answer.  He just needs to repeat that first sentence.
I'm going to steal that. :)
@_date: 2013-06-18 01:22:02
This is definitely something you can take to small claims court btw.  Won't involve lawyers, just you, the judge, and a representative from paypal who CANNOT be a lawyer.
@_date: 2013-05-12 04:02:04
Hey guys I would like to steal from Avalon so I can get rich.  Who wants to give me money to help me steal from them?  I promise I won't steal from you, that would be wrong.
What?  They open sourced their designs?  Oh.  Ok.  Who wants to give me money so I can get rich? I won't steal from you, I'm trustworthy.  Promise!
@_date: 2013-05-06 19:40:18
We're out of beta and we're releasing on time!
@_date: 2013-05-11 19:39:11
If you don't already, you should include a donation address in your app and occasionally highlight it.  The bitcoin community is very generous; it might result in some significant tips.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:34:46
There's no legal reason that mutual funds, etfs, or public companies couldn't.  Insurance companies and pension funds could invest in a public or private company that invests in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-13 00:58:48
The bug is with a dependency of the client, not a mistake of a bitcoin developer.  It relies on other libraries to compute and manage the volume of data.  One of those libraries had the bug.
@_date: 2013-04-13 00:11:17
Yeah there's no telling where this will go.  There's a LOT of support though; I know a guy who was skeptical a few weeks ago, but he just transferred money into bitfloor today to buy.  He's irritated he couldn't get in at $74.  Strong chance we are rising out of despair already.
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:33:43
How was it?  How were the people(bitcoiners) that showed up?  Did we represent the community well? :)
@_date: 2013-05-19 20:04:41
See this post:
I'm not sure the poster knows for sure, but it seems like a reasonable statement.  I would guess, though, that the Chinese government is going to like Bitcoin- It loses them almost nothing(The ways it subverts control doesn't interfere with the ways they control things), it challenges the U.S. dollar as a world reserve currency, and it undermines the ways the U.S. government attempts to control things.  It also doesn't hurt their currency controls(yet) because China pegs itself to the dollar for export purposes, not to punish citizens.  Bitcoin would have to become huge($2000+/BTC) before a significant volume of currency could subvert the currency controls.
@_date: 2013-05-23 18:59:49
Currently nothing BTC is blocked in China:  
  
  
  
In addition, China has lots of reasons they would like Bitcoin and very few why they wouldn't.  Their financial system and financial restrictions are not like the U.S's.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:29:13
It is the exchanges, the investors, and the merchants I am concerned with.  They obviously can't shut it down.
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:27:31
Sorry, that isn't really how the courts work.  *Most* courts in the U.S. apply the law in a fair way, and will come down very hard on any misaction by the feds.  Realistically the courts are our strongest ally.
That doesn't mean they always rule the way that you think they should, but it does mean that they take their job(fairness and law interpretation) very seriously.
@_date: 2013-04-19 07:52:45
You might be right.
I think you are making a big mistake.  A lot of people were waiting for the "crash" (if you can call it that) to bottom out.  It clearly has bottomed out, after more than doubling in value.
But the lead times on getting money into this system... Not to mention the backlog of interest built up from the "crash" that happened.  Technicals be damned, fundamentals say this shit is going up.  We'll see if I eat my words by Tuesday.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:27:12
I think you are overthinking the problem.  As gavin stated:






He's right, sadly.  The bitcoin network simply can't scale to be able to serve microtransactions at scale currently.
What it *can* do is have microtransaction systems built on top of it- very, very easily.  But the blockchain as the mechanism simply can't handle it for the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2013-11-12 09:23:26
Not that I wholly disagree, but some simple math...


A quick check on Forbes shows that there are at least 1,500 billionaires worldwide.  The highest estimates of per-coin value that I have seen seriously thrown around is around $100,000.  I've never seen any basis for claims over $100,000 other than, as said, highschoolers posting crap.
So to be a billionaire at $100k each, you'd have to have 10,000 XBT.  If the 1,500 current billionaires were all Bitcoin billionaires, that would tie up 15,000,000 bitcoins in just their wealth, or 71.4% of all coins.  That isn't even counting businesses, the middle class, lost coins/wallets, or anything else.  So no, no one is seriously suggesting numbers that actually would create more billionaires than have ever existed when you take into account businesses, the middle class, and normal money flows.  If Bitcoin really did become a world reserve currency(a *huge* if), it could easily sustain $100,000 per coin.
@_date: 2013-04-14 20:58:39
Buy and hold, spend, transfer, or speculate in.  It doesn't matter what type of use, it all increases Bitcoin's value.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:09:06
And these types of post trigger my scam senses.
How would you even know if they are very reliable on a service that hasn't yet launched?
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:25:59
Love it or hate it, that is the next step.  They encounter more problems moving large sums of money than anyone else, so they will adopt first.  Huge institutional investors are more risk averse, in addition to being hamstrung by numerous delays; striking a business deal can take years for them.
But, importantly, their transaction volumes combined with Angel/VC investors will form the foundation that the institutional investors need to make the leap.
@_date: 2013-03-11 04:56:04
Hm. Shitty.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:14:11
Also be sure these are the moving calendars that update frequently.
@_date: 2013-05-04 22:04:00
She has posted day 4: 
@_date: 2013-04-14 21:22:50
I do not believe the future of Bitcoin lies in Bitcoin accepting merchants.  It is way too early in this ride for them to be important.  At best, they help us make a case that the currency should be legal.
The future of Bitcoin lies in what it is really, really good at: Transferring and storing money of any scale across any international borders, with anonymity optional, and unfakable deflationary reliability.
@_date: 2013-05-01 07:20:35
I sent an email to Andreessen Horowitz(the company anyway) requesting that they do the right thing and return the stolen funds to Tradehill.
Doubt it will do any good.  But if they don't, the moment there is an alternative, I'll never use Dwolla again.
@_date: 2013-03-11 04:44:22
You simply cannot buy the volumes of bitcoin that some people want to buy through local bitcoin or 1:1 interactions.  Some people have to use MtGox.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:30:33
Please do!  This is one of the critical advantages of bitpay; Fast settlement, no chargebacks, and low fee.  All hugely important to merchants.
@_date: 2013-05-20 05:16:09
Still waiting for anything to start to filter online...
@_date: 2013-08-16 15:45:39
Yes, that's it exactly.  Thank you!
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:27:01
I think you are overthinking the problem.  As gavin stated:






He's right, sadly.  The bitcoin network simply can't scale to be able to serve microtransactions at scale currently.
What it *can* do is have microtransaction systems built on top of it- very, very easily.  But the blockchain as the mechanism simply can't handle it for the foreseeable future.
Reposting this to the top level so more people can see it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:35:09
You have to believe in the fundamentals of bitcoin.
Bitcoin is going to go up again.  It is going to have ups and downs.  We aren't done yet- there is going to another crazy rise in the next year or three that makes this look small.  And then there is going to be another crazy fall after it that makes everyone depressed.
Nothing has changed about Bitcoin.  The network is still secure.  The usefulness of Bitcoin is still here.  The future is still out there.
Oh, and don't invest anything you can't afford to lose.  If the Bitcoin network itself does get cracked, it is going to $0 in minutes.  And it will never rise again.
@_date: 2013-08-16 15:38:38
Transactions fees have nothing to do with taxes.  They go to profit, and they go to credit card subsidies to convince customers to use their card over their competition.
The protections that credit cards provide can easily be built on top of the Bitcoin ecosystem, we just aren't there yet.  They would also be cheaper to implement on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-29 21:43:23
Typo or just being clever? :P
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:05:26
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:47:30
Merchants accepting Bitcoin, whether they do so through a service or not, is awesome and totally needed.  You are in the wrong subreddit [is this way.](@_date: 2013-03-19 22:45:38
So do people who lose everything.  Funny that they have that in common.
@_date: 2013-05-02 16:17:55
I really don't understand all the bitching here.


Well no shit.  You are transmitting fucking money and dealing with huge sums of cash.


No, stop your stupid paranoia talk.  You missed the entire point of that block: **"and sells those units to another person for real currency"**
Again, no shit.  If they are selling currency, they are transmitting money.  This isn't rocket science.
@_date: 2013-02-08 04:42:07


2^128 is not half of 2^256.  It is the square root.  Many orders of magnitude different. 127 orders of magnitude, actually.


Thanks, Ken Olsen. "There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home."
When you're done enlightening us on how much technology couldn't possibly progress and how they will always be so slow, you can tell them damn kids to get off your lawn!
@_date: 2013-03-07 02:35:13
Was this article really front page of CNN??
@_date: 2013-04-14 21:20:11
I'm a long term investor.  I gave up on daytrading years ago.  Too close to gambling.
@_date: 2013-05-28 15:57:57
Good bot, but there should be a way to request removal of this comment when the parent has been removed.
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:31:34
I agree that an hours trading lag is unacceptable...  But I think that this correction was 99% a good thing.  When bitcoin continues up in the coming months the media won't know what to say... but we already have the institutional investors' attention.  And that is what we need for the next level.
If we didn't correct now, the correction from $700 to $140 would be much more painful.
@_date: 2013-08-19 17:10:35
You should be very aware that if you are doing that, you are very likely to eventually be caught for tax evasion.  Not much of an issue if it is less than $5k, but if you are moving more than that, the feds will come a knockin.  Buying the gold is barter and thus taxable as well.
@_date: 2013-05-19 06:47:28
He has sex with a goat.  I don't think you need to be concerned with his criticisms.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:15:51
Not really.  The satoshi's sent out were only a convenient statement, not a requirement.
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:44:49
This is brilliant.  Not only does it cause a surge of donations from individuals, it contributes to the bitcoin economy, and the people messaging the charities will bring bitcoin to their attention.  Charities accepting bitcoin = more insulation from federal aggression.  We should be pushing charities harder than we are pushing businesses.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:33:10
Comparing Krugman to Galileo is tremendously insulting to Galileo.
@_date: 2013-04-16 16:15:25
 is the generally accepted difference for a bottom.  The lowest price it reaches.  (Generally for an hour or day period, but still).
I agree that  is the best time to buy for long term traders.
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:59:51
Dwolla fucked over Tradehill for &gt; $70,000 on transactions that were not supposed to be reversable(And worse, MONTHS after the fact).  Tradehill had to shut down and sued Dwolla.  They have also taken numerous client's money at various points.  There's a few posts about it in this subreddit.
Dwolla does not give two shits about fairness or doing the right thing.  They just happen to be the best current alternative for large sums of money.
@_date: 2013-04-20 18:44:18
51% attacks do not allow you to double spend.  They only allow you to exclude transactions that would normally be valid.
@_date: 2013-07-03 22:25:03
Dinners aren't ordered for the exclusive purpose of producing Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:57:23
He said:


Bitcoin is just the mechanism behind the scenes.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:52:03
I have my doubts that this is a DDOS.  I'm betting they are seeing a flood of real traffic since the largest exchange is closed for the day and they are the second biggest.
It can be hard to tell a DDOS from public opinion.
@_date: 2013-03-01 18:25:09
I don't know if you did the math wrong there or not, but you wrote 80,000,000 which is 80 million.  80 billion is 80,000,000,000.
@_date: 2013-10-12 07:07:06
Submitted ACH's can be blocked or reversed.
It is a loan based on trust.
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:02:52
You have some confusion here.  Institutional investors typically have no ties to banks.
They are investors who are established, who have very large sums of money($1 million, even $1 billion, is not a lot to them), and investing that is their entire career.
Not a bank.  Not related to a bank unless they choose to buy one.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:05:23
Sometimes it is difficult to tell the difference between a DDOS and popularity.
@_date: 2013-04-28 17:14:53
Honestly this is probably not a good idea.  Most of your coins will end up thrown away, and to be fair to the servers you will need to leave a regular tip instead.
Do this instead.  Be social, ask them if they have heard of Bitcoins.  If they have and are curious(Or haven't and are curious/would like to get some), offer to tip in Bitcoins instead.  But absolutely do not push the issue.  First sign of resistance, leave cash.
@_date: 2013-04-28 18:33:36
Me too.  If someone actively is against Bitcoin and not just applying AML procedures, I would love to know why.  In some countries that is actually against the law to block / restrict a certain type of legal activity.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:08:34
Rawr!  Blame teh mods!  They are clearly not doing enough to change public opinion/reddit/general immaturity/fighting cancer!
@_date: 2013-06-19 23:30:29
This.  ^  As much as it is fun to hate BFL, this particular policy is reasonable.
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:29:02
The site is getting hammered and they haven't had time to optimize and step things up yet.  Unfortunately for CampBX, they are starting to have mt-gox style problems- They are growing far faster than they can keep up with.
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:57:12
That's good.
How can money transmitter licenses not be required yet?  Wasn't that what the FinCEN guidelines basically said?
Thanks for responding though, glad you are on top of it
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:10:25
I agree.  From the movie's perspective I felt like they were good guys overall, although I'm not sure I agree that Zuckerberg stole from them(not clear to me).
They seem to have really good personalities and be good guys overall.
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:14:54
Aaand now.
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:16:44
The funny thing is the ripple network is... weird.
It actually is fairly clever.  It is useful, and has a lot of potential.  But they forgot one huge thing.
Bitcoin works because at every level, at every moment, there's something in it for ME.  For the individuals who store value in it, for the merchants who accept it, for the miners who mine it, for the traders who use it, and for the early adopters who work on it.
There is *no* reason to use ripple.  They forgot that people need motivations to do things, and people are self-motivated.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:37:28
Because they've been around longer than anyone else and haven't run off with the voluminous amounts of money they have held.  The new people can earn trust too, but it takes time and big transactions.
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:54:57
@_date: 2013-02-07 18:10:44
Because that whole quantum computing thing is just a fad.  Really.  Also SHA will never be optimized, cracked, or reverse-solved.
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:41:03
That needs a warning of some sort.
@_date: 2013-01-13 07:27:45
Ah, I see, my sarcasm detector broke again. :P
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:58:04
Kind of a leap to go from "You owe taxes on x for ownership" to "You don't own x"
Taxes are there to pay for things that we all use that are public property in a fair fashion.  This is particularly true of property taxes and registration fees- those go directly to the things we use like roads, fire departments, police, etc.
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:32:57
Lol.  I love how you said that. :P
@_date: 2013-05-13 20:59:27
It depends on when the passthrough operator sends the dividends.  To be safe, you need to buy before Friedcat sends them out on Wednesday.
@_date: 2013-07-07 16:41:03
This is not true.  I spoke with my credit union.  They said they wouldn't freeze it, but that they could not guarantee anything.  They said if the government says freeze or confiscate it, it gets frozen or confiscated.  There's nothing they could do, and nothing they could add to my account history that would help at all.
Document.  Everything.  Talk to a lawyer, talk to an accountant.  Don't risk $100,000 on the government's good name.
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:01:48
Bitcoin is possibly going to become a major world currency regardless of what the U.S. does.  If the U.S. (citizens &amp; businesses) embraces it early, all that money starts out in the U.S., setting the U.S. up for another decade of prosperity.
If instead the U.S. bans it, and other countries embrace it, those countries will be set up well financially for the future and the U.S. will struggle to keep up.
Not to mention Bitcoin businesses, taxes, etc etc.
For sure Bitcoin has drawbacks for the U.S. government, but it has advantages too.
@_date: 2013-01-03 18:24:55
Right, but if as jerguismi said, Satoshi had moved the decimal point two times to the right, the market capitalization would be the same.  Market capitalization is a measure of the total value of something.
So 21,000,000 bitcoins * 13.50 trading price = $283,500,000
If he had moved the decimal place twice:
2,100,000,000 bitcoins * $0.135 trading price = $283,500,000
However, the person he was replying to edited his post to be market cap, not trading price, making both of us look like we were saying something else wrong.
@_date: 2013-02-27 20:48:40
So if we have people who want to learn about bitcoin, but we don't have time to tell them ourselves, we can tell them to dial **BITCOIN? :P
@_date: 2013-06-14 18:54:41
Apparently they'll need to sell for 50BTC to be competitive.  Because they sold out against all odds.
@_date: 2013-10-13 08:46:50
I'm sorry but this comment is annoying and retarded.
We're talking about cloud hosting providers here.  It doesn't matter if they are open source or closed source.  You are putting YOUR DATA on a server that you don't physically have access to, you don't know who does or even where the server is.  No shit it can't be trusted.
As far as open/closed source and trust goes, how much open source code reading and verification have you done?  Ever run apt-get?  Ever compile or run anything without checking the file hash first?  Of fucking course you have because you don't have time to read all that code and 90% of files out there aren't published with a sha/md5 hash.
"oh oh but its open source, anyone can verifiy it, and lots of people do it all the time!" Give me a fucking break.  You've never met any of those people.  There are billions of lines of source code you use every single day.  Mistakes happen, and even deliberately injected bad code could sit there for months before someone caught it and removed it.
Did you verify the chip spec of the chip in your computer?  No?  How about the hard drive?  The ram?  Surely you checked these things.  You can't be sure that someone inserted malicious addons to the hardware you bought.  Do you check your keyboard/mouse for a usb keylogger before you use it?  Did you verify that the keyboard itself doesn't have a keylogger inserted on its control board?  Do you type passwords rather than clicking them?
Why would you not do these checks?  Don't you know that these can't be trusted?!?
tl;dr- You can't trust anything.
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:27:17
Yes; the accounts could not be frozen.  Only the gateways in/out of Bitcoin can be frozen.
TBH I don't think Bitfloor shutting down has anything to do with the government(directly).  I think that the chargeback requests they were getting to their bank account(legitimate and illegitimate) set off some flags with the banks.  The banks freeze accounts and ask questions later, especially with the volume of cash Bitfloor was moving.
@_date: 2013-04-19 07:54:54
Especially in communities like these... :P
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:14:39
Now at $38.  Confidence in the bubble is GONE.  You were saying?
@_date: 2013-05-05 20:09:08
Gavin is the lead developer.  Not the foundation.  He doesn't represent the foundation.  His concern is for the development of Bitcoin, and the Blockchain is 99% of that.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:37:59
I was told / have read that they are choosing to treat Bitcoins as a foreign currency, which is substantially different than physical coins.
@_date: 2013-05-17 15:15:54
I believe that is exactly what he did, good sir.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:57:48


Perhaps you've heard of this thing called bitcointip?
@_date: 2013-05-19 01:40:15
That's a "technically possible" answer, but it completely misses the entire point of money transfers work.  No one wants to arbitrarily transfer money back and fourth hundreds of thousands of times.  People want to move VALUE from one location to another.  Then they need to exchange that value for something else.  The chances of finding someone else who needs to do the exact reverse transfer that you need to do is nearly impossible- it is the exact reason barter-based economic systems break down.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:09:09
When I'm explaining it to people, I start out by saying "it is a virtual currency, but it is more like and easier to think of as a commodity like gold."
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:41:07


Thanks to segwit2x.


For about 10 months, and then blocks will fill up again.  Lightning won't be able to pick up the slack by that point, and transaction fees will once again rise much higher than node operational costs.  At that point the small-blocker minority will no longer be able to block a hardfork if they are somehow successful in blocking segwit2x's fork.
@_date: 2013-04-30 17:13:34
Its a psychological thing, not a mathematical thing.  Yes, it would increase the value of every other Bitcoin in existence because there are fewer of them in circulation/storage.  However people's perception would be "the value of Bitcoin is increasing."  And as long as the value of Bitcoin is increasing, they will prefer to hold them rather than spending them.  Once the price starts to fall as a result of a bubble, panic selling ensues en-masse(Note: We aren't seeing this effect yet- the bubbles we have are the market trying to evaluate the price of a new technology, not the result of deflation.)
This over time will damage Bitcoin's value, since it can't be depended on.  I am not one of those who thinks Bitcoin's deflation will be a bad thing or hurt it.  But I do think that the Bitcoin world not doing everything in its power to control or limit that deflation would be a bad thing.  We can't stabilize the price if everyone has these shifting perceptions of what it is worth.  If we can't stabilize the price, Bitcoin will never become what it truly could be, which is an international currency basis &amp; value store, and a fundamental medium of colossal international currency movements.
Personally I would love to see the Bitcoin foundation seriously consider changing Satoshi's original algorithm.  Rather than exponentially decreasing to the point where it tapers into nothing, I would rather it taper down to some very small amount, say, adding 50,000 BTC/year or less, and staying there.  The exact amount is difficult to guess.  Just my thoughts on the matter though.
@_date: 2013-04-15 00:30:24
These guys use bitcoin: 
A LOT of the bitcoin world is interested in 3D printers.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:57:12
Which I think is a fair metric.  No one should be comparing the mini-rigs that ship NOW to the price NOW.  They should be comparing the price of the mini-rigs in the bitcoin they were bought with.  Mini-rigs bought now won't be shipping anytime in the next 2 months.
Also his sketch math above neglected power cost, which while small currently, matters, as well as neglecting that you basically need to hire an electrician to power a mini-rig now, as they can't run on most standard circuits.
@_date: 2013-04-16 16:15:53
Debit cards still have high and constant fees.
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:06:18
[Oh hey!](
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:35:14
I wasn't aware that Krugman was respected by anyone intelligent.
@_date: 2013-07-03 08:17:27
The Winklevii are forbidden from selling their own Bitcoins to this ETF.  New investors will pay market price.
@_date: 2013-03-22 06:00:03
They've sold out the IPO.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:19:02
TBH, if orders placed very far from the actual trading prices are causing problems*, it means that the engineers did not set up their databases/algorithms correctly.  Which with MtGox wouldn't be all that surprising anyway.
    * At least, orders in the thousands.  A billion orders is going to cause anyone problems.
@_date: 2013-02-01 20:28:00
Yeah dude, Paypal isn't going to work.  I sure as hell wouldn't sell you bitcoins over paypal- after I send them, if you dispute, I lose everything.  You'll have to find a better way.  Sorry I can't be of more help.
@_date: 2013-02-25 17:36:16
Ok so someone help me out here.  I have always used dwolla to get large amounts of cash(&gt;$4k) from my bank account to mtGox.
What is the best way to get cash into MtGox if not Dwolla?  Aurumxchange seems to have a much much steeper fee.  Is there any way to do it without paying a 1%(or similarly high) fee?  Dwolla's fees were really low.
@_date: 2013-04-17 21:28:34
Fuck.  This is why we need Bitcoin so badly.  Oh, what's that, your business is being too successful?  We don't like what you are doing?  Time to close your account and seize your money.
Paypal did it to Mojang over Minecraft... No one except Paypal could possibly be so successful that they'd have that much money coming in.  Time to freeze it!
@_date: 2013-05-13 21:18:36
1. They will be able to speak quickly to the appeal of Bitcoin.
2. They are well-known and will attract media attention.
3. They are well connected and help demonstrate that serious investors are paying attention and should be.  "It isn't monopoly money anymore."
@_date: 2013-08-16 06:36:44
Yep.  I felt/feel the same way.  So much hope... so much failure. :(
@_date: 2013-05-26 04:45:00
We said Paranoid Saturday, so release your paranoid and/or conspiracy theories.  Not descriptions the obvious...
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:26:38
Like I said, the only people reliably using it during the growth periods will be people who need its advantages- People who need to transfer money internationally, and people involved with things they don't want the government(or other people) to know about.
Cash runners of large sums of money have ridiculous risks when trying to transport large amounts of cash in most countries.  Bitcoin alleviates those risks for them.  It also helps transfer money to places like Argentina who have heavy currency controls.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:52:04
This almost looks like an institutional investor or fat cat buying.  That is a huge huge purchase.  And while there's no telling where they will stop, there's also no telling if they are done buying or not.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:22:46
Why not just use the 2-of-3 system built into Bitcoin, with a third party as the arbiter in the case of a dispute?
That is much better than giving the buyer the opportunity to screw the seller over.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:38:07
Meh.  I don't personally think they've done a great job... I think they've tackled problems as they've arisen, which is better than nothing, but anyone with foresight could have seen this coming.  Their engineering could use some work.
Regardless, I don't think anyone 100 days ago expected bitcoins to reach $266 today, be accepted by 10x more businesses, be mentioned on every major news network at least once a week... These two months have been explosive.  I read somewhere that the CEO's of most bitcoin-related companies(?bitinstant or coinbase?) have been getting around 2-3 hours of sleep a night.  I believe it.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:25:37
Growing pains man.  The bitcoin economy has exploded in the last 2 months.  No software team in the world could write a scalable, stable, secure exchange platform in 2 months.  These are growing pains we are going to have on our way to a trillion dollar currency.  It won't be the last time, and it wasn't the first.
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:47:35
Heh.  You don't want to know the answer.  I found it out just this last year.
If your total amount gained is small(&lt;$10,000), don't sweat it.  If it is large, the law is you have to report every transaction to the IRS.  I found out the hard way when I had ~100 stock transactions last year.  Day traders buy special software to turn this into the format the IRS wants.
The entire process is retarded.
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:47:18
The banking industry seems to be cracking down not because they hate Bitcoin, but because of AML restrictions.  I haven't seen any evidence that indicates that banks have something against Bitcoin, only that they are following both the letter and spirit of AML regulations.
@_date: 2013-08-16 12:55:48
This is public information searchable by anyone.
@_date: 2013-07-04 06:59:48
Number of coins at start = Number of coins at end
@_date: 2013-01-03 18:18:46
Ugh, hate when that happens.  
@_date: 2013-06-13 01:37:11
Unless he has a million computers running it...
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:50:24
Um, no.  Asicminer is denominated completely in bitcoin.  Their output is bitcoin.  Their sales are in bitcoin.  The only thing fiat is their cost for electricity and hardware, which are currently miniscule.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:54:59
The point is they have to go looking for it.  It isn't something that is going to pop up on someone's screen.  Non technical people will never be able to access it(without the help or instructions of someone technical).
I view it as a non issue.  We should treat it the same as transactionspam in general, which does present real problems.
@_date: 2013-04-16 21:16:20
Stats from the auction:
ASIC-Powered Efficiency Each blade consists of 32 hashing chips. It has the baseline speed of 10GHash/s, the rated speed of 10.752GHash/s, and the maximum speed of 12.829GHash/s with overclocking and proper cooling. The power consumption is 83Watts per blade in room temperature on rated clock and voltage.
These have been hashing for months visible here:
 (67117)
Current bidding is at 6 BTC per blade, although they currently produce 0.7 BTC per *day.*  And ship immediately.
Additional note, you must register on the site and get out of newbie jail, which takes some time, to bid.
@_date: 2013-02-07 21:03:28






It is pretty obvious that you have no idea how quantum computing works.  It isn't a faster computer.  It is a completely different algorithmic approach.  A binary algorithm could be in O(n^2) space; The quantum equivalent could be in the O(log-N) space.  It doesn't matter how large your data set is or how fast your conventional computer is; for any data large enough to matter, it will be faster.
Quoting wikipedia:














Ironically, password cracking falls back on repeated SHA or MD5 hashing.  That absolutely has huge implications for the bitcoin mining world.


Except that it takes many years for the technology to mature to the point where it can be taken from the general solution to an ASIC solution.  And since the knowledge to make general-purpose quantum solvers is beyond us currently, the knowledge to make application-specific quantum solvers is even farther out.


ASICs are useful for sorting out small algorithms quickly, like one-way hashes with a hundred variables.  As [this recent post showed]( the algorithm used to reverse solve a SHA has hundreds of thousands of variables.  It doesn't work on an ASIC, which cannot be memory bound in the same way unless each circuit has dedicated spots for a few hundred megs of memory, and also doesn't work because the reversed-solved equation changes every time the difficulty changes.
@_date: 2013-03-05 06:54:06
Dude, you are why the bitcoin community kicks so much ass.
Donated to charity : water - $100.  I hope these screenshots are sufficient.  Sending un-blacked PMs now.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:01:34
Because I don't believe most of these are DDOS's.  Bitcoincharts going down?  Not a DDOS- People flooded the site wanting to know what the price was at.  Mtgox?  They themselves said this most recent wasn't a DDOS, but an explosion of traffic.  Etc etc.  People cry DDOS all the time nowadays, but with something as volatile and explosive as Bitcoin, I doubt it.
@_date: 2013-08-16 06:44:22


They also subpoena'd Butterfly Labs.  While Butterfly Labs isn't popular around here/with customers, they do absolutely *NOTHING* with money transmission.  They are a retail company selling Bitcoin hardware to customers, through many payment systems.  No exchanging, no transferring or passthroughs, nothing.  Other than selling Bitcoin mining hardware they don't even do anything with Bitcoins personally.
These subpoena's are basically the New York guy going on a fishing trip hoping to get something.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:14:34
It isn't moving the goal posts.  That is, unfortunately, how the IRS works.  If someone is living a lifestyle or receiving "gifts" of a high value from someone, they treat it as taxable income.  Because MOST of the time, what it actually is is attempted tax evasion.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:33:40
I'm betting it is because unlike other payment methods, it isn't reversible, and isn't trackable, ergo the banks would do well by their customers to watch all Bitcoin inputs, regardless of regulation.  I would hate for someone to hack my mom's account and move cash -&gt; BTC, BTC -&gt; gone.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:54:58
It is not clear, but supposedly in the U.S. they are treating bitcoin gains as a foreign currency.
@_date: 2013-01-13 05:30:32
Not really... All of those are pretty weak arguments.
"It isn't valuable because it isn't backed by anything!"  Apparently that person has no idea how money actually works.
"It isn't valuable because people keep getting hacked!" Right because we won't improve security.  Like encrypting wallets in the client.
"It isn't valuable because of that one time when it crashed!" Right, because new software running experimental systems should definitely be stable on the first try.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:23:50
Unfortunately Bitcoin can never be used as a currency until it reaches its real valuation.  Which we are many painful years away from, but events like this are exactly what is needed to get it there, sadly.
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:26:19
That is what believers in the currency will do.
Or at least they will sell enough to cover the cost of the good and keep the remainder in btc as an investment.
Getting people to part with it isn't as hard as you might think.  There's lots of motivations out there- Cashing out, excitement around the currency, using it as an anonymity provider, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:54:22
Err, not really.  All it does it move the bar.  The mining power of the network will always equalize out at the btc/megawatt level because profit.  Every time the value of bitcoins goes up, it raises the ceiling, inviting more mining investing.  This will continue until the next block reward halving.
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:36:39
Note to OP and others... Do not invest in virtual assets without investigating HEAVILY
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:00:18
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:21:59
I'm going to venture to guess why.  It isn't because(most of) the people dealing with this view this as funny money.
It is because we are excited about it.  Very, very excited about it.  And any news about it is good news.  We want experiments like this to succeed because it justifies our belief in the currency.
Moreover, for some people who have over a thousand Bitcoins, a small tip to you might actually turn into a net positive investment due to the publicity.
To be clear, not everyone is in it for profit; people have lots of motivations for it- Philosophical, political, curiousity, profit, and the excitement is infectious-  Some people just want to be a part of something exciting.
Ultimately it is hard to say where this will go- Bitcoin could become huge.  Or it could become nothing.  But there's not a lot of room in-between.  The very idea of a currency tied to a teleporter(as one recent blog/news article called it) or a currency that can be stored in massive quantities very cheaply... This whole thing has crazy potential.
@_date: 2013-05-21 03:27:45
They own 230,000 of the shares.  That is their profit.
Everything is divided 1/400,000th before distribution.  No other profits for themselves.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:37:01
Fiat networks cannot be decentralized.  The currency is centralized and regulated.  An exchange is, at heart, a gateway to a centralized, regulated network, and thus must follow the rules of both systems.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:20:19
I would be highly surprised if there wasn't (or isn't) a lot of debate about this among the devs privately.
Ultimately something needs to be done to stop both blockchain spam for scalability purposes, as well as people inserting data for a low cost into the blockchain.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:19:57
Yes, "bubble" advocates will be giving us money! :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:25:22
Honestly if you guys thought this was bad, wait until the next rise/correction.
I hope MtGox prepares their system to scale to 1000x the transaction load that happened this time.  Unfortunately preparing a system of that scale is very, very difficult.
@_date: 2013-08-22 22:48:33
Ample time was 1.5 months.  For a business that's nothing.  FINcen guidance- March 18th.  Warrants quote the FINcen state as of May 6th.  FINcen themselves give businesses 180 days to register from [inception](  Honestly this doesn't even sound like fincen actions to me(although it might be), it sounds like DHS-type actions.
A good lawyer could make a very strong case that for something as new as Bitcoin, the 180 day grace period should apply starting from when guidance was issued.  Especially for a company with as strict AML compliance as MtGox.
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:07:56
10 GH/s, low power usage.  This is one of the blades that AM used to reach 9 TH/s on btcguild.
@_date: 2013-03-27 15:34:17
We need a service that functions like a bank for small, instant transactions.  This service could, for a small fee, be certain to debit our account by the amount, and use its green address to do a 0-confirmation transfer to the restaurant.
This would allow for instant payment, especially combined with a mobile app.  It obviously requires a lot of trust now since btc companies are not regulated.
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:16:46
Dude you should be moving at least 20% of your money to other investments.  Putting 100% on one thing, particularly something like bitcoin, is reckless.  I have a lot of money in Bitcoin myself, but when it hits 80% of my investment totals I'm going to start selling to protect my assets.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:37:51
I can't believe they talk about its deflationary nature like it is going to cause it to fail.
They think that, somehow, as a collective, people are going to reach the opposite conclusion that they would reach as individuals motivated by their own self-interest.
Individuals: If I use this currency, my wealth increases over time!  
Collective: If we all use this currency, the price of good constantly falls.  Oh no!
The only reason the 'collective' won out when the U.S. broke from the gold standard was because the government forced it to happen.  And the price of gold skyrocketed afterwards.  The government can't force anything with Bitcoin.
Individual greed and desire is going to drive the decisions of the collective.
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:02:39
It isn't a matter of them searching for unpaid taxes.  It is a matter of them searching years from now when they already have reason to suspect something.
@_date: 2013-04-14 05:05:19
+bitcointip 0.005 verify
@_date: 2013-05-26 19:16:20
The funny thing is that you believe what he is saying about the volume that can be shipped per day.
Did you believe his shipping estimates on when they would be shipped?
@_date: 2013-01-02 23:53:39
Market capitalization has nothing to do with the trading price.
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:02:15
I'm not so sure... Roger Ver put his name on the line when he confirmed that they are not running fractional reserve, not to mention that just a few months' profit from MtGox steamrolls those numbers.
@_date: 2013-02-28 19:31:04
That's an interesting hypothesis.  If you had any data to back it up, I'd be thrilled.
Try applying that logic to the previous bubble-&gt;crash.
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:58:39
You are very confused if you think this can be fixed so easily.
This is a major scaling problem, and it isn't a front end problem.  The database can't keep up.
The entire thing needs to be restructured.
@_date: 2013-03-06 07:00:44
You are.  This is a 300% rise in 45 days.  It is not sustainable.
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:41:09
You rock!
@_date: 2013-08-26 23:05:35
You would be correct about the S-curve, but you are assuming that people preordering don't overshoot the electricity saturation cost.  Big assumption.
(or assuming Bitcoin doesn't decrease in value)
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:28:58
Erm, that is definitely a logical fallacy.  "New investors" do not determine the next day's- the next day's buyers do.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:55:20
I think it was arbitrarily selected.
2,100,000,000 is way too small for as big as bitcoins could be.  To 8 decimal places, it could be 2,100,000,000,000,000.  But that is simply too large for people to manage as it starts out.  Its like talking about owning a million shares of a company that totals to $5(even when the company is quite large) because they have so many shares.  Rounder numbers are easier to deal with, but what is a "round number" in the early/mid stages of bitcoin versus the round numbers towards the middle/end are very different.
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:53:35
I'm not sure what leads you to believe that people are a little smarter nowadays.  Our latest election options(in the U.S.) were Bush vs Kerry, McCain/Palin vs Obama, and then Romney vs Obama.  I'd say we're on a downward trend when it comes to the average person's intelligence in the U.S.
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:25:26
It isn't a matter of what I want.  The market will seek equilibrium between hardware+electric cost vs profit produced.  It always does.  And bitcoin has gone up 1000% since the last point we reached mining equilibrium.  It has a long way to go.
@_date: 2013-08-13 21:24:28
Anyone want to explain how this is supposed to work?
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:00:21
Lets start tippin. :P
@_date: 2013-05-19 07:49:44
Sounds like overall positive view of it?
No words or thoughts from government officials?
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:27:02
Uh dude, we were worth $15/btc before this run up started.  By my math that's 17 steps forward and 13 steps back, not 1 forward 2 back.
It is going to bottom out, then it is going to rise again.  Patience motherfucker, have you heard of it?
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:15:38
But that takes time.  A lot of it.  Business deals of the size we're talking about take months typically.  Cash movements of the size we are talking about take years.  None of the major shifts that we are all envisioning are really taking place; The silk road remains the only major shift to take place so far.  The people accepting bitcoin in many places is great news surely, but it does not represent a fundamental change.  Yet.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:52:05
Can you please clarify whether you have acquired money transmitter licenses, and have AML training and procedures in place?
How do you plan to follow KYC legislation?
This is the biggest concern, as it is a threat to every exchange that isn't MtGox.
Edit: can you answer this?  This is important, as it is the reason most exchanges get shut down.  If you can't say yes, any astute investor should assume that you haven't, and that's kind of a big deal.
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:49:01
Yeah man, I'm really unsatisfied with a 125% ROI per year too.  That is just unacceptable in todays world.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:08:57
They shut down the liberty dollar because it both resembled U.S. currency, it had a U.S. currency value printed on it, and it utilized the key words(dollar, in this case).
Those things are explicitly illegal.  Bitcoin isn't technically illegal in the U.S.  (Although it is in China).
@_date: 2013-08-22 17:21:10
Dates are everything dude.  Everyone in the industry can make predictions of lead times now that 4 different chips have been developed by 4 different companies with lots of information coming from them about the progress.  Now companies are being forced to be more secretive to avoid tipping off competitors.
@_date: 2013-04-27 21:01:51
Dude, not just mining.  Think bigger.
Bitcoin is one giant game theory problem.
People ask why would anyone use Bitcoin?
The biggest reason is deflation.
And the media/economists cry "Deflation is a BAD thing for society!"  Well, it might be.  But the individuals are still going to make an individual decision, and that decision is going to be to buy the deflationary thing instead of the inflationary one.  Game theory at its finest.  And that isn't all- Bitcoin has layers and layers of Game Theory motivations.  It is beautiful.
@_date: 2013-04-28 17:16:33
People are betting big so that they can try to repeat what the Bitcoin early adopters did.
I'm guessing that a bunch of people are going to be left holding empty bags.  I wouldn't touch Litecoin with a 10ft pole.
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:06:47
Nothing.  But paper pushing bankers don't know or care.  They follow procedures.  They probably didn't even look up what the company was before freezing the account.
@_date: 2013-06-24 02:49:06
Very good point.  This should be higher up.
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:58:38
$35.4 now.  It was easy to see that this was a bubble.  I agree on it settling, although I'm guessing we'll see $15 at some point in the next 2 weeks.
I agree with the good either way part.  True believers will wait and continue buying.
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:09:09
Probably.  Few places are as stupid as the U.S.  You could probably just declare your gains as a single capitol gain and pay tax on that.
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:02:49
Err, completely going against the hivemind here, but...
1. EVERY exchange was hammered.
2. The rate of rise was completely ridiculous and untenable.  We were desperately due for a correction.  144 to 266 in 4 fucking days?  Are you KIDDING me?
3. This correction will shake the spectators and prevent the bubble from getting much, much worse.
4. "lots of grief, and economic losses." If you seriously consider lots of economic losses a 3.5 day setback to a ridiculous rise, you are betting WAY too heavily on bitcoin.
This is NOT a dependable exchange rate.  The rate "crashing" from 266 down to a bit below where it was *two weeks ago* should not be "lots of grief" and economic losses.  Stop overextending yourself, and stop pushing bitcoin faster than it can grow.
Going from a $70 million currency to a $1 trillion currency is going to have a *lot* of growing pains.  Sure, MtGox could have handled the lag better, but you are blowing this way out of proportion.
@_date: 2013-11-12 09:04:14
I would say you haven't even read the context of the thread, but you were the original person I responded to.  So now I think you are just stupid.
Someone who just found out about Bitcoin recently is NOT going to have the context to know the risks of investing in virtual Bitcoin assets!
I don't care whether you are using definition A or B of "early bitcoiner," stop posting shit suggesting people buy your bond(or any bond) without them learning all about it.
For one thing, it is illegal and if the SEC found you doing it you are looking at 10 years in jail.  They have already shown they take applications of securities laws seriously in the Bitcoin world, and posting what you did above is textbook a violation of the law.  EVEN if you are in another country.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:07:20
Uh yeah, I'd like to talk to Satan.  Do you know if Satan accepts Bitcoins?  If not, who can I talk to about getting Satan to accept Bitcoins down here?
@_date: 2013-04-13 07:00:17


You are missing the point here.  This isn't some edge case that just happens to cause problems.  This is gaping security hole that lets people duplicate currency.  An edge case is no longer an edge case when people can force it to happen trivially.
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:34:45
Well to be fair, bitcoin will never be infinitely divisible.  Computers don't work well with infinity.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:16:18
I believe deflation refers to the size of the monetary supply versus the size of the currency supply.  In that case Bitcoin will always be deflationary, since our economy is growing gangbusters fast, and bitcoins will always have some Bitcoins get lost due to dust, forgotten/lost wallets, etc.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:13:53
You also have to factor in power cost, cooling cost, and device failure rates.
@_date: 2013-05-08 20:32:45
Yes, but the value of the shares at that point will be different.  It will be dependent on the future earning potential of the company.
To evaluate a company purchase, figure out how much money they are likely to earn(themselves) in the next year/or 5 years.  Divide by the number of shares.  That's the value of a share.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:06:09
Not only do they not own it, it gets worse than that.  How can someone "prove" a bitcoin wallet is theirs?  Say their secret key gets stolen or leaked.  Who'se wallet is it?  How do you prove that?
It creates all sorts of problems.
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:40:04
In other news, the dollar has dropped to 0.0108 bitcoins.  The dollar is really not performing well now folks.
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:58:48
You should add re-launched tradehill to the exchanges list.
@_date: 2013-03-02 16:20:21
Finding a $50 million VC is probably a bit more difficult than you make it sound there...  I'm all for it and willing to help, contribute, and work towards this if we can make it happen.
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:48:45
At current hash rates(which will obviously change) it produces 3.3 BTC a week, or $450.
What it is worth ultimately comes down to where the hashrate ends up in 6 months.  If BFL's delays and Avalon's low volume are any indications, it could be very low, or it could be insanely high.
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:10:07
Bitpay really doesn't present a lot of hoops.  They make it easy.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:50:48
Anyone have a mirror or image?  Becaaaaaause its down.
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:20:55
No one could agree if the original contract was not clear enough for the escrow to make a decision, and the buyer refused to send the item back to the seller.  At that point the escrow can't give the money to either party, since the contract simply didn't specify the specifics that are being disputed.
@_date: 2013-05-18 23:14:11
BTC cannot become a primary vehicle of global transfer unless each bitcoin is worth at least a thousand dollars.
Global transfer requires global volumes.  It requires liquidity and methods of cashing out to fiat currencies.  You simply won't get that without the regulators stepping in in first world countries.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:48:24
Perfect, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:12:26
As you wish sir!
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:21:41
Bitcoin's security margin would have to be adjusted every hour... :P
@_date: 2013-04-15 06:27:16
Sadly that is the best choice.  If you want to move in a lot of money(&gt;=$10,000) then your best bet is Dwolla &gt; Mtgox.  But you'd better line up to get verified *now*.
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:07:49
For real. Ugh.
@_date: 2013-05-08 20:31:10
Don't you have to be a customer to vote?
@_date: 2013-04-13 00:14:30
The currency isn't useful until it stabilizes.  It won't stabilize until it has reached a realistic evaluation of its real capabilities.
Ironically, as it grows, it gets new support from related companies &amp; technologies, which make it more valuable.  That increased value destabilizes it for a time, but once it stabilizes again it becomes more valuable because of the stability.  Queue repeat.
People laugh at me when I say this could be worth $1-20 trillion.  But thats the nature of things the build on themselves on an exponential curve.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:13:49
Uh, please don't.  Bitcoin is not a savings/retirement account; those are intended to be secure and dependable.
Bitcoin is a highly speculative investment.  People who can't afford to lose money should not be investing.
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:56:08
How does backing up work with these?
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:01:05
That's ridiculous.  Sorry, I come down on the side against the federal government- I see their spending as wasteful, politically motivated, and generally not serving the public good.
On the flip side, property taxes and registration fees go directly into the services you use like roads, police, fire stations, etc.  There is no justification for not paying those taxes.
I'm sorry that your grandmother's house appreciated in value.  I'm sure no one will complain when it comes time to sell the house, though.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:54:41
DeadTerra is reasonable if people talk to him.
@_date: 2013-05-02 03:56:46
Honestly, I wouldn't worry so much.  Think of it this way.  There is some optimal point of hashrate vs Bitcoin price that balances out, i.e., adding more hashpower will cost more in electricity/hardware than it is worth.
In Jan 1 the price of bitoins was $15 and the hashrate was around 25 TH.  Now the price of Bitcoins is ~110-150 depending on the day, so theoretically if no ASICs even shipped, the target hashrate would be around 250TH.  But because ASICs are around 10-50x more efficient in KW/h, the target hashrate to level out is around 2,500-10,000TH.
The good news?  All of the ASIC companies combined cannot ship 2,500 TH/s this year.  They just can't do it.  So your ASIC will still be profitable, albeit not as profitable as it would be now.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:25:46
At $40 it would pay for itself in like a month... Pretty sure if they sold them for $40, they'd sell out in minutes.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:17:11
Am I the only one that thinks if you don't like reddit, don't be on reddit?
This isn't your plaything for you to decide what stays and what goes.  Want to have a special serious-only subreddit?  Make one, and then enforce the rules.  If it is better than this one, people will go there instead.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:03:36
[Hold on, let me check that math... Yeah, I got the same thing.](
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:38:06
The previous auction closed at a very high price, but that was for 1/5th this size.  In addition, those asics had the fastest delivery time of any bitcoin ASIC ever sold- Delivered in 4 days from when the auction closed.
For someone strongly motivated to get into mining, this could be awesome.
Previous auction:
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:53:18


Gavin is concerned with the blockchain.  That is literally his job.  Things that aren't on the blockchain aren't his concern... why would he respond to questions about them?
I mean, he has(and all developers have) of course mentioned that they are possible- they'll be held in private accounts, much like a bank account(or your mtgox account, which is not on the blockchain).  But it has nothing to do with the blockchain itself.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:36:04
Exactly.  At no point in my timeline(until 8) did I say there was commerce, except amongst illegal/black market transactions, who have no choice simply because dollars / physical currencies suck so much.
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:17:32
You could create a merchant account with bitpay and do a 100% bitcoin passthrough(0% conversion to cash- its free).
Then your tips would all go to different addresses and no one would know their real destination.  Ironically that might encourage more donations because people couldn't see that you are already getting a substantial number of tips.
I'm not sure how you would provide the bitpay link though.
@_date: 2013-06-25 19:18:12
Am I alone in feeling like this is some of the biggest non-government-action news in a long time?
This lets institutional investors buy into Bitcoin safely as desired.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:14:18
Lets not overwhelm her with even more technical stuff about Bitcoin. :P
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:11:27
Lowering the block intervals does not appreciably change the amount of time you must wait before random chance could cause a double-spend.  6 bitcoin confirmations is not equal to 6 litecoin confirmations.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:53:40
Hopefully MtGox hires some high-powered lawyers to make this very case.  
@_date: 2013-05-10 02:43:52
This isn't news... After the previous incidents, *no one* should be using coinabul, unless they want a 50% chance of receiving goods.
@_date: 2013-08-28 15:38:40
He is the primary legal counsel for the Bitcoin Foundation, which functions like the linux foundation.
The Bitcoin foundation is working to prevent the U.S. government taking drastic actions that would hinder Bitcoin's growth.
@_date: 2013-06-26 21:17:00
Yes, just like current ASICs are making GPU mining unprofitable.
All the ASIC companies I know of are actively developing next-gen technology(65nm and smaller) to stay competitive.
@_date: 2013-04-25 18:13:14
This is only true if the price of bitcoin drops drastically.  As the price goes up, the 'target' value of hashrate versus electricity cost goes up.  Only those near the blockchain halvings will really be running a risk because it completely flips the equation.  Right now we are very, very, very far from the target value of the network hashrate- No one can ship enough asics this year to reach the equilibrium hashrate.
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:37:16
It sounds like, overall, we have a new believer on our hands.
The enthusiasm of Bitcoin is infectious.
Also, great reporting, overall very unbiased.
@_date: 2013-05-26 20:36:48
None of that counters what I said.  Having 68 wafers at a bumping facility or at a packager is not the same as having them on hand.
The volume they ship will be as lackluster as their ability to hit deadline promises.
@_date: 2013-03-30 02:26:20
MtGox doesn't have a monopoly on having the best system.  They have a monopoly on trust, which is critical in the bitcoin world.  That, combined with just the first-to-market advantage gives them a monopoly.
A competitor could beat their system in months, but they would not have the trust, nor the userbase.
@_date: 2013-05-28 15:59:23
What reason do you have to believe that OKPay is being targetted by the feds?
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:57:12
Here's a talk that covers it:
(Escrow part starts at 5:00)
Some more info: 
Unfortunately this is not well implemented today- That is, you "can" use it, but for all practical purposes it isn't useful.  (command line only, swapping keys introduces all sorts of problems, etc).
Eventually this will be built into the client, but it is going to take some time.
@_date: 2013-04-04 21:04:50
Sorry, greed and self interest are better motivators than anything else.  Satoshi knew this- that is how mining was set up.  To get bitcoin adoption, we need to explain what it can do for THEM.  That is what they care about.
Yes, we need to drive transaction and merchants acceptance of bitcoin.  But we can do that better by talking to them about how accepting bitcoin will make them money- their greed- not ideology.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:41:53
Woot functions mostly as an independent entity.  When Amazon acquired them it was with the understanding that they wouldn't change much of anything about their culture.  It wouldn't hurt to contact them!
@_date: 2013-05-23 02:46:48


Because the instant they did that, Bitcoin would be worthless.  No one would trust it.  It isn't a get-rich-quick scheme, it is a way to kill the currency at massive personal expense.  There would have to be a major justification for it.
For China, right now, that doesn't exist.  They make money selling shovels.  They dislike the U.S. power as a reserve currency.  Someday?  Maybe.  But by then Bitcoin may be very, very different.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:42:14
Are you able to use EUR to buy and sell goods in the U.S. legally?  (I don't know)
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:09:08
1. Further increasing the mining farm they have introduces many scaling problems.  It also exposes both Bitcoin and the company to many vulnerabilities because they are centrally located in a single location.
2. Asicminer cannot go over 35-45% of the network hashrate without endangering the foundation of the entire company(Bitcoin's security).
3. Some leasors will be able to operate more efficiently than Bitfountain due to their local electricity, labor, or land costs.  Also by spreading the distribution out, total mining can scale faster.
4. Because the blades are backed by deposits, the risk to Bitfountain is very low.  I think operators assume risks that normally Bitfountain would have(keeping the farm running 24/7, security, etc)
All in all a very good thing for Bitfountain.
@_date: 2013-04-27 21:10:45
I think I just got an idea....  Holy crap.  Thanks!
@_date: 2013-03-08 20:04:55
Be careful man.  Chargebacks are a serious problem and can hit MONTHS after.
I highly doubt google is going to be a lot nicer than Amazon payments, paypal, or credit cards.
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:05:22
Bitcoin *IS* super volatile.  Almost every long term investor expects to see prices above $5000 in the coming years.  That requires ridiculous, highly volatile growth.  It isn't going to be linear, it isn't going to be pretty and be a nice graph by any means- Else day traders and everyone else could make a killing by predicting it.  It is going to be fits and starts the whole way.
@_date: 2013-10-17 04:02:04
For now.  But the competition between them is going to start squeezing margins.  Fast.
@_date: 2013-03-11 04:41:13
That only counts if the IRS(And therefore the government and courts) acknowledges bitcoins as legally ownable property.  They have not, thus you only need to pay taxes when you sell bitcoins for USD(or other currency).
@_date: 2013-07-18 23:30:59
This is what Bitcoin is all about!
@_date: 2013-07-03 23:32:49
But you did this by investing more cash in Bitcoin related ventures(A Bitcoin miner), yes?
Most of these buyers were looking to reinvest Bitcoins, not to expand their Bitcoin investment.
@_date: 2013-10-15 03:59:47
Except that one had to put up nearly 600 XBT to get the thing that produces 0.11 XBT/day and dropping...
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:30:37
I think the underlying purpose was that P-gold would be a non-inflationary currency, as a new world reserve.
Bitcoin is not inflationary, and thus this could happen.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:33:24
A [very] well known member of the community, OR a company with a lot more to lose than they have to gain, I.e. Schwab, Amazon, or Google starting a venture.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:29:00
The problem is that the blockchain simply can't scale to handle microtransactions INSIDE the blockchain.
Other services can be built on top of Bitcoin that can handle it.
@_date: 2013-11-12 09:39:43


You aren't trying to convince people to invest in Bitcoin.  You're trying to convince people to invest in some other virtual security based on Bitcoin.


Doesn't matter.  The laws were created to stop exactly what morons like you are doing- they invest in item A, and they want to inflate its value, so they try to get other people to invest in item A so they can sell at a higher price.  It is exactly how a ponzi scheme works, except you aren't the issuer.  But it is still illegal.


Sure, I'd love to spend my time finding links for you since you can't google things yourself.
Note that the SEC "lifting the ban" means that you can announce it if and only if you verify that all of your investors are accredited. Since that isn't happening clearly, your solicitation is illegal.  There's also a huge amount of disclosure information and registration that needs to be done, which XBOND is not doing.
@_date: 2013-11-16 07:50:13
The anger and rage that is being expressed here is perfectly justified.
The problem isn't that "someone wants to implement coin validation."  That's obvious, and as others state, going to happen sooner or later.
The problem is that that someone is trying to implement it on a global scale for ALL of Bitcoin, and not tie it to regional or national jurisdictions.  That's retarded because there is no absolute morality.  If the leading nations in the world followed Sharia law, "tainted" coins would be deemed those who go through blasphemous organizations who mock Allah.  Following the U.S.'s lead means that Wikileaks is going to be tainted, or Snowden's funds.  Follow the Chinese lead and anyone who broadcasts information about Tiananmen square is tainted.  Unless you can somehow get a majority of every people in every culture to agree that something is a crime(a far more difficult job than what any of these groups plan to solve!) the idea of a globally tainted coin is ridiculous.
If instead these coins were viewed as regionally tainted, no problem.  But then they wouldn't lose their value, so the U.S. government doesn't get what they want(control).
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:15:50
Capital gains comes when you sell bitcoins for cash.
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:33:49
Most cryptography is based around prime numbers.  Prime numbers have a number of (very involved) properties that make them ideal for based cryptographic algorithms around.
@_date: 2013-05-19 03:16:07






@_date: 2013-03-13 01:00:20
0.7 for now; they will be releasing a patched 0.8 soon.
@_date: 2013-05-12 18:35:01
Anyone that is surprised that Bitcoin &lt;--&gt; fiat exchanges have to comply with money laundering guidelines and money transmitting licensing requirements clearly hasn't researched anything.
Any Bitcoin exchange that has not taken those steps *should not be used* by **ANYONE**.  It is just that simple.  MtGox doesn't make people verify because they want to annoy their customers.  They do it because the consequences for not doing so are catastrophic.
That said, this isn't a threat to Bitcoin itself.  Bitcoin transfers inside the network clearly are outside FinCEN guidelines- They are nationless, and even proving that they are inside one nation or even went through one nation is tenuous at best.
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:56:53
He's a Bitcoin investor, been in it for awhile.  Hard to hate big, famous investors.
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:56:16
How does backing up work with these?
@_date: 2013-06-19 16:19:56
BitMinter is getting DDOS'd.  Not sure where people are moving to mine.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:46:50
Yes, this is my prediction.
But you are overstating the impact of illegal transactions.  Illegal transactions are just the first adopters(after us).  It has already happened with silkroad.  You really think that it is going to stop with just silkroad!?!?  You think that normal drug runners, drug lords, mafia bosses won't catch on to the potential this has?  The benefits it has over offshore accounts &amp; cash running trucks?
After illegal transactions flow regularly, the network should have the volume, stability, and worldwide footprint necessary to ramp up on international transactions from a personal -&gt; small business -&gt; large business level.  Once it reaches a large business level, we would de-facto become the global standard currency.
Even if I am completely wrong about international transactions &amp; global adoption, even illegal transactions alone justifies a $1000/btc valuation.
* Edit: I should clarify; I do not think we will replace the world's financial system.  Bitcoin is not good at processing transactions like visa/mastercard.  It is not good at doing what paypal does.  It is not easy enough to use as cash for daily transactions.  I believe it will replace transactions between black market elements, and I believe it will replace most international currency transfers, and I believe it will become a number that other currencies are compared to evaluate how those currencies are performing(like the dollar is today).  It will also be the default numbers that international trade agreements between businesses use, eventually.  It will beat the current systems in these ways simply because it is better at it than they are.
@_date: 2013-02-13 23:19:48
* Unless someone only put in 25% initially and that 25% grew to be 80%.
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:10:53
The rented blades are not controlled by or related to Bitfountain any more than the blades that are sold.  The only difference is that the rented blades provide a stream of income that is close to the optimal amount that self-mining would produce, and sales produces income immediately while letting other miners profit.
Pricing sale hardware correctly is very difficult to do with the difficulty shift and uncertainty.
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:18:25
I'm a much bigger fan of just returning that money to the miners.  Mining will become exponentially less profitable over time, such that we may expose ourselves to attack in the future.  Transaction fees were supposed to prevent this from happening, but everyone keeps moving to make the fees smaller or to make the miners process more transactions(so 0 fee tx's can go through).
Also blackholing adds to the deflation of the currency.
@_date: 2013-03-10 17:56:03
He's asking for a physical page for people to see in-person.  A video probably won't work unless someone transcribes it down to one page w/ shiny graphics.
@_date: 2013-02-14 01:50:19
Correct, or at least within the bounds that I'm willing to tolerate.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:22:25
The problem here is that the investment was thought of in Bitcoin prices and intended to be a further investment in Bitcoins.  The buyers didn't feel like they were taking a risk that the Bitcoin gains could outpace their investment's returns, because based on estimates from all 4 asic manufacturers, that wasn't going to happen.
None of the buyers intended to sell Bitcoins to cash out, and make a separate investment in something else cash-based.
The only reason that they got screwed is because BFL is 6 months behind the other two big movers, both of whom were delayed, but not as much.  So at this point they'll be lucky to make back their original Bitcoins.  And I personally don't fault BFL for being late or bad performance, I just fault them for poor communication and crappy customer service.
@_date: 2013-06-25 18:33:54
Please clarify- Asicminer block eruptors are different from block eruptor USB sticks.
Also where would these ship from?  In the U.S.?
@_date: 2013-04-29 00:55:52
If they weren't AML-transfer registered and AML-compliant, they were in violation.
Also banks have other ways they detect fraudulent money movements that would have been set off.  We need someone who has firm roots in the financial system to set up an exchange.
@_date: 2013-05-26 20:01:32
What's even funnier is that I know from their updates they only have a total of 5,000 chips on hand.  Unless their chips are an order of magnitude faster than both Asicminer and Avalon, that means they can ship *one* minirig.
Just one.  Enjoy the 400 units a day until the 5,000 chips runs out.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:02:01
Right.  This is ridiculous.  Its like when the 9/11 truthers invaded the ron paul movement.  People with crazy insane and unworkable ideas think bitcoin is awesome and try to spread their fud.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:29:47
Some can't, some can.  The market will find a way when Bitcoin is ready for it.
Angel/VC firms are already investing in bitcoin-related companies.  One recently raised $500k of capital.  They may not invest in the currency itself, but they will invest in its growth. (Some will invest directly, though)
@_date: 2013-03-02 07:02:35
I looked into this approach about the time of the last bubble.  I talked to some lawyers about it very seriously.
The legal hurdles are difficult, nigh impossible because of SEC regulations.  They simply don't have any allowances for people to sell an ETF for something that, from the SEC's perspective, "doesn't exist."  It isn't like a corporation.  It doesn't produce money, it isn't a physical good, and it doesn't have owners.
The cost estimates they gave me were $150,000 in legal fees to work out the necessary legal aspects, and $1-2 million up front investment to buy bitcoin to back the ETF.
It would be a huge boon for all of us if we could pull it off.  But good luck finding someone in the bitcoin world to front $150,000 in legal fees that may result in complete failure.
@_date: 2013-08-03 23:37:09
Alternatively you could have some trusted member of verify your identity, and confirm(without revealing).  This is the standard practice on @_date: 2013-07-03 17:36:08
... Bitcoin user not affected.
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:57:04
Here's a talk that covers it:
(Escrow part starts at 5:00)
Some more info: 
Unfortunately this is not well implemented today- That is, you "can" use it, but for all practical purposes it isn't useful.  (command line only, swapping keys introduces all sorts of problems, etc).
Eventually this will be built into the client, but it is going to take some time.