@_author: justgord
@_date: 2017-08-18 00:47:36
You gotta ask yourself who the real robbers are, post 2008 GFC - bad management and greed at large banks stole plenty of life savings from old ladies, and put a lot of people out of their homes due to predatory loans.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:30:04
Didn't everybody agree on segfwit and 2X ? 
I thought the 2x part was the agreement that got the miners to all trump support behind segwit ?
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:09:18
And even if he is .. that guy has done more interviews to promote Bitcoin over the years, than all of us have combined.
You may agree or not with his political views - but the man has a fire in the belly for bitcoin, and he is one passionate advocate for the freedoms that cryptocurrency brings.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:16:12
frakking toasters !  
Im loving the shitposts, they dont have enough hodling memes and kittens over on r/btc .. its all facts figures and technical discussion.. boring !!
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:39:44
no, big blocks do not cause centralization - because of the thin/compact block feature, where only the ids are sent, so its &lt;40k not 1MB .. which means it propagates almost as fast as the ping time .. which is negligible compared to the block mining time of 10 mins.
There are other causes of centralization - cheap electric supply and cool termperature have more effect on that than does blocksize.
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:29:23
Basically they just spawned off a fork of the code that has a larger blocksize.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:27:20
Seem to be a lot of these posts .. maybe just subscribe to the twitter feed, rather than repost every single one ??
@_date: 2017-08-18 05:08:21
Exactly what RogerVer has been preaching for many many years .. which is why we need big blocks, so that normal users can send and receive money freely again.
Let me check the mempool stats .. yep, normal small-block day with 40MB all waiting for the 1MB block to come around -   
Only the high fee paying transactions of the rich 1%ers will go to the front of the queue. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:40:56
yeah.. thats why I like him.  He just doesn't give a fuck about anything but Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:59:50
I just come here for these high quality shitposts .. 
4chan is too boring, and theres way too much serious conversation about scaling bitcoin and reducing fees over on r/btc
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:30:34
.. and uses the same blockchain data prior to the split.
@_date: 2017-08-08 00:01:00
It can scale 10x and possibly 1000x on chain.   Bitcoin is a work of genius, but nowhere near an optimal implementation of a blockchain. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:45:53
yep.. normal people tried to converse, but eventually left for saner subs like r/btc .. 
its like a 4chan memepool LN marketing echo-chamber in here .. with no actual discussion of bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2017-08-08 00:01:57
They would have made even more than a 4x improvement - because such high mempools would not have pooled up behind the bottleneck to nearly as high a level.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:42:11
Its probably a good thing if Blockstream kill off all dissent and circlejerk themselves into oblivion taking LN down with them ... 
The rest of us can pick up the pieces and use Bitcoin Cash for actually sending money - a crypto-coin for the people, where on-chain scaling can finally take place, and users don't have to pay 10 bucks to send 100 bucks.
SW2X was the miner's, and everybody elses, compromise with Core tinfoil-hatters who have hijacked Bitcoin development the past 3 years - basically with SW2X everyone agreed to swallow the segwit turd, in order to move forward and get the benefit of a blocksize that isn't killing their business and driving users to altcoins.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:44:03
Bitcoin Cash is for everyone, the big blocks just mean cheaper transactions, which is what most people want.
@_date: 2017-08-07 23:58:06
You'r not listening to the whole community - segwit2x was a compromise that should be honored.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:14:16
It'll probably go up to 12k, then downhill over the next few years as more people migrate to altcoins - at that point only banks and hedge funds will be able to afford the extremely high fees.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:50:57
v0.15 .. is this beta software ?
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:22:15
Isn't 2X what was agreed by all parties ?
Wow.. beaming bitcoin down to everyone on planet Terra, awesome.
Are BS doing a marketing campaign across africa/india/bangladesh, so that those people with smartphones _know_ they have to get a satellite dish hooked up to get the skycoin feed ?
Is it geosynchronous .. cause otherwise it would only pass overhead at certain times of day.. you might not get a confirmation for a few hours.
I guess they have a plan to bring down fees so that villagers can afford to use Bitcoin?  It will be great when 9Bn people are all using instant free internet money.
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:36:00
How much does a satellite dish cost ?  Will poor people have one of those ?
@_date: 2017-08-17 06:25:45
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:02:36
"Never underestimate the power of bullshit"
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:41:07
I agree that :
* SW at best will be  a 2x improvement, basically a nice blip, but insignificant compared to the actual demand growth curve of Bitcoin.  
* 2MB or even 4MB blocks aren't the final answer, but they are much needed now
* Peter Wuilles 20% yr steady blocksize increase [and Gavin Andresens similar proposal ] makes good sense for now and the next few years, but still will not address the extreme demand
The real issue is do we make efforts to scale on the blockchain now, or do we just wait for LN to kick in ?
Eventually, bitcoin will hit its actual _architectural_ scaling limits.. but that is probably around 100x to 400x of current volume.  That is a future bottleneck, but not the current artificial bottleneck we now face due to the 1MB blocksize limit [ or 2MB with segwit 2x 'compression' ] 
Even if LN works perfectly and takes 20x the volume off the main chain, the demand will have grown so large that LN will be maxing out the blockchain by processing endpoint settlements for LN.  You still need to scale far beyond the current throughput even as back end layer.
The current architecture could handle vastly more throughput with some code and protocol changes, the first and simplest of those changes is to have a larger actual blocksize buffer. [ yes, many vehemently disagree, but those who do have not put forward a credible technical argument why small block sizes are needed - I have explained why 2MB blocks have negligible impact on miner centralization [ thin blocks propagate quickly compared to time between blocks ]  .. and I don't see that a hardfork to improve the software is the disaster you claim it to be. ]
By all means drop current blocksize down to 500k or 250k .. but don't expect it to be a viable backend for LN, if you do that - In the meantime between now and when LN goes live and is widely adopted, you'll be killing bitcoin for anyone who wants to actually use it as a proxy of value.  Does bitcoin have any intrinsic value if everyone is HODLing, and no-one uses it to buy/sell or send money ? I think not, people who need a _currency_ will migrate to other Altcoins.
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:02:24
This racist comment, your anti-semitic rant below, and other anti-chinese sentiment in other posts in this sub, is utterly contemptible.  
The founders of bitcoin had in mind a currency that belongs to all people equally, which had no respect for arbitrary national borders, and which was blind to the age, sex, skin color and ethnic heritage of the participants.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:04:04
Sure is, theres a lot of activity over on r/LightningNetwork 
Exciting times.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:41:55
Renting a satellite to send transactions down to earth is genius marketing, but of almost no practical value.  
If you have internet you don't need satellite, and if you don't have internet you cant spend any bitcoin.  They might aswell beam it into outer space.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:11:59
Where do I get my Blockstream certificate to run the approved copy of Bitcoin node sw ?
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:49:27
So cool ... lets rename this sub LightningNetwork !!!
@_date: 2017-07-11 04:45:30
... yep, needs to happen, soon.
@_date: 2017-07-28 00:05:30
meh, don't sweat it.. competition is a good thing - pretty much all of our code is built upon the shoulders of others.   To borrow ideas is a form of flattery, to steal code is divine.  open source ftw !
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:18:46
and I have no doubt it would be rejected without even being read .. just like all the other reasonable attempts to come to a reasonable compromise over the past 2.5 years.
@_date: 2017-07-21 23:53:58
While you're having a party over in this corner, just realise that a large chunk of the community decided to compromise and allow SegWit [which they really dislike], in order to move everyone forward and get something that is actually good for bitcoin [ larger blocks ].
Its really the users and growth of bitcoin thats being held back by the small blocksize - 2MB will help, segwit may help, but if bitcoin grows as I think it will, after several months we will need another blocksize increase to allow further growth.
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:08:27
ok, I take your point it is signed in wtxid - at least its signed, honestly thats a relief.
Maybe you can forgive me for not noticing wtxid, because you've taken the main hash of the whole transaction and put it into an area that was supposed to be for the coinbase.  It seems a bit of a hack to put it in some place made for another purpose.
It just seems a bizarre way to do it - the only reason can be that to do it a simpler, more direct way, you would need to break compatibility, and change the protocol in a backwards-incompatible way with a hard fork, right ?
From day 1 it really was a fundamental property of blockchain that the id _is_ the hash of the data, the whole of bitcoin seems to be built around that .. having two hashes, just sounds like a bad idea.  the txid is just an id, not a hash now.    I wonder if we have other software that breaks because it took that as an unchangeable contract [ txid is always hash ] .. I see it introduces a lot of chance for a bug to occur - in wallets, exchanges, not just node software.
It seems a lot of technical debt, a lot of complexity, for not so much gain.  Everybody still has to update their software anyway .. because now you will get txids that aren't the hash of the transaction, right?  You wont be able to validate the full transaction unless you know about wtxid hidden in the coinbase.  
In 2) you say we need to fix malleability .. in 3) you say "segwit does not fix malleability" except a special case.
If it doesn't even fix malleability, its a lot of complexity for only a partial fix.
ok, so the main reason all this extra code complexity, with only partial fixes ... is because you want to glue on LightningNetwork.  At least you just come out and say that.  Maybe a better approach is to solve the immediate bottleneck issue of the blockchain before sending more transactions onto it ? Really, 3 tps is not a lot .. maybe LN works well and sends another 50 tps to bitcoin, preventing all other uses from occurring on it.
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:26:09
Further on the graphics card shortage in Thailand due to mining - 
@_date: 2017-07-10 13:13:19
1BT = 3900 - 4200 USD
remindme! 51 days
Price will bump up after segwit/bu issue settles, and speculators return their funds parked in Ether and LTC for the duration.
@_date: 2017-07-21 12:39:44
I get the feeling were just at basecamp.
@_date: 2017-07-16 21:10:22
fyi, article never mentions Bitcoin..
Yes, we should build smaller roads so as to reduce demand - that would certainly work in LA.  While were at it, lets have trains with fewer carriages at rushhour, and put up the ticket price during those periods - that will incentivize people not to travel at the same time, and reduce greenhouse emissions.  /s
SegWit and Lightning may in fact be genius .. but how can one tell?  Are they used anywhere on a daily basis to transmit items of value ?   Are there many transactions being processed with SegWit or LN on another Altcoin ? .. that would really help convince people who are skeptical or on the fence. 
@_date: 2017-07-24 01:51:43
explanation = you were lucky
Looking at the blockchain.info stats :
 - median conf time around 11mins
 - mean conf time around 50 minutes
So some transactions take a loooo...ooong time : ]
But of course the low paying transactions take a long time .. they have to wait for 5 or more blocks to clear, because each time new trans with higher fees jump the queue in front of them, and they have to wait until all those 1%-er rich guy transactions are processed before the miners take pity on thoem poor 99%-ers who only pay 10 satoshis for their transaction.
What a great time to use bitcoin .. I think not.  But it might be a great time to really think about increasing the blocksize and letting normal people use the currency of the future, instead of keeping it for only rich people to use.
@_date: 2017-07-16 22:29:45
Not that I know of .. I didn't mean to suggest they were.
I wanted to make the point - it would be nice to see LN working on small amounts of real money, before grafting it into Bitcoin.  That would seem a good way to mitigate risk.
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:31:44
To be fair, LTC has a larger effective blocksize ( 3/4 size of BTC 1MB ) but blocks run every 2.5mins, or 4x as often.  So the effective block bandwidth is 4x3/4 = 3 times as large as Bitcoin.
Its really the larger relative blocksize that allows Litecoin to hum along and never have the mempool build up to silly levels.  This keeps transaction costs and processing times down, and users happy.  
So if Bitcoin were to learn from the chikun, we would have at least a 3MB blocksize even with segwit.
btw, a larger blocksize is nothing new - there have been lots of max blocksize increases in Bitcoin already.  The best plan is to make sure you only have to do one hardfork, so you set up a fixed schedule of block increases, that dont require future hardforks for a couple years.
We need the larger actual block size - without it fees will stay high, and users wont use Bitcoin as a currency .. it will eventually lose its core value.
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:47:48
Why so down on BitcoinUnlimited - those guys came up with thin blocks [ aka compact blocks ] .. means much fairer mining, because the block latency has vastly improved - more decentralization is 'a good thing'.
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:46:16
There are 2 Bitcoin alternative universes : 
BTC Universe 1 - "SillyLand" - We try and squeeze 30MB of transactions into a tiny 1MB block.  The value of BTC gets driven down to 500 USD, because its hit its user base volume equilibrium - any more users would drive up fees, which drives users away.  
BTC Universe 2 - "GrowLand" - We expand blocksize to 4MB immediately, allowing transactions to pass thru the system, allowing fees to be low enough for users to pay, but still high enough to make miners lots of income, and more people hear about Bitcoin and use it and have a good experience of transactions clearing quickly enough to be workable.
The market valuation of each universe ?
* BTC1 @ $1900 USD tomorrow,   800 USD next month
* BTC2 @ $2800 USD tomorrow, 3300 USD next month
Compared to BTC1 we are overvalued now, compared to BTC2 we are undervalued.
Current realworld market seems to think we are heading towards SillyLand, not GrowLand :]
@_date: 2017-07-23 12:07:43
Quite long-winded, but I think they have a valid point - how do I know [ or convince a court ] that a transaction signature, and a transaction script, belongs to a particular transaction .. that it hasnt been tampered with. ?
Before segwit if anyone changes a bit in the script or a bit in the signatures, the whole transaction hash will change, it will be obvious.  If I store a transaction on disk, and I get a bit error due to an I/O error .. I will know when I hash the transaction and get a different txid.  Its a very strong checksum on the data.
Heres a quote from "the benefits of segwit" by core developers [here](


Thats actually a feature, its what I want .. I want to know if anyone, including the miner, has tampered with my transaction - I want a guarantee it is put in the block precisely as it was when I signed it.  I don't want it to be 'malleable', I want it to be fixed in stone _forever_ .. thats really the whole point of the blockchain.
Do you guys think its okay, "if a node .. relaying your transaction .. modifies it slightly" ?    
If its my money at risk, I want an alarm and flashing red lights at 3am if a single bit changes.
  
@_date: 2017-07-17 04:07:58
bullshit - current linear chain can scale 10x to 50x with a larger blocksize .. and by the time it can no longer scale in 5 or 10 years time, we will have explored more distributed architectures properly.
I never said onchain scaling is _all_ there is - but it can scale for the short and medium term if we allow it to.
I just don't see the proven instances of LN running real money transactions yet, please point them out to me.  Its a bit dishonest to claim that a current working implementation is holding back the world of distributed currency.  Feel free to prove LN on any altcoin first, then people might believe the hype.  
I have no doubt in the medium to long term future, fully peer to peer with graph or treelike chains will work, but thats no excuse to kill Blockchain performance for all those users who would like to use Bitcoin now, by stubbornly sticking to a tiny 1MB block - your holding users to ransom.
I am not anti-LN or any other technology, I am anti-bottleneck in the current implementation, because it can scale quite a lot more if we allow it to. By all means get LN working to fulfill its promise, Ill be the first to use it - but in the mean time don't kill bitcoin adoption by preventing a simple upgrade that benefits everyone.
@_date: 2017-07-07 05:15:48
I actually think it would be helpful for the whole community to signal what the target / desired transaction fees should be for bitcoin [ or is there no upper limit ] 
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:35:02
I think Bitcoin may survive this - but it will be an incredibly painful ride that could have been avoided.
We will need to increase the blocksize limit with a hard fork before bitcoin can grow [ 4MB at least, even with SegWit ] - and the longer we resist the actual fix, the more pain for everyone.
Theres no surprise why the BTC price stopped growing just after mempools peaked around 100MB levels Jun/July - transaction fees went up because you cant fit 100MB of transations into 1MB of space, so people paid more and more to get their trades to the top of the heap.  The high fees and slow clearance times drove many new users away from Bitcoin, into other Altcoins - no surprise Ethereum and Litecoin show record growth just as this 100MB mempool peak started to subside.  When you have to pay 5 bucks to send 1000 bucks, people go back to banks, paypal, Litecoin or Ethereum.
Segwit may be good for bitcoin [ stop malleability, 2x improvement to effective block size, anti-spam etc ] .. but it will not make a significant dent in addressing the transaction volume demand that Bitcoin has now and will need to grow and thrive.
The small-minded tiny-block mentality is killing Bitcoin, and killing your investment in Bitcoin even as we speak.  
From time to time software needs to change to improve - and sometimes that means all parties agreeing to smoothly upgrade the protocol.  BIP101 laid out a fair plan, which would give certainty, predictability and avoid many future hardforks.   Instead of that smooth migration, we how have chaos of warring factions, users driven to Altcoins, and the resultant freefall in market price of BTC [ as BTC falls, it will sweep other Altcoins down with it by association in the mind of speculators ]
@_date: 2017-07-18 07:46:29
no - it really IS the small blocksize that is the problem right now - and its been an urgent problem for 2 years, and which was delayed and delayed bringing us to this moment of utter frustration and civil war.
We should have taken the opposite approach of dumb scaling first, to sustain the smooth functioning of the system, while you worked out the details of smart scaling.
By all means work on the more subtle and wondrous solutions - but in the meantime, don't hold the whole world to ransom, and force them to go through a microscopic bottleneck.
@_date: 2017-07-23 01:06:30
I'll summarize my BIG-BLOCKer point of view :
- artificially small block size of 1MB is not enough to handle the 20MB of transactions that pool up at peak times
- users who need to send bitcoin pay more to make sure their urgent transaction goes to the front of the queue and gets put in the next block [ miners get the fees as an incentive to do their work, so put high fee transactions first ]
- fees go up due to this bottleneck, and transaction clearance times go up as other transactions wait multiple 10 min blocks to clear.
- as fees are higher, people who would like to send smaller amounts are disincentivized to do so - its not economical to pay $1.70 to send your friend $10 in bitcoin as a joke, and a way to get them using bitcoin
- total usage of bitcoin currency falls, as people minimize how many trades they make
- user growth and potential value of bitcoin is less than it could be, and some users go to litecoin which has more reasonable fees
- SegWit may be an improvement in some ways, it does allow more transactions thru the system by squeeaing more into the block - maybe 2x, which will help right now.  But pretty soon we will have more transactions, so we will need to increase blocksize anyway
 - SegWit2X, which combines SegWit and an actual block increase to 2MB later on, is a small 4x improvement which is urgently needed - we dont like SegWit, but this seems a compromise in the best interests of moving forward past the impasse, so at least some progress can be made.
- Way back, 2.5 years ago, we had a reasonable proposal made by one of the core developers at that time Gavin Andresen, who proposed increasing blocksize incrementally on a public schedule so that it would allow for future growth.  This was not adopted and we have been in a furious debate about blocksize ever since.
- We think there is a lot of scaling that can be done on the linear blockchain over the next few years, certainly we can improve on the paltry 3 transactions per second of transactions being processed today.  We can probably can scale 1000x on the linear blockchain [ and bitcoin will need to do so to keep growing its user base ]
- some of us think the proponents of LightningNetwork seem to care more about LN that they do about Bitcoin itself .. so perhaps they should talk about LN over on the sub 
- some people think we should just make a non-segwit big-block hard fork now called BitcoinCash / BCC, and let users decide which Bitcoin they prefer
- some people think r/bitcoin is somewhat toxic, with lots of name calling / disrespect towards big block proponents and some of the founding users of bitcoin like Roger Ver, Eric Vorhees, Gavin Andresen, and miners like Jihan Wu and they may have gone over to r/btc where they can discuss big blocks without being chastized.
- some people think Core developers are the evil minions of AXA, who do not have the core interests of bitcoin itself top in their minds
- some people think big blocks [ or small blocks ] are an agenda pushed by miners to control bitcoin
- some people think Craig Wright is Satoshi, some think he's a scammer.. some don't care either way because his swearing is very entertaining and draws publicity to Bitcoin
Im sure Ive missed some important points, but that should get you started.
btw, Here's a graph showing how average and mean transaction size is being pushed up to the maximum, indicating  the bottleneck as we hit the 1MB blocksize ceiling -  
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:32:49
I've heard Damon and Demon.. its perfectly ok to make a complete hash of it.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:28:56
And there is no clearing house that resolves to BTC, where I can buy 1 coffee in under 1sec with 0.2 cents transaction cost.   
or.. where I can trade currency at around 5 trans/sec of USD 5000 each time.. thus balancing my hedge funds 170Mn currency exposure.  
Its not just coffee that needs fast cheap transactions.
@_date: 2017-07-16 09:16:40
Dude, Im not talking about the 145GB block chain - I'm talking about the block size.
It is tiny tiny tiny compared to all modern hardware - your phone has probably 1GB or 2GB RAM .. 30MB of transactions in NOTHING - dont hold people to ransom, process the transactions and let Bitcoin usage grow.
@_date: 2017-07-16 22:16:47
Perhaps the initial discussion of hard blocksize increase should have been on the mailing list rather than in blog posts - but regardless, we should consider all arguments on their own merits.
The linked post is mainly an example of the cancer of indecision which has led us to this impasse.  It leaves some important things out like BIP101 proposal, which makes the most of a single hard fork so that there is a well planned escalation in blocksize, so the whole community has certainty.
The reality is simple - Bitcoin is crashing due to the tiny blocksize limit, even before we reach the runaway transaction mempool buildup that is mentioned. 
We are at a mean blocksize of 0.87 or so, with very spiky loads - at busy times the mempool peaks well above 10MB, often 20MB, so transactions dont get cleared into the block but pool up and have to wait to be processed later in the day when demand is less and the blocks have space to flush out the backlog.  Transaction fees go up as people try and buy their way to the front of the queue for important transactions in the effort to buy a shorter wait time.  
The high fees drive down demand - people don't use Bitcoin to trade, unless they absolutely have to.  Enthusiastic users can't send their friends 0.01 bitcoin anymore, because sending 20 bucks costs 2 bucks.  If its not being used, what value does it have as a currency, how can it replace cash or remittance ?  People invest in Bitcoin because it has intrinsic value, because its useful.
We'd only need another 20% of transaction volume before we _would_ see the runaway effect of nodes running out of RAM due to mempool increasing and never clearing at all over a few days -  we wont see that increase in bitcoin adoption, because fees are already killing transaction volume.  We've reached an ugly equilibrium.
In June 2017 growth was high, but we did see movement towards the mempool blowout .. mempools went to 100MB or 120MB - you can imagine 5 thousand people waiting to get on a single bus that comes every 10mins.   Transaction fees rose with that demand - so then we saw volume die off as people moved off Bitcoin into Ethereum and Litecoin - where adoption grew rapidly.  If we had 4MB blocks then, Bitcoin could have kept up with the demand : miners, users and investors would all be doing much better now.
tl:dr - if you really want to stop Bitcoin from growing as a viable currency, keep max blocksize at the artificially tiny size of 1MB - it works really well as a bottleneck on the whole ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:44:23
I think its not going to devalue much .. but I think high transaction costs are keeping it from growing more rapidly.. but thats just my 5 satoshis.
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:14:05
ps. Bitcoin USD price chart also shows sustained growth up to Jun 2017, then it hits a wall of volatility - coincides perfectly with transaction fees increasing as the 1MB block limit kills the new transaction volume needs.
It is 1MB limit which is killing Bitcoin, not the spammers/state actors/evil miners :]
@_date: 2017-07-16 08:42:58
resulting in this 'blob' - 
not pretty.
@_date: 2017-07-18 01:45:29
why 30x ?
Litecoin has 3/4*1MB blocks @ 4x blocks per 10mins * 10x transaction count = 30x larger relative block size for the same transaction count.
Its really no surprise at all that litecoin performs better, and has no mempool of waiting transactions - it has enough space to process them.
@_date: 2017-07-16 09:09:31
[ autogenerated from this IP list  at compile time ]
On balance, most of the code looks very readable, but I have to say, that is a steaming pile of shit, even if thats how Satoshi did it - we should be way beyond having the list of DNS peers hard-coded as a blob into the executable.
It should be in a human readable config file, loaded and parsed at startup, in standard IP or domain format.  Preferably json and converted into compact binary format at load time.
Also, are we using all of those, thats quite a long list?  It might be a good idea to only pick a few of those at random as initial seeds, so we dont have a flood at startup to the same addresses [ maybe they do that, I haven't checked ].  
Its also fairly opaque - who chose these as good peers, which companies are they ?  
Probably should use domains and resolve, not ip4s, ip6s.
Similarly the blocksize constant should be specifiable at load time, so people can just restart to increase blocksize, instead of installing a new binary.
Most of its not a steaming pile .. but nothing should be immune from examination and discussion : )
[ and seriously, do we really need to repeat the same 8333 default port on every line, 1000+ times ?  Just make it so that the default port is assumed if none given, then you just leave it blank, and the non-default ports like 8330 become obvious because they are there in the config. ]
btw, Im not worried about this crud in the code - all good projects have that, it gets fixed eventually... but I am concerned that core have left a tiny limit in the code which is now preventing the whole of the Bitcoin  ecosystem from expanding at its natural growth rate [ tiny 1MB blocks ].
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:31:05
I'm not calling it a crash .. other people are : 
I'm calling it "the final result of spending 2.5 years bickering and non-action, a religious attachment to a miniscule block size despite all reason, driving users away due to high fees, leading to an eventual loss of value, as the inevitable hardfork looms and the market panics"
I'll call it a "crash" if it hits 1500 USD : ]
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:18:28
Interesting to see the level of uptake in Australasia and Asia gently ramp up.
It would be great to see actual stats on retail volume and growth per region, if anyone has a good source.   Japan seems to be far ahead in terms of daily usage.  Id like to know how common pay with bitcoin retail is in China, Korea, India .. I guess it will be used for remittances a lot in places like Philippines, India, Africa.  
Still not enough places to buy haircuts and laptops .. but its growing.
@_date: 2017-07-16 23:14:17
Never said it did - but if you have evidence that the peak was due to spam or machine generated transactions and not user growth, please share that evidence.
ftfy : 
    while true; do createtx; pay 300 satoshis/byte; done
@_date: 2017-07-16 22:57:19
Thats just marketing hype, repeating it doesn't make it real.
SegWit doesn't increase the blocksize at all, be honest - it may save space in the block and mempool by moving signatures into another area, but you usually have to keep that data around anyway, so the blockchain dataset is the same size as before, or larger.  In best case it may improve trans volume by 15%, but demand will get us back to the same bad equilibrium in short order.  
We need an immediate increase from 1MB microblocks to at least 4MB miniblocks, in order to bring transaction costs down and allow the system to grow at all.
Could the simplest explanation for SegWit be the real reason for it ?  blockstream.com want to add their own competing system called Lightning Network to capture higher volume of smaller transactions - its in their interests to hold Bitcoin back only for large transactions.  They just don't have the balls to do their own thing, they want to ride the popularity of Bitcoin to get a primed user base.   
The decent thing to do would just be to come up with their own Altcoin and get LN working there first and compete in the free market, without adding a ton of unwanted shit and weigh down Bitcoin.  Instead they hold the whole community to ransom, via the continued use of microblocks.
@_date: 2017-07-17 06:28:38
You're just repeating marketing hype you don't even understand.
Your "scalable" solution - LN - is completely untested and a year away.  SegWit pollutes the code for a very minor improvement, and we'll need to increase block size anyway.   Both LN and SegWit _are_ controversial - a lot of the community does not like them, because they do not address the URGENT scaling problem we have now due to a tiny block size.
Its not only miners who want a larger block size - many users, developers, miners, businesses, exchanges do - its just that you and the blockstream contingent in core don't listen, nor actually look at facts and engineering numbers. 
I notice you were unable to point out the instance of LN actually running now transacting real money.   In _theory_ its wonderful, but in practice it is completely un-tested.    By all means roll it out on another altcoin blockchain .. in 5 years when its actually working and you've ironed out all the subtle edge cases, Bitcoin will be humming thru 300MB blocks and be looking for the next scaling bump.  Just don't slow the rest of us down in the meantime with your small-minded microblock fundamentalist worldview, divorced from all engineering reality.
@_date: 2017-07-16 08:57:03
I would have agreed with this sentiment 2.5 years ago .. but now, its basically immoral to hold up 30MB worth of peoples transactions just because you cant be bothered fixing a simple issue with an old artificial limit.   Believe me, a raspberry Pi, your phone and certainly your laptop can process 30MB of transactions in the twinkling on an eye.
What those devices cant do is provide the 10TH/s of hashpower of a specialized asic device - but thats a seperate issue, the real bottleneck is the tiny blocksize.
@_date: 2017-07-28 00:07:23
I've actually wondered if all those asics aren't actually cracking code for the NSA : ) 
srsly, where is my transaction..dude ?
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:35:43
if the side effect was to earn more mining fees by creating a premium on transactions that would clear faster, then thats probably a good explanation.
@_date: 2017-07-22 01:51:10
You seem very angry .. but I just don't think there is the evil mining cartel conspiracy that you suggest.
Its actually in miners own best interests for bitcoin to expand and do well.  Larger blocks means more transactions means lower fees for users and less processing delays, and miners can earn _more_ per block because the number of transactions is higher.  [ If fees are 5x lower, but you put 10x number of transactions through, then your earning 2x on the total fees per block ]  Most of their electric bill goes to solving the hash problem, not processing the transactions - they'd be happy to pump more transactions thru a larger block.  
More users more transactions, more investment, higher USD price, more income .. its a win for everyone.
ps. miners didn't dictate large blocks to you .. even core developers like Gavin Andresen suggested a block size increase 3 years ago, long before miners realized that blocks were filling up and the arbitrarily low limit of 1MB was a bottleneck.
No-one is "in charge", as users need miners to process transactions - the genius of bitcoin is the decentralization and that economic incentives align.
SegWit isn't really bigger blocks (no matter how much that gets repeated), segwit is not keeping signatures in blocks - "block compression" is a more honest way of describing it.
Maybe you think blocksize is a fundamental design property of the system, like PoW or money-supply .. but its really a smaller technical issue.  blocksize does not fundamentally change the economics [ except when its too small, like it is now, and transactions pool up because they can't get processed ].   Also you prevent spam/ddos transaction flood attacks by having a small minimum transaction fee, spammers have to pay to spam.   
A blocksize of 1MB was really just done just to save time programming, it would be several years before its was outgrown ... but of course it was always intended to be lifted way before the blocks ever got full.  Its just a practical programming consideration, it does not change the decentralized nature of bitcoin.
I hope you will be as skeptical/critical of Blockstream.com, as you are of people like Jihan, Roger de Ver, Gavin Andresen, Eric Vorhees .. and many others who genuinely care about bitcoin, and think the [actual] blocksize needs to be larger so bitcoin can grow.
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:41:43
Perhaps post on r/LightningNetwork .. I'm sure they'd be interested, and could do with the company.
@_date: 2017-07-18 08:15:00
I think these LN posts should go where they belong - There is a tight community of enthusiastic early adopters over there, who will be very appreciative of the company.
Just not that relevant to Bitcoin or Blockchain technology in general.
@_date: 2017-07-13 06:42:37
hmm...  I think there is more to this, which neither segwit nor 4MB blocks really solve fully - the underlying problem that transaction throughput is coupled to money supply / block solving :
If you're interested, I think we need flexible block size, vis : 
    
@_date: 2017-07-15 13:01:01
I am independent, not employed by any bitcoin camp, have no a-priori loyalty to big or small blocks before reading about it myself - I just hold a few coins and want bitcoin to grow and prosper - both for the rich and poor people in the world who need it for commerce and to improve their everyday life.   
So I hope you will pause hostilities for a while and consider an independent viewpoint :
I have to say I totally disagree - **the evidence is very clear that Bitcoin is being held back by an arbitrary max blocksize limit, which is easily fixed, and should have been fixed 2.5 years ago.**  
We are holding up 30 MB of transactions in the pool, waiting to fit into a 1MB block - holding all the users to ransom, increasing clearance times, increasing transaction fees dramatically, reducing transaction volume and stifling the uptake and usage of Bitcoin.  It is like we are trying to  put the water flow of Niagara falls through a drain pipe - simple physics explains the bottleneck.
The real complacency is in the core team not taking action to keep the system running properly and explaining a viable roadmap to all parties, and a plan to switch over with absolute certainty and minimal disruption to service.
A 4MB block is not large - your phone probably has 2GB RAM, your laptop certainly has 4GB, and most rasberry Pi devices have 1GB - 1000x to 4000x the size we are talking about.  This web page probably takes 20MB in your chrome browser.  It is just insane that we have not updated the block size long ago.   
Segwit is all to the good, as is Lightening network when its ready and proven - but these are second order issues, when we currently have a massive bottleneck that is urgent and affecting everyones use of the system.
I think most miners realize that small 1MB blocks are good for higher fees in the short term, but will keep adoption and transaction volume low, so ultimately not in their self interest in the medium term.  If they have larger blocks they can process more, the experience for users is nicer, and volume will go up, which means medium to long term they will earn more with larger block sizes - smaller fees per transaction, but much larger fee earnings per block, and hence higher income. 
Segwit2X is an attempt at a reasonable compromise, in order to move the whole community and ecosystem forward - you should see it as a white flag, and a genuine attempt at solving this issue in the best interest of all parties.  I urge you to stop war-mongering, because the publicity and uncertainty is already killing Bitcoin in the markets - we need agreement, and a steady plan.  
The world needs Bitcoin, so we have a moral obligation to move forward with this compromise in good faith.
Thanks for listening.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:01:57
No matter how many times you repeat this nonsense, it doesn't make it true.
Your diatribe of FUD translates as "were the smart guys, just believe us that the sky is green because we say it is, regardless of the actual evidence"
Nick Szabo is just wrong, plain and simple - the blocksize can be quadrupled safely without side effects, resulting in processing 4x the number of transactions per block [ and the reduction in mempool size, fees and transaction times ] .  Plenty of smart engineers have been saying this, but get shouted down.
Moving from 1MB to 4MB every 10 minutes is not "flooding the network" - in this day and age, such network traffic is peanuts.
If you know anything about software you know that any system that processes only THREE transactions per second on average, has some cancerous stupidity in the code - believe me I've heard every reason in the book after 25 years writing code, but they all turn out to be bullshit.
Increasing blocksize is a much simpler, safer and well tested change, with less code complexity and certainly less code pollution than adding the SegWit garbage.
 
I for one welcome the BitcoinCash BIG block initiative, and I'm glad those engineers and miners put the best interests of the longterm bitcoin community foremost and have the guts to do what needs to be done to protect the future of bitcoin.  It will be in far better hands, we can remove the crap code and people can start to use bitcoin as digital cash again without exorbitant fees and long clearance times.  
All well and good if LigtningNetwork delivers fast micropayments .. just don't use that as an excuse to kill basic usability of bitcoin.
Bring on the hard fork, bitcoin core can be left behind and everyone will thank BitcoinCash for decisive action to protect Satoshis legacy.
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:15:52
I concede, as per my other reply, that wtxid is the new hash of the whole transaction.
So its good we still have a hash, even if its hidden away in the coinbase area.   But thats a big change to the fundamental design property of bitcoin.  Security is subtle, I wonder how many other pieces of software people hold their money in, don't implement this correctly and implement a subtle security bug.  
Just because I cant come up with code now to break it doesn't mean a motivated hacker cant do it - you want a lot of eyes on these things .. and a lot of the eyes looking at segwit are saying .. "a lot of complexity, its risky simply because of that, and doesnt really solve some things.. and it should be a hardfork with simpler code because it introduces technical debt as is".
I hope your right, that segwit introduces no subtle security issues.
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:33:26
Have just discovered this guys talks .. really good / thought provoking.
I'm just beginning to understand how much of the public domain / social sphere / business and daily life will be impacted by bitcoin tech.
My reason for participating in Bitcoin is largely the promise of a real and better viable democratic replacement for cash - and dissatisfaction with using normal banks and even paypal to get paid and to pay people and buy things, their delays, high cost and uncertainty [ unpredictable reversals etc ].
@_date: 2017-07-16 22:43:17
crash in market price - just take a look at any chart of past day, week, month
crash in user growth - just look at blockchain.info over past year to see the total correlation between peak trans volume in june and peak fees, and the subsequent die off as people moved to other altcoins, due to crazy transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-07-16 23:07:46
yippeee...no SegWitless .. just pure upgrade goodness : from 1MB nanoblocks to 2MB miniblocks .. a one line fix with no code pollution.
Awesome, now bitcoin can get back to doing what it does best, clearing all those transactions in the mempool, and making the world a better place because people have a currency they can actually _use_.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:19:07
I think will push all of them up . esp eth and ltc ..
eth has probably won the race to do programmable money/contracts ... I think the market has kind of chosen bitcoin as the most viable pure cash.
I really hope SegWit2x people will hold to the 2MB block increase .. realize it is a compromise both sides can _barely_live with that we needed, to move forward.
@_date: 2017-07-24 19:55:46
Consider it a temporary measure until fiat/cash is replaced completely : )
@_date: 2017-07-19 02:20:03
Nicest Bitcoin compliment of the month ".. the goddamn thing wont go away"
@_date: 2017-07-05 23:46:22
I'm a newcomer to bitcoin .. but hear me out, because I have no skin on either side.
These kind of posts [ Person X is a Loser, person Y is not or is the real satoshi, person Z is a shit coder ]  ... they are really killing the discussion.
I've listened to people like Roger de ver, Ton Vays argue, talks from people like Antonopolous, Craig Wright, Jihan Wu - all of these guys care deeply about bitcoin and the future of payments in all its aspects - and their discussions and arguments from both sides are really USEFUL, really important.
In r/bitcoin [ and r/btc too ] there is far too high volume of personal attacks and appeals to authority - the core protocols, the deeper economic/social implications, the practical issues are all not being discussed enough, or with enough nuance and depth.
We need to grow up as a community - first step is better quality of discussion.  For this reason I hope mods here will reconsider the approach towards posts pro BU or anti SW.   ie. don't label big block advocates as anti-bitcoin or "altcoin" - these people should be able to have friendly but vociferous debate on the technical / social aspects of scaling bitcoin.
We are better than this - we need less spammy shitposts, more real in depth discussion.
Think for a moment, about the first human colony on mars - will they be using bitcoin ?  
yes, they will be using bitcoin... its that important.
You guys in this space now [ and your compadres over on r/btc ] ... are the custodians of a technology that is as useful and disruptive as the telephone, steam engine or internet.
I do have 20 years writing code, so I can say - everything about bitcoin needs to be better, just like the first protocols of the internet worked but needed massive polishing and improvement, and are still not done yet - bitcoin will go through all of that.  It will need larger blocksize, more compact transactions, better clients, safer exchanges, multiple implementations, better algorithms, better compression, higher security, better code quality... it will be an endless series of upgrades, all of which need to be managed smoothly so even your worst enemies don't lose money.
What _everyone_ needs is certainty - where the main vocal opponents agree on a plan eg : if segwit goes thru, you wont lose money, heres why .. if segwit doesnt go thru you wont lose money heres why.   and ps. Heres the plan for lightening network which will prove its value and security on a test chain, then on an altcoin, loong before it gets migrated with everyones acceptance .. blah blah.    We need quite a few guys to come out and say .. I think it sucks, but other smart people disagree so here's a roadmap we all agree to for the greater good.   Heres a plan for when we roll out new features, that we all agree is safe and responsible.  Heres how we will simultaneously increase miners income, while increasing volume and reducing transaction costs.    
Investors and users need that certainty now.  With that certainty, usage will go up, profits will go up, bitcoin valuation will go up dramatically - you'll all be making money [ and strengthening the worlds economy, and thus reducing chance of war, in the process ].
Best thing you could do right now, is invite your worst enemies to tea, have a real discussion, and make a clear plan.  
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:28:20
More relevant to r/LightningNetwork than r/bitcoin .. and they could do with some company over there.
@_date: 2017-07-13 06:36:25
Id hire him .. shows balls/initiative .. and was a non-violent yet subversive act, requiring creativity.
Plenty of cryptocoin startups will grant him an interview based on this, and that stunt will get him in the door at some VCs I suspect.  
well played.
@_date: 2017-07-18 01:34:22
yes... litecoin sees less than 1/10th the transactions that bitcoin sees per day - so by your argument a blocksize of 100k should be fine for that volume of transactions.
This also suggests that to perform as well as litecoin, bitcoin should have a 30x larger blocksize than the 1MB it currently has, given the larger transaction volume.
In reality, Litecoin has no mempool buildup precisely because of its larger relative blocksize - it clears out the mempool of waiting transactions before it builds up.
Any plumber or drainlayer will tell you, if you want to transport 10x the amount of water per second than what goes from your toilet, you might want to get a pipe that has 10x the cross sectional area - sewer pipes are larger than toilet pipes for a reason.
@_date: 2017-07-16 21:37:59
Don't bet your life savings on technical analysis, please.  and only invest if you already have the cash lying around, imo.
@_date: 2017-07-17 01:59:03
The price would still be skyrocketing, if a) there was enough blocksize to handle increased transaction volume _and_ b) if there was market certainty about the upcoming softfork and/or hardfork.
The problem isnt in your words "too many transactions, Bitcoin is crashing" .. the problem is too small a blocksize is preventing growth of Bitcoin user base.
If you actually read what I said, you'll realize the only thing stopping much wider adoption and growth is the blocksize - and all of the data is totally consistent with that, including the peak I mentioned in June, when usage peaked, before people ran away from bitcoin due to c) its high fees and d) its slow clearance times - both due to block size limit, not large number of transactions, which would have been fine if we had a 4MB block to process them.
The current market price fall is mainly due to the uncertainty around the migration to segwit and/or larger block. 
 But that itself is indirectly due to lack of decision making in the core team over the past 2.5 years in putting off the necessary move to a larger block size via a hard fork .. resulting in a split community, and the total chaos we now see with the price in steady decline, as people sell bitcoins before AUG 1 to avoid being stranded on the wrong blockchain.
@_date: 2017-07-19 00:32:15
Its the tiny-block which is now killing Bitcoin throughput for all users, that is what they cant live with.
Your comments show you are totally out of touch with reality :
A potential miner who spends 10k to buy a custom ASIC mining rig, is unlikely to have "poor connectivity".    Conversely,  if they don't have specialized hardware they wont be mining bitcoin, because they have to compete with people who do have asics .. they'll never solve a block.  Those fine people will realize this, and decide to mine a much lower volume altcoin, where the transaction volume is tiny, and which will perform fine on their low connectivity internet pipe and gpu rig.
Yes its good to actually explore the math/engineering - the Cornell study I link below agrees with my assertion that increasing blocksize "is the first step" and "4x can be handled by 90% of current nodes" without a hitch.  That was a while ago, so it will be higher now by moores law, and would have been even higher still if we had upgraded to 2MB early on, and given a clear schedule so those people would know and have time to upgrade .. now it probably _is_ 98% ready for 4MB blocks.
Here's the link for both the Bitfury and Cornell discussion papers : 
- [cornel paper](
- [bitfury paper](
There's a lot to argue with in the Bitfury paper, and usually you get higher quality analysis from people who are computer scientists associated with universities, but we can debunk it on its own merits :
- its 2017, not 2015 .. I have 4MB RAM on my laptop which cost $700, but will probably need to upgrade, because chrome now uses more than half of my ram when I have tabs open.  Rest assured that miners who have invested minimum 5k on a mining rig will have made sure that they have 8GB ram for the node, and steady bandwidth
- 'thin blocks' has alleviated the great wall of china  /  block-syncing issue, dramatically reducing peer traffic
- bitfury wants more people to join its pool, they are not independent researchers [ I like them, personally ! ]
The tiny-blocker mentality seems to want to live in a world where software is never upgraded or improved, where hardware never speeds up - miners live in the real world, they have a visceral understanding of economics and basic computer engineering and moores law - they wire up their own rigs, check the network ping times, monitor their power usage, temperature, ram levels, hashrate from minute to minute - if they don't they lose money and go out of business.  
Likewise software does improve over time - there will need to be software upgrades and hardforks from time to time, they just need to be managed better.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:25:36
yes !  and we do need a mechanism we can can actually trust to buy coffee at $4 USD with a tiny transaction cost, with a 1sec confirmation.
It could be a mix of an exchange plus social contract plus side chain that backs onto bitcoin every hour, using less computational power for small transactions ... as it grows in volume, and becomes security hardened, and business grows.. it can take on larger clearing transactions.
we need to scale the ecosystem, not just the mining/hashing. 
@_date: 2017-07-18 09:34:24
No, because blocksize has been increased in the past several times, by Satoshi and others.  It has been tested in the real world more than any other solution.  It is the simplest fix with lowest risk and the least side effects.
A prudent approach was outlined 2.5 years ago in BIP101 - not adopting this at the time is utterly reprehensible, and in fact immoral.
The hardfork upgrade could be done in a week .. in fact it probably will be done fairly soon, as thats what miners and the community actually want - a working steady bitcoin, not the crippling fees and long delays and constriction of user adoption that we now have.
After years of debate their patience has understandably grown thin. 
@_date: 2017-07-16 08:50:57
Thats one theory .. but I think there were problems before all the new people arrived : 
Blocksize issue has been known about for 2.5 years, no action taken and now we are hitting the hard limit where Bitcoin cant grow any further due to tiny 1MB blocks - utlimately resulting in high fees that push users away, and turf wars that drive investors away, resulting in falling valuation we are now seeing.
Developers I know just shit themselves laughing when I tell them Bitcoin processes 3 trans / sec and has a global block size of 1MB.
@_date: 2017-07-16 09:26:29
So your rebuttal to my argument is a) your an idiot, b) go away, we don't like our ideas being questioned here.
Neither of which, refute my argument.
@_date: 2017-07-13 20:20:02
He wins the Monthly "Satoshi" Award + obligatory TShirt ??
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:14:21
we only need 1200 people in the world to know how BTC actually works .. the other 7 or 4 Bn can just use it as cash and be smart in some other area of their lives :)
@_date: 2017-07-18 05:17:49
I hear "its just the miners" quite a lot, but that is not true - there are a lot of developers and bystanders or plain bitcoin users who see the need for a larger block to handle the transaction backlog. 
[ even if segwit does save room in the block, its still only a one off improvement of 2x, when we have 30x transactions pooling up waiting for a block much of the day ]
1MB is tiny - your phone probably has 2GB ram, this web page probably takes up 20MB of ram in chrome browser.  Leep in mind its 1MB every 10mins on average .. or 3 per second _globally_ in.
Id like bitcoin to grow to 4000x the transaction volume over the next 4 years .. we will need on-block scaling improvements [ larger block, segwit ] AND off-block scaling to handle instant micropayments etc. if we are to go mainstream and be an alternative to visa/eftpos/atms/paypal etc.
Even if sidechains process 95% of the transaction volume, we still need to scale the main blockchain.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:31:51
Small transactions are totally possible on the linear blockchain -  if we reduce the bottleneck by having a larger block, transactions wont pool up, people wont have to pay more in fees to get their transaction in the next block, and transaction clearance times will improve.  If fees are lower, smaller transactions are viable.  People are already not _using_ bitcoin because fees of USD equivalent $2 to $4 are too big to send $100 or $500 worth of BTC.
Feel free to post LN news on r/LightningNetwork, they could certainly do with the company.
@_date: 2017-07-21 04:57:29
top rant.. upvoted !
@_date: 2017-07-19 02:07:56
The usual fud, from a pro LN small-blocker. 
@_date: 2017-07-17 00:50:12
Your argument sounds reasonable, and would be compelling if it were not for the fact that Blockstream also pay several of the core Bitcoin developers.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:19:34
nooo.. the pie is growing .. a whole 100x 1000x number of people will use it if the cost/trans comes down .. they went to ETH because they had to.
I think we'd be at 8k USD already if trans were cheaper/faster.. people are holding BTC or taking profit .. but the base trading should be vastly higher in using it as currency to buy/sell actual goods .. then wed have less volatility, faster uptake, faster growth .. well thats what I think, feel free to disagree : ]
@_date: 2017-07-03 08:32:53
keep that sucker dry.
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:04:47
Are you sure that peak was spam [ how do you tell ] ? at 150 satoshis/byte it must have cost serious money in fees to do that.
Another explanation is that this was a flood of legitimate new users, but they got turned away due to fees getting higher and higher - from mid May to end of May, notice the fees move from 150 sats/byte to 240s/b .. almost doubling, before volume falls off a cliff after a week [ green area above May 24 ]
Another thing to note, is that we still have transaction mempools hovering around 20MB - there are 20x more transactions than can fit in the block .. this forces fees up, and wait times up.  [typically mempool over 20MB](
No matter how you cut it, spam or no spam, 3 transactions per second is not enough .. and even with segwit 2.5x bump, we will need a steady increasing blocksize to allow Bitcoin to grow more users.
@_date: 2017-07-03 08:44:50
It can go both ways .. the personality cult can actually drive news about Bitcoin, which is probably good for the currency.
I enjoy Craigs comments even if he's not Satoshi.. I like the fact hes an opinionated asshole .. every new tech should have such, mythology has a place in the psyche .. and his points are good conversation starters :)
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:54:56
Hey.. if it turns out to be Craigs 11yo niece with aspergers who wrote the code and did the crypto in the school holidays .. thats all good in my book.  
The Satoshi/Craig shitposts on both sides just add more fun to the mix .. its good for publicity, regardless the outcome.  Keep arguing :]
A crypto currency _will_ take over, for fundamental reasons.  It will take a while to see which one is dominant.  Its also possible every damn altcoin/shitcoin will rise in value exponentially over the next decade as they jostle for mindshare and wallet dominance.  The market is that massive enough to sustain lots of them.   I say bring on that shitstorm !
@_date: 2017-07-03 08:40:00
I think its hanging round below 3k USD largely due to psychological reasons and a bit of profit taking : )  
But jesus, you guys gotta solve the blocksize/cost of transactions issue ... its keeping trade volume down.
Kind of agree the next psych barrier will be at 5k, not sure if thats 3 or 18 months away... : ]
@_date: 2017-07-17 00:47:05
Perhaps Blockstream and Lightening are not as distinct as you suggest - they do  employ Rusty Russell who says he is working on Lightning for bitcoin.
I actually wouldn't say the same thing about MITs funding of core developers, because their main purpose for existing is not just to make money on their own product.
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:23:46
 
More on this particular noodle vendor - 
aroi maak ("very tasty" in Thai ) :]
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:06:36
Love your work, but ..
While I agree it couldn't drop if it hadn't first have risen... : )
Its plausible that every altcoin is down, because Bitcoin is driving them down - investors see other altcoins as losing value by association - due to psychology, not physics.
I think if we had a block increase along the lines of BIP101 a long time ago, we would not be seeing the lack of a clear roadmap, and the civil war we now see.  The objections to SegWit would be far less, as there would be higher confidence in core devs and their custodianship of the system.
Do you not agree that we would be seeing more use of Bitcoin as a currency and more user growth if we now had a larger block, capable of clearing the 20MB mempools we see every day ?  Would that not be in the best interests of all bitcoin stakeholders?
I think core devs not implementing a larger block size over the past 2 years has brought us to this point - and miners and users are effectively being held at ransom, as there is no good reason why almost all transactions in the mempool cant be processed.  I think its actually immoral, and I understand the frustration and desire of people like Jihan and Craig Wright to take whatever action is needed to guarantee the flow of spice.
Heres hoping you can talk some sense into the small blockers - I hope they will see reason before the price drops below 1000.
@_date: 2017-07-17 23:17:58
Your own link says Lightning Network is ALPHA !!
Case closed.
@_date: 2017-07-23 05:09:48
oh, I thought SegWit2x [ meaning Segwit _and_ a blocksize increase ] was agreed to ?
seems to be at 87% signalling on coindance. 
Regardless, the debate on blocksize, and who is braindead, will rage on for some time :-]
@_date: 2017-07-16 08:40:43
Those really shouldn't be hard-coded .. it should check for a local config on startup.
In recent core codebase, there is a python build script that reads in 
   
and adds those to fixed dns addresses with which to peer with.
Those should all be loaded from a runtime config file, not compiled in - especially in a project that is security sensitive, and open to peer review etc.  
A runtime config file would mean you can load them from a default config, or add your own, and restart the node to use those initial discovery nodes.  It shouldn't be baked in to the binary.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:11:54
wrong way to think .. we actually need a trusted digital currency for small transactions.  [ and many people think that should be bitcoin ]
There probably is a technical solution to fan out by grouping microtransactions into a single btc transaction by proxy, but it might need an exchange to take the risk to buffer those ... or BTC could be made so efficient to allow utrans to happen within the main chain. [ I'm thinking of some kind of altcoin thats actually bound in value to BTC, but has less computational overhead, thus supports microtransactions .. maybe someone has solved that already, but it just needs a social contract to make the economics work for all market participants ]  
I think Craig is Wright in the sense that an exchange can take that risk and earn that trust, especially if its microtransactions .. not everything in the system has to process the whole 145GB blockchain, there will be exchanges / trusted buyers/sellers who you can do an instant trade with and walk away, and have more certainty that the trade will clear than you do that your bank account will hold its value one week to the next.  Its pretty obvious to me there will be new banks made on the rise of bitcoin, who gain market share by solving the kind of problem we now have [ BTC becoming too costly for small transactions .. and for frequent large trades ].   
There will definitely be people who want to be able to use BTC to hedge other currency exposure in the not too distant future - but they need to be able to adjust their hedges with large automated trades, and thus need low transaction fees, with reliable settlement times - so its not just starbucks we're driving out, its the big boys with the 18-wheelers and ferraris and microsecond links to the worlds currency markets : )
My feeling is even now the high transaction cost [ compared to what it could be, not what other currencies/visa/banks charge ] is bringing down the volume of trades dramatically, and with more smaller trades we'd have less volatility, more trust, more stability.. hence more growth of adoption of BTC and increase in value of the currency.  ETH hype and growth is a symptom of the unmet need.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:22:02
SegWit = meh ... but I guess its the price you have to pay to get 2MB blocks, which will actually help throughput.
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:00:56
Assuming your legit .. mention your story on HackerNews ..its possible coinbase insiders might see it there, and want to avert the bad marketing / HN wrath : ]