@_author: justlovetohelpout
@_date: 2017-09-10 21:32:41
WTF... Are you serious? Data isnt exclusive only to a record of timeframes that produce results with reliability high enough to achieve   consistent predictions. Data is collected in the innovation process before things even exist. Data is any research conducted that lends credence to the entire projects performance. Segwit development, miner performance, stability of blockchain, Core team performance and commitment, adoption rates, fee rates, confirmation times, there is endless amounts of data to use as a compass to help gently guide bitcoin into a stable and strong place both technically, and on the road to mass adoption.
@_date: 2017-09-10 17:52:20
Correct.You have given me absolutely no explanation of any incentive or value gained through the risk. "We did it before," doesn't give any real value worth losses for users, further stress on the bitcoin blockchain than already imposed from BCH, and major adjustments for the entire community as a whole a second time for a 4 month period. Furthermore, the examples you gave can be reasonably seen as emergence level phases of vulnerability. If Bitcoin has major unpredictability after having gone this long without major concerns, the viability of it's continuous self development and improvement really starts coming into question and attacked. As it stands currently, data lends credence to that as a fundamental aspect. Also, you say paranoid, I say risk averse. I'm a huge fan of calculated risk taking, but the 2x risk is not organized, data driven, or aptly prepared for. Also, I truly do not see the incentives discussed having any real long term value to the goal of bitcoin as A GLOBAL ANONYMOUS SECURE TRANSACTIONAL CURRENCY. Don't give me motives for devs, miners, or even users. Businesses don't make major changes to serve employees and very rarely for current customers, but surely never during its early phases. The goals are always expansion, adoption, perception, profit margin, development. Bitcoin has an even less margin to self serve, as it's a public service and financial entity in early phases. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 18:56:22
It doesnt work that way. You can't just knock them out now before it catches on. BCH added vulnerability already. It was imo too rushed and I didn't see the clear data to prove it was the most efficient response under the circumstances. Restructuring to the way the decisions are being proposed, researched, prepared for, and executed needs some serious guidance. The motives, obligations, level of personal risk, past performance, commitment to development, talent, and experience level of people involved should be evaluated closely to examine percentage of influence over the direction of the project. In my opinion, active developers of other projects should have no influence in the oversight of bitcoin. It should be prioritized at a level equal to it's relative financial performance and potential. Bitcoin's financial performance is of a level that in any other sector, public or private, would warrant a major team completely dedicated solely to it's success. Because all of these technical, organizational, and structural problems are all lacking, it's an extreme risk just to make any major decision. Let alone Two so close together. The time constraints of forking are completely manipulated by people involved in the program and that is absolutely negligent behavior for a project of this size. Threats, Ultimatums, fear of reciprocal actions.... these CANNOT be driving factors of Bitcoin EVER. No entity should have enough power by themselves to jeapordize the survival of the project and all individual entities should be easily disposable without any risk to the program. Basically, I dont give a shit about pissed off participants in this program and no one else should either. Anyone not feeling like the luckiest most honored person to be a part of this is easily replaceable. People are taking notice, its incredibly lucrative, and if we network hard enough, you can replace all this dead weight. The one thing we do have data on is Segwit's rate of adoption and how it's going to keep exponentially solving the issues being discussed by a 2x that has an artificial time constraint imposed by threatening participants in the project. My personal opinion is that Bitcoin needs a bootcamp to work on the effectiveness and reliability of it's structure of project participants and organization of the program prior to any other major technical decision being made. Those are crucial areas essential to making the most effective and calculated decisions. How we are even making decisions without any organization or accountability I have no idea. Seems like a roullette table strategy to me. Basically GIVE ME DATA OR GIVE ME STFU
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:22:57
You answered your own question. If you're already in a high risk situation (governmental and financial industries are desperate for any small concern they can find to increase regulation, discourage usage to the public, and limit allowable function) why in the hell would you want to compromise the functionality and safety of usage to give them ammo? AND create more distrust and confusion about the technology's viability to the public, and worst of all, risk your current users who have already made the decision to support it. No replay alone is already going to start it off with loss, because people are fucking morons and won't withdraw or protect their investments. Yes I agree, they are stupid. However, the stupidity of the people who lost money the day Stellar had a DDOS at around 600% return on the day that crashed back down to 200% return, was still enough of an excuse for the SEC to propose the first draft for regulations of the exchanges due to "public protection" THE NEXT DAY after the event due to all of the ranting. The government can't decide on what damn donuts it wants to order for breakfast that week within 24 hrs, but yet a draft was proposed that quickly. That's how closely crypto (especially bitcoin) being watched for any slight slip up to give credence to whatever bullshit agenda they can. It's so so crazy to rock the boat when it's in such a fragile state of even becoming adopted on a widespread scale as it is. ANd honestly, lets just say screw bitcoin what if it goes under right? Yeah now you've also jeapordized the entire sector of cryptocurrencies existence as a whole as well. Bitcoin HAS to act as responsibly as possible and not yolo risks around as a responsibility not just to itself, but the entire technological sector. This is what bothers me the most about the crypto community sometimes. You guys are so focused on the bullshit little details and hangups and have such a rigid and selfish mindset of doing things the rebellious way you want, you forget to look at the big picture. Eventually, if you truly want to see crypto succeed, we have to cater to public opinion, and put time and effort into the public adoption and perception of bitcoin as a whole. You're going to have to dumb it down, and do things the safe way for the reputation of what you're trying to make successful. End game people. We aren't going to get there by catering to miners and even current users. You have to make decisions that grow the brand, limit risk, protect dumasses of the public, stay vigilant about government opposition, and create trust with the appearance of stability. Bottom line, quit giving a shit about what you want or the miners or anyone involved now. We should all care about one thing, getting it to fulfill its potential as the world's first decentralized transactional commodity/currency unstifled by governments/elitsm that's pure in scarcity and the motherfucking supermoney of the universe. Let's have real wealth redistribution that changes the balance of power for the rest of humanity's existence. If you base it on those terms, would you think 2x is worth the risk?
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:06:47
Now, all that being said. I have absolutely no direct involvement with Bitcoin other than being an obsessed investor. I'm a Behavioral Interventionist so that's why the personnel issues are at a level of complete bizarre obscurity and of a crisis level of need. I do have training in Blockchain fundamental development though so I'm not just looking at it one-dimensionally.