@_author: justinw303
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:09:04
The little bit of value these assets might have had is fading quickly. It's neither a currency, nor a store of value. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:13:51
This is supposed to be a currency, right? So how is it supposed to be a currency if almost no one accepts it or uses it as one? 
@_date: 2014-12-31 16:49:06
Yes, I believe it's entirely possible. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:12:01
Easy: They get built and financed by the people that use them. It's not a difficult concept.
@_date: 2014-12-31 17:26:49


Someone, besides the infant, is the one who signed the contract and is paying the rent. Again, your analogy fails.


That's a not a real contract, and your "move if you don't like it" argument is authoritarian and is the equivalent of victim-blaming. Why should the person being coerced have to sacrifice, rather than the aggressor? Why is the right to tax someone more acceptable than the right to not be taxed? 


You literally just shot a hole in your argument. Thanks for the help.


Okay. And? Nothing you said there does anything to make your analogy any less terrible.


Because you're using the argument as a way to coerce someone into doing something they don't want to do, which is pretty scummy. I'm not using the phrase to force you, or anyone else, to do *anything*. Why is it so hard for you to see the difference?
Why are you so afraid of allowing people to interact voluntarily and cooperate on their own terms?
@_date: 2014-12-31 20:58:25


That's not how consent works. Imagine if I broke into your mom's house and raped her once a week. She'd probably want me to stop, but too bad, I always rape the oldest woman who lives at this address once a week. If she doesn't like it, she should move.


You think people would just stop wanting to be educated if the government disappeared? 


Wow. You're essentially saying it's better for the government to rob me and give my money to someone else, rather than they try to take it from me directly. At least you've admitted that taxation is theft. And I wouldn't worry too much about being mugged, I don't carry cash but I do carry a gun.


Some people believe there is a right to internet access and medical care. You probably disagree about those, right? Yet I am sure you 100% believe that your "right to not be taxed" is completely legitimate though.
How dense are you, exactly? Let me break this down for you one more time:
A right to medical care means Person A is forced to provide a service for person B.
A right to internet access means Person A is forced to provide a service for Person B.
A right to not be taxed means no one is forced to do anything.
One of those is *clearly* different from the other 2. How is this so hard for you to grasp?


No, it doesn't. Now you're literally just making stuff up. We don't embrace anything but individual freedom, self-ownership, and property laws. I mean, maybe a few other things depending on who you ask, but to say that we "embrace" child rape is so intellectually dishonest that it's laughable. 
@_date: 2014-12-31 20:36:20
So because something initially happened one way, there's absolutely no way it could be done another way? Quite the narrow mind you have there.
Yeah, Bitcoin was made possible because of the state. If the state didn't manipulate the money supply, no one would have sought out an alternative!
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:07:17


The problem is the legitimacy of those acquisitions. Is it legitimate to point to a large, sparsely populated area on a map and say "that's mine"? I don't think any rational person could call that a fair claim of ownership. Either you apply your labor to the land in some way, or you purchase it from someone who has previously. Government's do very little of either.


This might be one of the worst attempts at an analogy I've ever read. I mean, it actually misses the entire point of the argument. Not even close.
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:10:54
Ah, the classic statist mistake. Thinking a service or good currently monopolized by the government could not exist without the government.
@_date: 2014-12-30 21:10:25


Without delving into the specifics of property rights, you don't have to fully define the ins and out of them to know that simply pointing at 500 acres of land and saying "that's all mine" is very obviously an invalid method of acquisition. *Especially* if people already inhabit parts of it.


No, that's not his position. He (and I) and MORE than happy to VOLUNTARILY pay for the goods and services we use, as well as voluntarily funding services we aren't currently using but see a benefit in. 
And you're assuming not wanting to be taxed = not wanting to live within a society. That's a fallacy.
@_date: 2014-12-30 22:19:56


Government wouldn't have to be abolished overnight, so any publicly held lands could be opened for homesteading or auctioned off to pay down public debt.


It doesn't have to be "fair", because some things in life just aren't "fair". It's not fair that I wasn't around to watch Babe Ruth play, and it's not fair that I'm not 6'4". It's not anyone's fault, it's just the way nature works. Scarcity is real, and with regards to natural, dry land on Earth, there's not really anything humans can do to change that.


Again, bad analogy. You can't compare a landlord to a government, for several reasons.


What you're saying is akin to telling a slave to just kill themselves if they don't want to be enslaved anymore. It's not a choice, it's a threat, and a childish one.
@_date: 2014-12-31 16:39:02
If the equivalents in your analogy are landlord = government, rooms in house = government provided services, and house = USA, then here's how it fails:
I would have to sign a contract with a landlord. I've never signed a contract consenting to taxation from the government.
Moving out of a house is vastly different, and much, much easier, than moving out of a country.
A landlord would be hard-pressed to find someone to rent just the living room and basement in the hypothetical house you're referring to, while it's pretty easy for people besides me to fund whatever government programs I don't want to support. 
[In response to your comment regarding bad jobs vs. starving]( 
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:57:33


Because all those things involve 2 consenting individuals. The social contract doesn't. 


I've already told you I'm more than happy to voluntarily pay for the goods and services I use. 


So if slavery were in the constitution, you'd support it? I mean, since there's no such thing as a right to not be enslaved... 


No, I'm not. Sorry if you consider having you welfare check discontinued an act of aggression, but it's not. All I want is for you to be able to spend your money however you want, rather than having politicians spend it inefficiently on things you don't want. 


So to remedy that, you support using violence to force someone else to give money to the poor child. Yeah, that sounds like a great solution! Steal from people and throw them in cages if they refuse! Aren't you such a great person! /s
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:13:48
Wow, you serious? Every single thing you listed has numerous examples of having been done by the private sector.
@_date: 2015-01-06 04:36:27
Yeah, I'm definitely more of a fan of negative rights. 