@_author: justporn12
@_date: 2017-09-08 22:30:29
SEC can and likely will regulate some cryptocurrencies by essentially stating that they're securities. If SEC decides they aren't securities, I'm sure they'd make another regulatory board for crypto. There's so much money in crypto that I doubt they're going to just allow it to continue as it is.
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:58:59
Depends on where. I live in US and in US, any consumer protections that apply to investments may be interpreted to apply to crypto as well. Market manipulation laws will easily apply retroactively. People who actively and knowingly engage in pump and dumps (actually organizing them etc) are going to go to jail (if anyone can find them and they live in the US), unless there's a grace period due to it being a new market.
I don't know enough about other laws in other countries to talk about them.
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:06:08
Market manipulation? Insider trading? The journalist isn't committing the crime (unless they're personally invested) the anonymous source *may* be if they intend on profiting from the instability their story creates.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:06:01
What's with that bizarre accusation in the first line? If a journalist is invested in a stock and purposely seeks out news to crash that stock (in order to buy more cheaper) then it's market manipulation. Journalists have gone to jail for market manipulation and insider trading. The idea they get out free is so misinformed.
Any and all judgments on insider trading and market manipulation can be retroactively applied to crypto as well. People can be charged for these things. All the court needs to do is prove that similar tactics to previous cases of market manipulation have been used to make a strong case that market manipulation took place. 
If you honestly think that no one will be charged, you may be right. It's difficult. To say no one *can* be charged is just ignorance. You're putting your head in the ground to ignore reality, because reality doesn't benefit you here.
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:12:51
Banning market manipulation protects people who are being literally manipulated. If you don't, you have people constantly taking losses and the average person is incentivized to never invest in that market again. Then all you have is a bunch of people manipulating markets for themselves and not really making money. Long term that means your stock isn't worth shit because the only people who want to buy it are only wanting to buy it to manipulate it. The people who legitimately believe it's worth something are gone because they've lost so much money. 
Consider the long term adoption that you're punishing next time you're thinking that market manipulation is freedom. It's freedom to literally manipulate humans to make them lose money so you get money.  
@_date: 2017-09-09 07:46:20
You being angry about human psychology isn't going to help long term growth. If you're fine with crypto staying at their current rate or dropping, then you shouldn't worry about long term adoption though.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:19:27
None yet. I just worry about long term adoption in a market riddled with it. The real problem is when countries engage in market manipulation (China now and past, Russia in the future). I think these giant forces may destroy what I consider one of the greatest technologies of all time. That's a much bigger deal than the whales that may actually see some jail time.