@_author: just_someguy
@_date: 2011-06-01 22:35:48
You will have a very tough time getting someone to sell you bitcoin with a credit/debit card/paypal.
Many will accept Dwolla so that is probably your best bet.
@_date: 2011-06-01 22:45:00
Yes, dwolla is safe.
Dwolla does not sell bitcoins though.
Once you have money in your dwolla account you can find someone who will accept it for bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-06-01 22:30:22
I'm reasonably familiar with the code and you're pretty close:
What your key actually owns are the outputs of other transactions.... or rather the ability to spend the outputs of other transactions.
A transaction consists of 0 or more inputs and exactly one or two outputs.
(0 input transactions occur when a miner mines a block)
The inputs to transactions are the outputs of other transactions.
The thing to remember is that when you spend the output of a transaction it must spent in full and cannot be spent ever again.
This is why there are exactly one or two outputs... the second is for sending your change.
The life of a bitcoin transaction:
A miner mines a block containing multiple transactions.
The first transaction in the block is a special "coinbase" transaction. This is the only type of transaction that has no inputs.
We'll call the transaction TransA and the output ID of this transaction OutA. The single output has a value of 50.
The miner then send 30 bitcoins to a friend in TransB. The transaction has one input: OutA and two outputs: OutB.1 (30 BTC assigned to his friends key) and OutB.2 (20 BTC assigned to a key the sender owns)
Once OutA is spend it can never be spent again. If TransB had only had the 30 BTC output the remaining 20 BTC would go to the miner that mines the block TransB appears in. 
When your client needs to send BTC it goes through the wallet finding unspent transaction outputs that it owns. It combines enough transaction outputs to equal or exceed what it needs and spends them all by sending them as inputs.
This makes it so nodes don't have to trace a transaction chain all the way back down to the genesis block. Once a transaction has been spent it can be completely removed from storage as there is no need to refer to it again.
This is also why you see transaction size being referred to when mining. A 1 BTC transaction composed of thousands of 0.00001 outputs results in a huge package of data. Fortunately though once those thousands of transaction outputs have been referenced once they are not needed again or verifying any transaction after that would take forever.
@_date: 2011-06-02 22:29:12
Eight decimals gives roughly two quadrillion units.
For it to be at all necessary to subdivide it further would require that almost all the worlds transactions be handled in bitcoin. 
In a world like that I can't even imagine how changes to the protocol would happen but I doubt it will ever be necessary to find out. I imagine there would be international standards bodies to handle such a thing considering almost every transaction would need to be handled in bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-06-02 23:37:52
Well, the technical answer is we just accept transactions with greater precision in the TxOut structure. Its one of the easiest parts of the protocol to change. 
Much more intricate parts of  protocol change with each release. (Such as forwarding rules as applies to minimum transaction fees. )
The fact remains that for this to become an issue the entire world would have to adopt bitcoins which leaves other more pressing issues to deal with first.
@_date: 2011-06-02 22:18:58
I believe the FAQ is just pointing out that .00000001 (the smallest btc amount) can be further subdivided by all the software agreeing to add more decimal places.