@_author: justinwnewton
@_date: 2015-04-22 19:09:27
Hi all.  I am Justin, the CEO and co-founder of Netki.  I wanted to go ahead and address some of the meaningful concerns  that have been raised about our service.  We have built this service in order to address the needs of the community, and we are eager to find ways to enhance our service based on community feedback.
WE ARE OPEN SOURCE AND NON EXCLUSIVE
First, let me start by saying that the Wallet Name Service is in no way exclusive to Netki, and that anyone who follows the formats published on our developer and github pages, can register and serve Wallet Names themselves from their Internet connection at home. Our developer site is here and contains a link to our github:  
NOTE: I just double checked and realized we haven’t published the formats yet.  Our oversight, they will go up by tomorrow morning. In the meantime, if you really wanted to you could decipher the record formats from the API server source code, it is pretty straight forward. :)
All that our lookup API server does is lookup records from the blockchain and the Internet and parse the results in order to allow developers to hit a simple REST API, rather than do the work themselves.  We have open sourced this API server on our GitHub, so you can verify this yourself as well as run your own version of the API server 100% independently. Alternatively, you could skip the API entirely and do all of the lookups and parsing yourself.  
WE ARE DECENTRALIZED AND DISTRIBUTED
Our service is both decentralized and distributed.  We register the base name, such as “justinwnewton.bit” on the Namecoin blockchain, in order to provide full ownership and censor proof control.  In the record on the blockchain we store the base name,  the name servers used, and the DNSSEC public key.  We then keep the Wallet Name to bitcoin address mapping on distributed DNS servers.  This means your full wallet name remains private, unless you share it with someone, and means you can share your name with whoever you choose without having to publish your name and bitcoin address to everyone on a permanent public ledger.  This helps to maintain user privacy while still making things easier to use.  In addition to blockchain based names, we also support traditional ICANN domain names for partners and brands.
Like the lookup API, we wanted to make using the service available to everyone.  Users can choose from the easiest and free path, having a name auto-registered via one of our partners (Example: “justin.holytransaction.com” coming soon) where the name to address mapping are automatically configured and the user only needs to share their wallet name to start using it.    Users can also run their own independent DNS servers and register on the blockchain themselves for 100% control. For those  who want a vanity name, but don’t want to do a lot of work, they can register a name through us and manage it via our web interface (Example: “batwallet.brucewayne.bit”).   
It was important to us when we designed this service to ensure that we met the overlapping goals of protecting user privacy, creating a solution that was resistant to censorship, and making bitcoin easy to use. We also wanted users to be able to choose their own path, be 100% independent or have a zero click experience in getting set up through our partners. Either way , we provide the ability to do so.
WE SUPPORT UNIQUE ADDRESSES PER LOOKUP
Our service supports both HD Wallets (BIP 0032) and Payment Requests (BIP 0070).  In these cases the DNS record will contain a URL and a second lookup will be done by the API server and parsed to be returned via the API.  A brief video here:   shows how this works.  
Unfortunately, today, none of our initial partners are supporting this, and there isn’t an easy way for an individual to do this themselves.   We thought it was important as well, so to that end we are currently working on another open source project that will make it easy for any wallet or individual to run their own server to generate a unique address per lookup in order to prevent address re-use.  We have started talking to our partners about features that would be desired in this project, and we will be opening it up more broadly when we announce and do the first release in the next few weeks.
Thanks for listening, and I hope this clears things up!
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:06:49
Quick follow up:  We have posted the record formats to the developer pages for those that would want to run this on their own.
@_date: 2015-04-23 00:54:28
Adam, thanks for taking the time to ask.  There are a couple of use cases here, let me answer for each of them.
Case 1: A user only has a static wallet address, and uses the Wallet Name "SendMeLotsOfMoney.rightnow.bit" to point to it.  rightnow.bit is registered in the blockchain, but for someone to know your full wallet name to lookup, you would have to share it with them, just like you do with your address today.  This doesn't improve privacy over the existing system, but it doesn't hurt it either.
Case 2: A user has an HD wallet.  In this case in addition to knowing your Wallet Name, what is contained in the DNS record is not an address but a URL that will allow our open source API server to do a second lookup, parse that and hand back the unique address generated by the wallet provider/payment processor/whatever.  In this case we improve privacy over the existing case because even if you share your Wallet Name with someone once, they should send to a unique address every time, versus the case today where if you share a wallet address with someone once, the easiest thing to do is just keep re-using it.  (NOTE: the parsing code will be added to github once integration and testing of the code with wallets has been complete)
@_date: 2015-04-23 04:15:44
   As we have said a few times today, it is key for us to ensure we do things the right way for the community and the future.  You are someone who's opinion I very highly regard, and if you were willing to take the time to discuss your thoughts on what we are doing in more detail, I would be most appreciative. I am following you on twitter and you can DM me there at the same alias as here to exchange contact info.
@_date: 2015-04-23 01:14:58
Wallet Name Service works with traditional domains as well as Namecoin backed domain names.  We wanted to support that for those who choose to use a domain they already own.
@_date: 2015-04-23 16:03:27
It is if you want to be able to receive payments from a very small percentage of the bitcoin ecosystem.  I love the idea of stealth addresses, and when they are widely available, we will certainly support them.  
@_date: 2015-04-23 00:42:04
Thanks!  Glad you like what we are doing!
@_date: 2016-07-05 22:50:53
   A few things her to respond to your note.  First, I agree that we want to avoid a centralized wallet solution like a PayPal, and also want to avoid a solution where software such as Mycellium can't interact with a closed identity solution.
I personally don't expect bitcoin to become a world where vendors require validated identity for every transaction, but lets say that they do.  
[Let me note for the record that we have no indication that Mycellium intends to implement BIP75.  I am only using their name as they were the example used in the comment I am responding to]
First, lets take a look at the world without BIP 75.
In that world, service providers and regulated entities form a closed loop system that exchanges identity behind the scenes, in a manner that is opaque to end users.  Wallets like Mycellium are forced to choose whether to KYC all of their customers and become a regulated entity to join the club, or not allow their users to interact with those services.  
Now lets look at the world with BIP 75.  Mycellium can choose whether to implement BIP 75 or whether not to.  If they choose not to, the world would look much like the one above, where their users and the services requesting KYC could never interact, and their users would be cut off from those services.
Alternately, they could implement BIP 75, and if a merchant "required" BIP 75, the user could choose to turn it on for that transaction, and continue to do the rest of their transactions anonymously.  
Further, by using BIP75, we encourage using each address only once, making a user's identity MORE private with respect to analytics tools or other correlation engines.
BIP 75 allows you to optionally and privately share your information with who you choose while making it more secure against others finding it out.
@_date: 2016-07-13 03:34:38
Hi there.  I share the same concerns that you do, which is why we designed BIP 75 to do all identity exchange offchain, on a private encrypted channel between the participants in the transaction.  It is also why BIP 75 makes it easy to automate using a unique address per transaction, so even if someone knows your identity related to one transaction, they can't easily tie together all of your transactions.
In short, we are making it easy for you to share information with who you choose, while making it harder for anyone else to spy on your activities.
Ensuring the concerns that you raise were met is precisely why we designed things as we did, and also why we wanted to open it to public scrutiny via a standards process.
@_date: 2016-07-12 21:49:46
Hi there. This isn't live in any wallets yet, but is being built in to several as we speak. 
@_date: 2016-07-05 17:09:53
Peter,  The BIP does allow for authentication via other means, as shown here:  
This includes, for example, use of PGP Keyservers, etc.  
@_date: 2016-07-05 16:52:36
This is actually a reason that naming + BIP75 works so well.  You can type in an easy to remember name, and then the protocol can hand you back either a self signed or third party validated identifier, so you can ensure you typed in the right thing.  
@_date: 2016-07-05 17:12:36
I hear your argument here, but my response to that is that we shouldn't be permissioning BIPs in that case, either.  As soon as we say that there is a "wrong way" to use bitcoin, we are creating the same structures that bitcoin was meant to work around, just with ourselves at the center of it.  
@_date: 2016-07-05 16:37:58
Hi there.  I wanted to follow up to respond to a few mis-perceptions in this posting.
BIP 75 has no mechanism to "color coins" in any way.  One of the critical design points in the BIP was that all information exchange occurs off chain, and there is NO MARK left on the blockchain at all that BIP 75 was even used, much less any indication of what identities may or may not have been involved.  Additionally, because use of BIP 75 encourages using a unique address for every transaction (by making it automatic), it actually REDUCES the on blockchain taint on coins, as well as reduces the ability for analytics systems to correlate identity among multiple transactions.  
In short, BIP 75 makes it easy for the participants in a transaction to privately share identity information with each other (if they choose to) while at the same time making it much HARDER for anyone on the outside to know the participants' identity.  
In terms of why this should be a BIP, we made this a BIP for the same reasons that BIP 70 is a BIP (and one Peter contributed at least a diagram to).  When there is communication between participants in an ecosystem, it is best if those things are done in an open, standards based way.  In this way everyone in the ecosystem gets to have a voice and contribute to the standard, as well as point out any potential problems are flaws.  Similarly, it reduces the opportunity for vendor lock in, or private networks or clubs.  Certainly the same technology could be created with or without a standards process, but if you want to create an open, permissionless system, standards are the best way to achieve it.