@_author: just_one_more_click
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:10:20
It's nothing more than a bunch of people saying "I want to buy bitcoin and I'm willing to pay [price]" to a bunch of people saying "I want to sell bitcoin for [price]". Each time someone buys or sells bitcoin, they determine what it's worth to them at that moment and decide whether or not to go through with the transaction. When the process of trading is facilitated by an electronic exchange, hundreds/thousands of transactions can happen in a short  period of time and the average price of bitcoin can be very fluid. 
It's worth whatever people value it at. This goes for pretty much everything in the free market, whether you're buying a house or a loaf of bread.
Motives for buying and selling bitcoin are anyone's guess right now. It's clearly in a bubble where people mainly  want to make money off of it by speculation. Which is cool, and fascinating. 
Getting into bitcoin could be anything between a pure gamble (buy some to get into the hype and bet on selling at the right time whatever the hell that means to you) and buying and hodling because you have a solid trust in bitcoin's long term future. You decide. 
Some random event could trigger a panic where lots of people sell, which lowers the price, which might trigger more people to sell. It works the other way as well, obviously. 
If you could accurately predict the bitcoin trade you'd be a very gifted person and rich in no time. The more time I spend in this sub, the more I'm convinced pretty much everyone is talking out of their ass. No one knows how to time the market. There are no low risk high reward investments.
I highly recommend  reading 'a random walk down wall street'. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:35:16
Then definitely read that book. The thing you have to remember constantly is that you're directly competing with thousands of others who want the exact same thing you want: make money. So the only way to beat those people is either luck or outsmarting everyone with some superior strategy or piece of knowledge.
Luck never lasts, statistically speaking. So do you have superior insight into the market? 
The market is ruthless. It doesn't care if those were your life savings. When you lose, the money goes to someone else and that's that. There's no refund. 
The only strategy that makes sense to me is educating yourself, buying bitcoins and holding them because you truly believe it has a future as a currency or store of value. 
Everything else is just gambling. Which is exciting, but don't kid yourself and think you're a brilliant investor all of a sudden. 
Given the volatility of bitcoins, most would recommend you  to only buy bitcoins with money you can afford to lose right here right now. 
You're welcome! ;)
@_date: 2017-10-24 20:13:28
This. I'm all for power to the people, but I don't see widespread adoption without regulation. Is bitcoin just going to brute force its way into the economy?
The safety issues alone. Sure, fuck banks, but they still provide legitimate services. It's cool there are people carrying a bitcoin fortune on a memory stick right now, but that won't work for grandma's savings.
I like the fact that my bank worries about security and accept at least some responsibility if it goes wrong. Who's going to do that in the bitcoin universe? 
Please educate me if I'm wrong here.
@_date: 2017-10-22 13:39:56
Funny how that works. People tend to look at the success of bitcoin and retroactively consider it a low risk investment, which it has never been and still isn't. It's like telling yourself you should have bought the winning lottery ticket, stupid! Sure, bitcoin is more than a lottery but many of the people now buying bitcoins seem to treat it as such. 
Plus we tend to listen to the success stories, not the people who lost their bitcoins or sold at a loss. 
I almost bought bitcoins in 2013 (at MtGox :X), but I just couldn't afford to gamble with my savings because I was partially unemployed and needed a healthy buffer. Made sense to me. With today's knowledge I should have sold my house and car and live in a tent to buy as much bitcoins as possible.
People forget that high reward comes with high risk. I don't see how bitcoin is any different from other investments. 