@_author: justanotherhodler
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:34:53
Anyone know where one can trade these futures?  I have an AllyInvest account and figured I'd be able to use that but I don't see any xbt listed.  What brokerages are available to jump in asap?
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:37:36
I honestly had no idea he was this big a figure but he's also the reason I'm in.  I stumbled across a video of him on youtube and my first thought was "who is this madman and what is he on about?"  By the end of the video I was like "this madman is onto something huge" and I spent the next month deep diving into blockchain and bitcoin and eventually investing in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:21:11
Well I get that it's slow and not ready to be used for transactions but that wasn't my worry.  At this point in the development of the tech, I see Bitcoin as a store of value - nothing more.  Sure, fees are high but thatdoesn't bother people who are investing as opposed to transacting so that's nbd.  And having to wait a few hours tops for a transfer when you're just an investor is also nbd.  
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:06:07
So as long as we don't have a million people all trying to move on/off an exchange in one day then all seems good.  I was trying to figure out if there was a possibility of technical limitations causing this thing to pop.  I figured that if the network gets so clogged up that people are waiting days for their BTC that a lot of those with weak hands who don't understand the technical side would get spooked and run.  But it seems that that's unlikely unless a big exchange suddenly loses the trust of its customers.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:33:50
Looks like there's no way for individual investors to short it though...
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:40:06
What is the current limit on transaction rate in the Bitcoin network?
No FUD here I promise.  I'm long term bullish on BTC and believe in the tech.  With that said, I understand that Bitcoin has scalability issues and that LN is the solution.  In the meantime, I want to understand what the current limitations are.  Assuming that everyone buying into Bitcoin right now is simply buying to hold as a store of value, what rate of purchases can the network handle at this time?
With all of the mania going on around Bitcoin's price right now and everyone buying in, I'm really curious to know if it's possible that we get to a point where so many people are buying in that a backlog grows to something that can't be settled in a matter of minutes or hours.  What would happen if the rate of orders on exchanges eclipses the maximum transaction rate of the network for a sustained period of time?  At this point I know that we've only had a few minor network congestions but I just want to understand how far we are right now from a major network congestion.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:52:58
Ahhh good point!  So the majority of this influx of wealth is handled off chain.  In a way, the exchanges are layer 2 right now preventing the blockchain from getting too crowded.
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:41:46
Any suggestions on how to make it as transparent as possible?  For example, if this is a web service, how do I prove that the code on the backend is what I have on github?  Ditto for Android.  I understand that someone can build from my code if they want to be sure but I want to make this user friendly while still maintaining full transparency.
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:50:13
But has the upper-middle and upper grown by as much as the middle has shrunk?  If not, then guess where the middle class went...
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:35:33
You make some good points here.  But why would the potential return on productive investments be less than holding currency?  A profitable company is profitable relative to the currency that is being used so wouldn't it still outpace the slow rate at which the currency becomes more valuable?  If I understand correctly, a noninflationary currency would only appreciate in value as overall productivity increases.  So investing in an above average company would yield returns greater than the appreciation and a bad investment would do worse.  I could see this system reducing the amount of money being carelessly thrown companies and encourage more sound investment in companies that actually help the economy and thus help the value of the currency grow as well.
I think that the "invisible tax" argument is not any different than what we have now.  Those who need to spend to live can't benefit from the appreciation of the stock market like those who can afford to invest their money.
Curious what your thoughts are on this.  