@_author: justacodfish
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:56:59
My suggestion is that you calculate the amount you invested in USD/BTC against the % of the USD you took out of your investments and “cashed out.”
It won’t be precise, since you technically MAY have triggered taxable events when you sold appreciated coin for another coin.  My advice is to ignore that part right now ... audit percentages are low and the code says that you can avoid penalties if you took a reasonable approach.  (see the IRS’s limited explainer on bitcoin where they mention that.)
Example:  you invested $10k even for 10 BTC, then traded like a madman.  If you sold out 5 BTC to buy $75k in Christmas gifts, I would claim an appreciation of $70k and pay tax on that. 
This system might turn out to be technically “wrong” in ignoring coin-coin trades and ignores the “first in first out” concept (Google it), but it’s probably close enough to being ok that even in the unlikely chance of an audit, you won’t get dinged that hard.  Even then, the IRS, which still uses fax machines, will have a hard time figuring it out.  
When you eventually turn your crypto into cash/goodies, you’ll pay the taxes, although coin/coin trades might trigger that sooner.  It’s a gamble, but I’d just let that part slide. With all the people who will be committing outright tax fraud, paying your cap gains in ‘17 or ‘19 seems unlikely to be that big of a deal. 
Long term appreciation over a year s usually better than short, since capital gains are usually better than ordinary income.  The lower the bracket, the far happier you will be.  
Read up.  Maybe an accountant but YMMV.  Use TurboTax which is excellent and cheap.  Pay your taxes on gains you pulled out. Hodl the rest. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:18:56
Maybe, maybe not.  I lost a few hundred thousand over a few days and it did t affect me at all.  
Part of that is personality but part of it is percentage of your net worth.  As you accumulate more money over time, amounts that bothered you get bigger.  When I was 22, balding tires were a true financial concern, in my 50s replacing a car isn’t a big deal at all. 
So, the market raises/drops your net worthy 5%?  That’s the game, not cause for anxiety.  
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:30:03
It’s actually a bit murky even now. 
The IRS has made no ruling and accountants say that going from one coming to another is likely a taxable event, but that’s not certain.  
It gets really difficult to eve. Figure out what the US equivalent in many trades through the year would actually be. 
There is also “first in first out” issues to deal with. I’m putting some btc into various wallets to avoid that issue. 
If you’ve pulled some USD out, I’d definitely pay taxes, but the coin-coin possible gains are really tough to figure out. 