@_author: just_if_eye_stay
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:53:53
Keep this like your grandparents would have. It's going to get so many upvotes in 100 years
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:45:30
I would totally agree that right now it's primary function is to be traded. It almost drives me nuts how much people are making excuses for why the price moves the way it does. 
I think you're also correct in saying that usefulness is very low. But if, theoretically, there was widespread adoption, it would function just like cash as far as taxation and transaction purposes go. 
Where I would disagree with you though is that Bitcoin is not anonymous, it's psudononymous in that all transactions and balances are public(look into Monero or Zcash for truly anonymous). 
I do think that a central bank running a crypto might be plausible because it would be quickly adopted by banks. But it becomes less plausable when you realize that everything is on a public ledger and that the fed wont even audit itself. 
Bitcoin was essentially created as an alternative to the fractional reserve system.
So I'm not an expert at modern economics or Bitcoin. Also there is a ton of shit information flying around. But from my perspective the value of Bitcoin is based on the philosophy behind it. I intend to use it to buy groceries 40 years from now. 
I would recommend that you watch some Andraes Antonopoulos if you're looking for some fundamentals (friendly suggestion, I'm sick of all the "crypto-insertnamehere"s giving "investing" advice)
@_date: 2018-04-02 21:13:44
I think that  is the big one. I keep reading about central banks, housing market collapse, Greece and Cyprus. And I feel like that guy pulling his hair out yelling "it seems like everyone is taking crazy pills". So I ask for clarification from finance people and people who studied economics, but I mostly find that what they are taught is how to operate well in the current system and don't really question how the system works.
Also I find that it is sometimes hard to talk about it without ranting and sounding like a conspiracy theorist, and once you do that you lose all sorts of credibility. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 21:24:09
So this is kind of why arguments about Bitcoin are hard to have. I'm sure you know what you're talking about, not questioning that. But it seems that you are currently evaluating Bitcoin as a commodity. What are your thoughts about it one day being the global reserve currency?