@_author: jverity
@_date: 2014-09-10 18:17:11


That depends on the difficulty.  At some point it will actually cost $8 in electricity and wear on your hardware, right?  Then, in order for anyone to even want to mine out that next block, they are going to have to make a profit on top of that, right?  
Lets go with a transaction that happens all the time right now.  I go buy the crappy local newspaper for 25 cents at the gas station near the corner every morning.  Sometimes with other stuff, sometimes not.  It already costs more than that in electricity alone to mine a block out with normal hardware, and if you have an asic, it might be faster and cheaper, but you are also trying to recoup the cost of that hardware, so it evens out.  
That in mind, some transactions are already too small to make it worth it to use bitcoin.  I don't know what the actual cutoff point is, but because of the nature of bitcoin and the fact that blocks get harder and harder to mine, that cutoff point of inefficient transactions has to rise a little every single time the difficulty increases, correct?  Am I missing something else here?  
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:02:57
Remote controlling a real car is as trivial as remote controlling a RC car.  You can go online and follow the exact same tutorials.  You just need more powerful actuators, but unlike large RC cars where you are trying to keep the weight down, you have all the power you need available to run them.  
It is just stupid to think this is even something that we could fix by not having these cars become available.  I'd be more worried about a bomb strapped to a drone than a driverless car.
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:27:24


I've tried repeatedly to find the number of transactions that can fit in to a 1 meg block, but no luck so far.  The official bitcoin wiki says that due to this limitation, the current limit on transactions per second that can be maintained (vs. an occasional burst) is 7 transactions per second, which is woefully inadequate for global adoption, but also more than is actually happening today, so I guess that's ok.
As for settling through Visa, unless we hand over complete control of the block chain to a single company like them, I don't think it could work.  If, for example, both Visa and Discover process bitcoin payments, but settle up on the blockchain later, there is definately the potential for multiple transactions against the same coin, that won't be discovered until they try to apply the transactions to the blockchain.  I don't know what happens at that point.  A fork?  Or the second one gets rejected?  either way, one of the processors is going to be loosing money, either by holding on to a fork in the chain that no one considers the official fork, or by getting a lot of rejected transactions.  There's a lot of area for abuse there.
@_date: 2014-09-10 21:04:08
Just to be clear, I'm not trying to argue about this, I'm really trying to understand it, so I appreciate you trying to explain this to me.  Back to it:


But at that point, people will simply stop mining, right?  So there won't be any way to complete a transaction.  
Let me spell it out to make sure you understand the situation I am thinking about so you can tell me what I misunderstand.  And make no mistake, I'm sure I must be misunderstanding something, because there are too many people using bitcoin for this eventuality not to have been thought of yet.
You say:


But fees are not necessarily tied to what people will pay.  That works in a traditional financial system, but in the bitcoin world, completing a transaction costs real money, for electricity of nothing else.  So when the current block is difficult enough that it will cost $8 in electricity alone to complete, that's got to be the bare minimum transaction fee, no matter what the price of gum is or what people are willing to pay.  If they won't pay the fee, they just can't buy anything, because no one is going to complete that transaction at a loss, right?
So that's the eventuality I was discussing in my first post.  At some point, the transaction fee is going to be high enough that people will only purchase things for which a $8 transaction fee is reasonable, like a $1500 tv or something.  Not a beer.  Is there some reason why this wont happen?  Is there some mechanism that keeps the difficulty low enough to ensure that people can always profit from transactions?  Otherwise, bitcoin will eventually devalue itself because it will cost more to complete a transaction than the bitcoin is actually worth.  It's already unprofitable to mine without an asic, and it's approaching that even with an asic.  How will bitcoin continue once no one can afford to keep mining?
@_date: 2014-09-11 17:12:01
But that wouldn't be paying with bitcoin.  That would be a company granting you a credit line paid in bitcoins.  And that might be the way it works eventually, but it would have to bring bitcoin under all of the same regulations that we have for people granting credit based on fiat currency.  Looking at the complaints going on over New York trying to regulate bitcoin commerce, I think we are a ways of from community acceptance of such tight regulations, even though it would mean wider acceptance.
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:37:01
Yeah, except that the increasing calculation difficulty guarantees that eventually transaction fees will get so high that it will not be worth it to buy anything that costs less than a TV with bitcoin.
Want a coffee?  That'll be $4.00 worth of bitcoin, and another $8.00 worth to cover the transaction fee.
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:25:19
So, you are saying the difficulty is not tied to the amount of bitcoin that is mined?  That there is a difficulty cap that will eventually be hit?  Once someone figures out a type of hardware that mines it easily, won't they be able to over mine, causing massive devaluation of the currency? 
And for the infographic to work, micro transactions do need to occur directly on the block chain.  The type of transaction you sent to me is not the type described in the picture.  We are discussing pure bitcoin.  Your solution requires a sign up on a third party service completely separate from your bitcoin wallet, which makes it exactly like Apple's solution.  You might as well be talking about using a completely different currency that handles microtransactions better, like dogecoin. 
Once again, am I misunderstanding something?
@_date: 2014-09-12 14:41:50
One more question about hash-rate and difficulty:
If everyone stopped mining all the sudden, would I be able to mine blocks quickly on old crappy hardware again?
Or a more likely scenario (though admittedly not very likely in the real world) lets say a solar flare takes out the power grid of the entire western United States.  The hashrate is bound to take a significant hit over that.  Will everyone that still has internet notice a significant increase in their own mining results?
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:47:14
Thank you.  This clears up my confusion.  For some reason, I've always though the difficulty followed the block number in some way.  I did not know that it follows the hash rate.
Although, that does present another problem for global acceptance of bitcoin, since the equilibrium between the number of miners, the hash rate, and the difficulty means there will be a ceiling on the transactions per second that can be reached.  Whatever that number is, it can only be increased if people are willing to mine unprofitably, right?  No one is going to pay for a beer at the bar if the bartender is holding the beer for 5 minutes while he waits for confirmation of the funds.  But I guess that is a problem to actually aim for, since for it to happen, billions of people will have to be using bitcoin at the same time.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:10:43
Thanks again for your patience and information.
@_date: 2016-03-09 22:44:32


No, it does not need to change to cater to people who want to use it to buy coffee.  But for a long time Bitcoin supporters pushed it as something that could actually replace your fiat currency in order to try and grow the community and get it accepted in more places, and now they are surprised when people complain that they can't actually use it 99% of the time.  It's not a valid complaint if you have enough of an understanding of Bitcoin to follow this post, but it is definitely a valid complaint if you were one of those people who were "talked in to it", which I think probably represents at least 10% of the total community at this point.


BS.  If you've never heard anyone say that they use Bitcoin for almost everything, or that they expect that people soon will be able to, then you haven't been following Bitcoin for very long.


The author has no idea what they are talking about here.  I saw plenty of movies on Betamax.  The reason Betamax lost to VHS was purely because of licensing.  Sony owned the patent on Betamax and would not license it to other manufacturers who wanted to change it, so there were a couple of very expensive Betamax players out there in the store that all had the same features and a plethora of cheap VHS players sitting right next to them.  Beta lost because Sony was too rigid and they couldn't get any market penetration when there were competitors offering cheaper, easier to use products with a wider variety of features because lots of different companies got to innovate on the platform.  Hmmmm.   It sounds like there might be some parallels here.....