@_author: jyakulis
@_date: 2014-06-24 03:47:22
deep down they are like...ROBOT HOUSE!!!
@_date: 2014-06-25 04:13:03
I'm an ignorant retard? That's the last time I post here. I'm so sick of this filth. You talk about the Jesus Christ of bitcoin mining. Go screw yourself. Yeah because Jesus Christ would start a mining a company you dumb shit for brain low life.
I would think Jesus would do something like this:
Jesus went into the temple courtyard and threw out everyone who was buying and selling there. He overturned the moneychangers' tables and the chairs of those who sold pigeons.
Or create a system to do overturn the moneychangers. Don't you dare ever invoke the name of Jesus to describe something you piece of filth.
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:22:09
Best wishes Gavin...
@_date: 2014-06-25 00:47:54
doesn't Gavin know Satoshi?
I think he should just ask him for some of his bitcoins, I'm sure he would give him as many as he needed...
He could hire a whole team of programmers that he trusted to help him.
That's what I would do.
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:13:50
I think also in addition to what you said is that you have to think of productivity gains vs. inflation.
There was a time when a TV was a rare thing, kind of like Back to the Future. "Nobody has 3 TVs Calvin" in the first movie. What changed? The means of production. People evolved, got smarter, learned from their mistakes and learned how to make TVs at a lower price. People like to be paid for their time. When people were assembling these things piece by piece it had a higher overall value because more work went into producing it. Through productivity though, people were more likely to sell that TV for a lower price because less work went into and in addition the price of the part suppliers became cheaper.
Now you look at how much inflation there really is. You see it in food, medical etc. Services people absolutely need. Yet a flat screen TV is like 400 dollars? How can this be? There are very rapid productivity gains that is being sucked up like a vacuum by these vultures. Now you are at a point where people are working harder than ever (both the husband and wife) yet they are getting nowhere. Now how can this be. Yet they have the nerve to come out and say inflation is 3% I call bs. Note: I realize a lot of those costs are passed off to the third world.
@_date: 2014-06-25 02:15:47
I think he should the lazy SOB. I bet he just sits in his parents basement all day doing God knows what. I mean what a crock. I see people talking about democracy in this so called "bitcoin foundation", whatever that is!  Who is this new disney star turned foundation leader? What is this crap? Seriously just go away! 
Then I see things like anarcho-capitalism ala Murray Rothbard on the side list of interests on this reddit? What gives? And this clown has the nerve to spout off about democracy? We use to talk about things like the LIberty Dollar and digital gold like the american eagle. Bitcoiners hate democracy. Screw him and the load of shill ass donkey shit he road in on IMHO. Stuff Amy Goodman up his ass...there's some democracy I can believe in!
What is a Genesis block anyway. Everyone knows in the beginning was the Word and the Word was God. But hey I'm just a humble Nobody in this whole thing. But I don't like what I see going on here...nope not one bit. 10 foundation members just suddenly leave? I think they should slap some sense into Satoshi steal the buffoons bitcoins because he's probably too dumb to know how to use them and say thanks but no thanks to this BS.
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:50:14
You sound like some shill statist talking about banning people...
@_date: 2014-06-24 03:26:15
let's make a shillumentary about it