@_author: jywhy999
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:03:20
This user agreement (henceforth, "the Agreement") describes the rules and conditions of using the services provided by LEANCY Inc. ("LEANCY"), located at 16 Hedemannstasse, Elbenschwand - 79692, Germany, to the registered user ("the User"), including but not limited to the access to the individual user's account and payment operations performed through the LEANCY website located at 
Using LEANCY's services, you confirm that you have read all paragraphs of this Agreement, understood their meaning in full and that you accept this Agreement and will abide by it.
1. General terms
1.1. Any individual who reached 18 years of age or the legal age according to the law of their country of residence may create a LEANCY account and become its Participant.
1.2. A Participant agrees to have only one account, otherwise all accounts confirmed to be opened by this Participant will be blocked and all funds invested will be returned in accordance with the regulations (see 5. Deposit refund).
1.3. Access to LEANCY is given only to Participants of LEANCY and persons directly invited by Participants; LEANCY is not accessible for general public.
1.4. The funds invested earn daily income calculated based on the standard interest percentage and the Participant's personal coefficient. Total daily statistics is available for viewing at the LEANCY website.
2. Investment terms
2.1. The Participant invests funds via one of the payment systems offered (Perfect Money, EgoPay, OKPay, Bitcoin), credit card, wire transfer or any other payment method provided by Payeer and approved by LEANCY.
2.2. LEANCY does not charge any fees for accepting deposits.
2.3. The minimum amount of the fund invested equals 10 USD (0.025 BTC if using Bitcoin).
2.4. There is no upper limit to the amount of investment.
2.5. A Participant may make an unlimited number of deposits.
2.6. The total of all deposits made by the Participant comprises this Participant's investment portfolio.
2.7. The Participant invests funds by making a payment on the LEANCY webiste. Direct money transfers are not accepted.
2.8. An electronic payment or wire transfer performed incorrectly wil be refused.
3. Earnings
3.1. Invested funds start generating income immediately after the Participant's deposit is approved and accepted.
3.2. Earnings accrue continuously, 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays.
3.3. Daily income includes a part of the initial deposit.
3.4. Earnings are deposited to the Participant's account within the LEANCY system.
3.5. The LEANCY website's downtime due to technical reasons does not affect the process of earnings accrual.
3.6. Depending on the size of the Participant's investment portfolio, the Participant may be given a personal coefficient, which affects the daily deposit earnings.
3.7. Maximum deposit earnings percentage equals 150% including the initial deposit.
4. Withdrawal schedule
4.1. LEANCY does not charge fees for withdrawing the percentages accrued.
4.2. The minimum withdrawal amount equals 1 USD or 0.01 BTC.
4.3. The Participant may request to withdraw the earnings at any moment, including weekends and holidays.
4.4. Withdrawals are processed automatically within 24 hours from the moment the request is made.
5. Deposit refund
5.1. The Participant may request a refund of any previously made deposit on the following conditions:
— the deposit has been made at least 10 days ago
— the deposit has accrued no more than 75% of earnings (including the initial deposit amount)
5.2. The refund is processed within 7 business days from the moment the request is made.
5.3. LEANCY does not charge any fees for making refunds.
5.4. If the deposit being refunded has earned a partner award, the amount of the award wil be subtracted from the total.
6. Partnership terms
6.1. A Participant may enter the partnership program and receive partner's awards.
6.2. The Participant is not required to invest personal funds in order to enter the partnership program.
6.3. LEANCY calculates the partner's award as a percentage of all deposits made by all the Participants invited by the Participant, on the following conditions:
— level 1: 5% of each deposit
— level 2: 2% of each deposit
— level 3: 1% of each deposit
6.4. In case of a deposit refund, the partner's award will be subtracted from the participant's account.
6.5. LEANCY has the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel any and all partner's awards, block the Participant's account and initiate the deposit refund procedure (see 5. Deposit refund) if it suspects that the partner's award has been earned:
— in a fraudulent manner
— in a manner violating the terms of this Agreement
— in any other manner not specifically provided for by LEANCY 
7. Guarantees and indemnities
7.1. LEANCY operates in compliance with the law and makes every effort to ensure the quality of services aimed to work in the Participants' best interests.
7.2. LEANCY ensures the safety and security of its website and protects the personal data of its Participants in accordance with its Privacy Policy. LEANCY guarantees that no confidential information concerning Participants will be passed to a third party unless per official request issued by the court of England and Wales.
7.3. Third parties participating in LEANCY's operation, including but not limited to payment systems and banks, are not agents or representatives of LEANCY, but independent contractors.
7.4. LEANCY may, at its sole discretion, refuse to provide its services to a Participant if the Participant violates the terms of this Agreement or attempts to harm, in any way, LEANCY (libel, blackmail, website security exploits, spam, etc.). In this case LEANCY, at its discretion, may initiate the procedure of deposit refund (see 5. Deposit refund) or block the Participant and confiscate the funds invested in compensation of the damages.
7.5. LEANCY, at its discretion, has the right to allow or prohibit the use of its website and any of its services to a Participant, without the explanation of reasons.
7.6. LEANCY provides its services to Participants in compliance with the law of the England and Wales. The services rendered by LEANCY are a private business deal and are not subject to the US Securities Act of 1933, the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the US Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and any other laws, regulations and addenda. LEANCY is not licensed as a bank or a security company and is not insured by the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
7.7. LEANCY has zero-tolerance policy towards unsolicited e-mail. The account of a Participant engaging in spam activities will be blocked without investment refund.
8. Limitations of liability
8.1. Since the services rendered by LEANCY are electronic in their essence,LEANCY cannot be held liable for any technical issues, which cannot be resolved by LEANCY.
8.2. LEANCY can not be held liable for the violation of the terms of this Agreement, which occurs as a result of force majeure. Force majeure factors include but are not limited to military action, strikes and riots, natural disasters, government actions, interruptions in the service of the data center equipment and its network connection, security breaches of the Participant's computer, etc.
9. Risk notification
9.1. A Participant must be aware that investment operations entail a degree of risk.
9.2. LEANCY does not guarantee future income equal to the past earnings data. The results achieved in the past do not affect the future figures.
9.3. When investing funds within the LEANCY system, the Participant must clearly understand their personal objectives, take into consideration their past experience and psychological traits. In case of a doubt, the Participant should seek advice of an independent financial expert.
9.4. The Participant takes full responsibility for any risks and possible losses caused by force majeure factors.
10. Addenda and revisions
10.1. This Agreement may be added to or modified by LEANCY at its sole discretion, at any moment and without prior notice.
10.2. If a Participant continues using LEANCY's services after this Agreement is modified, the Participant therein agrees to all changes.
11. Jurisdiction
11.1. The terms of this Agreement will be regulated and interpreted in accordance with the law of the England and Wales without any conflict of legal norms.
11.2. Any and all disputes, in the case the sides fail to reach an agreement, are to be resolved in the courts of England and Wales in accordance with the law of the England and Wales.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:33:55
What is LEANCY?
With LEANCY, investing in startups and crowdfunding projects becomes easier and more rewarding than ever!
Our company specializes in IT industry investment management, including investing in startups as well as crowdfunding and fundraising projects.
LEANCY offers a unique opportunity to make money while helping innovative IT projects come alive!