@_author: kabuks
@_date: 2018-03-12 04:08:31
Just finished watching it. It was generally positive and way more detailed than I imagined it would be. 
Particularly the comparison of encryption with chicken mcnuggets was a new way to look at things!
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:49:18
Agreed. The whole point is that we need a technical development process that does not submit to external pressure, but only develops bitcoin based on technical merit. 
The problem is that "requested by large parts of the community" could easily in the future be replaced by "requested by multiple government agencies", or "requested by multiple governments". 
Technical consensus is deeply frustrating, and it might appear that "they're arrogant and aren't listening", but what's actually happening is that they are stubbornly insisting on a governance system that won't succumb to censorship attacks. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 06:28:29
Why are we guessing? Let's demand that they give us some answers. 
Sign the petition: 
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:29:35


It's an attack on the *governance* of bitcoin, not the technical implementation. Doubling the capacity is not the issue, doubling the capacity without consensus is. 
Bitcoin development so far has happened in the open. There is deep technical debate between dozens of developers, and only the best thought out changes are merged when there is consensus. The process is long, and painful, and ensures that no single entity or person controls the technical aspects of bitcoin.
btc1 is being developed by a handful of developers, the codebase obscured, and discussion is happening on a private slack channel. I don't think these developers are evil or have bad intention. I just think they're not paying attention to the governance implications of their actions. 
If segwit2x goes through, it's not just an update to the blocksize, it's a radically different way of deciding what the next technical update is going to be. One that a lot more centralized and opaque. 
To give an analogy, if our current president is proposing a 1% increase in capital gain tax, we can argue about the "technical" merit of that. But if he decides to abolish congress, and the senate in order to increase the cap gain tax by 1%, then it's a red herring to discuss the actual change to the tax code. The bigger deal is that he would be undermining the foundation of democracy itself. It's a governance attack, not a technical upgrade. 
Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency in the world that does not have a centralized leader, or group of leaders. It took incredible foresight, leadership, luck...etc. for satoshi to disappear, and for dozens of talented developers to step in and lead by consensus. No other coin can claim that feature or even come close to it. There is no example in human history of this much power and potential being controlled by no one. Changing that would be a travesty. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:20:42
Precisely. Bitcoin is not just a technological system, it's a social and political system as well. Much like a healthy democracy depends on an active and engaged citizenry, a healthy distributed ledger depends on an informed and active user community. 
Every time some one like you posts a comment on reddit, or an article on medium, or anywhere else you are participating in informing users, and protecting bitcoin against a social/political attack. 
To the uninformed user: "what's the big deal, it's a just a single number in the code base. Let's double it and move on"
To the informed user: "changing bitcoin without consensus changes the entire ball game. It's a compromise we can't go back from, and fundamentally destroys the biggest value proposition of bitcoin"
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:43:59




Good question. There are 471 contributors so far:
50% of recent commits (not a great measure) work for blockstream and chaincode. It's a valid point to ask who they work for, but it's important to look at the commit and merge history and ask yourself:
Has anything been merged into master that does not have consensus? How are decisions made? Is there transparency?
These developers work out in the open. Every line of code and every discussion is public. Hundreds of other developers read their code and comment on it, dozens more challenge it. 
For every major technical decision dozens of people weigh in on the concept and the implementation, and *not a single line of code gets merged without consensus for a wide and diverse technical community*
It's a very very different way of writing software than how btc1 (segwit2x) is being developed. 
For example, compare the last few weeks of activity here on bitcoin:
To here on btc1 (segwit2x):
And ask yourself, which of these development methodologies is more resistant to future government censorship.
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:53:46


I hope so! 
Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency in the world that does not have a centralized leader, or group of leaders. It took incredible foresight, leadership, luck...etc. for satoshi to disappear, and for dozens of talented developers to step in and lead by consensus. No other coin can claim that feature or even come close to it. There is no example in human history of this much power and potential being controlled by no one. Changing that would be a travesty. And replicating it, would be very very difficult if not impossible.
@_date: 2017-10-03 06:27:41
Yeah. Demand that they give you some answers by signing this petition: 