@_author: kaepora
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:37:23
I think this was the case a long time ago, but isn't really today. If you look at the [codebase]( or at the [documentation]( you'll find that things are pretty modular, and that the documentation handles specific separate parts of the implementation, for example the specification for the group chat protocol, and the threat model. Of course, improvements are always possible and welcome.
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:34:17
I'm the project leader behind Cryptocat, and I wanted to answer questions regarding the software. I've replied to separate comment on this thread [here]( Thanks! :-)
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:15:56
You reviewed our entire codebase and were unable to find any class without a connection to the user interface? That's silly.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:24:20
Hey guys, I'm the guy behind Cryptocat. This isn't the first time I see Cryptocat being bashed on Reddit! Unfortunately due to this vulnerability (which happened and was fixed this summer) confidence in Cryptocat has become lower, and this is completely understandable. I'm going to paste a comment I made on another Reddit thread last month, in which I hope to address this kind of topic.
I'd love to answer any questions you have regarding my software. I believe Cryptocat has had a few bugs in the past few years, but not less than any popular, highly scrutinized encryption and privacy project that speaks openly about its bugs and engages the community to its fullest, including the skeptics. I believe that while Cryptocat is by no means a replacement for PGP, it's definitely useful to folks who want better privacy than Facebook or Skype, and can't afford to set up complicated software quickly. The point is to make privacy accessible for mom and pop users who simply don't have the time or experience to use PGP at the given moment.
So ask away. Here are a few links for some background:
* [A recent blog post]( about a presentation I gave at a cryptography conference in Switzerland, transparently documenting almost every major vulnerability in Cryptocat, how they happened, and what we should do to avoid future vulnerabilities.
* [A blog post]( in which I defend cryptographic implementations in JavaScript.
* [Cryptocat: Adopting Accessibility and Ease of Use as Security Properties]( a whitepaper draft for Cryptocat.
* [A talk]( in which I discuss how making encryption *accessible* is necessary, and that accessibility and ease-of-use failures are just as bad as security and encryption failures.
Ultimately, even though we've had some bugs, I believe having bugs is common to all open source software, but that sometimes if your project is popular, and if you disclose your bugs instead of shoving them under the carpet (yes, other projects do this a lot, and yes, it drives me nuts) you get more negative attention than other projects. I've personally made mistakes in Cryptocat's implementation, but I am still proud to say that I manage one of the most transparent, and most especially, *honest*, open source encryption and privacy projects. Even though we've made mistakes, Cryptocat as a project still operates openly, transparently, produce free software, listens to critique from all kinds of experts, and continue to be honest about our shortcomings. And I strongly believe that this legitimizes Cryptocat as an excellent software project that can offer accessible encryption to the masses who just want better privacy for their chats that is easy to access and use. *Exhales*.
I am ready for all of your questions. Ask away! :-)
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:41:29


I've been trying my best! Try watching presentations or talks I've given. I mention this multiple times. Although I understand it's hard to give reliable warnings to users.


Thanks, I guess. I think the media really ran away with Cryptocat, and I did everything I could to keep the project accurately represented.


Cryptocat is exactly like any other project. It's written, the source code is released, people audit it, find bugs, we fix them, learn from them, push updates and continue improving the software. If you're a high-profile project then you get more critical coverage when there's a bug. But in general we're not that different. The problem here, as you point out, is that the media toted it as the world's greatest most revolutionary chat system, something which I've said publicly on the Cryptocat blog was bunk from day one.


This is where I disagree with you. Please keep in mind that what might take you, a Bitcoin and Reddit user, minutes to set up might take hours for someone who's not generally interested in computers.