@_author: kaeroku
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:02:47
If you give a fuck about potential catastrophic loss, then bitcoin should not be used as an investment vehicle, plain and simple.
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:18:21
Primary practical use case has been seen in several countries already with crashing currencies. Venzuela. Greece, a couple years ago. 
I think you're missing the point, but that's okay. I don't think bitcoin's value has become obvious to the majority yet, and it won't for quite awhile yet. Might be worth looking at what the super-rich are saying about it though, and their positions as they've been publicized. There's a reason these guys stay rich.
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:53:21
Thank you again.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:28:47
I'd suggest the mods sticky this post instead of having daily reposts.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:58:39
If you're right, and 2018 collapses to early 2017 prices, I guarantee you more people will start buying than there are right now.
@_date: 2017-12-05 11:28:30
Somewhat ironically, people who do win the lottery have a significantly higher rate of death by suicide, due to the life-changing complications suddenly being rich without being prepared for it can bring. Social pressure. Financial responsibility requirements (that is: it's often squandered causing a great deal of depression similar to OP's brother when they realize they gave up their chance to live a good, easy life,) etc.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:38:29
So the question is, have we been good and its going to double again for xmas? Or do we get coal and return to 2016 valuations?
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:24:45
Not really, the story is mostly there. Her family were private practice neurosurgeons in a large city. I mean if you have questions I might answer. No promises.
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:34:05
My first thought as well.
If nothing else, it's safe to infer two things: Global GDP *does* grow over time, and the *rate* at which it grows increases over time.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:58:55
Thank you for this. Just one follow up question, and I'll quote the section of your writing that spawned the question first:


Can't you buy bitcoin in currencies that aren't dollars? Am I mistaken in thinking that bitcoin fits all of this?
However, given that:


I guess it's a good thing they're not treating it that way.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:54:07
I read your post, and I see where you're going with it, but I disagree with the point I infer you are trying to make: which is that I'm wrong about GDP growth increasing over time.
The difficulty with thinking like this is that 'GDP growth' isn't something that is isolated to the last decade, century, or even millennium. Of *course* there are going to be dips where growth slows. This sub is familiar with that concept. ;)
But, if we look at an agricultural medieval feudal society with crop production often failing to meet the needs of their own people, and artisan exports being a very small percentage of their GDP, and compare that with a post-industrial society with manufacturing enabling a much faster rate of production... you'll see a clear difference. 
We are currently in the middle of an era. Not the beginning or the end where you're likely to see the most drastic changes compared to recent times. The only way your explanation holds over the course of the timeline of human evolution is if you make the assumption that human advancement has reached capacity. Otherwise, it's reasonable to expect similar *massive* increases in GDP growth down the line. Even without that, comparing modern society to society immediately following the industrial revolution, it's easy to see that for *the majority* of that time, GDP gains have been consistently increasing.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:27:01
Out of curiousity, why is bitcoin property rather than currency from the standpoint of the law?
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:41:07
No idea. No contact for about 15 years.
However, a person who had been a good friend of mine decided to start dating her immediately after we broke up. I'm talking, 2-3 days later. I tried to warn him about the issues, and he told me to fuck off, that my problems were my problems. Fair enough. I let him be... couple days later I'm getting texts from both of them, showing them together and calling me an idiot for what I "lost out on." Being pretty big dicks. Told them to enjoy themselves, meant nothing to me... guy friend started trying to belittle me for not being 'man enough to handle her,' and things in that vein. I told him he was jeopardizing our friendship with his senseless babble, he didn't stop. So I cut him off.
One week later, he's calling me, texting me, trying to apologize for a what a dick he was, saying what a horrible human being she is, that he was wrong and he didn't know. Etc. My response was whatever the 2002 version of "new phone, who dis?" was. 
Trust me, you don't want to go diving in those dangerous waters. What I endured for months sent a lesser man running away in a week.
@_date: 2017-12-05 11:21:30
I walked away from around $50 million when I was 16. I dated a girl for awhile who was one of two heirs to a fortune exceeding $100M. Her family offered to buy us a house, and provide for everything including "small" amounts of spending cash (5 figures a month) until I could "get on my feet," if we ended up deciding to marry. Interestingly enough, they were all fantastic people; I loved her family. The downside is I'd have had to marry *her,* and she unfortunately did not flourish under the lavish spoiling her family subjected her to. Marriage was on the table for a few months, until I decided that I'd be making a huge mistake tying myself to her for life.
There's very little that helps when you lose a loved one. I've been through that too... it sounds like your brother tied his self-worth to his net-worth, and that's a very dangerous thing to do. There's a lot of highs and lows in life, and as you said - it's not worth letting one mistake be worse than it needs to be. I wish he'd found peace in the end.
For me, walking away from that kind of money early on was a big deal. I don't think I fully appreciated either a) what kind of life that kind of money could have enabled for me or b) what kind of commitment I'd have been really taking on to access it, but I've never regretted the decision. However, it's something which has shaped me: I know that there are things that are more important than money. I know what I'm *not* willing to do to be rich. I've managed to do pretty well for myself on my own, and feel like I've earned my success... which has always been important to me. And, importantly, I've had experiences along the way that I'll cherish.
The end goal for most of us probably shouldn't be to 'get rich,' but rather to live a satisfying life. I hope most of us find our way there.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:57:28
Thanks this is great info.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:57:21
Thank you.
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:33:04
I would love to see a market for Bitcoin futures.
@_date: 2018-05-06 02:19:15
The whales have incentive to decry bitcoin. It can put them on the street if it sees enough adoption when they're choosing the bet against it.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:24:41
Thank you, I will look at this.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:24:50
What exactly do I need to know?
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:29:32
Why is that?
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:57:11
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:39:39
I appreciate the info, and the concept of outbidding competition, but I've decided to go another way. Also wasn't really looking for direct solicitation, just method.
Thanks for your interest, though.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:11:46
And Bitcoin achieves this by having a "primary" ledger - that which has the most combined computing power behind it - which others can be checked against.
The biggest "risk" to Bitcoin is someone amassing computing power exceeding the distributed power of all contributors to Bitcoin and forging a false ledger.
This is extremely simplified and my knowledge on the subject is far from masterful, so feel free to correct me if I failed to make the correct analogous points.
@_date: 2016-03-26 14:26:26
Requesting upvotes in title? How is this post even still up?
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:33:31
Correct, although with other digital currencies emerging I wonder if we will reach a point where one is capable of "taking over" the entirety of another, and how difficult it would be to orchestrate such a feat.
@_date: 2019-11-14 04:24:15
To be fair, that is currently reality for many homeless persons.
@_date: 2018-10-06 21:12:34
The reason your link didn't work is because you have a space between the T in Elephant and the close bracket.
@_date: 2018-10-13 08:07:45
Whatever you're on, I'd consider quitting.
@_date: 2017-01-24 21:21:51
Good customer service and ethical business practices != "generosity."
Otherwise, good stuff.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:35:39


*Looks at the entire sub ~~today~~ -- Laughs*
@_date: 2016-11-15 04:06:06
How does $10 each buy a Thanksgiving dinner for a family?
Bitcoin ~$700. 7 BC. 500 Families. 7*700=$4900 / 500 = a bit under $10.
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:22:51
Well at least someone gets the joke. :)
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:52:39
But guys, don't forget. Bitcoin is gonna crash. /s
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:46:23
Mmm. I could reply more to this, but I suppose I'll suffice it to say that I perhaps could have been more clear.


Does that help?
And yes, when the Fed prints money inflation happens, and *runaway* inflation is a bad thing. Inflation, *at all*, isn't a bad thing. Inflation has positive and negative impacts, and so does deflation, and it's not a zero sum game, nor is it *easy* to solve (and bitcoin doesn't solve this, either, at least not in terms of a global economy.) 
Fortunately it doesn't need to be solved perfectly. It just needs to work, which is why so much effort is put into keeping economies stable (and why we see such catastrophic effects when economies fail.)
I won't trade insults with you, but I'd ask that you refrain from jumping on (anyone) because you have an ideological disagreement.
@_date: 2019-10-29 05:36:56
Bitcoin, as many other eCoins, provides a benefit in being a direct a-b transaction (with minimal fees to those who support the system.)
For exchanging money on a personal level, or paying for PoS things, it's fantastic in the short term. 
What Bitcoin doesn't do is provide any system of credit (or debt.) Thus, you're comparing (no pun intended) apples to oranges.
There are several things wrong with that image. First, fiat is not always, consistently inflationary. There are times we've seen deflation, and there are times we've seen major deflation. There's also no timescale, which is interesting because the interaction of money over time is where you see results. Obviously none of that is happening instantaneously, nor at a flat rate, which matters because the rate at the time of the exchange is changing. There's also the issue of the fact that not all trees will produce the same amount of apples, and that catastrophe hitting a single person will lead to them to need to incur debt, which is where something like bitcoin can't help at all but gov't (or community) involvement can.
But the fact that those numbers are just pulled out of someone's ass to simplify the concept of inflation isn't even close to the more egregious problem with it.
The most egregious issue is that it's comparing an "exchange" with a system of credit &amp; exchange. The only part of which is relevant is whether or not the value held in either exchange changes value at a rate which is more beneficial to the [edit: saver] ~~borrower~~ (generally: more stable) than the other system. And for (current, and historic) bitcoin, the loss and gain of value hasn't been stable, at all. 
You're implying that the government is taking people's money (whether through inflation or other mechanisms) and that bitcoin is a better store of value. (I assume, PLEASE correct me if I'm wrong because if so, your post is utter nonsense and I shouldn't be wasting time here.) Oh, and taxes still happen, whether the value earned is in bitcoin or dollars or whatever-other-currency. I assume it's obvious that the more widespread bitcoin becomes, the more likely it is that nations with large portions of populations trading in it will tax it. There are tax haven countries, sure. But if you're not living and earning there exclusively, transfers (whether in bitcoin or dollars, again) to there will still be taxed, or subject to relevant tax evasion laws.
So, I'll give two examples.
1a) (Premise) A person is holding money (in modern, first world fiat) and using it only to exchange money with other persons, and holds no personal debt. This person wants to not risk the majority of their money to catastrophic loss. (Conclusion) For this, the person wants stability. Even if their 100$ turns into 97$ *of value* in a year, this is fairly consistent, predictable and useful.
1b) (Premise) A person is holding money (in bitcoin or similar systems) and using it only to exchange money with other persons, and holds no personal debt. This person wants to not risk the majority of their money to catostrophic loss. (Conclusion) For this, bitcoin is horrible. The future value is entirely prospective, and has been for any meaningful measurement over the course of the history of the currency. Big potential swings up don't diminish the risk of loss for someone who's trying to save. Bitcoin is akin to gambling, and could (and we have seen it do this, with people selling houses to buy bitcoin and losing it all) destroy their families, their futures, and all that they've put in it. They could also win the lotto. But for someone looking for stable trade *on a large scale,* bitcoin is not currently a meaningful answer.
2.1a) For the following, let us assume that what a person is trying to purchase are apples because they didn't harvest enough, either due to famine, disease, personal illness preventing them from being able to plant/harvest their own trees, or economic factors that prevented them from ever being able to plant a tree in the first place.
2.1b) Let us also assume that all fiat currency follows a purely inflationary trend, and that the inflation rate follows stable economic assumptions, such as (roughly) 3% in the U.S.
2a) (Premise) A person is in need of more money than they have accessible, to buy apples. They want to buy apples but they do not have any currency held, or any currency they have held is already allocated to other obligations. (Conclusion) They take a loan from a bank in a fiat system. This loan has interest, which will be a variable rate. The money loaned out also suffers from inflation, meaning that over the course of the loan, the money they pay back will be (slightly) less expensive. This will have little impact on the borrower's ability to take the loan, but may somewhat mitigate the interest charged. The person is able to buy (some amount of apples) if they can figure out how to afford the loan. (Slight note: The solution in 2b is also applicable here, just with a different system which is, at least currently, a better store of value in modern, stable economies. Also note that the deflation of the currency loaned in such a situation will be considerably slower than the immediate surcharge for bitcoin exchanges, at current rates.)
2b) (Premise) A person is in need of more money than they have accessible, to buy apples. They want to buy apples but they do not have any currency held, or any currency they have held is already allocated to other obligations. (Conclusion) They can't really do this with bitcoin. They can request a loan from someone they know, and hope that their immediate family or friend group or community is willing to help them get apples. In the most positive possible interpretation of your graph, this would involve Eddy, Al and Iris collaborating to give Christy say, 3 apples each, effectively taxing themselves 3 to give Christy 9. Note that the total difference in equality is no different than it would be in your implicit gov't system in the image, it just functions differently. Where in actuality, Eddy, Al and Iris are actually paying 3.01 to give Christy 9 and John, the local miner/node operator, 0.03. 
This system notably also *absolutely* fails to provide access credit on a larger scale, which would lead to other forms of social collapse if it were universal. That's another very important point, which is that economic growth driven by wage growth *also* improves the situation for those who, for whatever reason, aren't able to earn enough to *have* money to store in a system like bitcoin, or a bank.
The point is that, for the purpose of credit, banks exist and that's the primary situation in which people leave themselves susceptible to gov't mishandling of currency, but this is not something that bitcoin has any interaction with and cannot solve.
If they're looking for a store of value, bitcoin can only (possibly!) be that when it matures, and we're still very early in a growth phase. Also, there's no guarantee that it will work out that way, especially with as much prospecting as is going on with bitcoin.
**TL;DR:** The goal shouldn't be to kill the banks. The goal should be either "to the moon" as an investment gamble, or to eventually stabilize to be a better store of value than inflationary fiat, so that we don't see as much wealth loss and more individual money control. Bonus question: What do you think happens if the majority all inflation is mitigated, on a grand(world) scale?
*Some editing has been done for typos or clarity.
@_date: 2019-10-30 03:43:54
You...? Alright. Well good luck to you.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:47:37
I'm genuinely curious here:
Can you explain to me how you think a system of debt &amp; credit would look like with no inflation in the world? Alternatively, what a society would look like without *personal* or *national* debt in the modern world. (I'm not intending to suggest that you said this might/would happen, but I think it's an important extension of the topic at hand.)
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:28:06
You may be looking at a different part of the thread? Where we are now, I have been fully engaged.
Generally I don't engage in one of two situations: a) people devolve into rabid dogs and decide that fighting is better than conversation, or b) if the standard of criteria is not met, that is: there's no sufficient premise or argument for me to respond to.
There's a third, if threads get big enough, which usually is when I'm over-capacity of my ability to engage sufficiently intelligently because so many conversations are happening simultaneously.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:19:57
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:05:21
So I'm only going to address one of your points here, because honestly, I just can't sift through all of this nonsense.
But the one I address should be a pretty good example of the (types of) issues with the rest:


Do you not understand that these are subsidized, by a corporate entity *giving out a loan* to the user to be able to afford that $1000 phone for $1-400 and earn back way more over the course of their contract because they don't even drop the price once the phone's paid off?  Not to mention that quite a few of these kids are in debt up to their eyeballs already between college loans, credit cards, and irresponsible spending... but I digress.
The funny thing here is the hypocrisy: you're basically justifying bitcoin's dominant status as capable of replacing banks, whilst citing the exact practices that banks engage in which are *why* everyone seems to be on this "kill the banks" tirade, as the way for bitcoin to replace banks... except that in your fantasy here, there's no bank to issue and guarantee the loans in the first place so it just doesn't work.
1) With an exclusive bitcoin system, that phone can't be purchased at the going rates because the companies can't loan the money to the people in advance of the profits they expect to earn (consumer subsidies,) because there's nothing guaranteeing that debt.
2) Because the phones can no longer be offered subsidized, the 20-somethings with $1000 phones which aren't being provided by wealthy benefactors no longer can afford these phones.
3) In this event, one of two things happen: even larger telecom monopolies form to gain more benefit to their margins from economy of scale, so they can provide cheaper phones (short term benefit to consumer, MAJOR long term loss to consumer) or they simply stop offering these kinds of deals and now they don't have their phones. Or a house. Or a car. Because they have to save up for the entire thing before buying it.
You can't compare a money system that deals in debt to one that doesn't. You also can't eliminate debt from modern economy. Some people are able to and choose to live without debt, but huge segments of society would suffer catastrophic failure, and we have nothing in place to address that and nothing even in the range of reasonably plausible has even been suggested, because nobody talks about this at all.
The majority of this thread you seem to have been missing the point. I'd encourage you to re-read your interlocutor's comments and attempt to understand them, rather than seeking to drive your points home, because by integrating the alternate viewpoint you will either a) strengthen your own view by understanding how it holds up against someone else, which makes you wiser or b) you will understand the weaknesses of your ideas and thus be able to improve them in the future. Both cases are a win for you.
@_date: 2019-10-29 10:06:02
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:33:33
Apologies if I misunderstood.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:58:41
Actually, your first paragraph is something I've been talking about for a long time among the people who I can actually talk to about this stuff.
Severe economic collapse followed by: essentially whatever can effectively replace it. Usually things like that are a power vacuum and it's whoever can get the lights back on and things appearing to run smoothly. Can bitcoin position itself to be that thing? I think it'll take maturity.
I like the idea of bitcoin becoming one of the elements that is held as a reserve. That could be pretty beneficial for bitcoin, as well as beneficial to the countries who are using it, depending on how things work. I doubt it'll happen until bitcoin has established stability to a reasonable degree.
Incidentally if you'd like to see the text of my original post above, it's in the source, I just didn't want the mess to be on regular display. It didn't accurately convey my thoughts and it certainly wasn't clear or concise.
@_date: 2019-10-30 23:20:16




I don't think we can continue to have this conversation, I'm sorry. I feel like we're at very different places in what we're trying to accomplish here and you don't seem to understand what you're even talking about.
But seriously, good luck to you.
@_date: 2016-11-15 05:40:31
I mean... for a meal for 3 people, perhaps. I suppose not everyone has a feast for Thanksgiving.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:29:02
I'm not sure what I'd be arguing here. The first line is baseless slander, and the second I fully engaged by demonstrating that I'm being misquoted.
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:11:52
Debt and credit are so foundational to the function of modern society that imagining a system without them is nearly impossible if you account for *how we get there.* I'll say it simply: debt and credit are *necessary* for many of the positive functions of modern society to exist.
I may or may not be exaggerating when I say "dark ages" level of revolution involved.
I'll elaborate:
You may not need a car to work. But millions of US Americans do. It is particularly rare for any of them to be able to afford a car before they enter the workforce. So they'll get a ride from the friend who had one gifted to them, or they'll bike to work for awhile and earn enough... for a down payment. And the *loan* they get will enable them to then broaden their range, and thus gain more momentum in the workforce, and thus increase their personal wages and thus meaningfully contribute to their economy, as well as improving themselves. How would this happen in a society without debt and credit?
Or, let's say you have an idea. A world-changing idea, let's say, a billion-dollar idea. But you need a lot of capital to do the research and prototyping necessary to get it off the ground. So you save up for 10 years (let's say) to gather the money required and develop your idea. Except, you're too late. Because someone else had a similar idea in another society not practicing zero-debt/credit. And they found an investor, and were able to market and develop their idea and have been profiting massively for 7 years, and nobody wants a knockoff when the product is already peaking its growth cycle.
And these things don't just disappear, even if bitcoin somehow replaced the entire fiscal system. People still need loans, and bitcoin simply isn't equipped to provide them.
Sentences like "Debt and credit has no problem in a zero inflation society.  It's actually much easier to mentally think about credit when you don't have to worry about adjusting for inflation." are nonsensical. Yes, it's much easier to think about it because it simply *doesn't exist.* Interest and inflation are intrinsically related. There's no incentive to lend (for investors) without interest. The risk of taking on someone else's debt is significant, which is why most people don't just give money away and make money the way banks, and some wealthy private investors, do. And people who aren't wealthy can't invest on the scale that is required to fund the majority of ventures which are "seeded" with debt. When people are able to borrow a great deal of money in an economy, this essentially creates inflation, and the reverse is also true (this is *incredibly* oversimplified, but should work for this conversation.) 
More purchasing power = more spending on goods = more demand for goods = rising price of goods = less purchasing power with the same amount of currency. 
Printing money isn't the only form of inflation -- borrowing increases the money supply, which increases inflation. Thus, there is no fiscal system which has a system of debt and credit which is immune to inflation. That fundamental understanding is really, really critical for a whole lot of people here. 
Before the argument is made that someone investing with bitcoin isn't the same as investing with fiat because the actual purchasing power isn't changed, it's just transferred: that's not true. If that bitcoin is otherwise sitting idle, it's effectively not in the money supply. The entire hope and dream of bitcoin become a stable, secure store of wealth depends on stable, consistent trade. If an actor with huge holdings capable of investing on the scale of - let's say - the World Bank starts giving out loans and charging interest, with money that would otherwise be sitting there as a store of value for this same actor, then they're effectively increasing the money supply. The counter-argument to this is that eventually nobody will hold that much bitcoin, as it'll be distributed and overwhelmingly exceed other stores of value in the world as a stable currency.
But, wait. Satoshi is holding 1 million bitcoins from the beginning, and RIGHT NOW millions of independent actors are prospecting on bitcoin. Investment firms and banks have bought up enormous lots of bitcoin, for the purpose of appeasing investors and hedging their own investments. But if bitcoin becomes a global or national exclusive economy, then it's pretty disingenuous to think that those holdings won't be used for exactly this purpose. And when you have value moving in large numbers and big, unpredictable swings like that, you get the very same effect as you would in any other economy. Even if Satoshi never moves a single bitcoin, the very fact that 1/40th of the market capitalization is being held in private hands that COULD move at any time is a force of destabilization and risk (because from nowhere the money supply increases by 1/40th. Not *absolutely,* but effectively) to a system looking to avoid the effects of inflation entirely.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:26:57
There's a few responses I could make here, but my policy is that conversations end when someone starts going ad-hominem. It's no longer productive to speak with you, thus I have no further interest in doing so.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:24:18
I don't have the upvotes I have because I'm a fiat apologist. I have the upvotes I have because there are actually sane people on this sub who still like bitcoin for what it is.
Not the cultists.
And I never said fluid monetary policy isn't often/potentially disastrous. The link I provided clearly indicates that it is VERY hard, if not impossible, for capitalist systems (traditionally fiat) to be well managed.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:00:25
Sure. What do you think bitcoin can do about this? 
It won't replace a national economy, because there's no method by which credit can be issued and guaranteed through bitcoin. 
It cannot in any way be a driving force which mitigates wage slavery, because it only stores the value (assuming it eventually does this) of what wage earners earn, it doesn't influence or write policy about how wealth is distributed.
I agree with the problems you're citing, but I don't understand what you think they have to do with bitcoin, and thus, the context of the conversation.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:27:14
Can you briefly explain what your point is and how it interacts with mine?
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:32:20
You tried. Reaction got a little heated at the end there which I don't like to see when the rest of the content is mostly valid and worth discussing, but hey, it's reddit I guess.
@_date: 2019-10-29 05:03:22
Do you not understand what's wrong about that?
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:07:19
Debt may not be good, but it is necessary to the function of a sufficient population capacity as a society.
If the only exchange of money in a large society is what value one person holds to what value another person holds, then there is no way for the socio-democratic systems which support the most successful economies in the world to interact with and create the social systems they have, nor is it possible for them to deal with catastrophe.
How can bitcoin (in an ideal, decentralized and unregulated form which **replaces global currency**(which is what this post is suggesting, via 'kill the banks')) enable aid and relief to go to survivors of a Hurricane, a drought, a famine?
Your thinking about debt is on an individual scale, and in normal circumstances of living with a well maintained economy, most people will not need to incur debt. But there are considerable benefits of debt in modern society. Most people do not have the wealth early in life to afford a vehicle, a home, etc. The cost of living has gone up dramatically, along with quality of life, which is why credit and debt are so core to the function of society.
I've said this elsewhere in this thread. Bitcoin is fine as a monetary exchange and has potential as a store of value, but it is not sufficient to operate as an exclusive global currency - hence, it must work alongside banks, not in lieu of them.
@_date: 2019-10-29 05:04:24
You do realize my link was literally not propping up laissez faire capitalism in *any* way, right?
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:37:56
Well, let's start by asking what you think our economic problems are?
The OP seems to suggest that modern banks printing money which results in inflation (ignoring controls in place to keep that inflation minimal and the economy stable). OP concludes that we should replace banks with bitcoin to fix this problem(s.) The OP doesn't really go into why they think that's a problem, so I've inferred that they feel it makes modern money/currency high risk and thus bitcoin is a better store of value.
Given that, most of my views on the subject are summarized [here]( 
I do not understand how your video interacts with any of that whatsoever. If you believe it does and I've missed something, please explain.
As an aside, if you're trying to bring up another point that wasn't mentioned above, I'd have to say that my prior comments probably ought not apply as you'd then be changing the subject.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:02:36
I legitimately thought ~~you were~~ edit: he was joking.
Venuzuela is a very good example of runaway inflation and economic failure. However, the word "Venezuela" by no means contributes to the discussion.
Hence the reason I thought ~~you were~~ he was joking. I think a lot of people may look at the Venezuelan incident and *actually believe* that bitcoin can solve all of the issues that lead into that. But there is no basis for such a belief.
Edit: And I thought ~~you were~~ he was making fun of those people by mocking them with the ALL CAPS exclamation with no context, giving ~~you~~ him credit for being sensible and understanding the irony. Hence the laughter.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:28:56
Inflation and deflation will happen to a degree in any system. Bitcoin is primarily a deflationary system, primarily because of the limited supply. 
Inflation is caused by increases to a money supply, but the concept that an increasing money supply is the root of all evil (which is a common trend and thus seems to be a common misconception) is incorrect. Hence my contribution to this post. US banks have been printing money out of nothing and still remaining (relatively) *stable* for a lot longer than most fiat systems, and that's largely due to the forces described in my link.
@_date: 2018-06-28 21:11:14


Thing is, they are. "Large" is relative; a bigger corp can risk millions where a mom and pop shop might "only" risk 50-200 grand. Even then, that's often their life savings, or a substantial portion thereof. Mom and pop shops have *higher* risk of failure, invest a greater percentage of their total net worth, and have lower rates of returns.
The incentive for these is often independence, from being responsible to no authority other than the government requirements they face to stay in business, from the decisions of an employer who can decide their livelihood, from anyone looking to exploit their skill. The huge profits are the biggest potential upside, but there *are* other upsides; those other upsides are what make mom and pop shops relevant to the discussion, to answer your question. 
P.S. I'm not the person who initially brought this up. Just had insight to offer.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:55:04
It's great that you ~~read~~ skimmed as far as the point where Krugman's name comes up. It's ironic the amount of angst you express, considering that the context in which it was mentioned by that person's post was expressing a very similar opinion to the one you mention here. It's funny that you didn't notice... oh wait, right. Trolling.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:38:25
Laughable outside of the sub because so many here buy into it, and claim armchair economic expertise and then come down in droves with a cult-like mentality to prop up shit like this as *real, intentional* ultimate outcomes/goals of bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-30 23:17:54


@_date: 2019-10-29 12:51:00
But you might need a box.
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:26:50
Inflation and deflation are forces that influence actors in economics. The absolute effects of inflation and deflation are zero-sum. But the results of actions influenced by inflation and deflation in a society are not.
I'm tired and can't think of a great example right now, but your contributions here have been reasonably astute. I don't claim to be an expert, but maybe I can think more on this tomorrow and follow up.
@_date: 2019-10-29 11:38:40
Not mad? Just casually insulting?
You sound like you're about 13 and enjoying the fact that if you spoke to anyone in real life like that, you'd be punched in the face.
It's all good. You're not why I'm here.
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:10:24


Did you read OP? You can't kill the banks without replacing the entire monetary system. Do you imagine that OP isn't suggesting Bitcoin will fill this role?
As to the rest, I mostly agree and don't see any reason to debate the details.
@_date: 2019-10-29 21:35:42
Eh. There's no call for ad hominem attacks. It's hard to avoid returning fire when it's coming at you, so I get it too, but it still devalues the overall discussion.
I mean, look what I've been dealing with in this thread, heh.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:28:54
**Edit:** I've created a rather messy rabbit hole. My main thought-line is that there are huge problems with eliminating debt structures which are currently so intertwined with banking and with modern socio-economics that catastrophe would result from their elimination. I think there might be ways for bitcoin to transform into a full economic system that could serve the needs of a national or global society, but not in its current infancy and not really in any form that has been discussed about its expected or foreseeable growth.
As a monetary exchange, it's fine. As a store of value, it could possibly evolve into something workable.
[](/Let's say your conclusions are true. I'm not holding you to them, simply continuing the hypothetical. I find them plausible, and we can't know for sure.)
[](/By which process do these things happen?)
[](/From here to there, we have to eliminate debt entirely. Do we cancel it? If so, well, some pretty major holes must be filled. Do we require repayment? For what seem to me obvious reasons, this is unlikely to be possible, or even plausible.)
[](/But let's say we manage it.)
[](/If investment is financed through savings, then *only* those wealthy enough to have savings can do so. Likely, the process of eliminating debt has created some inequality in actual wealth, as well as in earning potential. Will these lenders be willing to invest in people in an egalitarian manner? Suppose they're legally forced to. Society, as we know, values some skills over others and people have different aptitudes. Also, governments sort of institutionalize compassion in the form of welfare for the disabled and others in need. That's a separate discussion, but for now let's say that the government is able to continue taxing wealth and from whatever actual funds they have available, are able to fund some amount of these programs so that those without opportunity, etc... are cared for, and people can somehow earn living wages.)
[](/So we've solved the issue of social programs, and we've solved the issue of eliminating debt with what I admit are purely unsupportable hand waves.)
[](/Now we have a society where all things must be paid for up front. Cars and houses immediately come to mind. In a purely benevolent society where wages are equalized, maybe parents or relatives could help with this. But this isn't realistic.)
[](/So a huge percentage of the population doesn't have access to the funds, and only privately held funds or gov't taxation can invest in their future potential. Because let's face it, modern society if you don't have a computer, an internet connection, a phone, a vehicle -in some countries- and a place to live, you are far, far behind anyone else.)
[](/So we see higher taxation to create essentially a gov't loan system from a cash basis they hold for the purpose of public welfare... or we see people entering society disadvantaged and without the basic tools to build themselves up.)
 
[](/Maybe I'm leaping here, but I don't think so. I think that while society MIGHT be able function without debt, we're not in a position where moving to a debtless society by any realistic means will create massive equality issues which dwarf those we see today.)
[](/Would you agree with that? (And if not, why not? Again, very curious here.)
[](/Main reason I'm asking is in the context of OP. If we kill the banks, and completely eradicate inflation due to no money creation using virtual currency, and fully privatize or eliminate debt and credit systems... where does that leave us?)
[](/I'll grant you it might work in the end, and it looks good on paper. I think getting there would be absolutely catastrophic, and QoL at the end likely less than it is now. And yeah, no debt absolutely solves a lot of problems. I just always try to think of both sides: what problems does it create?)
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:20:19


I agree, but this post is suggesting otherwise. Hence my reply.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:41:10
I came here to explain this, but quoting from his link and your subsequent efforts at discussion saves me the time. Looks like it wasn't worth it.
Anytime someone devolves into insults the conversation is over. Brains thinking about attacking another party aren't actually having a good faith discussion. It's way too common here for most meaningful discussions to actually take place.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:23:34
Hahaha. Have an upvote. :)
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:07:08
Smh... some of you on this sub.
Neither is bitcoin the answer to modern large-scale economic problems, nor is printing money the cause of modern large-scale economic problems (though it can be a contributor, it's not currently more than a blip.)
[I'll leave this here if anyone wants meaningful explanations and not over-simplified (and wrong) comparisons to childhood board-games.](
Edit: To everyone who's comment is distillable to 


Awesome. Keep doing great at life. Please invest all your money in bitcoin and use it for everything. I look forward to reading your collective Fortune profile in 20 years. But please, continue to shower me with your affection if you feel the need.
For the rest: thank you for your sanity. Bitcoin is awesome for what it is.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:22:31


Don't be mad bro. I brought a very simple response to a very commonly misunderstood problem. Usually when mad your brain cells aren't being properly applied to the issue at hand. *Sometimes* this leads people to make fools of themselves. I prefer not to.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:12:56
The issue is that while it is theoretically possible to remove inflation in a monetary exchange system: (as we saw in early bitcoin, before fees were attached which I must note, the loss of money over time when transferring money w/ exchange fees is currently greater than the loss you'd experience over the same time-frame w/ inflation in modern, stable economies.)
It is not also possible to transform that into a full national economy. The systems of debt and credit are necessary to the function of society in very complex ways, and you cannot have a debt/credit system without interest, and interest and inflation are essentially inextricably intertwined.
Thus: you can remove inflation from some stores of value. Gold is a great example - not a perfect one, but very consistent over literally millennia. Realistically, all large scale monetary systems that support an economy will experience some amount of inflation and deflation, and this is unavoidable unless we as a society experience *significant* cultural, social, and technological changes that go *way* beyond having bitcoin become competetive with modern banking as a store of value.
Essentially, the argument that you and many other people are making is missing the point: bitcoin can replace *personal banking* for the purpose of exchanging money at PoS or w/ friends and family. It doesn't have the capabilities necessary to supplant a functioning national (or global) economy, because those two things have dramatically different requirements.
It's not about inflation being a good thing, it's about inflation existing because of certain necessities, and being unavoidable, and thus small levels of inflation are about the best we can hope for *for national economies, which are traditionally supported by banks and which cannot be replaced by bitcoin as-it-is.* Also, this is not something that any real leading speakers of bitcoin have suggested it could/should/would do, and that's because for the most part the concept is far-fetched.
I'm all for alternatives that leave functioning systems of debt and credit. Full privatization of personal debt would be a start... and could start to lead to what you're talking about, though that starts to risk dystopian outcomes such as individuals simply not being granted debt when it's absolutely necessary for their family to survive because private institutions assess their risk too high and have no way to obtain sufficient collateral, nor to lower their risk by grouping loans (although, this too may be mitigated by some of the same companies that buy up debt and sell them in packages currently. So it's possible. There are risks, but nobody's talking about these things, they're just up in arms saying "kill the banks" which is foolish *and dangerous,* especially when an understanding of how societies and banking systems interact isn't demonstrated.)
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:23:17
Which response did you find patronizing?
I'll link them here so others can see where your unfounded angst is coming from. I assume that you are okay with this attention, so that your baseless accusation against me here can find support and thus I can experience the full force of the internet's rage mob machine?
Was it [this one,]( where I misinterpret your meaning and explain my mistake?
Or was it [this one]( which I thought was looking like a positive conversation, but to which you decided to reply here with insults instead without commenting on any of the topics at hand.
Or [this one]( where I respectfully disagree with your claim that no debt except short term debt is good and explain my reasoning on that?
I seem to be quite the bully. If you'd like a hug, I'm sure one of those who agrees with you would be happy to provide it. (Yes, NOW I'm being patronizing. See the difference? If you're going to call me a monster, why shouldn't I behave as one?)
20 bucks says your account is deleted 30 days from now.
*Edited links for context.
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:41:10
Because a one-time increase to 8MB doesn't keep BC relevant. If the problem is that we need to be able to process more transactions to continue to be viable, presumably as adoption rate of (cryptocurrencies in general, BC in particular) increases, so will the burden of transactions per second.
From what I've seen, the issue is that we can only process a small fraction (about 1%) of the transactions of a major credit card network. Granted, right now that's not the capacity we need to operate at, but again, as usage increases, we need to scale with it (or be left behind.) So a single, one-time 8MB increase is just simply not good enough. Periodic increases *after* the single, 8MB increase *has* been proposed, and is the right answer (due to reasons above.)
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:10:22
No monetary system will work sustainably *without modification* over a given course of time.
The link which prompted all this discussion which I shared discussed several ways in which modern economies have attempted to maintain stability. It also explained how frigging precarious that is and the risk of collapse (which is true about most modern national economies, in any form.)
But bitcoin doesn't solve all of the issues inherent with national economies. The point isn't whether or not the current system works, the point is that bitcoin is fine as a transactionary service and (potentially, in the future, with a lot of stability established and likely *changes,* just like other systems, in the form of branches of which we have seen MANY since inception,) as a store of value.
A national (or global) economy is a whole lot more complex than just being able to exchange money, and that's where the point is often missed in this discussion, and why those who claim bitcoin will do this are foolish.
@_date: 2015-08-16 08:02:28
Anyone else reminded of when the U.S. gov't completely shut down when deciding whether or not to raise the debt ceiling? :D
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:34:13
Yep. From what I'm seeing, the issue is "devs can't agree on how to implement so did nothing. Users noticed this failure to do something and decided to take it on themselves."
Devs ought to have done it themselves. Since they haven't, XT is a viable solution. Failure of the devs in this case is a bit worrisome, though.
Edit: to answer your question, yes, your coins will work. Based on (my understanding of) how BC works, essentially whichever chain has the highest adoption rate becomes the primary chain, based on processing power applied to validating each transaction. In theory, this should prevent you from being able to spend your coins twice (by utilizing different chains.) I'm actually somewhat interested to see if someone tries this, and what the result is. I believe the technology is resilient enough to deal with this, but I'm not 100% on the process involved.
@_date: 2015-08-18 03:20:28
Thanks man.
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:31:02
The issue is it's not even a separate currency. Just a different way of processing the same currency. It uses the same data, it operates, as you say, on the same network. In no way is it an alt.
Wasn't aware mods were shutting down discussion on what is happening, *with bitcoin, right now* on their own sub (until this post,) but if it continues I'm definitely outta here. It's discussions like this one (about XT) that I'm here for, anyway.
@_date: 2015-08-24 18:43:53
You can't really claim to know someone's motivations, and nothing has been demonstrated to support this claim. Pretty absurd to just throw shit at the wall and hope it sticks, and really doesn't contribute to the discussion at all.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:47:20
Low effort internet troll.
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:22:05


Had a coinbase transaction yesterday clear in 20 minutes. It really just depends on the load and where you are in the queue for the next confirmation when you buy.
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:42:27
One of the strengths of the BC network is transaction transparency. Extremely (and sadly) ironic if the forum dedicated to BC discussion is less transparent than the technology itself.
@_date: 2015-08-17 19:27:25


This is such a key point in this whole issue. If *any* of the people decrying XT would offer a viable alternative, I have a feeling we'd resolve all of this quickly with a huge majority consensus. But really, the people saying XT is bad are offering no alternative, except "give us time to come up with something." 
Newsflash guys, you can't counter an idea by calling it imperfect and failing to offer something better. Just does not work.
@_date: 2016-09-26 05:00:38
As people holding bitcoin die with private keys which are unrecoverable storing their coins... this happens naturally.
@_date: 2016-09-26 09:33:17
The point is natural attrition in the quantity of bitcoin in circulation. 
I suspect that there will be news stories covering the first person to die with an exorbitant stash of bitcoin reserves which can't be recovered, and it will lead others to take out insurance, ie, safety deposit boxes with private keys put in a Will to go to closest relative or friend, or that some of the keys will be found by people years after death, or that dormant accounts will be recovered by the services used to store them, etc, so we'll see some of them return to circulation.
But, inevitably, some will be lost, and over time this will decrease the amount in circulation.
@_date: 2018-03-09 00:36:47




The entire point of btc is that it's unregulated. Limiting the functionality to X transactions, or transactions of Y amount at a time, reduces the usefulness of the tech. Making tech less useful makes it less universally applicable, and this will damage adoption in the long term far more than a short term price dip as a whale offloads.
The biggest mistake I see on this sub, and among other people when they discuss crypto, is worry over price fluctuation. Either you're in it because it's cool tech - in which case you don't care about the price at all - or you're in it as an investment, in which case short term drops should be expected as they are in any other market. Bitcoins dips and peaks are more pronounced *because it's still extremely early in life-cycle.* We're talking early growth stage. It will naturally plateau once it starts to reach the majority of the market it's ever going to reach, and usage becomes more consistent.
@_date: 2018-02-11 02:32:13
People are constantly selling and buying. Someone has to sell for someone else to buy. You can watch it happen all day long at [GDAX](
Why? Unloading profits. Rebalancing portfolios. Fear. Realizing gains. Buying a house... paying rent for the month. Sending money across the world. Deciding their needs are better served by liquidity...
The same reasons anyone sells assets, really.
@_date: 2017-09-28 18:53:48
Another interesting bit:
The first 25x value was a mere 4 months after bitcoin began trading (Mar 2010 - Jul 2010.) The second (Jul 2010 - Dec 2011) was 1 year, 5 months (or 17 months.) The third (Dec 2011 - Mar 2013) was 1 year, 3 months (or 15 months.) The fourth (Mar 2013 - Jan 2017) was 3 years, 10 months (or 46 months.)
Looking at this we can see general patterns which may not actually indicate anything, but I find interesting nonetheless. The time between the 1st and second 25x events (17 months) was roughly 4x as long as the time between the original valuation and the 1st 25x event (4 months.)  The time between the 3rd and 4th 25x events (46 months) was roughly 3x as long as the time between the 2nd and 3rd 25x events (15 months.) 
Also interesting, is that the time between the 2nd and 3rd 25x event (15 months) is actually 2 months less than the time between the 1st and 2nd 25x event (17 months.) If we ignore that possible outlier, it looks like roughly somewhere between 3x to 4x as long each time we reach another 25x value marker. I'll be interested to see if this holds true (putting us somewhere around 138 and 196 months [3-4x 46 months] from Jan 2017 before it's 25x current value again.) Then again, there's another possibility.
The the 1st and 2nd event were 4x as long as the original price to 1st. The 3rd and 4th event were only 3x as long as the 2nd to 3rd. This is a (very low sample size) *decrease* in the percentage of time added to the next 25x multiple. If the time multiplier continues to decrement, we could see it only being 2x as long as the last 25x multiple, which would put it around 92 months from Jan 2017 (2x 46 months.)
These predictions are unlikely to hold up as bitcoin is still fairly volatile, but may get more reliable with more data (and, more data may be available if I look only at how long it takes to double in value, as that has happened way more often over the same time period than gaining a whopping 25x value.)
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:20:42
I'd argue, then, that a certified exchange can set limits as they prefer. However, if by doing so they limit the ability for someone holding a lot of coin to liquidate it *through that exchange,* anyone who wishes to do so has incentive to go elsewhere. The problem, of course, is that this creates a market opportunity for a competitor to handle the enormous, multi-million dollar transactions. Because of the tx fees to be made on such a transfer, it's foolish for any exchange to create a situation in which they won't be the ones used.
Thus, the *only* way to set a limit on the size of a single transaction would be regulation. The alternative requires *all* companies start acting against their own self-interest, and nobody to ever upset that status quo. I think it's reasonable to say the latter option is highly improbable.
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:51:16
Not taxed until he turns it back into cash AFAIK. If it keeps going like this, it's not limited to 'double.' Does seem sad to lose so much to taxes though.
@_date: 2017-09-28 05:59:30
EDIT: Had to edit some slight math errors. Changed the post to reflect it. /Edit.
If bitcoin hits 100k, that means it'll be worth ~25x what it is now.
How many times has bitcoin been worth 25x what it was previously? Let's see...
[According to the wiki]( in Mar 2010 a bitcoin was worth 3 tenths of one cent. 25x .003 is .075, which is close to .08 (8 cents.) Incidentally, it hit $0.08 in July 2010. That's 1.
25x .075 is about $1.875, or about $2. In Dec 2011, bitcoin price is  reported as being $2. That's 2.
25x 2 is 50. I don't see an exact point where bitcoin is reported at $50 on the wiki, so I looked up a price graph, [here.]( If that graph is accurate, on Mar 18, 2013 bitcoin's price hit $50. That's 3.
25x 50 is $1250. We almost got there in Jan 2014, but not quite. It capped just around $1000 before plummeting, and it didn't fully recover until Jan 2017. Apr 2017 it hit $1250 for the first time (as far as I can tell.) That's 4.
In 7 years, as of Jan 2017, bitcoin's value has multiplied by 390,625. That's no joke. 25 * 25 * 25 * 25, which is how the math works out here. And that's only getting to $1250. 
It's quite a bit more (over 3x more) if you consider the current value. That's right: bitcoin's value has more than tripled since January of *this year.* If you average the growth from 2010 when the first exchange opened, bitcoin's value has gone up 1,674.1% per year (accounting for tripling so far this year.)
You wanna prove people wrong, I dunno if hitting another 25x current value will do it. But I guess some folks just like big numbers, eh?
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:34:52
Looked at doubling today.
Bitcoin has fully doubled in value 20 times since it's original price at $0.003 in Mar 2010. That is, when it reached $3145.728 its value was ($0.003 * 2^^20 ). It will fully double once more when the dollar value has reached $6291.456.
It had to double twice [to be worth around 1 cent ($0.012) in May 2010]( So it doubled twice between Mar 2010 and May 2010, we can say it doubled about once a month during those early days.
2x 0.012 is 0.024, *2 is 0.048, *2 is 0.096. In July 2010, bitcoin's price was $0.08, which is pretty close to 0.096. It doubled three more times in two months, or about 1.5 times a month.
We're going back to [this graph]( now. On Oct 31st, 2010, Bitcoin's price is listed as $0.20, which means it had doubled again. $0.096 *2 is 0.192, very close to $0.20. Took 3 months to double, this time.
On January 16th, 2011, bitcoin's price was $0.39, which is very close to 0.384, the next double. This was about 2.5 months from the last double, and is the 7th time bitcoin doubled all in less than a year after being exchanged. February 1st, 2011 marks the next doubling point. Price was $0.74, the next doubling point mathematically was 0.768. That's 8, took about two weeks.
April 24th, 2011 is the next one with a price of $1.67: very close to the 1.536 doubling goal. That's 9, took almost 3 months. May 2nd, 2011 bitcoin's price reached $3.24, a bit past the doubling point of 3.072 for the 10th time bitcoin doubled, only 8 days after the previous doubling. The next doubling point falls at 6.144, the closest record I can find is on May 18th, 2011 when the price was listed at $7.14. That's the 11th double, 16 days later. 
17 days later, on June 4th, 2011 bitcoin's price jumped to $16.41. The doubling goal was 12.288, so it exceeded it by a long shot; wish I could find somewhat better records for the intervening days since it seems it may have hit the 12th double a significant (percentage-wise) amount of time sooner. 
Oh well. The next double point is 24.576, and this is where things get a little weird. Bitcoin held it's price in the $8-13 range for almost two years, here. It wasn't until February 13, 2013 that the price hit $25.47, for a 13th double. The 14th doubling threshold is 49.152, and bitcoin hit just shy of that ($48.63) on March 18th, 2013 - about a month after the previous double. The threshold for the 15th double is 90.304, and bitcoin hit $91.55 on 30 March, 2013 - 12 days after the previous. So far it would seem March is typically a good month for bitcoin.
The 16th double occurs at 196.608, and it's another long stretch before we get there: October 28th, 2013 the price hit $200.07, just past the goal close to 8 months later. Next threshold is 393.216: the best record I have for the 17th double is November 14th, 2013 at $420.77, taking about half a month to get there. Next double at 786.432, which was reached November 22nd, 2013 - 8 days later - when the price hit $825.75, for 18 total doublings.
Numbers are getting bigger, and that was another major bitcoin peak. Price held for nearly 4 years this time, ranging between $200 and $1000 for the duration until on May 7th, 2017 the price doubled for the 19th time, closing at $1553.20 which is *just* shy of the goal of 1572.864. Given that it's about a 1.5% margin of error, I'm granting it, especially since closing prices aren't necessarily the highest trade price that day.
The 20th double occurs when bitcoin reached 3145.728, which we saw on August 7th, 2017, when exactly 3 months after the previous double bitcoin's price hit $3229.29.
The 21st double *will* occur if and when bitcoin's price reaches or exceeds 6291.456. I know we're all looking forward to that. :)
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:48:02
Bitcoin is designed in such a way that anyone can send to anyone. In this way it is a peering network. All you need to do is find someone willing to sell. There are a variety of ways to do this, and a variety of ways to get cash to them after agreeing on a price. Some involve greater risk, or require more technical knowledge - which is why exchanges are able to charge higher fees, as they make it easy. 
There may be apps that automate this - or make it easier. In fact, I'd be surprised if there weren't. But again, exchanges can't be the only way, as people were buying and selling bitcoin before the exchanges were created.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:17:19
Those are exchanges, but not the only options in the US.
@_date: 2017-10-16 23:32:27
Sure. Very likely for others. I know myself pretty well.
100x increase would have no meaningful impact on my life, even back then. Part of the reason for my comment now is that *this* is the point where I'd have sold, if I bought back then. The increase is life-changing at this point, compared to the cost of entry then. No reason to risk the life I'd have by hodling now, if I had that much.
But significantly before this kind of change wouldn't meaningfully impact my life. It's easy to fire-and-forget when the cost of entry is low and the payout is enough for a nice vacation but nothing more.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:20:56
@_date: 2017-09-02 17:29:37
Maybe. You don't pay taxes on held cash, or foreign currency, or money in the bank. You don't pay taxes on capital gains from property until you sell. You generally don't pay taxes on investment instruments until you sell, aside from very select few where you pay taxes when you buy with special considerations allowing for it.
I would *love* that for bitcoin, by the way. Paying taxes on it when you buy it so you don't get taxed if you ever cash out. It'll never happen, but if someone can figure out a way, it'd be worth quite a lot to the entire community.
@_date: 2017-09-02 18:29:04
Right, which is why it's a 'maybe.' Location, and a large variety of other factors, have a huge impact on what the reality will be for individuals.
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:44:38
Whatever the one was that was everyone got during the fork before S2X. Everyone was like "free money!" I'm still sitting here like "What happened?"
@_date: 2017-10-09 08:45:01
What does hold mean? I think I saw that word on this sub once before but it's confusing. Is it a typo? Is it like hodl?
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:30:22
I'm certainly regretting not spending $100 on bitcoin when they were $1 each. I had the thought back then, then I was like 'that would be stupid, I'd be throwing away $100.' I know better now, but damn that hurts.
@_date: 2018-07-28 16:55:22
I love how Zuck doesn't make that list. There's no *question* there.
@_date: 2017-10-09 09:23:54
How do I even sell BCC?
@_date: 2017-10-09 20:09:21
Question: aside from just naming an exchange, can you explain exactly how you did this and how to ensure that I'm not selling off actual bitcoins in the process?
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:53:23
Good info, ty.
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:33:55
I feel like bitcoin suffers the exact same economic volatility as stocks, except without splitting.
@_date: 2015-04-11 02:54:08
Resistance is futile.
@_date: 2015-09-07 22:53:39
Okay, fair. But then we have two choices. Either Gavin removed/suppressed it, and comments such as this are duplicitous:


@_date: 2015-09-08 01:24:38
Thanks, that makes sense.
@_date: 2015-04-30 22:24:42
Yep. I've taken a large step back from Macro and Micro Economics over the last few years and really only use Bitcoin as a hobby / very casual prospector. But as e-currency has evolved it has always struck me as very, very similar to stock *in how it operates economically.* There are more direct ways of interacting with them, they don't pay dividends, there's no correlary to the blockchain, etc... so there are differences. But the influences over BC price and fluctuation is very similar to how companies gain and lose value, how fear and mass-sell offs result in price decreases, how increased movement and usage of reasonable or predictable quantities of BC result in price stability. It's just interesting to me.
I wonder if anyone has plotted BC since it's inception in terms of value over time, with chronographed events which have had a noticeable impact on price. I'd like to see it, if so.
@_date: 2015-09-07 22:42:20
In which case, doesn't it mean that the forum admin arbitrarily decided to remove it?
In which case, what, theymos is deciding which core devs are experts on a whim now? That seems absurd. But that's my inference, if unsubscribing doesn't remove it.
@_date: 2018-04-07 18:43:45
Acknowledging OP probably isn't the creator of the infographic...
It's probably a fairer comparison to use "Pokemon" as an IP itself rather than Pokemon Go, since Pokemon Go only picked up users that quickly as a result of the existing userbase who were already fanatical fans of the IP.
While a similar argument can be made of things like Internet --&gt; YouTube (people didn't join the internet to play YouTube, they were existing users of the internet who used YouTube once it was made available,) the difference lies in the concept of branding. That is: YouTube wasn't successful by saying "you like the internet? Check out YouTube, a new product including many familiar characters from the internet. Experience the internet in a different way!" 
Pokemon Go *did,* though perhaps not in so many words. "You like Pokemon? Check out Pokemon Go, a new product including many familiar characters from Pokemon. Experience Pokemon in a new and interesting way, catching them with your smartphone at various locations in the real world!"
@_date: 2015-10-04 17:00:17
I feel like you've just taken one of the main points about his post, which was that it's not about people but rather the ideas those people support, and turned it back into a discussion about people.
I also think you are pulling the arbitrary idea that 75/25 isn't enough and 95/5 *is* enough, frankly, out of your ass because there's no logic above to support the premise.
I'd be a lot more interested in what you have to say if you were able to remedy those factors.
@_date: 2017-07-09 03:03:14
'Real money' has no value either. Any currency only has value equal to the confidence people have in it's ability to be exchanged for something of the indicated amount.
@_date: 2017-07-15 17:29:41
Bitcoin resists extremist movements by requiring majority consensus for major changes. Why should it scare you? They can't force anything unless they have a majority, and if they have a majority it would be odd to call them "extremists." Like, you don't hear people calling each other 'teeth brushing extremists' because they believe you should brush and floss twice a day.
Due to distributed computing anyone who wants to see bitcoin die can't really make that happen either, unless they're going around blowing up data centers, which isn't really... practical. 
So, don't be scared bro! We're all good here.
@_date: 2017-07-09 13:56:41
This is accurate, of course. I never suggested that bitcoin is somehow better and/or free of this truth. My point was simply to try to help people understand the association between money and value better.
@_date: 2017-07-15 18:09:15
Lol. ;)
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:31:22
It's just so funny to see this *here,* of all places. We're on a forum which operates entirely based on the foundation of belief that currency doesn't require government acceptance to operate successfully.
If I send you one bitcoin, you have ~$2500 USD, or X number of dollars in another currency. Whether or not the US Gov't likes it, you can exchange it for a set value in other currencies. But here's the thing (which contradicts what you're saying.) Once you have the btc, you never need to convert it back to spend it. I can put something up for sale - and that *thing* has value, either due to rarity or labor put into it + quality of craftsmanship, or any number of other factors which cause you to desire it - and you can send me an equivalent amount of btc. It need not be priced in any other currency.
Say I have a reasonably nice watch. I can sell that watch for 0.25 btc independent of bitcoin's value relative to other currency, and independent of government backing.
Bitcoin is compared to USD only because USD is the most accepted currency in the world. Not because you have to convert to USD for it to be useful. Similar to gold, or any other currency exchange.
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:47:36
If I were to tell you that I would accept monopoly money in exchange  for a list of items I'm selling on  craigslist, monopoly money all of a sudden has value to anyone who wants those things.
Value of money has nothing to do with governments; government backing can help the confidence level, but it's not the source of value.
@_date: 2017-07-09 14:02:35
Except that people can transact in btc without ever being a part of economies that utilize USD.
In fact, people can (theoretically) transact in bitcoin without ever partaking in *any* other economy, should they find a way to build a miner and/or computing system that enables them to earn money on transaction fees and/or calculating blocks individually or as a part of a collective, without having to buy the parts. This would - of course - be exceedingly difficult, but it is possible. Edit: they can also do this if given bitcoin in exchange for labor or services rendered, which is far easier to achieve, but less sustainable for ongoing transactions. /edit
Conflating btc with USD is easy to do, for all the reasons you're listing. A few points: a) Yes, if you live in another economy you can and should utilize the primary currency of that economy (in most cases, with exceptions I won't go into here.) b) Which economy you choose to use absolutely has bearing on the confidence in the currency of that system: that is, as per my earlier example, by *choosing to accept* a currency in exchange for your labor or goods, you are giving that currency credibility. Everything is only worth what a purchaser will pay. c) Just because you transact both in your primary currency and bitcoin doesn't mean one impacts the value of another.
@_date: 2018-12-01 06:19:22
Ahh, the good old, "trust, but verify."
^^It's ^^the ^^Bitcoin ^^way.
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:03:13
You've completely missed my point. I'm not talking about risk inherent in the app, I'm talking about choice. Regardless of what is or is not wise to do, companies should not be dictating to users how and which security measures they must undertake. 
One of the reasons we all value btc because it's unregulated outside of the userbase, because community consensus is the only force with any real meaning or power in the evolution of the tech -- right? This is a similar principle. A company dictating their version of security for their userbase is not helpful to that userbase.
As you imply with your comment, Coinbase security alone is inadequate to protect any significant balance. Thus, the only thing this move achieves is increasing the barrier of entry to use their service. Thus, forcing the use (of anything) in this manner is a net loss for them and their userbase.
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:54:59
This is not the topic I came here to discuss. Why, if you're interested in this, would you derail my comment which has nothing to do with what you're asking?
@_date: 2018-12-19 08:28:35
Nothing, [totally just humans only.](
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:59:19
The one very concerning thing I've noticed is that you now typically need very strong ID verification to buy from any major exchange. There's probably "other ways to do it" too, but there's also a *lot* of bitcoin-related scams out there which makes it quite difficult to figure out which are reliable to use.
@_date: 2017-07-01 14:02:07
Aside from some of the other good questions here, I'm wondering what your cooling setup looks like. Can you post pics?
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:38:05
Just saying, I accept rent in the form of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:45:47
The examples you're citing went through a full product life-cycle. Introduction, growth, maturity, decline. The markers that show growth stage has been achieved have begun to be seen for bitcoin, but only barely.
It appears your argument boils down to "nothing lasts forever." I can and do wholeheartedly agree with that. I'm just saying: it currently exists. There's a lot of value there. And what it will become in the future (and what form the change will take) remains unknown by anyone. Not me, not you, not the largest bitcoin holder in the world or Satoshi himself can tell you what it will look like in five years, ten years, twenty, fifty, a hundred or more.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:25:04
True enough, but it is out there. Adoption (of anything) is to some extent self-perpetuating. Why do you have Facebook, or Steam, or a Playstation? Because your friends/brother/people you know of do and it seems fun/cool/useful, right?
BtC has only increased in adoption over it's lifetime (on average.) The bigger it gets, the more likely it is that other people will want to be a part of it - even those who don't fully understand it. 
Based on a review of product life cycle stages, we may very well be still within (but towards the end of) the introduction stage. There's still a relatively small market. Competition is minimal. The majority of miners are paying more for the equipment needed to mine than they're making off doing so. High transaction costs are another marker. BtC breaks some of the markers because of how it works, but BtC is still seeking it's market: building demand among those who would benefit from adoption. We've started to see that, but this will continue for a while as more and more people see opportunities and attempt to capitalize on it.
Essentially, by being one of those who accepts it, I am doing exactly that. While I accept it, those who owe me rent largely prefer traditional payment methods. With the opportunity available, and few others in my line of work making that opportunity available, I take on the risk that this isn't good for my business as well as the opportunity that I could see improved returns over time.
Point is it doesn't matter if I'm in the majority due to the position of bitcoin as a product in terms of product life-cycle. The fact that I'm doing so (and that thousands of other BtC-based companies accept transactions in BtC every day) demonstrates that it is both used and seen as a currency. And that while current adoption rate is low, the things you're referring to as limitations on what you can do with it (and why a currency based on the principles BtC is based on won't work) are wrong, as represented by those who are doing exactly what you claim people can't do.
@_date: 2017-06-03 22:14:02
It's not a recommendation.


No mention of what they consider significant. No choice, either. Banks don't require authenticators for access to your account, and while I'd agree this is probably wise for anyone with a good amount of money stored, they shouldn't be dictating to their users what form of security they choose to use.