@_author: kag0
@_date: 2014-12-07 03:19:31
Much better, so from this we can tell the overlay isn't a complete graph, but can't tell if it's structured graph (hard to find a source to tell you something isn't happening). The actual downloading part however seems very conducive to a DHT. Need to read more about bloom filters though.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:46:24
Good resource, but doesn't exactly answer my questions. Based on reading through that it seems like the overlay is a complete graph?
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:00:18
The reserved bitcoin idea is even better than paying nodes for storage. While it doesn't incentivize nodes to store data, it allows the amount of storage in the DHT to decrease. For example if a user did some proof-of-work (bitcoin payment or hashcash or whatever) then they might expect that storage to be there forever (admittedly you could require monthly proof-of-work or something, but I dislike that idea), but if you just reserve bitcoin, the user can remove some bitcoin from the reserved wallet whenever they want and it will be understood that that space is no longer guaranteed.
Also payment would not work for the simple reason that nothing stops a node from showing up, accept payment and some data, and then disappearing the next day with the payment. This underlines the incentive problem in general.
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:23:28


It is better for the issue of frivolous storage values and spam, for that it leaves no problems unsolved. But like said, it does not incentivize people to run nodes.


To be more precise, it allows the amount of *guaranteed* storage to decrease.


Not sure what you mean. The issue is that you can't really pre-pay an unreliable and transient peer for something you expect to have for an extended period of time. Suggesting nodes are paid on retrieval of a value rather than on insertion is not a bad idea, has a few issues, and like I said, I personally dislike a pay-as-you-go model.


Very capitalistic. Whether or not it is a good idea comes down to the philosophy of the architect and the user I suppose. My fear of an approach like that would be that rarely accessed keys would be deemed "spammy" or "unprofitable" and would be quickly dropped from the network or would accrue some sort of interest, basically making the system unusable or very expensive for low volume users.
@_date: 2015-02-18 07:30:06
Haha. For anti-spam I prefer the bitcoin holdout idea, but I don't have any better ideas for motivating nodes at the moment, it's a tricky challenge. I don't hate markets, I just have some valid objections to this idea (and the ones I stated are just the non-technical ones). 