@_author: kagenokurei
@_date: 2018-01-22 10:51:41
Please have a read on why bitcoin was created in the first place. Aside from being a fast and cheap payment mechanism, the biggest benefit(and value) of the bitcoin blockchain is that no single person/group of persons control your bitcoin(and by relation, your wealth).
Right now, the only real reason why you're able to transact with your fiat is because your government backs it. If you read the fine print in your country's bill(it should be printed somewhere in there, really small), it basically says that the bill/note is essentially payable by your country's central bank. For what value, you may ask, is another discussion entirely. This creates "trust" that can be used in transacting with other people, be it paying your bills, buying groceries, giving tips, etc.
So, what happens if something happens to your central bank? What if the government dissolves for some reason? Who, then, will pay for the value of those paper notes/bills? No one will buy those bills, not even other countries, since no entity will exchange those pieces of paper/coins for anything valuable.
With bitcoin, as long as the bitcoin blockchain lives, and the blockchain states that you have a certain balance of coins, you can transact with other people using your coins. The "trust" is now held by the blockchain, which, in turn, is maintained and secured by a decentralized network of nodes all holding a copy of the blockchain. So, instead of trusting a centralized authority(the central bank) for backing your transactions, people can now transact with each other without needing the "trust" provided by that institution.
Another thing: since the transactions recorded in the bitcoin blockchain is essentially immutable, no one would be able to "cheat" and suddenly get more coins out of nothing. People only gain coins by receiving them(either from someone else as payment, or from the coinbase when mining), and lose coins by sending them. With fiat, central banks can just print out money after some deliberation(or none).
@_date: 2018-01-22 09:04:53
First layer = Bitcoin blockchain, right? It actually serves a very good purpose: a very secure public ledger that states who owns what amount of coins. LN simply helps consolidating/batching multiple microtxns so that they don't hit the blockchain every time.
Think of it like this: the Bitcoin blockchain is one very big, decentralized bank that holds the records for everyone's bitcoin holdings. LN wallets are more like your everyday wallet that you use for transacting with everyone else. Transacting via the bank(blockchain) can be slow/cumbersome as you need to go the bank and fill up needed paperwork, but at least that's secure. You only ever go to the bank for depositing or withdrawing funds to your (LN) wallet, again, due to it being inconvenient and a hassle, but at least it's secure. In case you need to transfer large sums to someone else, you also go to the bank: it's a hassle due to paperwork, etc., but it's secure. Your LN wallet, although not as secure as the (blockchain) bank, can be used for everyday small txns: coffee, groceries, tips, etc.
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:53:30
I think this is where the node "fees" come in. You somehow need to make sure that all routed payments that go through your node ends up "paying" for the total cost of reopening the channels.
In your example, It should have initially started as:
Bob &lt;-- 1 ---- 1 --&gt; Carl &lt;-- 1 ---- 1 --&gt; Amazon
This state means that Bob holds 1 BTC, Carl holds 2BTC, Amazon holds 1BTC. After Carl routes 70 txns from Bob worth 0.01BTC each, it ends up as you posted:
Bob &lt;-- 0.3 ---- 1.7 --&gt; Carl &lt;-- 0.3 ---- 1.7 --&gt; Amazon
Total BTC count should now be Bob: 0.3BTC, Carl 2BTC, Amazon 1.7BTC. But I guess this is clear already.
At this point, Carl has 2 options if he needs to do a 0.4BTC txn with Amazon: (1) Close both channels, then reopen them with 1BTC from him again, or (2) Probably Amazon(or some other provider) has some sort of LN channel funding service where you pay them somehow(fiat, crypto, etc) and they "refill" your chosen channel for you.
Going through the first option(since the second option is kind of theoretical atm, no real impl I'm aware of), Carl would have needed to have collected enough "fees" to pay for the on-chain txns for closing the channels and reopening them. Whether or not he had collected more than enough fees would be up to how he had his node configured for routing payments.
@_date: 2019-07-09 16:32:07
I hope you understand that less hashrate on the network equates to less security of the blocks. The difficulty value of blocks ain't just for creating those blocks. They're also an indicator of how hard/how much work it is to remake/rewrite/modify that block. Chain those blocks together(which chains their difficulties as well) and you get something really, really hard to modify.
So, even with less miners, as long as the total network hashrate stays, relative level of security of the chain stays. Rewards/fees still need to pay for the energy consumption of that kind of network hashrate, though.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:09:46
Well, probably not in this subreddit. However, most crypto groups I'm a member of in social media would have posts/replies to posts promoting wallet providers as if they're the only options. Sure, they're a bit easier to use and understand compared to those wallets that let you keep your keys. But they're still a centralized system operating within a decentralized network, and it looks like they're somewhat helping with the rise of the tx fees by being the one in control of how much fees their users need to pay.
Earlier today, I've been in some sort of debate regarding BTC's high tx fees. What surprised me is that most of the members in those crypto groups think that it's the BTC network that's charging the fees. Others think that it's the miners charging the fees. One even pointed me in the direction of "transaction accelerators" that turned out to be more companies that demand payment in order to have certain "partner mining pools" to prioritize getting their txs into the next immediate block. This lead me to the realization that the rising tx fee is not just a result of actual users wanting to "cut in line", but more like the providers trying to outbid each other for user preference.
All of that info, with me knowing that bitcoin users(individual users) are the ones that should be in control of such fees, lead me to post here to hopefully spread awareness that such a thing is happening. And hopefully, in our own way, prevent wallet providers(or some other centralized system) from having a bit of control over BTC by controlling the tx fees.
@_date: 2018-05-20 16:05:08
I have invested something around USD200(in fiat) in them sometime last year. If the coins they have sent to my wallet are being converted to their fiat value at the time of transaction, I have already gotten that USD200 back. And I'm still receiving trickles every now and then as I haven't invested anything more. However, if I just have spent that USD200 back then to directly buy and hold coins, at the moment, the coins would be worth more(in fiat value). But since what I got is a "lifetime" contract, I'll probably get some more trickles until maybe 2 years more, or at least until the time when BTC mining rewards half. So, I might actually end up getting a bit more BTC than what the USD200 may have bought back then. Just a tiny bit more, probably.
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:29:30
Note that this all deals with probability. No matter how high the number, there's a chance(non-zero) for a collision. Same way that there's a chance(and it happened a lot of times) that blocks get discovered within seconds of each other.
Is it possible that my private key is the same as your private key? Given the odds, probably not(zero in theory). But if due to some freakish coincidence, it possibly is(non-zero in practice).
Even if every living person on earth right now would generate their own private key via 256 coin tosses, there's an almost zero chance that there would be a collision(2 people generating the same key). There's still that chance, though, however slim. So unless there's a way to verify that a particular generated key is unique, as they say, "don't trust; verify."
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:57:28
I just checked my records, I did send them fiat, USD225 to be exact. At that time, it would have got me around BTC0.05.
So far, I only have gotten back a bit more than half that amount in total BTC. However, as I mentioned, if those BTCs were converted to their fiat(USD) value at the time they were sent to my wallet, I already got my USD225 back.
So, just looking at the fiat transactions, I already got RoI, and a tiny bit more. If BTC prices did not fall down, I should have gone way past RoI(again, in fiat/USD).
If you actually have read my whole comment, you would have read that I acknowledged that spending that USD225 to buy BTC and holding on to it is better than getting that contract, at least as of right now. Since it's a "lifetime" contract, however, I still have to see. I still get trickles of satoshis from it every now and then. If they don't prematurely terminate it, I'm expecting the contract to actually end when the BTC mining rewards half down.
TLDR; I got my USD225 back, but at time of writing, I should be better off if I just bought USD225 worth of BTC and held on to it.
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:41:38
Yes, I do run my own node, and I also run an LN node. It's just that the fee estimate there is kinda ridiculous, especially the "car" and "rocket" tiers. I dread what would happen if many BTC users would opt to pay for those fees, which in turn would prompt other custodial providers to raise fee estimates. Repeat ad infinitum.
@_date: 2019-08-12 19:15:52
I think you're confusing "running a full node" with "mining". I, myself, run a full node on an RPi3. The same hardware also runs an LN node. Works fine for both networks.
@_date: 2019-08-12 20:19:15
And what I'm saying is that the RPi3 doesn't count as "weak hardware" in this context. It is able to verify blocks faster than they are being relayed across the network. It is being used by the LN node to open and close channels, which is effectively sending to/receiving from multisig addresses. Mine has been running for several months already(set it up around Nov last year, I think) with no issues. Add to it the fact that an LN node is running on the same hardware, I'm not sure what other meaning of it "effectively" running a full node and participating in the P2P network known as bitcoin you have. Unless, of course, the only way you can consider it to "effectively" participate in the network is via mining, which I think is the only thing it's not doing right now.
@_date: 2019-06-03 11:36:42
I hope you guys realize that in a lot of countries, $10 is more than what people earn in a day's work.
@_date: 2019-06-24 17:53:59
Bitcoin is open source. Aside from a main dev team composed of people from around the world, several others contribute to the code as well. The code is open for the world to see. Therefore, it's open to be reviewed by anyone as well. All changes done are reviewed by a lot of people all over the world. These people, not just the devs, all hold interest in Bitcoin. Know that all of them are working to each of their own selfish desires. Most own Bitcoin, and are watching out for changes that will put their ownership at a disadvantage.
Let's play by your scenario that the government somehow infiltrates the dev team. How will a code change meant to benefit a particular government/group of govts escape the scrutiny of the reviews? It will take just 1 reviewer to point out the offending lines of code, and that changeset can kiss its existence goodbye. If it's somehow forcefully merged into the main codebase, the same reviewers will be able to inform the world that the next version of the node software contains code meant to benefit a group of a few people. What to you think node operators will do? If they do run the new version, it's the same as "voting" to accept those changes. Otherwise, they stay on the version they agree with. You see, it all boils down to consensus. Global consensus of devs, reviewers, and node operators. Note that I did not mention miners. Miners have no say whatsoever in the consensus. All they do is create blocks, and it will be up to the node operators to verify if the created blocks adhere to the global consensus or not.
There's a reason that Bitcoin cannot grow as fast as most other tech. It is somewhat held back by the consensus it maintains. Changes are reviewed over and over before getting finalized, at which point, it will already be relatively neutral and agnostic. Bitcoin is a project of the people, by the people, for the people. It will be very hard for a any organization to take over it.
@_date: 2019-01-26 20:36:01
You can't trace bitcoin "to the ip address". It's only traceable via wallet addresses. So, unless you reuse wallet addresses or use a custodial wallet(where KYC/AML are usually required), it's quite hard to trace your bitcoin transactions. It's definitely doable given time and effort, but quite hard.
@_date: 2018-11-11 10:34:19
Who gives value to that check? A bank.
I may be mistaken, but I don't know of any vendor who would accept a check, payable to cash(CASH is written instead of a name), in exchange for goods + actual cash as change. Say, is there a vendor that would accept a USD1k check as payment for something worth USD200 + 8 USD100 bills?
@_date: 2018-03-31 09:05:40
You see the value of the automobile as you see it now. Way back when the first automobiles were running on the streets, they were looked at as inefficient novelty items. Horse-pulled carriages can run faster than them, pull heavier cargo than them. Probably even some of the earliest auto mechanics thought how ridiculous it would be for everyone to own an automobile that would need regular maintenance compared to carriages that you can maintain yourself and can do a lot more(at that time).
Same with computers. Back then, computers take up large rooms, and are very inefficient compared to what they can do. In terms of economic value, they consume more energy than the output they provide. I guess you could imagine how ridiculous it looks to punch holes in cards in certain patterns that only another computer can read. Compare that to a hand-written(or typewritten) note that contains the exact same data stored in the primitive "data card". A pattern of 8 punched holes(or the lack of it) to represent a single character? Data cards/computers are that stupidly inefficient way back then, too.
Bitcoin may not take off within our lifetime. It doesn't mean we cannot support it in its infancy, though. It's literally a baby full of potential at this point. And that potential is what's driving speculation.
On another point(re: decentralized and immutable public ledger), I'm not sure if you've read some joke/text going around about a bank, some robbers, and the management of said bank. It goes something like this:


Of course that's fictional, but it's a very realistic scenario. And you'll see who are the real culprits of the bigger loss. Who'll shoulder the loss? As someone already mentioned, it'll be socialized. Government will pay for it as part of insurance, and that amount comes from taxes.
Banks hold centralized, private ledgers/records of their clients' money. Technically, they can fraudulently modify the values in their ledger to give more money to certain individuals. This somewhat happened to a local bank in my country a few months ago, where people either suddenly got lots of money in their account, or suddenly lost them. For almost 24 hours, this was the situation. Some took advantage of this and withdrew an amount from ATMs early on, before the bank in question was able to halt their electronic systems and closed their office tellers. Good thing is their system has a hard limit of around US$400 withdrawal per day, which somehow limited the damage done. As per media report, the "glitch" happened due to an intern accidentally pushing alpha code to live. It took them around 3 days to fully fix and reverse the issue, and they did not bother to chase those who got their US$400 out of ATMs.
This "modification" is also legally done whenever someone takes out a loan. The approval process, aside from screening the loan client for capability to pay, also includes approval from the central bank to "create" the loaned amount out of thin air. There is no real money transfer when a loan is taken from a bank. What happens, is that a local bank(let's say they hold a total of US$4M) receives a loan application for US$500K, then requests the central bank to grant the loan. The central bank just approves it, then the local bank hands the US$500K to the client. The local bank, in their records/ledger, still has US$4M in their vault. Including the US$500K they loaned out, they are now worth US$4.5M. That's what it means to have a debt-driven economy, and also one of the causes of the collapse of the housing bubble. Banks had bloated numbers in their ledgers/records, but are largely based on a promise of payment, and not actual money.
These scenarios of "manipulation" of money cannot be done with the decentralized, public ledger of bitcoin. Bitcoin can only be spent if it's cryptographically proved that it's currently owned by the spending party. Bitcoin cannot be created out of thin air. There's no central authority that handles the supply, and controls how it circulates. It's not perfect, sure, and some bad actors take advantage of those properties. But the same thing happens with fiat.
Most of the difficulty you had with transacting with bitcoin is really mostly the fiat system's fault. The reason is that a huge part of the world still relies on fiat. If, let's say, fiat was totally out of the picture(and everybody was transacting in bitcoins), the only real(and current) problem you'll be having would be the confirmation time. But LN is the solution to that. The delays and headaches you ran into was due to the strict regulation in the fiat world. Regulations that don't really curb illegal activity(makes them a bit harder to do, sure). Imagine the world where everyone transacts in bitcoin, where you won't have to sign a huge pile of paperwork to spend your money. Where you, yourself, have the proof of how much wealth you own, and are capable of maintaining the public ledger that contains the records of transactions that everyone has ever made.
@_date: 2018-03-31 09:22:00
The difficulty is there to make sure that only 1 block is mined every 10 minutes on average. More miners would mean blocks are mined sooner than the intended 10 minute interval. Less miners would mean blocks are mined later than the 10 minute interval. The difficulty is adjusted after every 2016 blocks are mined. After the adjustment, it's usually back to 10 minute blocks until mining power changes. Block here means an entry in the blockchain. A transaction is only confirmed once it gets included in a block and added to the blockchain.
Aside from other reasons like security of the network, the 10 minute interval is put in there to control the "release" of bitcoins. If you're still not aware, there could only be 21M bitcoin in circulation. Almost 17M is in circulation now, with around 4M yet to be "mined". For every mined block, 12.5 bitcoin is "released" to be circulated.
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:48:55
As others have mentioned, forking due to an algo change will only benefit Bitmain more than the currently emerging competitors(Samsung is one) simply due to the reason that Bitmain already had profited from their rigs and have a lot of resources to spare if R&amp;D needs to develop new hardware for the new algo.
However, you should understand that BTC mining is not really centralized. Remember that these are mining **pools** we are talking about if centralization is the topic, and actual miners can switch between pools whenever they want.
Sure, a huge majority of these hardware is manufactured by Bitmain, but you have to remember that these hardware run on the same consensus rules/software that make up the Bitcoin network. It's not like since Bitmain manufactured a particular mining hardware, they actually have control of the network. The moment they somehow make all their machines run on a different set of consensus rules/blockchain software, it's as good as all those machines launching a totally centralized hard fork on their own, totally separate from the decentralized Bitcoin blockchain. Surely it will cripple the Bitcoin network in terms of speed, since it will take a while for the difficulty to adjust to the departure of those machines. But the security, integrity, and decentralized nature of the parent blockchain will remain. Since other nodes(even the non-mining full nodes) are bound to the actual Bitcoin consensus rules, those will still be operating on the parent blockchain, basically abandoning the centralized hard forked blockchain at once.
As for the concerns of a 51% attack, it's rarely specified what the effect of such an attack is. TBH, the only real effect and reason to perform a 51% attack is to double spend coins. And the financial cost of pulling off such an attack is just not worth the ability to double spend, considering all the factors in play(hashrate, mining power costs, mining hardware costs, etc).
If you really study the way Bitcoin works, you'll see that it essentially feeds on human greed to keep the system honest and trustless. And everyone knows how hard it is to resist the innate greed in oneself. It feeds on each individual's interests and greed to keep everyone from even attempting to destroy the network. The thing to remember about Bitcoin(at least in its current state, can't speak for future changes), is that if you want to destroy it, you, as the attacker(and actually a user), will be going down with it.
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:09:46
This is actually the correct meme(at least going by the DBZ Kai Series, I don't have the original DBZ episode handy). Vegeta says "hassen"(JP for 8000), and not "kyuusen", which is 9000.
Well, I have checked an online clip of the original DBZ ep, and Vegeta still says "hassen". I wonder where the "9000" came from? An EN dub, perhaps?
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:55:06
I might be mistaken, but from what I read somewhere, if you run a bitcoin node version that was released before the BCH hard fork, it would only be able to connect and sync up to the current BTC network(and blockchain). The BCH implementation did a drastic change in the consensus rules that node versions that existed prior to the fork wouldn't understand the newly generated BCH blocks, which is why it's called a hard fork since it essentially "left" the original blockchain continuity and started building with blocks based on their new rules.
So, what makes Bitcoin Bitcoin is the consensus rules that each node upholds. A block that doesn't comply with those rules simply cannot be part of the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:41:32
As what you replied, I'd love to read some news article that says that as well.
Also, I'd love to hear why you think Bitmain has got BTC mining centralized.
@_date: 2018-12-02 21:55:22
Given enough time and effort, BTC is actually traceable. That's one of the reasons why wallet address reuse is discouraged, which is to protect your privacy to a certain extent. However, if someone is focused on tracing a person's/entity's finances, it's certainly doable on the blockchain. Probably hard, but definitely doable.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:48:56
I don't have an answer to that, but it actually works both ways: How is a reversible payment any good for protection from fraudulent customers(i.e. credit card chargebacks)?