@_author: kagurahime
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:24:28
What do you mean by "claim"?
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:13:55
Do you plan to sell it or to store it for later?
If you plan to sell right away I'd use something like Kraken or livecoin.
I've heard Kraken is easier to get your money off of while livecoin is easier to convert, buy and sell in real time.
Anyway BEFORE you receive the coins, sign up for kraken, connect your bank account and activate 2fa. (2fa just means you have to supply 2 ways to prove you are you, and it helps to ensure no one impersonates you and steals your money. These might be your email, cellphone or a pin number) You may then need to wait a few days depending on their rules. Since you are a newb they may tell you you have to wait for a certain amount of time before you can withdraw. Wait for that time, then when ready to receive your coins, the site will give you a special secret code. Give this to the angel who is giving you the coins. They will send you the coins in approx 2-10minutes. Once it arrives, immediately convert to USD and send to bank account. DO NOT DELAY.
If you plan to sell sometime but not exactly soon, I'd put it in Electrum.
If you plan to save it, I'd invest in a Trezor or Ledger Nano S, bought directly from the official sites. (approx $150 and $100 respectively. (These are like USB flashdrives which they'll ship to you and are one of the safest ways to store your Bitcoins if you don't want them stolen.)
Take the trezor directly to the angel and ask if they would put the coins on it. They will likely be very impressed you got the trezor.
One thing to note: when you first use it, Trezor may give you a "seed" which is basically a series of random words. That's a secret code that will allow you to keep your coins even if you lose or break the trezor. You must write this down and make sure you NEVER lose it. If you lose the code you WILL be sorry.
One more thing: do NOT put and leave your coins on anything that is called an "exchange." those are not safe websites. You will likely get hacked and lose your coins.
This is a very watered down explanation but one i wish I'd had when I started. If anyone sees any errors please do correct them.
(I use cold storage because I have no intent to sell my knowledge of the warmer options may be less accurate.)
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:56:02
Because Bitcoin cash is controversial whereas Bitcoin is generally viewed as more mainstream/reliable.