@_author: kaisertom
@_date: 2014-05-30 08:20:36
Chicago and Austrian schools of economics claim exactly this, and that instead deflation should really be the norm if you are not adding to the money supply.
@_date: 2014-04-25 18:53:18
Anarcho-capitalism is not a government, it's an ideology like any other. It can only work if a majority believe it will work. It's also not anything we should suddenly change to, governments don't work like that without a large upset happening. It's a process and way of thinking as well as a technological achievement to be able to have private enterprises replace state functions. Many state functions were necessary and more efficient due to economies of scale, however as technology advances and time goes on, that scale becomes smaller and smaller to a point of complete decentralization (think fridges) where you have said device that performs said function in every household.
Is it feasible nowadays? Hard to say, I personally think we are getting close though to really beginning that process, assuming of course that "post-scarcity" is still a ways off.
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:53:14
Well like I said, it's a process, it requires everyone to release more and more economic freedoms. It's a very slow and long process (governments don't exactly rise and fall like companies, there's also a small number of them which also lessen economic competition and provides
 less of a desire to have an efficient bureaucracy), but it does happen. The founding fathers of the US wanted to ensure that there was only economic competition between states, and take military competition out of the equation, to ensure an efficient bureaucracy and non-oppresive laws. To ensure that the states would adhere to what was best for the people rather than become the power hungry monarchies that were very popular in Europe at the time. Europe wanted constant military competition between the states, many small warring kingdoms, to ensure they may never threaten the powers of Europe and could be easily controlled if desired. We gave them economic competition instead, and combined to form the greatest army in the world. 
Federations are very great governments, they allow for many smaller countries (all of which are more representative of their population and more accountable than a larger country is) to come together on projects that benefit greatly from economies of scale such as military, certain research programs/subsidies, space programs, and others while competing on things that don't need to be so overencompassing like healthcare laws, educational subsidies, business regulations, and welfare.
@_date: 2014-05-08 04:21:18
Truthfully the solution WAS an economic bust, but they instead got stimulated to stay afloat. The market has rather efficient ways to deal with banks going bankrupt, you will notice that people who have loans with banks that go bankrupt don't suddenly get a free house but instead get their loan under another banks that BUYS the loan. There are a lot of methods to liquidate an entire bank, and in 2008 it should have been bought by the smaller banks who DIDN'T engage in these practices, and those banks should have been the top dogs, since they had good practices.
The loans would have been sold for a much cheaper price than what they were originally given out for, so that the bank can cut costs. The economy would have dipped but it would have all came back much faster as the loans were now worth what they actually worth with the high risk these loans had being applied as opposed to highly inflated prices due to a bubble everyone knew was going to burst.
@_date: 2014-05-30 08:34:56
Loans were invented for a very good reason. 
Let's say you are earning $40,000 a year at your job. You want to start a bakery and believe that this bakery will earn somewhere around $100,000 a year profit. It will cost $150,000 to set up this business. You spend 10 years saving a significant portion of your income for this bakery, and set it up, and start making profit.
Alternatively in a world with loans:
You are earning $40,000 a year, you want to start a bakery. You go to the bank and provide amble backing data to claim your point this bakery will make $100,000 a year and that you need a $150,000 loan to start it. They approve you for a loan with 5% interest. You start up this bakery immediately and start making profit. With only half your income now you can pay off the loan in 3 years while still making $10,000 more than you did before, and after that be making $100,000 a year.
Over 20 years situation 1 earned $1.25 million, situation 2 earned $1.843 million, a substantial difference. Loans facilitate growth by allowing that growth to happen now rather than waiting for savings to be built up, it is as simple as that.
People also cry foul at derivatives when they were really made popular because of fluctuating food prices, which as a result caused food prices to start stabilizing as people on both sides hedged the price of corn and wheat next year, ensuring there was a much closer to average price throughout the years regardless of harvest.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:09:36
Keynesian Economists maybe, but Classical Economists tend to disagree. Despite what they may tell you, the economy is all about optimizing consumption, not maximizing it.
Inflation seems good from the perspective of an economy built around it, but that doesn't mean the economy can't adapt to a deflationary currency. The only thing that truly matters is the stability of the deflation or inflation.
If a currency has inflated by 3% a year, every year, for many years straight, then people, companies, and banks come to expect that sort of increase every year and adapt. Savings accounts will become whatever rate they offer + 3%, interests rates on loans increase by the natural rate + 3%, stock projections increase by 3%, pay raises become 1% + 3%. All this to a point where everything, except holding the physical currency itself, might as well be at 0% inflation.
Issues crop up when that rate is variable and no one knows what the actual interest rate is. People end up making loans that lose them money, pay raises become abysmal so the company doesn't screw itself over offering multiple pay raises well past inflation.
In a deflationary world, people, companies, and banks can also come to expect the same decreases each and every year.
@_date: 2016-09-10 07:18:34
What if my life savings is only like, 6 months of saving? $5,000 seems pretty reasonable to dump into it (ok, maybe only $2,000, I just need to get away from usd).
@_date: 2016-09-10 07:26:30
Which is bullshit because the data and empirical methods are all there, but people ignore them because it turns out that the truths economics reveals disagrees with many people's political beliefs.
This is literally the same as when the church/religion put down the science of astronomy for a time because it disagreed with their belief that the Earth was the center of the universe.
@_date: 2016-09-10 14:29:16
That quantity is hardly much, nor is it that important. I already shove 4%+2% into my 401k and save $500-600 a month currently, and I don't even have a good paying job yet ($12.75 an hour).  I would rather "gamble" it away on something that may increase my wealth, or at the very least hedge against inflation, than have it constantly lower in value, not to mention I already will be investing a portion of that into stocks.
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:49:17
The worth of a currency is determined by the GDP that accept it divided by the amount moved.
$1 trillion worth of products bought with Bitcoin divided by 20 million is about $50,000. You would need $20 trillion GDP, or the potential for it, for Bitcoin to be worth $1 million each. Or a slow velocity Bitcoin.
It's possible, but would need quite the worldwide adoption. That being said, Bitcoin is a disruptive technology, and disruptive technology has a tendency to skyrocket into ubiquity.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:35:10
Private banking is great! Central banking on the other hand...  Which is what Bitcoin stands to end.
@_date: 2013-03-25 10:48:05
No I mean as in it is still full of very high-quality material, many being news links and articles with information on upcoming games or quality discussion about current games and videos with real gameplay/trailers about a game. If you look at the sidebar you will notices the amount of "Do not post" in relation to the "Do post" and how heavy of moderation it is, but it has kept its quality from when it was a small sub that is for sure.
@_date: 2017-06-04 22:35:08
Well, the original thought for UBI was as a complete replacement to the current welfare state, not as a supplement. It eliminates needless bureaucracy surrounding the current welfare system saving a lot of money and makes each person directly responsible for the income they receive. 
It allows them to save that money if they happen to be able to survive below that UBI, which you can't exactly do with many forms of welfare. It incentivizes making good financial choices with that money rather than being dependant on an arbitrary voucher that can only be spent on one particular item. People will make bad decisions with the money and not spend it on food or shelter, and they should, because the only way those people will truly learn is by dealing with the harsh consequences of those decisions.
@_date: 2013-04-23 05:41:01
The transition is not an immediate one, it starts like this, small things you would rarely even think twice about. 
Then it ramps up a little, soon people begin selling appliances and groceries and furniture for bitcoins.
Then it completes with full one acceptance by industrial producers and extremely expensive things like real estate.
Slow and steady wins the race. We have created a superior product, the customers will come in time.
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:21:19
The bitcoin can continue to go on steady for years and years to come, constantly rising in value up to an end certain point where it ends up being accepted as currrency across the entire world GDP. The exact value of that is EXTREMELY hard to ascertain, as you would need to first find the entire world's monetary base of every currency, equate them to a single currency, such as the USD, and then proceed to divide by the bitcoin supply, though it is probably somewhere around $500,000 per bitcoin to tell the truth (this again is assuming it is accepted worldwide as currency) assuming the USD is accepted by a total of $20 trillion GDP worldwide (it IS used a lot for international trade). 
However, there is ALWAYS the risk that governments can suddenly say "This currency illegal", and cause an almost IMMEDIATE crash to the market (the size of said crash being dependent on the amount of GDP that the bitcoin lost as a result of this action). There is also the (though HIGHLY unlikely) chance that everyone that is using the bitcoin suddenly says they are no longer accepting it, thus causing the amount of GDP that accepts bitcoin to fall drastically, and as a result, for its price to collapse (index funds in the stock market suffer from this risk as well, if everyone suddenly pulls out, the stock price collapses, though again, HIGHLY unlikely).
There is also a chance that the bitcoin system in and of itself is changed in some way shape or form that could alter the value. Maybe through an increase to the bitcoin supply ceiling or vice versa.
**TL;DR:** Bitcoin has an absolute ton of potential, assuming no government intervention, random market pullout, or serious system changes occurs. Take the risk of those for what you will.
@_date: 2013-03-27 03:13:55
Redditquette is extremely prominent in the smaller subs because usually the people that join small subs in the first place really care about redditquette. But Theory of Reddit claims that over 20k subs the quality of the subreddit takes a drop in many cases, the only cure being heavy moderation or a VERY active user base in keeping content in check. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:35:26
Well, here's the thing, China has very few and poor investment options, as well as a currency that isn't all that trustworthy. The only reason the housing bubble in China hasn't popped despite a dangerous surplus supply of houses is because people have been investing in housing, because despite any sort of bubble that may burst, it still has a pretty high chance to bring higher returns than their other investment options they are limited to. It seems now that they have discovered bitcoin, people are rapidly trying to switch to it because they see it as a much better investment than everything else, and to be fair, they are mostly right.
@_date: 2013-04-17 03:38:33
How do you think he got the job?
@_date: 2013-04-06 08:43:12
"Think of it as Plan Ƀ"
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:11:52
There is a market, a demand, for bringing bitcoin transactions to stores, and you are working on providing a product/service to bring bitcoin transactions to these store.
It's almost like Capitalism actually works.
@_date: 2013-03-25 10:25:14
while not perfect, has stood the test of 20k subs rather well, even up to 200k subs. While there is the occasional "low-quality" post, there are many very "high-quality" ones as well. 
This has no doubt been mostly due to very active moderation. Partially also due to occasional heavy moderation to sway subscribers away from undesired "low-quality" thinking and towards more "high-quality" thinking, it's obvious that how much something is downvoted or upvoted can sway a subscriber base towards that way of thinking. If a certain post with a sarcastic joke has 20 votes, it is going to get upvoted because some viewers analyze it a bit more and find out the true meaning, that it is a joke. If that same post has -20 votes, it is going to get downvoted because people automatically assume it must be the person being serious and a dick instead of a joke. It seems small at first, but amplify this effect over the entire subreddit over time and it begins to really change the sub base, for better or for worse specifically is hard to say, and should be 50/50 assuming a ungrowing sub base. However, if you couple this with a growing sub base of people with previous opinions or views on the subject, you can end up doing nothing but supporting those views with these posts, and more than likely leading to a "for worse" change of sub base chance of much more than 50%.
Moot and others on 4chan has this same general concept where even "ironic shitposting" only attracts people who legitimately think like that because they feel they are among friends, thus "shitting up" the fan base with these people.
I should really subscribe to theory of reddit.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:09:11
Singapore? High economic freedom? Naaaaah.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:40:05


Wait, has this really prevented a lot more international shipping than many people (including me) would think? That seems rather... interesting to say the least. It's no wonder many companies often refuse to provide their product to other countries. I can only imagine this being the same case with Digital products, which explains a lot actually.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:24:29
And up goes the price, regardless of whether it's speculation or real value.
@_date: 2013-03-25 10:32:50
This is really cool, the demand for Bitcoin is only getting higher. People like to jump on the "IT'S A BUBBLE" bandwagon but, for one, don't fully realize how a currency works, and two, simply don't realize just how much GDP is being encompassed by the Bitcoin in recent times. Sure some of it's current value IS probably speculation, but a majority of it's value is being backed by the GDP that accepts it as currency. If we see any pop, it is going to be a relatively small of a drop and very short of one at that. The Bitcoin has a potential to reach $140,000 per and possibly even more, we are far from any real bubble crisis.
@_date: 2013-03-26 11:23:41
Yes, cheap oil DOES affect much of our lives, but that is ONLY because it is cheap. Many people do not realize just how cheap the alternatives are, sure there will be a slight increase in living costs for a little while during the transition to these alternatives due to high fixed costs, but it will all drop back down in the end. The concept that we are in for bad times ahead because we have reached peak oil is insane. There is a little switch for every person in a capitlist society that says "this is too expensive to use/produce, switch to using/producing this".
In fact, IT IS ALREADY HAPPENING TODAY. Power plants around the U.S. are switching over to natural gas because it is more efficient and thus cheaper to use than oil. Cars are getting more fuel efficient because customers don't want to pay for gas guzzlers with prices "this high" (this being at only $4 a gallon nonetheless). US oil demand in the beginning of the decade rose at an EXTREMELY low level and in the recent years we have seen a DECLINE. We were supposed to be using 28 million barrels a year by now but we are at 18 million a year consumption and in fact ARE DECLINING RAPIDLY.
The production of a finite resource, assuming no government intervention or act of god, does NOT just "collapse", it makes a slow decline over time. During that time, the price rises because the supply has decreased, and in turn, it signals to people one of two things. 1. Stop using this resource it is expensive, or 2. Find a cheaper alternative if this is a useful resource.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:50:43
I am not sure what you are trying to convey, the bitcoin definitely would crash in some way shape or form, if a government banned it within it's borders. It would throw out every legitimate business that used the bitcoin  and only leave the illegitimate businesses. That loss to the amount of GDP that excepts bitcoin would be immense. Sure the market would always exist in the illegitimate sector, the black market, but it wouldn't be worth near what it could be if legitimate businesses could also take the bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is a currency, it's very value is absolutely dependent on the supply and demand for it, if a government bans it, the demand takes an immediate dive. Sure there will still be demand, but not near as much, and possibly NEVER near as much as it was once worth.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:47:35
Well that's what I meant, they are of course more expensive than oil, but they are much cheaper and are much closer to the costs of oil than most people think. I usually see the argument that alternatives are EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE, implying it is going to take a ton of capital to build it, when the truth is that if oil were to double in price, we would see an explosion of renewable generation to follow.
Sorry if I wasn't clear.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:20:21
There is a theory known as the Efficient Market Hypothesis, it says that the financial market is "informationally efficient", meaning the current price reflects any and all data gathered almost instantly. If info comes out that the government has banned bitcoins, the price almost immediately drops as a result. This has the implications that the ONLY people that can "win", aka can beat the market average returns, are those who have VERY FIRST access to that information. However, bitcoins are still relatively inefficient compared to stock and other more established markets though, so in order to beat the market average you WILL have to dedicate A LOT of time to watching it and especially gathering information about it and increasing your knowledge base about the concepts of finance.
@_date: 2013-03-25 11:03:10
I dislike Keynesians just as much as the next Classical or Austrian but that's just being a dick.
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:29:22
I will have to say, the bitcoin is definitely a Libertarian's wet dream, it just proves the lack of need for a state to control or create a currency for the good of society when society comes up with one itself.
@_date: 2013-03-25 11:08:32
There are tons of arguments against the Keynesian theory, but A LOT are in economics journals, not in mainstream media. The WSJ is about the extent of "mainstream media" where I can find Classical/Austrian articles within it in my experience.
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:05:17
All the way up to $150,000 and more possibly, assuming it ever becomes just as socially accepted as the USD is.
@_date: 2013-03-29 13:15:39
Bye bye cap2002, it was nice knowing ya. :(