@_author: kaitheredfox
@_date: 2019-07-28 21:21:34
But wouldn’t it be more secure? I always thought having it that way made it easy to mount and use quickly and then keep it offline.
@_date: 2019-07-28 00:23:54
Your better off buying USB thumb drives and using VeraCrypt software to encrypt the entire drive and storing your keys on a file with in it. It’s time consuming but you’ll be better off than trying to use a pi. They are good little devices but when it comes to security. A offline drive that’s heavily encrypted is better. VeraCrypt has dozens of key encryptions to choose from. Educate yourself on it before just rushing through it. You will loose access to your data of you choose to treat it lightly.
@_date: 2018-08-25 19:34:13
I mean you do have stellar decentralized exchanges like stellarport.io where you are in charge of your own key store file. As far as it being opened sourced I haven’t checked but it’s as decentralized as you can get I believe also Stellarx is coming out soon. 
Also you do have to add your own Trustlines within stellarport.io and there are a few different Trusts you can choose from that all have their own trade on the exchange. 
@_date: 2019-11-15 05:54:18
I dont know. These guys i buy from, not bad at all. 6.99% no KYC other than a phone number. [Http://coinflip.tech](Http://coinflip.tech). Alot of coins to choose from on their ATM too.
@_date: 2019-09-03 23:06:02
From experience. I tried to run a full node headless on Raspberry Pi with 1TB external and it was working until it maxed out the ram and stopped at 30% and wouldn't run.  simply put the bitcoin network is to big to run it on low spec hardware. At least 2 GB is good but more is always the best option. Nodes need a platform to run on Linux/MacOs/Windows. So the router wouldn't be where you would want to run the node even if you could get a headless Ubuntu install on it.
@_date: 2019-09-03 23:41:19
I can only assume your acting on impulse right now. Chill... depending on what country you’re from you have different options. Coinbase is well known. And you can get it from other sellers too. You will have to KYC verify most likely on any bank ACH. You buy from a verified seller like Coinbase. Depending on if you verify as a business or a individual consumer account you have limits. You get it by doing research on what’s best for you. There will be fees no matter what you do. You can also check your local area for bitcoin ATMs that’s the easiest way, but you need to have a wallet set up and secure it. Oh... and there’s fees on ATMs too.
@_date: 2019-09-04 02:29:00
The cheapest way is to just run Bitcoin Core on your daily PC for a few hours a day(after downloading the blockchain) to help the network or if you can let it run, just leave it on. Once you download the ledger you can start accepting connection on Port 8333 so open port 8333 on your router so you can accept transaction updates to the ledger.
To run a separate system that you don't need to build a whole PC for you can get a MINI PC. They can run from around 100 USD. The specs are what you want to consider. The cheaper you go the less you'll get. like I said anything over 2GB of Ram, a Celeron processor and at least 500 GB storage to start should be good. Upping your HDD space will be the only future purchase. Probably should get a external since it will be easy to bounce the Bitcoin data from a small HDD to a bigger one at a later time when you run out of room. current size of the block chain is around 300GB i think. 
You might not be able to get a mini PC with a decent Processor but here's a decent start. [
here is a bit of a better one with Ubuntu already installed. Still a weak Processor though. 
Also running on Windows is ok and will work fine. But Linux Distros like Ubuntu are lighter and most times faster less resource hungry. You DONT have to, but it really helps because there wont be any bloatware with Linux and it wont do anything you don't want it to unlike windows with their crazy updates and bloatware apps you wont use. Also most Distros will ask if you even want to install 3rd party applications so its nice to have the option to exclude programs that would otherwise just use up resources. 
Things to note:
Running a node is fairly straight forward you should Read thoroughly here  [ because if you run a node and do not finish downloading the blockchain and do not accept connections on 8333 you will essentially be doing no good for the network.  Also broadband speeds are a must since you will essentially be dedicating some of your bandwidth to the Bitcoin protocol. It isn't much, but I run a Network monitor on my PC, and over a week the node used around 50-60GB depending on the activity on the blockchain. that's not much but on metered connections you will blow through any Data caps from your ISP, especially if you use your network for other things like video streaming.
@_date: 2019-09-20 18:30:09
You never set up 2FA? Poor account implementation on your end. Sorry for the loss, but you need to learn account security. This could have been completely circumvented if you took the proper precaution of adding (ANY) 2FA to your Google account and Binance account. It takes a few extra minuets and one extra security step when logging in to your account(s) but fully worth it as you can see now. 
Google 2FA: 
FreeOTP (not google)
@_date: 2019-09-03 23:18:13
Not your private keys not your Bitcoin. Thought I come in and remind people this. While wallets like coinbase and the like are convenient, you DO NOT own your bitcoin if YOU DO NOT have your private keys. Most noob apps wont let you have access to your Seed/Keys. Usually any app where you have to register/login. Simply put... the easier it is to get BTC the more likely you are not owning your coins.
@_date: 2019-09-03 23:57:27
Yeah... what your asking would have been easier done years ago before all the verification regulations came into play. You are at the mercy of the exchanges that don’t just allow a new account to funnel in some amount of money. If 300 a week isn’t enough try another exchange. 
Kraken does Fiat to crypto but be prepared to be limited there to. You need to build up to higher deposits. Just the way it is. If you find some off chain seller of bitcoin be prepared to pay them a fee to. I don’t think anyone is selling in the state the markets in right now anyway.  You really need to do more research to find out what works for you.