@_author: kajaz
@_date: 2016-04-02 17:45:12
Reading this brought to mind MIT's emerging blockchain-based Enigma system ( See the white paper "Decentralizing Privacy: Using Blockchain to Protect Personal Data" at 
@_date: 2016-04-21 16:23:12
Uh, didn't anyone even look at the link ( Todd supplied? I did. It is entirely about maintaining anonymity in permissioned blockchains. There is no discussion about subverting or changing the underlying nature of the Bitcoin system. Todd's allegations are malicious and baseless.  I gather Todd has been banned from Reddit before. I call for him to be banned again. (I mistakenly reported the OP, thinking it was Todd himself. Admin: please ignore that.)
@_date: 2016-03-11 00:57:31
The paper's authors state:
"An alternative strategy [to creating its own cryptocurrency] would be for the Central Bank of Barbados to consider mining Bitcoin, but here the costs outweigh the immediate benefits. The cryptographic algorithm that governs the production of new Bitcoin for sale becomes more difficult to solve every time a new Bitcoin is produced. And since the algorithm is using a peer-to-peer technology protocol to manage this process, every accessible mining system is aware of the creation of new Bitcoin by miners. Anecdotally, for the Central Bank of Barbados to competitively enter this space, it would not only need to procure an already expensive expertise and commit considerable investment into rapidly evolving mining technologies, but it would have to endure the already escalating diminishing returns to scale on investment being seen by new mining entrants into the market."
True? 
@_date: 2015-11-03 19:39:14
I think that it needs to be made clear whether or not unconfirmed  transactions are just as good as confirmed ones for certain purposes because the general idea seems to be that the bitcoin blockchain is not fast enough for certain kinds of commercial transactions. For example, at:
 
we read that "Overstock has experimented with other technologies that mimic the blockchain, and the system may move to these technologies in the future. The blockchain may not operate fast enough for real-time trades on the public stock market."
But isn't a bitcoin-transaction published instantly as unconfirmed on the blockchain along with any metadata needed to create a colored coin? Why would confirmation matter, given the fact that it *will* be confirmed within minutes? 
Watch a proof-of-concept video that shows how Visa and DocuSign use the *bitcoin* blockchain to lease cars at:
There is no waiting time for confirmation as each contractual choice-transaction is updated on the blockchain. 
You can read about it at: 
