@_author: kakkoister
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:15:53
Bitcoin is seeing a lot of physical store adoption in India though, the momentum happening there should be enough to keep it growing for a few years at least. They're government is holding discussions on cryptocurrency regulation now.
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:49:49
Servers being in another location doesn't have shit to do with where the business is based. A huge portion of US business have their websites hosted in India or Taiwan, does that make them Taiwan-based businesses? Hell no.
Their business was also registered under a prop-up LLP registered in the UK and filed falsely over and over to avoid being audited, so, red-flag regardless.
@_date: 2017-07-29 04:12:57
Russia has sanctions that prevent them from getting large amounts of money in America, this exchange was used for tonnes of money-laundering which has an effect not just on the states but many countries all over. The US would have been working with several countries on investigations into this and the arrest.
Don't trade and especially STORE coins on an exchange that isn't back by anything and has sketchy ass people behind it.
@_date: 2017-07-29 05:53:52
I'm not even from the USA mate, I'm just telling it like it is. I didn't say anything about them invading Iraq, of course that shit is bullshit, driven by oil money.
But you chose to put your trust in two very unknown russian dudes just because other people were. And even worse, keeping it in an exchange based in god damn Russia, a country with a totalitarian leader and that is rampant with scam after scam, dirty money, and even their own government profiting from such things. And it's been proven Russia has been fucking with the rest of the world's elections in a major way to try and benefit themselves. As someone actually fucking educated about shit going on in the world, I stayed the hell away from that disaster waiting to happen of an exchange.
We don't even know if the FBI has control of the actual exchange, all they did was seize the damn domain name, which is something completely separate from the severs the exchange is hosted on. The other person who has yet to be arrested could easily be running off with the coins.
This could have easily just been them exit-scamming you, then who would you be blaming? The two russian guys.
You chose to put your trust in an exchange that has no obligation to pay you back, unlike some of the more respected exchanges based in more reputable countries. And really, you should be blaming the Russian assholes for using the exchange as a money laundering scheme, not the FBI for fucking catching them.
@_date: 2017-07-29 07:12:52




Choose one.
It can't both be respectable and have such anonymous owners. You need lack of anonymity so there can be transparency and accountability, without those there is no "respectability".


That's what people always think, until they get exit-scammed or the exchange is hacked. You have no valid/logical/factual reason to believe your funds were safe on the exchange of two highly anonymous russian dudes. It was simply an easy option for you so you chose it, you bet your money on it.


Uhh, are you talking about the Deutsche bank scandal? Because that was absolutely justified and not at all "hostile", and it involved the UK and some other countries too. You don't seem to understand that money-laundering is harmful to the world when it's used to subvert restrictions put on countries for their harmful behaviour towards the world and their own citizens. There are heavy sanctions on Russia for damn good reasons, of which should rightfully be on other countries like Saudi Arabia, but money speaks louder than actions unfortunately to a point. Most of these russian companies laundering money outside of the country have direct connections to the so called "government" Russia has, it's how the Russia government gets to continue their shitty behaviour despite the sanctions.


Indeed, the world is about the world, not Russia and your money. Tell Putin to stop shutting down/killing any potential opposition leaders, to stop the persecution and killing of homosexual people, to stop annexing nearby lands and killing many people in the process, to stop fucking with the rest of the world's elections and funding more terror in the middle-east (yes, the US funds some of that shit too, doesn't change the fact it shouldn't be happening, like you said, the world does not revolve around the US, and one country doing something doesn't justify yours doing it too). And as I mentioned, I'm not from the USA, I have no patriotism or bias for that country and wouldn't want to live there.
@_date: 2017-07-29 07:31:10


Cause it's been known the exchange was based in Russia for a long ass time?


I don't think you know what the word means. I am referring to the country of Russia, the governance, not the population. The general population are humans just like everyone else, albeit they have let a totalitarian leader stay in power for far too long, but that is easy to happen when your media is so strongly state controlled.


There have been other options for anyone in any country for a looong time now. But regardless, that in itself is a red-flag if so few exchanges support you being able to get your money onto them, then the ones that do allow you are not going to be very trustworthy or backed by transparent, accountable people. You're choosing then to put your money into a very shady, totally unregulated situation in the hopes of making some profits.


Doesn't matter how long an exchange has been around if there's no god damn transparency or way for there to be any shred of god damn ACCOUNTABILITY. What part of that don't you understand, you put your trust in very unknown persons, way more than any forward thinking person should.


And you call me Xenophobic. The irony. (not that that's actual xenophobia, but it's the same thing you claimed I was being xenophobic with)
Also some nice reading from the prop-up LLP that was made to give imaginary legitimacy to BTC-E, since you ask how we know they are Russian.
Also gotta love the frequent filings for exemption from audit, nothing to hide, nope.
@_date: 2017-07-29 07:49:27
Except being anonymous does not at all help an exchange be reliable.. You seem to be implying that if an exchange has public figures it's going to be targeted by the USA, which is BS, plenty of reliable exchanges around the world with public figures and who follow global trade rules, they are not being shut down because they aren't doing shady shit. Simply as that.


Doesn't change my point. The US intruded to shut down money laundering that is skirting global sanctions and potentially funding very harmful shit that has an impact on real people around the world.
Regulation is important m8, it's how you prevent shit like this from happening, it's how you prevent exchanges from being used as ways to clean money and fund all kinds of atrocities around the world, it's how you create real accountability. Government is not a bad thing, the US government is shitty right now, but regulation as a concept is a good thing, helping protect the poor, assuming you're not electing assholes into your government.


Uh, everything when referring to Russian sanctions and money-laundering behaviour? That became a big part of our discussion dude.


Again, it's not about the people, it's about who you've let stay in power.
Also, bonus: The two people who run the prop-up "ALWAYS EFFICIENT LLP" for BTC-e are based in the African republic of Seychelles, and have been implicated in the Panama Papers.
@_date: 2017-06-05 06:50:48
The price of bitcoin is WAAAAAAY too unstable for them to want to do that yet.