@_author: kalbim
@_date: 2016-06-20 07:30:20
I understand the stance of the poster urging you to get a Lawyer, and they do change the circumstances in situations like this.
But it changes them like this:-
1.) Dopey customer is complaining, if we are in the wrong we might help him.
2.) Customer says hes getting a lawyer, huh interesting.
3.) Customer has a lawyer, pass this to our legal team where we have an entire department to handle this stuff.
4.) Forget about you because the legal team are dealing with it now and it will take months to resolve, your fees will be 10x what you're trying to recover.
Basically, grit your teeth and take the loss. Sorry.
@_date: 2016-06-23 13:21:38
There are entire industries built around BitCoin, why do people piss their pants when it drops a bit? An exchange went down during a retracement, what do you expect to happen?
Pansies. 
@_date: 2016-06-23 07:22:54
Reading on this reddit it is quite clear that almost none of you have any understanding of markets or trading. Even people that are trying to use technical language are missing the grand picture.
I took a little look at the charts for BitCoin, there is a general uptrend and there was a very long period of consolidation during this uptrend, the consolidation broke to the upside. There was a rally because of this, all very standard.
We are now on the retracement, which has bounced off the 50 moving average line which shows the market is still very bullish at this time. The candle stick pattern also confirms this as you have a shooting star formation, which signifies a turn as well.
Based on this the most likely scenario is staring any trader in the face right now, all the movements recently have been totally predictable. Not for "no reason" as some have said or because of "chinese people", it is simply charting.
Another period of consolidation between the new low and old high and a break at some point in the near future. This is most likely to be to the upside because of the general trend.
Either way looking at the areas of support there is no chance BitCoin is going anywhere within at least the next few years.
@_date: 2016-07-04 06:13:21
You stated your credibility at the start of the post, being aware of the existence of BitCoins since the beginning.
Assuming you ARE in fact a trader yourself, for a living, if you are able to predict markets so easily why are you even sitting on reddit making long posts when you should be living on your luxury yacht? It is because you are just guessing, my friend, with zero basis.
If I bought 1000 bitcoins last year, you can imagine I made this figure up, how much money do you think I've made so far? I'd hazard a guess everyone that just read that wishes they had the capital to do that because they know how much I'd have made and wish they did it themselves.
Do you think if I tell another trader about this fact they will want to have a look at BitCoin for themselves?
As far as you can see everyone who would use it is already using it, well what about the international remittance market? They don't use it at all, but they could be and they would have no fees. There's a HUGE market boost.
What about the other traders that don't actually know much about BitCoin yet? There's another huge market boost as more and more begin trading Bitcoins.
What about as more portfolios and hedgefund managers get into bitcoins and allocate a portion of their portfolio?
What about when the next country's economy collapses and they pour their cash into Gold and Silver and....BitCoin?
I really could go on and on and if you look at what the MARKET tells you, BitCoin price is going up quite steadily and has been for the last year. That includes through MANY attempts to stifle its progress.
Even a developer tried to crush it and we are trading at a significantly HIGHER price now.
Your TL/DR is very true, nothing is guaranteed in this world. Good observation, but we can all now call "next...."