@_author: kamelkev
@_date: 2013-07-08 20:01:31
an order number alone is not sufficient to make an entry into the database.
@_date: 2013-07-08 06:03:46
Please. Where is your proof of that claim.
Your posts do not come off as unbiased at all. You clearly are a fanboy of some type, which is fine. However now you are spreading misinformation which is a problem for the community as a whole.
We have added records to this database, and as far as we can tell it's correct. Are there going to be some small mistakes? Yes. Is it "full of bullshit and epeen"? No.
@_date: 2013-07-08 20:01:49
Also that is a good idea what you are doing, we'll see how it goes.
@_date: 2013-07-09 20:14:16
That is hilarious. This dude actually deleted HIS ENTIRE ACCOUNT because I proved that his claims were wrong.
He could have actually done the community some good had he just followed through with his test. Well, at least we are rid of him forever now.
No it appears he just deleted all his posts. Fortunately I can remember his username, which is For future reference he seemingly is a total troll.
@_date: 2013-07-08 21:06:11


I'd guess that one is invalid.
In terms of units themselves, yes, no way to validate those. However if someone already had presented valid date/order, odds are they would have provided accurate order contents as well.
Additionally this thing self validates over time, not instantly. So false records can be added and later recognized.
Personally I rarely see people spend large amounts of personal effort corrupting things unless there is a chance for personal gain, of which there doesn't seem to be a good one here.
Note I'm not claiming that spreadsheet is 100% accurate. I'm claiming that it's more right than wrong.
@_date: 2013-07-08 16:57:42
It's not a poll, and it's self verifiable.
There have been no reports of collisions over tens of thousands of records. Had such reports been made then I would question it more.
However you are suggesting that we instead take the word of someone who has repeatedly lied over this data. Questionable logic in my view.
I initially responded to you because it appeared you were spreading misinformation, and as of right now I'm sure you are. You have produced no information to back up your claims and instead hand wave and pretend to know more than the rest of us.
@_date: 2013-07-08 13:58:37
Haha, so now Josh is a reliable source of information?
@_date: 2013-07-08 19:19:49
Actually anyone who has participated has verified it implicitly. Collisions would be reported, of which we there are none that we are currently aware of.
We added entries, and they fit right into the timeline. The order numbers for ours matched up, as did the ones after. The dates all matched up. Everything appears to be legit here.
It is not verifiable by anyone without an order number of course, but if you aren't a customer then you don't have a vested interest in digging into this anyway.
You are wrong about fake orders, and I'll take a wild guess right now that you aren't in the computer industry. We have literally thousands of semi-random pieces of data that is difficult to fabricate, and magically it's fit together with very few errors. That's either a miracle, or the people contributing the data are telling the truth.
"People have claimed to fake orders" - Citation needed. You seemingly do a lot of this upon reviewing your post history. You make up claims and then act as if they are facts. Until you provide evidence that can be reviewed we'll have to just ignore the claims you make.
"I could easily fake an order and you would never know." Ok prove it. Go ahead and report back on the procedure, and then we can start critically looking at the order spreadsheet. Until then it's just speculation and likely misinformation.
"In fact, how about you assume that I have faked thousands of orders in order to dissuade others from ordering?"
Logic dude. Logic. I have orders, my friends have orders. We put them into the spreadsheet and *everything lines up*. The orders before and after mine are numbered right. The orders of my friends line up. The dates all line up. You need to think about what you are claiming - what you are declaring as fact does not make logical sense. Entering fake orders into the database is possible, however over time there would be collisions indicated it had been compromised - no such reports have been raised.
In any case I don't need to argue with you anymore, your post has been down-voted and the misinformation is now obscured which was my goal.
@_date: 2013-07-08 06:04:06
That's when BTC prices started to go through the freaking roof.