@_author: kamitue
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:29:14
Unpopular opinion, but all the FUD is being indirectly caused by the HODL and investment crowd.  Currently people buy bitcoin because they are hoping to cash out for USD when the price goes up.  If people used Bitcoin as currency, rather then a stock (Meaning, they spent it instead of "HODLing"), then there wouldn't be as much FUD since people wouldn't be obsessing over their portfolios and making their money back.
As long as Bitcoin is valued only by how much you can trade it for in USD, it will be a speculative market vulnerable to FUD.  It's future as a currency is dependent upon people spending it for services, not holding or cashing in for USD.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:42:53
Bitcoin is also poorly programmed, inefficient, and has slow transaction times.
Crypto is the future, but Bitcoin likely isn't.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:21:47
I'm 95% certain your "harsh" response is based on the fact that you are freaking out over the large recent drop in your BTC portfolio, and that your rant is more or less you giving yourself a pep-talk. 
Perhaps I was too "harsh" when I said poorly programmed.  BTC is beautifully programmed, but it's quickly being outdated by coins that are just objectively superior in their mining algorithms. 
I'm not entirely sure you understand Crypto, given that you think lightning will fix all of it's problems.  The process of mining BTC is incredibly inefficient.  It's for that reason that the overwhelming majority of miners are moving from BTC to ETH, as the current ROI is much higher for ETH.  In fact, mining ETH is over four times more profitable then mining BTC despite the price disparity (ETH/BTC is also increasing, despite the drop).  You can confirm this with even rudimentary research.  If we are determined to make coins obtainable through mining, then it's survival is determined based on the profitability of mining that coin.    Simply put, BTC is no longer profitable to mine due to it's inherent inefficiencies.  
The wasted power is due to BTC's proof of work system, which I desperately hope you understand if you are going to be complaining about "research".  BTC advocates will argue that this is necessary, but more efficient systems (both more efficient Proof of Work systems, and new systems like Proof of stake) are already being designed.   These mechanisms reduce the change of monopolization, decrease transaction fees, and increase mining efficiency.  BTC's (and most alt-coins) proof of work system is ingenious, but it is hardly the "pinnacle" of design.  You are deceiving yourself if you think otherwise.  I'll even grant that Proof of Stake has issues, but not nearly as much.
BTC is "programmable" currency, but it still has limitations based on the initial way it was programmed and mined.  Lighning network or no, this will hold BTC back and other coins will always be able to achieve better transaction rates long term.
I love BTC, I thought it was fascinating when it came out to read up on mining it and how it worked.  But it's not the pinnacle of crypto technology, and it hasn't been for a long time.  Stop worrying about your portfolio for a moment and appreciate just how far the technology has come.  Even if you don't think "shit-coins" will last (I agree that most probably won't), you have to at least appreciate all the improvements many of them have they've made to the original concept and algorithms.   The whole Cryptocurrency market right now is so exciting, regardless of the coins actual worth.  I'm not going to pretend to be an expert, so I encourage you to do your own research (I assume you already have done some), and you should at least do some digging into the differences between crypto algorithms even if you have no plans to invest in the "shit-coins." 
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:44:51
I honestly expect some form of US certified Crypto to exist at some point.  It's a clean way to track currency (through blockchain) and secure transactions.  However, it will undoubtedly be a non-mineable variety.  The only issue is it won't have stock value like Bitcoin does, so people will use the coin but not invest in it.
It will also probably suck, since the government is notoriously inefficient and they would try to sneak in back-channels (i.e. security flaws) that would backfire miraculously.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:50:01
You only feel bad about buying above 10k if you were still holding before it dropped below 10k.   Nothing wrong with selling at a profit, even if it's not as large as you hoped.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:44:45
Well put.  Bitcoin stopped being a viable currency the moment people started HODLing for Lambos instead of spending it like currency.  It's future as a currency under it's current state is contentious at best.   I believe that Crypto is the future, but we have to find our way past this speculators bubble first.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:38:32
I thought it was an interesting idea for a decentralized currency, and still do. However, most people these days treat it like a stock that they hope to get rich off, which I genuinely don't understand at all. Sure, some lucky people will get rich, but that shouldn't be the appeal of Bitcoin.