@_author: kamkambambam
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:15:28
Are you actually wanting to set up a digital wallet platform for your customers?  
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:02:59
So, I've been doing research for an academic project, and one of the things I've confirmed is that companies such as your Hilton example have mostly held off from the development of crypto acceptance simply because there hasn't been proof of the strong crypto winners for the future.  Hiltons and other long-standing companies don't look at tomorrow - they look 10 - 20 years ahead and make a predictive analysis of what actions today will cause what effects then.  There are two main issues at play here - the first is that if the Hilton was to internally develop for BTC and create the integrated front end of a user experience onto their BTC processing platform, they run the risk of crypto \[unknown\] emerging as the dominant commercial use coin.  Then another development must occur - rinse and repeat for each new blockchain that comes down the line - this complicates their development and exponentially complicates their integration structure and puts the sanctity of the code at risk - not to mention all the KYC/AML issues that must be taken into consideration.  This occurs with 3rd party solutions as well - but in different ways.  Hilton wouldn't want to lock themselves in with a 3rd party solution provider which then lags behind in the development of new blockchain integrations - causing Hilton to lose out.    
However, it's interesting to note, that in my research I've stumbled across a company which appears to have created a unique solution to this whole interoperability problem and offer, what appears to be on the surface a 3rd party solution - but it's not.  After digging into this a bit, turns out it's a middleware which would allow (again in your example) Hilton to create a front end that enables the acceptance of every single blockchain network - in a single wallet.  
I'm not a tech, and I don't know the code behind this - but with the adoption of middleware enabling platforms such as this one - you can expect to see an explosion on the use of cryptos in commerce.  
Omnigate Systems Inc is the company I'm talking about [ 