@_author: kanaas
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:09:24
unless you look  and  - One of the most useful cases for the blockchain is payments and trading and Ripple has it all - distributed, safe and DDoS protected, with settlement in 5 seconds, close to real-time, cross-currency - designed for crypto AND fiat, integrated super efficient exchange for every thinkable currency and asset, auto-bridging over XRP, store of value in XRP for those wanting to be independent secured from any form of counter-party.... and with 6K transactions per sec on today's hardware even more scaling capacity than SWIFT...
@_date: 2015-06-09 09:34:47
Really? I think that means and options for payments are driven by 3 forces: consumers, merchants and money transmitters, facilities (banks, creditcards, online systems ..)
What do consumers want?: Instant payments, no hassle no extra costs
What do merchants want?: instant secure payments, irreversibility and no or low costs
What do transmitters want?: payments systems that are secure, manageable, low cost, supporting cross (fiat) currency, reliable ...
And yes, I miss a new (crypto)currency in this story. But if you read (and understand!) what Ripple has to offer... well it's all there or coming around the corner ... 
And oh yes, if some of those parties should need a new intermediate currency, Ripple has an integrated one as well...
I do understand why banks not only look at Ripple but also want to give it a try as well...
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:48:03
Never mind about credentials.... When talking Bitcoin and Blockchain credentials do not matter as long as you can talk whatever "positive" crap  ....
@_date: 2014-10-01 13:50:47
same counts for Bitcoin - You call it property, but if trust disappears, it loses value (what happens now from +500 to 375 in just a few days) and becomes vapor.. Why? Lack of trust? Actually ALL virtuals holding value (paper, accounts, crypto, ...) are based on trust... If I look at the stats and graphs then I've more trust in fiat ....
@_date: 2015-05-23 21:11:27
When they say Blockchain they almost always mean Ripple ....
@_date: 2015-05-31 07:01:53
It only shows how weak Bitcoin actually is in its core and in the way it is maintained &amp; ongoing developed. The combination Ripple &amp; Ripple Labs works a lot better, that core is better maintained, ongoing developed by a strong team and has its instant settlement, cross currency advantages  --- Forget Bitcoin and join forces 
@_date: 2015-03-18 10:34:56
When you tell facts as they are - than its not a lie. For investors it's even more fair to be honest about the "potential" market cap and "potential" dilutions that can depress the price per unit. They were always very clear on what XRP were in the market and those that were reserved.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 10:26:04
Hi all.
If I understand it all here, it's a yes/no fight between believers in 2 different type of cryptocurrency systems - Around one quote-question: "Is there a need for a new currency on Earth?" The Ripple believers say no, and explain why - The Bitcoin family say yes ... ? 
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:41:20
Indeed, but you do forget one thing: email changed the way how we communicate, faster, more convenient, cheaper .... But it did NOT changed the LANGUAGE. Email NEVER could go mainstream if we had to adapt for another language like for instance "esperanto".
Same counts for cryptocurrencies. Sending a micro/macro payments by the web sounds really great. But when you can do it with the currency that you're used to, than we may talk about the potential of a killer app. The hoarding, saving, speculating in crypto are only nice add-on's for the common users on the real innovative of crypto: communicating value, instant and nearly for free....
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:15:51
Not only confusing. While the invention of Bitcoin is fantastic and even huge, it does have flaws that are countered by other protocols. First flaw is that it's not so easy to use it in a world where where it had to coexist with fiat. The second being the not really instant settlement of transactions. And than there is the third one where investors in Bitcoin painting it way to much as a currency before it's real genius: the technology, protocol of value moving and storing.
For me, all those flaws are solved by Ripple. It fits marvelous in the world of fiat but still has its internal virtual asset (XRP) for those wanting to save without any counter-party risk. It's even nicer than this: those XRP are at use on the fly as fiat as well. The internal exchange takes care for that. It makes Ripple the best of both worlds. It can act as a bank for IOUs on fiat (just like your bank does today) and it's a distributed ledger for virtual coins without counter-party risk. What the exact value of XRP is or ever may be is difficult to predict. It sure will correlate with the usage of the protocol. But with the protocol at use: XRP least CAN have an estimated value.
Bitcoin, when just used as a store of value is a lot more difficult to forecast, because the use cases for the protocol are to much flawed. IOW there is not one single incentive to estimate any level of valuation. Volatility is king and one Bitcoin can go as high as 10000 but also as low as 0. At a certain day, the market will definitely opt for he last. Obviously.
Want to place a bet in crypto? My advice: make it a small one and put it on XRP.   