@_author: karlthemartian
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:00:27
When setting up the system and performing biometric enrollment, the user sets a backup password which allows them to get in without the biometric. This should be a very strong password that is stored offline for the rare time it is needed. 
It's worth mentioning that we at Nymi do not believe that a biometric technology can be the single silver bullet for authentication. Biometrics are useful tools when used appropriately -- in our case, the benefit of ECG is that it's closely tied to the body and cannot be copied (skimmed) and replicated (spoofed) with the same ease as a fingerprint or other common biometrics. But the Nymi band is a multi-factor system which also depends on the possession of your own particular wristband as well as another device on which you install our companion app. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 22:26:04
Hi there, I'm the CEO of Nymi. I'm happy to answer any questions you have, but thought I'd reply to your comments as you bring up a number of points that people might be thinking about.


Which images are you referring to? Our ECG capture system is a finely tuned sensor using a ECG-specific ASIC from TI, along with custom digital filters. Displayed ECG does not reflect the fidelity of the internal signal representation.


We talk about the fact that heart characteristics (e.g., size, orientation, etc.) affect the ECG morphology (this is the underlying principle of ECG biometrics). We do not claim that we can classify the heart characteristics from the morphology -- this is not the purpose of our system.


It's true that the general biological functions that give rise to the ECG signal are common. It is also true that the variations of the human body create unique and consistent features in the ECG signal for each person. This was an observation made decades ago, which ultimately led to a whole field of research that is ECG biometric recognition. To get a sense of the amount of research out there, here is a survey paper from 2012: Odinaka, et al, [ECG Biometric Recognition: A Comparative Analysis](


See above. On a general note, researchers are constantly on the lookout for physiological or behavioural traits that are:
a) consistent (i.e., relatively permanent) for each person; and
b) unique between people
If there is a trait that has this set of characteristics, it can potentially be used for biometric recognition. The ECG falls into this category (and, as the paper above indicates, plenty of researchers have been doing this for years now). The challenge is how to consistently extract those features when there are also natural variations (e.g., in the case of ECG, one of the variations is heart rate), and is also among other features that are common to all people (but this is less of an issue as machine learning algorithms filter out these features). We have a unique set of algorithms that does this. It's not that different from other biometrics -- all biometric have to deal with variations in the captured signal, as well as common features that are not useful for identity recognition. 


An interesting research question! You may be surprised at the kinds of insight you can gather when you capture signals of sufficient fidelity. Consider the old days of forensic investigation where variations in typewriters were used to identify who wrote a particular letter. This is not terribly different from modern research into biometrics.
We are very open about how our system works and happy to have it scrutinized. Keep the questions coming!
-Karl Martin
@_date: 2014-12-31 06:04:25
The information that can be derived from the visual variations of the human body seems to only be the heart beat/rate. This offers very little or no discriminating information when it comes to identity authentication. The features of the ECG that we use for identity authentication are not known to be reflected visually on the human body. In short, we do not believe that visual data captured at a distance can be used as an attack vector.