@_author: karmadragon
@_date: 2015-06-24 10:30:29
I want to point out another tactic I noticed, which is straight out of the Fox News/MSM playbook: 
When an issue has a large consensus, say 90% agreement and 10% opposition, the 10% will generate  *a lot* of noise and demand at least 50% equal representation in the debate, in order to distort an otherwise unanimous agreement into heavy contention.
This tactic has been used substantially to twist any debate about global warming issues, see [Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Climate Change Debate](
I definitely believe that raising the block limit is not a heavily contentious issue. The majority of hashpower have already signed an agreement to that effect, and most major bitcoin services/exchanges have also pledged support. However, this subreddit has been dominated by silly arguments and baseless conjecture for many weeks now.
Something fishy is going on.
@_date: 2014-09-05 07:27:50
This system is meant for infrequent low-risk trades between strangers. There are better trading methods for business with higher volume.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:57:59
I don't think this is entirely accurate. When configured properly, Tor encrypts all traffic between your client and the endpoint. The router will only see the encrypted traffic.
If you use an unencrypted connection, then it can be eavesdropped by anyone on the network.
@_date: 2014-07-05 23:37:33
The key word here is **fiat** currencies.
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:15:29
Those things were around for generations before, and arguably in **much** better condition. I don't think this is a strong argument.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:09:48
Sorry I don't get your point. Inflation is priced into my whopper when BK raises it by 10 cents. I'm still paying an extra 10 cents.
Your bitcoin loses value after every blockchain reward. Nothing changes that.
@_date: 2014-09-05 23:05:14


It wont work for every type of transaction 100% of the time. There are obvious limits where, depending on who you're dealing with over what amounts, the outcome becomes too unpredictable and risky.
But for the vast majority of simple low-risk transactions between complete strangers, it works quite beautifully.


That is a separate problem that would probably require its own solution, such as reputation-risk or third-party arbitration.
@_date: 2014-07-11 04:04:52


I made a peer to peer client for decentralized trade, which seems to be the first of its kind (*not entirely true, see [BitHalo]( For those afraid of malicious software, you can download a [VMware image]( that allows you to immediately start trading. It contains Windows XP (*likely cracked*), the client and entire BTC blockchain. To run VMware images, use the official [VMware program](
You can download the [windows binaries]( and the [source]( is available on GitHub(requires python 2.7 and pyqt).
Now for the details:
While this isn't the first application that claims to be a decentralized marketplace, all other known development (*according to author*) is based on a service that requires a third party, which can be influenced to steal your money. Third party moderation may also remove your goods/services, or even lose access to your funds. This kind of platform can't work.
 My trading platform is based on the bitmessage network, allowing it to be fully decentralized and anonymous:
* All transactions are handled in the form of escrow, secured with multisig 2-2. 
* Each transaction uses 3 seperate m​ulti-sig addresses. One holds the primary funds, and the other two hold a collateral from each party.
* When a buyer wants to initiate a trade, 5% of the trade value is sent as collateral to one of the addresses. 
* Once this transaction is verified, the seller also sends 5% as collateral to the second address.
* After both transactions are verified, the buyer transfers 100% of payment to the third address.
* Each side is given a key for each address, but you need to reach an agreement (using both keys) to access the funds.
Payments are held indefinitely until an agreement is reached, which incentives both parties to complete the deal. If the buyer is satisfied with the trade, his 5% deposit is returned, while the seller receives payment plus their own returned deposit. By requiring some form of collateral from both parties, extortion scenarios should not be profitable for the seller, and the buyer should be motivated to reach an agreement if satisfied with the product or service.
What to expect from this version:
* The ability to create, sign, or cancel a trade. 
* Anonymous communication, and few other wallet functions.
* You can test the security. Client works through bitcoin-qt.  
* The BitXBay client will control transactions to you Bitcoin-Qt wallet (*goes without saying, use a disposable wallet for this*)
* The blockchain in the folder btc \ block. Btc folder should be there where you unpack BitXBay.
* If you find any bugs or security issues, please [post them here](
* Theoretically, BitXBay should be resistant to spam, flooding, unscrupulous sellers, government bans and main developer elimination.
* BitXPay is released as open source, so you can modify it how you want.
Update June 10, 2014
The first fully working version is ready. Consider this an unofficial alpha and use it at your own risk, preferably on a virtual machine. Any problems can be viewed through the bitcoin-qt console. If you need help diagnosing issues via the console, necessary, [post here]( and I'll try to offer a solution.
About the functionality:
This program uses the decentralized bitmessage network to transmit messages, send multi-sig keys, transaction ids, broadcast trade offers and provide anonymous communication. The BitXPay client joins a special 'channel' where anyone can view or place trade offers. This channel cannot be moderated. To combat spam and flooding, each message is signed with your wallet address, which the client uses to filter trades based on custom search criteria. You can filter trades by payment, location, and category (which anyone can create, but duplicates are ranked on trade activity). There's also a search function. The "decentralized trade" tab will list all offers posted by sellers. (offers are only visible when you download the full blockchain, but I plan to eliminate this restriction in future versions).
Since this is the first release and unofficial alpha, the interface is poor and there are still many bugs/flaws. But if I can gather at least some money for development, I can continue to work on this project, and possibly even hire additional developers to greatly improve the program.


You can easily buy any product using escrow. You just have to click on a link "buy" you will be redirected to another tab and can create an escrow transaction. Be careful and do not go to any persuasions seller to confirm the deal until you get and do not check the goods. Just to buy something you have to have 105% of the 5% goods cost an insurance premium, which is returned to you if the transaction is successful, the seller also makes 5% of the transaction amount.
So you can easily contact the seller using anonymous bitmessage(in messaging tab or just click contact).
I hope that such a combo of anonymous and decentralized services will create a new generation trading platform.
Now the program is slow and you have to download the whole chain of blocks, and it takes a lot of disk space and may take several days.
Source code is available to everyone, and I cant control system. But the idea is that the person who paid more to his ad was higher probably a good seller, it is further guaranteed via escrow system. 
Escrow without intermediaries has its drawbacks, but guarantees the declared value of the goods and the proper execution of the order. But most importantly, no one can get your money, as in the case of escrow through an intermediary, the intermediary can tricky to reach agreement with the seller and get your money. Of the minuses if the seller or the buyer loses control of the purse, the deal is likely to be disrupted.
If you want to test sell functions don't close bitxbay about 1 hour or more after place offer.  It is best not to turn off the client as long as possible after any actions. Apologies for the inconvenience, but I did not have time to do the necessary good multithreading and windows warnings. In the near future I will try to improve usability.
If the escrow deal is completed but you do not see the money start bitcoin-qt with "-rescan -datadir=%directory btc in bitxbay folder%" or just wait few days.
Sometimes message, sent a very long time, in this case, the only method is to simply wait until the client will handle all. May be more then one day. This happens if someone on the network sends a large number of huge messages(about 400mb). And it's not a bug in my code and the problem in the source bitmessage. It can be resolved.
@_date: 2014-06-26 04:32:28
Having 51% of the network does not mean you suddenly control the entire payment system and how it runs and operates at all levels. There are no comparisons to Paypal, not even at 100% hashrate.
@_date: 2014-07-13 13:04:15
What FinCEN and State paperwork do you need to fill out in CA, exactly? I was under the impression that this was a vending machine, not a complete exchange platform that falls under FinCEN regulations.
Do you need to fill out paperwork to sell gift cards? You are only selling BTC for cash, and not the other way around (which then becomes a much bigger deal). Have you heard differently?
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:14:21
Lost bitcoins are forever gone from circulation, while lost gold (or any other property) can still be reclaimed. Miners might accept some form of redistribution that went back to them.
@_date: 2014-09-01 05:28:08
That's a great attitude to have. Thank you for being so awesome!
5000 bits
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:58:09
I stand corrected. :-P
@_date: 2014-12-14 08:49:55
That "additional security" is what grows the network to keep up with Moore's law and increased incentives to attack. What you call a "nice benefit" is literally a key component of the protocol's design.
@_date: 2014-09-07 02:27:42
That's because one is a buttcoin troll and the other 3 are throwaway accounts. They are fake comments.
@_date: 2014-07-10 01:48:52


I mean no offense when I say this, but there is a lot of ignorance in the above statement. I don't know if you were meaning to be sarcastic.
There's popular quotes throughout history of people saying these same types of comments in the face of technical evolution. Like when people were dismissive of cars replacing horses, or phones replacing telegraphs, or a computer in every household. Those people look very silly and close-minded in the eyes of history.
@_date: 2014-07-10 10:24:15


But others have already tried, and failed. We understand why they failed, designed a system to avoid that failure, and so far it works.
People have a hard time understanding why they should regress back to a failed system in spite of the new one that demonstrably fixes those failures.
Edit: Also, Realcoin seems like an attempt to sell the soul of Bitcoin to make a quick deal with the devil.
Maybe America's forefathers could have avoided revolting against the British, had they abandoned all their beliefs and independence. He who trades liberty for a little security.. oh nevermind.
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:13:10
The mining hardware business is so rife with fraud, and it seems very few companies involved in building ASICs are interested in selling the hardware without exploiting it first. You may already understand the dangers of buying miners, but my warning to you is be ***very careful*** which company you do business with.
That being said, I think you are better off asking this question in other communities. I would suggest:
* * [Mining - Bitcointalk.org](
* [Marketplace - Bitcointalk.org](
@_date: 2014-09-12 05:58:37
I think having centralization and manipulation points is unavoidable for an alt-coin aimed at governments. The goal would be to minimize those points as much as possible, to where they are absolutely necessary to appease to a government's interest for controlling the economy.
Compared to the traditional regulations and institutions in place, there is a lot of room for improvement. It wouldn't be perfect, though.
@_date: 2014-06-26 03:57:01
Hello. I'm a user and big advocate for Bitcoin and my friend is HUGE advocate for MMA. He trains and has a membership at our UFC Gym branch, hangs out with a few fighters, grabs nearly every MMA PPV, and grabbed tickets to see Krokov and all the other matches at the renovated Forum last week.
If that means anything to you, I'd love to help out and get some better exposure for you and Bitcoin. 
I think the best thing to do is use an [escrow service]( to hold the funds until you collect a certain amount. I would also setup an account at [coinbase.com]( and post the address for public donations. That way you have the option to convert some (or all) of the donations to USD if you need to.
If you want more help with the details, let me know and I'll send you my e-mail info.
@_date: 2014-07-05 18:58:37


I started typing out a different response, but deleted it and will just simply say this instead: You can read all  about the things you mentioned in the [Development &amp; Technical Discussion]( section on the bitcointalk forums. Just do a search and you will find many technical posts discussing these issues, their potential threat, and solutions. If you want honest and detailed answers, that is where you will find them.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:42:05
You conveniently left out a few facts:
* A 2% fee is not the norm for most merchants.
* That low of a fee is *only* for swipe transactions with the physical card.
* Many retail merchant contracts charge monthly fees.
* Many retail merchant contracts also charge *flat* fees that discourage small purchases (unless you're a large company with bargaining power).
* Point-of-Sale software with merchant gateway integration is not cheap.
* Online merchant gateways that integrate into webstores are not free, and definitely not offering you 2%.
* You forgot to mention chargebacks.
* You also forgot to mention costs in meeting PCI DSS compliance, especially for custom applications.
* You left out all the predatory rates on APR, cash back, balance transfers, account membership, and many other fraudulent practices that required a presidential order and action of congress to shut down.
* You also left out that rewards programs almost always have limitations, and require you to be complicit in the massive data mining and selling of your information to marketing agencies.
* You didn't mention how these credit companies also make money on bundling your debt into diced-up securities packages which are fraudulently sold on financial markets with misrepresented risk assessments.
* Your right to use credit is ruled by three powerful agencies that don't give a fuck about you.
* It's really easy for unethical merchants to be a dick and ruin your credit. Have fun disputing it.
* It's also really easy for someone to steal your information through a payment processor and ruin your life. Good luck fixing that too.
* Also, the government can decide to be a dick and shutdown your account, with hold all your funds, and even take away your rewards points. See Operation choke point.
But I guess if you ignore all those other things, a 10% discount for avoiding credit cards *does* seem a little crazy.
Edit: I forgot about a few things.
@_date: 2014-09-01 05:15:17


It should in theory, but I don't know how well that translates into real market behavior. The price is ultimately set by what people "feel", and I don't understand how the market can quantify a small amount of burned coins in the grand scheme of things.
If someone buries their gold treasure then dies before relatives can find the map.. does that really affect the global price of gold? If only a few relatives share knowledge of that gold being lost forever?
Charity is an immediate and easily quantifiable benefit, whereas proof of burn is a relatively new concept with an unknown reality. It still feels like such a waste of coins.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:41:01


You can be banned for voting and commenting in a subreddit visited through an np. link, even though you are a member of that subreddit community. I have done it by accident sometimes, and though I catch myself, it might go unnoticed for others which can lead to a shadowban.
Another common shadowban is over Reddit's self-promotion policies, which is definitely not agreed upon by many subreddits and has caused a lot of controversy.
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:37:14
Your post seems to based on a lot of hyperbole, negativity and rhetorical questions, so I don't know if you are expecting an honest answer or if is leaking.


Bitcoin went to $1000+ in December with a 'whopping $62 million' volume because wealthy entities were using it to subvert capital controls and funnel ***a fuckton*** of trapped money out of China. PBOC then came out and (rightfully) shut it all down, causing BTC price to snap back and then stabilize at the current volume.


Because the people that know to 'buy and hodl' have already done so, and the price reflects that. Rome wasn't built in a day, the internet wasn't built in a week, and bitcoin certainly isn't going to hit mass adoption within a couple years. These things take time to develop, and it usually comes in waves. The current wave of people have already placed their bets, and are waiting for the next wave of adoption to happen. This will likely be when the first bitcoin ETF beings public trading on the NYSE.
It's alright if you don't understand these things, as many here are more than willing to offer education and advice on different aspects of bitcoin, historical or technical.
However, you come off as someone who has been waiting for the price to take a slight dip, so you can burst through the doors and scream "Ha! I told you so!" while posting a bunch of numbers both out of context and with ignorance of the facts behind them. It makes your post come off as a silly rant that has no constructive value.
@_date: 2014-07-15 08:36:19
Just remember that a lot of these misinformed people are possible victims of manipulation:
Their negative opinions are fragile and should easily break if we offer them the truth in a kind, respectful, and patient manner. 
But watch out for certain individuals who are being deliberately obtuse or rhetorical. They might be bad actors. A sad reality of our time. Don't get baited by them!
@_date: 2014-12-14 08:34:38


The block reward amount doesn't determine the incentive to mine; The value of a bitcoin does. The reward can halve and still be worth mining, or triple and become worthless. All that matters is whether the miners can cover their costs and make a profit.
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:16:15
I don't know the full list, but I believe virtually all of them. He buys in bulk from the banks at direct rates, and keeps the most common on-hand, but can special order less common currencies on top of that.
@_date: 2014-09-05 05:46:03


To come into this thread and make the bold claim this system doesn't *actually* work, when it's already been implemented in software (which you probably haven't tried) and then present a very weak argument (which has already been debunked before, if not in the whitepaper directly).. are you honestly looking for an intelligent response? I don't understand.
@_date: 2014-07-13 20:52:39
This is interesting because it technically means any video game that sells its own virtual currency is considered a money transmitter, or any store that sells gift cards. There's just no way these guidelines would ever hold up in a high enough court of law.
But I don't have the time or money to legally challenge such deep pockets!
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:45:53
'Lost coins' seems like an interesting topic to me and maybe something that might be changed in the future. If gold is lost or someone dies without any heirs, that gold never vanishes.
It would be interesting if there was some mechanism for reintroducing lost coins back into circulation, either through a different form of mining, or through some sort of storage fee system.
@_date: 2014-09-12 18:04:57


I know you're being intentionally passive-aggressive but the Bank of England [literally just released a report that answers your question in detail.](
@_date: 2014-09-07 05:52:03
That's a good question. I don't know of any other way at the moment, but with so many fake accounts infiltrating this subreddit I will look into it.
@_date: 2014-07-13 12:01:11
GHash.io should go die in a fire.
That being said, it was a pretty sweet video. I liked it.
@_date: 2014-07-07 08:24:05
Always use a VPN, with a public firewall profile that blocks all incoming ports not required to establish the network connection and VPN. If you don't have a VPN available, use can also use TOR.
@_date: 2014-09-01 16:58:49
I would like to see more real evidence of proof of burn having a measurable effect outside of forced perception. The theories I have read (so far) assume humans behave like quantum particles and are incredibly unrealistic.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:08:23
There's nothing Bitstamp can do about the policies of your bank. Plus, they are based in the UK, so if you are a US resident then I would recommend using Coinbase instead.
@_date: 2014-07-06 04:07:12


It sounds so ominous when you put it that way. They are splitting your existing shares by 14x, so you will hold the same value of shares, but a single share will be closer to representing 1GH in power.
@_date: 2014-09-10 18:28:09
The minimum fee for low-priority transactions is 0.0001 BTC.
@_date: 2014-07-18 11:34:54
Cash by itself doesn't give you unrestricted access to all the financial products technology can offer.
Bitcoin does.
@_date: 2014-07-02 01:22:46
Well I choose to not argue at all and just stick to the facts.


It is a common logical fallacy to argue what doesn't cost an individual has no cost at all.
Edit: [Gratis versus libre]( touches on this but I'd like to source a better example. The zero fees in this case is *gratis*, where the immedaite benefit may be of no direct cost to you, but it certainly isn't free.
Edit2: Also see [Assurance Contracts]( and the [Free Rider problem]( which delve into the psychology of using blockchain rewards to incentivize zero-fee transactions.
@_date: 2014-08-06 13:20:13
I meant dollars in BTC, which is what was stated in the emails posted.
The service reps were trying to help you with the 2FA issue. I wouldn't consider your hostility and impatience towards as doing everything to fix the issue.
Unless there's more to this story that isn't posted, Coinbase doesn't seem to be the unreasonable party here. You agreed to certain terms to do business with coinbase, and that includes accepting their security practices (which you really should be more thankful for).
The fact is that without a phsycial branch for you to walk into and verify your identity, it is trivial to steal a person's information (including a scan of their license) and pose as them to coinbase tech support. It is for these reasons that 2FA exists, and why you have to follow their specific security procedures (which you agreed to!) in order to remove it or otherwise bypass it.
The fact that you seem to fail to grasp the entire purpose of the 2FA protection (which again, you agreed to) while acting unessecarily difficult and hostile towards those trying to genuinely help you through the process, it seems very suspicious.
Edit: If you had a keylogger on your computer, an attacker could easily acquire all the information you are offering to Coinbase. The one roadblock stopping them from logging into your account or impersonating you in front of tech support, is the 2FA. That is why its such a big deal.
@_date: 2014-07-11 19:20:24


This is not accurate. They are piggybacking off the Mastercoin protocol (which causes it's own set of issues for bitcoin), which is technically blockchain-agnostic.
What is stopping Realcoin from flooding the bitcoin network with transactions (using mastercoin), then using it as justification for moving to a different blockchain? Mastercoin is a protocol layer that separates Realcoin from Bitcoin, which can technically migrate to *any* blockchain.


I specifically stated it was Real**coin**, without using any hyperbole.
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:46:40
The fact of the matter is there's a limited amount of damage you can do with a 51% attack (or 33, or 25), and the cost of doing such an attack does not have any rational benefit for an actor inside the system. The attacks are difficult to prevent from a protocol standpoint, but are very costly to perform, very easy to spot, difficult to succeed, and have a terrible cost/benefit.
That being said, selfish miners are a big issue, but there is a workable solution: Decentralized mining pools. This is what p2pool aims to solve, and miners can be given an incentive to join p2pool through the use of donations (which pad the block rewards).


[Ghash.Io already got caught]( trying to perform double-spend attacks. With better awareness, development and donations for p2pool, this can be a solved problem. Worst case scenario, the value of bitcoin (and every miner's profits) is threatened to an extent that enough will agree to a hard fork of the protocol and blockchain. It has happened before.
@_date: 2014-07-02 00:11:09
Your link redirects straight to deflation, where the only mention of disflation is to tell me I was redirected to deflation. There's no other mention of disflation in the article, and google doesn't really understand what disflation is either?
Do you have any other sources I can read?
Edit: Oh, you mean Dis**in**flation. Bit of a typo, but I see what you mean now. Sorry for the confusion on my part. Even wiki says:


@_date: 2014-09-05 03:28:58


What are the teaching goals of the class and how would you profile the people attending? Is it a bunch of college kids that have aspirations to start a business? We could give better feedback by understanding your expected audience a little better.
@_date: 2014-07-02 00:07:16
You popped my changetip cherry. :-) Thanks!
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:17:11
Why is that? Can you elaborate?
@_date: 2014-12-14 01:05:07
A lot of people don't understand there's a direct correlation between the price of bitcoin and the strength of the network.
@_date: 2014-07-05 02:19:49
This post isn't about p2pool, though. I think it's better to stay on topic, as this proposal is asking to **double** the dividend payout, if I'm reading it correctly. P2Pool is another topic that deserves its own thread.
@_date: 2014-09-05 02:14:45


It's not that easy. There is nothing in any nations history that shows this to be easy. Every government goes through a lot of bread and circuses to shake down their constituents for tax money. The British tried skipping the theatrics once, and we know what happened next.
By the way, do you honestly report your "use" taxes to the IRS from shopping online?
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:15:38


While I agree with the point you are making and also think it is great, the fee is technically not zero. The inflation rate caused by block rewards is a hidden fee shared by all bitcoin transactions until the total 21 million coins are mined.
Edit: Just to clarify for those that don't understand: Zero-fee transactions are made possible by the incentives of mining for the blockchain reward. The cost of providing that reward is an inflationary rate on the currency as new coins are introduced into the money supply. [Here is a chart of the projected inflationary curve of BTC]( based on the designed distribution of blockchain rewards over time. I think this system design is genius, and deserves to be better recognized and understood. I hope my explanation makes sense. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 18:06:31
The blockchain relies on incentives for the work required to secure it. Money is the most basic incentive, but others can be used. Storj uses a money incentive, but also storage space.
@_date: 2014-08-28 19:12:07


That part is not fractional reserve banking. That is fraud. Money is never created at any point in a fractional reserve.
While I won't disagree that current banks *are* fraudulently creating money from nothing, it has nothing to do with a fractional reserve.
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:14:36


Then it becomes a loan, which has its own set of risks, and should require stricter verification of identity, reputation, and assets. Possibly some insurance underwritten by a third party (similar to any other loan).
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:03:19
The idea is that the donations and transaction fees, in addition to the block rewards, increases the profitability of mining under a p2pool node enough that miners are enticed into switching out of natural greed.
It's not my original idea but I really liked it after reading about it!
@_date: 2014-09-12 17:40:41


I don't think the government is a collective hive mind, though, where everybody is in equal agreement on how to be corrupt. There are people at the top of the hierarchical structure, who are given the power to govern, however any corruption below their rank doesn't necessarily give them more power than they already have.
If you could guarantee there are fewer positions of power open to human corruption, as opposed to *all* of it, then the people in those positions would likely be in huge favor of that change. Their authority still exists, but they also have power over a more stable system by removing the power of those below them.
@_date: 2014-09-05 06:48:55
In that case I wouldn't focus too much on the technical details. Bitcoin is still in it's infancy, so just be reasonable and present what the currency can do for businesses now, what it *can't* do, and how it can be expected to grow in the future.
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:24:17


Price increases follow inflation because the currency loses value. Increased costs, decreased spending power. Potato, potahto, we both understand how it works, so we shouldn't bother arguing semantics.


Edit: I replied before you edited in the second bit, but I want to respond to this: It is a fact that Bitcion is designed to be inflationary during this stage. It's not a deflationary currency *yet*, and shouldn't be broadly labeled as such.
Edit2: [Here is a chart of the projected inflationary curve of BTC]( based on the designed distribution of blockchain rewards over time.
@_date: 2014-07-11 19:48:24
It would be easy enough for Realcoin, since they will become the gatekeepers. They could start a private fork at any moment, and those moving coins within the Realcoin network wouldn't notice anything beyond perhaps a slight downtime.
Do you want Realcoin to become popular as a gatekeeper that can fork to a different blockchain whenever they want? Because once they have a strong userbase and support from the banking industry, what is stopping them from doing this? Words and promises? Certainly not technology.
Bitcoin doesn't have much resources to fight against powerful banks and governments. What we *do* have is our growing community of people. Realcoin has the potential to, at the very least, divert the flow of new users to itself rather than bitcoin. That those users will then somehow trickle back to bitcoin is only backed by words and promises. That is an incredibly dangerous game and bitcoin nor the foundation should have any part of it.
@_date: 2014-07-05 03:36:24
I think Occams Razor applies here. There's no indication of a scandal, let alone a cover-up. They said they were working on p2pool integration not long ago, I see no reason for them to lie about it, and it's still too early to be outraged about anything.
It's more likely they are doing this because, like the p2pool vote *which they chose to hold in the first place*, it's in their best interests to keep the shareholders happy.
@_date: 2014-07-07 05:36:21


If Blockchain was able to do this for someone else, then (assuming you ran into the same bug) they should be able to fix it for you too. I would keep bothering them about it and seeking public attention until they address your issue! All is not lost!
Edit: For those looking to troll the thread because 'Mt. Gox' is mentioned, keep in mind the gox incident didn't happen that long ago, and the OP stated he's been trying to get this issue address for a long time. Some of these issues can drag on for years.
@_date: 2014-09-14 20:56:13
The positive thing to take away from this: Had it been cash, he would have been at the mercy of the government and likely never seen it again.
Because it was bitcoin, as long as he followed good security practices, he can recover his money 100% without any cooperation from the government.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:30:15
You really should post more details. Bitcoins transactions are like cash. They are irreversible once you hand over the money. Like cash, you have to be careful who you deal with.
@_date: 2014-07-10 01:30:19


Why pay to send a postcard when we have e-mail? 
Why rent movies at a store when you can stream it to your television?
In a few years time, people will be asking those same questions about personal bank accounts. Technology moves fast.
@_date: 2014-09-05 03:18:29
Thanks for the quick reply and pointing out the subreddit!
Edit: Since you are already here, I should also ask: What are your thoughts of maybe implementing this much sooner, since it seems easy to implement technically, and I've read elsewhere that your other methods of reputation and escrow requires more complex infrastructure thats still a long ways away from being completed?
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:50:49
Regardless of whether inflationary costs are already priced in (which I never argued, please link otherwise), that doesn't change the fact that designing bitcoin as inflationary (or Disinflationary) carries an [Opportunity cost]( which is a very important part of economics.
Might I suggest this part:


The article is a good read. I thought you might enjoy it while you were busy searching for and down-voting all of my posts in disagreement. :-)
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:42:18
As bitcoin receives more widespread adoption, you will see much greater savings than just 1-2%. If there is trust in the value of bitcoin increasing, and the overall trend of bitcoin is deflationary, then merchants will want to both sell you their products, *and* "hodl" your bitcoins as an investment.
The speculative gains of holding your bitcoins will become baked into the price of selling goods, and you might see price discounts of 20-30% (maybe even 50% or more) because **both of you want to hold bitcoins**, but the merchant has products/services to persuade you to sell.
@_date: 2014-08-27 04:41:47
BitHalo offers a solution to this problem by having each party deposit some collateral into joint multisig addresses. The collateral acts as an incentive for both parties to fully complete the transaction, especially the buyer who otherwise has little incentive after receiving the item.
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:04:53
Bitcoin is a global currency. The majority of people on this planet do not have access to the same level of financial products as much wealthier countries (like the USA). Billions of people are discriminated against financially because of race, class, heritage, nationality, ideology or political motivation.
The internet brought the world freedom of information. Bitcoin will bring the world freedom of money. It's a monumental thing that, like the internet, billions of people will want to be a part of once they understand how it will improve their lives.
Then divide 7 billion people by 21 million coins.
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:17:33
Coinbase is a very reputable organization within the US that follows current regulations.
@_date: 2014-07-12 22:27:15
At Havelock, once you sign up and deposit BTC into your account, you select PETA from the list of available listings and then click the 'Bu/Sell on Market' button. From there, you can enter asks and bids.
The return yield is listed next to the PETA ticker and is currently at 256.84%, which is paid out daily. You can view your payouts and other transaction activity by clicking the 'Transactions' link on the right hand side.
@_date: 2014-09-05 06:17:28
For example, I want to sell you a bauble. You deposit your payment into a multi-sig address that requires both our consent to release the funds. I can verify that deposit before sending you the bauble.
In addition to that, we also agree to deposit a certain amount of funds into a second multi-sig address that requires both our consent, to be used as collateral against the trade.
If I don't satisfy the trade, you won't release me the funds. If I satisfy the trade and you still don't release the funds, then you risk losing those funds *and* your collateral. This is important, because it means we both have more to lose by scamming each other, than by completing an honest trade.
@_date: 2014-07-10 00:59:23
It wouldn't be loaned to an investor without your consent. It's that simple.
@_date: 2014-09-12 05:53:20
In what ways would the specific protocol be different? Adding sinks and faucets into the system doesn't require much of the underlying protocol to be changed? There's already built-in methods for creating and burning coins.
I agree it would be an alt-coin, but I don't think the changes run that deep.
@_date: 2014-07-10 01:42:54
You might want to keep an eye on this: 
The above solution (when it's ready) will allow you to do this. There are similar platforms being built on the same idea of voting.
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:08:35


In its current form no, but there are ideas and code changes ready to be implemented once this becomes a much bigger problem, such as block pruning.
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:29:27


I agree completely. [Opportunity cost]( is also an important part of economics.
@_date: 2014-08-02 03:57:55
There seemed to be an exchange that was erroneously reporting an inflated rate on its BTC. It was an isolated incident that has happened in the past and will probably happen sometime again. Like always, the error was quickly noticed and fixed, and nothing much came out of it.
Why is nobody talking about this? I dunno. If a gas station accidentally puts of a price of $30 instead of $3 for a few minutes, is it really worth taking about?
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:58:13
What if the "central bank" is entirely comprised of software, and exists as the sum of a decentralized system, like the blockchain?
Whatever their solution is, it doesn't necessarily have to be hosted in a central location. It may be entirely software-based, which can be decentralized in the same methods as bitcoin's ledger.
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:50:34


We need to formally request a reasonable explanation as to *why* that cost is so high. It doesn't cost that much in other parts of the world, it never cost that much before, and when compared to other industries it makes absolutely no sense.
I'm getting tired of hearing the "it costs xxx to make" as justification when that figure is ludicrous on its face and is never challenged. It "costs" hundreds of millions to make a blockbuster movie, but that's when we use infamous "Hollywood accounting."
@_date: 2014-07-15 10:37:41
There's a lot of scams involving Brazilian real, too.
There will always be people looking to scam other people. Please don't single out bitcoin for something that happens in literally every currency. Bitcoin offers a lot of tools to protect yourself from fraud.
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:31:01
From my understanding, Mt. Gox was operating as a pozni scheme to cover up for a theft that happened in the past. A lot of their bitcoin was stolen, and from that point they were using new bitcoin deposits to settle the old accounts. That sounds like the definition of a ponzi scheme to me.
@_date: 2014-07-10 10:55:31


No, e-Gold and Liberty dollars. Or any other currency that threatens the place of USD. There is absolutely no way the US government and banking industry is going to accept direct integration of Realcoin unless **they** have full control over it.


Well for starters, they aren't directly competing with bitcoin, and definitely not being run by a foundation board member whose job is to do the exact opposite and promote bitcoin, especially its core values.
This is a rotten situation on many different levels. 
Edit: Here is the mission statement for the bitcoin foundation: 
I don't understand how you can read that, then read about Brock Pierce pumping Realcon behind closed doors with banksters, and not feel completely disgusted by all of this. Do you remember what satoshi used to create the genesis block?
    The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks
@_date: 2014-07-12 03:49:20
They seem to be slowly moving to p2pool: 
@_date: 2014-08-06 09:33:41
I find this whole thing very suspicious.
* OP claims to hold several thousand **dollars** in BTC on Coinbase and is familiar enough with to use it as a threat for bad publicity, but is posting this whole situation on a brand-new throwaway account.
* Every time coinbase tech support tries to help the OP with fixing 2FA on the account, OP deflects the issue entirely by making insecure and unreasonable demands, without compromise and using the threat of legal action.
* At the end of the exchange, OP shifts from threatening legal action to bad publicity. The latter being (conveniently) much easier to perform if OP was **not** the actual owner of the account.
Somehow, this whole situation seems like it could be a scammer using a compromised email account to access somebody else's coinbase wallet, by using social engineering and public defamation to pressure Coinbase to remove the 2FA.
If anything, I feel sorry for the tech support people that have to deal with such an unreasonable person that completely ignores *why* the 2FA is there in the first place, and why disabling it is not such a simple request.
@_date: 2014-09-12 17:25:04


Bitcoin does not have methods of guaranteeing stability of its value and its completely legitimate for a government and its people to want their economy based on a currency that they can stabilize and control.


This is profoundly false. I don't even know how to respond to this.
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:47:49
There seems to be a big misunderstanding between fractional reserve banking, and the fraud committed by major U.S banks (I don't know what else to call it.)
In fractional reserve banking, your deposit is considered a line of credit you are extending to the bank. The "account" you receive is an IOU for what the bank owes you. In return, the bank lends your money to those who need it, and you are given a cut of the profits through interest and services. Since only a fraction of deposits are normally withdrawn, the bank keeps this portion as reserves while lending out the rest. If withdraws ever exceed reserves, the bank must find a way to satisfy those withdraws, or else the bank is literally defaulting on their debt to the account holders. **At no point is money ever created out of thin air.**
The fraud that major banks have been committing for the past few decades, is they are using the IOUs as currency itself. They trade it between banks, count it as part of their reserves, or even use them to pay off other loans (creating debt to pay off more debt, what could possibly go wrong??).
There is a big difference.
Edit: Revised my original comment.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:16:56
At [38:30]( he seems to gloss over the biggest flaw with this idea: It weakens the network against 51% attacks.
While there are valid issues with proof of work, the 'arms race' for hashing power is what secures the network from outside attacks. If your're going to penalize hash-power proliferation, why not discard proof of work all together?
@_date: 2014-08-06 17:15:01
If you want to accept bitcoin, the only thing you need to do is create a wallet address. For a software wallet, I suggest [Armory]( For an online wallet, I suggest [blockchain.info.](
If you want to accept bitcoin, and then immediately convert it into fiat, then you need to use an exchange. [Coinbase]( and [Bitpay]( are the two big players here, and you would want to contact them for more information.
People can send payments to your wallet address, where you can confirm the payment has been sent. For extra security, you can wait at least 10 minutes for the network to confirm the transaction.
@_date: 2014-07-14 08:51:02
Great speech! Thank you for posting it!
I feel embarrassed by the Q&amp;A afterwards. Such a great opportunity to ask important questions and open a powerful dialogue between Erik and the crowd.. and it was squandered.
Can we get a second chance on a much better Q&amp;A for that speech?
@_date: 2014-08-02 04:41:44
I think it was bitcoinaverage.com that was ~~reporting~~ listing a market that was reporting erroneously. I don't know which market though.
@_date: 2014-07-15 06:59:59


p2pool is still a pretty good fix for this, the problem is that not enough people are supporting it with donations. If enough people would donate, then the bonus income would incentive miners to switch to p2pool.
There's also a opportunity for developers to create a wallet or software platform where you can choose to send your transactions to specific pools, so individuals and businesses can donate their transaction fees to p2pool.
@_date: 2014-09-12 05:50:41
I'm sorry, have I offended you somehow? I briefly expressed my opinion as a pretext to a much larger conversation. Why do you choose to ignore the larger conversations and down-vote a positive discussion for a chance to post a snarky comment?
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:35:09
The billing address is used as verification for the transaction. It's not optional unless that payment network has a specific alternative for verifying transactions with the merchant.
@_date: 2014-09-01 04:07:31
Suggestion: Making a pledge shouldn't simply burn the coins. That seems like such a waste that could otherwise be utilized more intelligently. 
I propose that instead of burning, coins are donated to a worthy cause, preferably to an address controlled by software and not a single individual, and something positive for the bitcoin network. Possible candidates could be p2pool, or the upcoming lighthouse project?
@_date: 2014-09-13 07:04:34


Or you could, you know, stop sending them cash and just show them the transaction ID.
Either you're not telling the truth, or you're part of the reason that prices on most goods are 2-10% higher to cover the costs of processing chargebacks.
When you file a chargeback, you don't get back the money under dispute; You get back a little bit of the increased prices and fees you've been paying to the credit companies for all the goods you buy.
@_date: 2014-09-06 00:43:54


You pay increased prices on products to cover the costs of using (and insuring) credit card purchases.
Out of sight, out of mind. You don't know the *real* costs because they are deliberately hidden from you. Every merchant that signs with a payment processor knows this. It's literally in the contract.
@_date: 2014-09-13 07:14:33


Paypal is not secure, especially for sellers. Paypal is scam-city for sellers, and probably why they want bitcoin instead.
If you don't have any bitcoin, you need to purchase some from an exchange like [Coinbase]( or from a local seller like [Localbitcoins](
Purchasing from an exchange for the first time might take a few days, depending on your local laws.
@_date: 2014-07-15 23:20:12
My honest suggestions:
* Get [TAILS]( Use it to post anonymously on pastebin, or your preferred blogging platform using a throwaway. Side note: Might put you on an [NSA watch-list]( (as if you weren't already).
* Post your story on [bitcointalk.org]( *and* as a text post, not a link. Include a very detailed summary (if not the whole thing) *within* the post, so people don't have to RTFA if they don't want to. This demonstrates you are more interested in sharing your story than baiting clicks.
* Be very upfront and acknowledge your potential biases or lack of evidence for certain claims. This allows discussion to focus on the merits of your story and not the credibility of your character.
* Stick to the facts and testimony of your story. Leave your opinions out of it, or save them for the very end. Don't give people a reason to distract discussion of your story.
* I would be very surprised if members of the foundation (and their lawyers) were unaware of the [Streisand Effect]( which is exactly what would happen if they tried to sue you.
* The Bitcoin Foundation is well aware of their reputation within the community. We know they are corrupt. They know we know. We complain while they pretend not to notice. Just your textbook politics, nothing new.
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:31:00
Blockchain is a combination of many different technologies. Companies have different needs and ideas on how to implement things. Reaching consensus on this has always been a problem. Blockchains combine many of these technologies together in an elegant way, so it satisfies a lot of needs and applies to many different use cases, and Bitcoin also has an advantage of the network effect right now.
You can isolate a lot of use cases for bitcoin, and rearrange the existing technologies in a different way and create something different, maybe even more efficient for a particular application. But the fact of the matter is this usually doesn't happen because selfish actors do not work together towards benevolent causes.
For example, it would be nice if large internet companies like Apple/Google/Microsoft worked together to fix the inherit problems with DNS, among other things, but they are still fighting over how to implement HTML5 standards and putting up walled gardens. So if blockchains are versatile enough to bootstrap an open solution like Namecoin, and the security is robust, then why not use it?
For two decades I have seen technology companies put out marketing concept videos of your cellphone talking to your toaster, to your car, etc. through mesh networks. There's even an official wireless specification for it. I have seen a lot of development in the community space (plugging and there is a *lot* of money to be made in the development of this space. But which group of companies has really volunteed to make it happen? To solve the problems and combine solutions into a more robust mesh networking platform? Crickets.
So no, I absolutely do not agree that "If they can agree to use a blockchain they can agree to use one of the other standards" because they really can't. They are still fighting over how to rollout IPV6. They still can't find a red cent to seriously fund development of OpenSSL. Cars are still stuck with ODB2 while "Ford" Sync bombs and Apple's solution is barely getting traction. There still isn't a good standard on how to beam multimedia to my television.
Blockchain is a magnificent combination of technologies being developed by mostly benevolent people and donated to the greedy world on a silver platter. No, you don't need to use the blockchain for digital signatures, P2P encryption, immutable hashes, and other things. But the fact is that blockchains solve a lot of interesting problems, bitcoin has traction, and a lot of companies (Cisco, Qualcom, etc.) find it cheaper to throw money at an established transparent solution than be damned to work with competitors to solve their industry's biggest problems.
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:40:03
I don't understand. What is the point of attacking me with such a snarky attitude? Why are you even in this conversation?
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:13:28
They are already moving hashing power to p2pool, but starting with a small amount to do stress testing. It would be very irresponsible for a mining pool of PETA's size to switch their entire network over to a new type of distributed pool in such a short amount of time.
It's also ***very irresponsible*** to post exaggerated headlines with negative bias against a company, simply because they are not adhering to your arbitrary disclosure deadlines over some trendy social media platform.
If you are invested in PETA, then you should already know their full contact information is located on both their websites and under their profile on the havelock site. You can send them an e-mail at info
Twitter is not even listed as their preferred source of contact.
Edit2: And the tweet linked in OP was posted about the same time as this thread. Why are you claiming they are ignoring a tweet you just posted??
@_date: 2014-09-05 07:20:21
Both the buyer and seller have more to lose by not signing than signing. The collateral is in a second multi-sig address (technically two) *in addition to the buyer's funds being secured in a multi-sig address with the same mutual rules.*
Either you forgot about that part while making your claim, or you didn't read the whitepaper. Both of your scenarios completely disregard how the system works.
@_date: 2014-07-07 05:03:55
It's not just about the encryption method, it's also that consumer wireless networks were never designed with the intention of having strong *internal* security. It's usually assumed that devices on the *private* network are meant to be given a certain level of trust.
More advanced access points have features such as AP isolation, and you can also configure stricter firewall profiles for public networks. The default configuration on OSX and Windows devices, however, have a lot of security holes.
Not to mention that if you aren't running your entire connection through a VPN, you are just asking to get your session hijacked in a hundred different ways. And that's assuming the router isn't also hacked to insert MITM attacks.
There should probably be a discussion on how to do secure transactions over wifi, assuming the network and access point are not trustworthy.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:20:43
If you are a US resident, it's because you're trying to buy financially regulated assets from an exchange that's based in the UK and outside your bank's payment network.
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:43:45
So this is how I think something like this would have to work:
* The software that operates this switch needs to be open-source.
* The software needs to have an insignificant cost for being hosted in the cloud for a *long* time.
* The software needs to be resilient against DoS and other attempts to falsely trigger the switch (p2p cloud hosting? side-chain?)
* The software needs to be encrypted against the host at all times. Only the user ever has the keys.
* The software needs both a dead-man switch and a heartbeat monitor to prevent against DoS. (Use transactions in the blockchain?)
* Utilize as much of the existing bitcoin infrastructure as possible to keep the switch decentralized against influence or attack, and encrypted against anyone but the owner.
Otherwise you are just asking people to 100% trust you, in which case, why wouldn't they just hire an accredited law firm or use existing estate planning services?
@_date: 2014-07-13 12:20:41
In the IT world, this tactic is called a honeypot: 
That being said, any decent blackhat knows better than to alert you to their intrusion before identifying any further attack vectors. They know what to look for, and will exhaust that list before making a move.
I guess it doesn't hurt to have one, though.
@_date: 2014-07-23 04:00:27
This post is spam.
I have read the same text, almost word for word, posted here several times before.
has been a redditor for 30 minutes.
is another puppet account created [to post a similar topic.](
is another puppet account that posted a [similar topic here.](
In fact, you can just search this subreddit for ['bagHODLers']( to see the spam this person has posted with puppet accounts.
This topic should be deleted and the user IP banned by Reddit admins.
@_date: 2014-09-01 04:50:35
I read the whitepaper and assuming you are referring to this specific bit:


What if the donation is done to an address that's virtually *impossible* to steal the private keys from? Much in the way Trezor can sign transactions without ever exposing the private key, can't we similarly do this using software?
What if p2pool was written to internally generate private keys for distributing donated coins in a fully obfuscated and autonomous fashion, without them ever being exposed?
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:48:41


While there are some flaws (all systems have flaws), it's more accurate to look at the cost/benefit of exploiting those flaws. For example, Selfish Miner (which deals with 51% attacks) is widely misunderstood and a lot of exaggerations and outright false claims are made as to the extent of what cost/benefit is achievable in a 51% attack scenario. While selfish miner is an issue and long-term we should look towards a permanent solution (p2pool is a great start), it's not the apocalypse of bitcoin. For dropping blocks (which are being actively exploited today), pools have developed ways to spot such mischief and drop offending miners. It's an issue that needs to be fixed, but a much lesser problem in reality.
There's no technical limitation in solving these issues with Bitcoin. Bitcoin is software. Software can always be changed.
@_date: 2015-05-19 11:22:53


If that is your response, then let's just end this conversation. You dug into your position long before this thread, and this isn't going to lead to anything constructive.


@_date: 2015-05-19 06:10:20
Because the overwhelming scale of so many connected devices only becomes practical when they are fully autonomous; i.e Maytag doesn't want to support infrastructure for millions of talking appliances.
At this scale of networking and autonomy, it becomes impractical to use a central authority for trust, therefore devices have to communicate using game theory. Blockchains provide the incentive structure for these machines to reach consensus, and the mining chip in each device is the decentralized 'cost' of securing that consensus from mutation.
@_date: 2015-05-19 05:44:57


A toaster is probably too simple of an object to make a good example. You could argue that the mining chip allows the toaster to autonomously participate in a larger network of similar devices, sharing the costs of using a cellular network for internet connectivity, to start cooking based on your work schedule or update calorie counts on your food diary.


The idea is the mining chip should generate enough "work" for it participate in the network in an independent and fully autonomous fashion, whether it's bitcoin or another blockchain.


More like an embedded RFID chip will tell your smart toothbrush to place an order for more toothpaste on amazon, delivered by drone, while tracking your habits and sending you nagging messages about the pH levels in your mouth and recommending a better mouthwash.
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:15:01
You are right, we're discussing arbitrary fees here and I made the mistake of bringing true costs into the discussion.
On another note, my friend showed me this new way to make money on the internet. There's zero fees to start, which means it's totally risk free! You in?
@_date: 2014-07-12 04:46:49
Nice site! Some suggestions:
* All the social media stuff on the right margin is very obnoxious, looks like spam and detracts from the main focus of your site. Replace it with something useful on the left margin, like auction categories and search filters. (see: eBay, Amazon, Newegg, and every other major eCommerce site).
* Your navigation bar is filled with choices that 99% of new visitors don't care about. Visitors will have many questions (especially about how you handle disputes) and they want links to easy answers. You should have information about your dispute and escrow process linked at the top of your page, not the very bottom. 
* You have multiple registered user functions in the navigation bar that can be rolled into a drop-down, or at least hidden from unregistered visitors.
* You literally have two search buttons.
* Your auction listings do not have alternating backgrounds, which is design 101 for thread patterns and a large oversight.
* You aren't using any contrasting colors or markup to make important information stand out. For example, making prices green, short time limits red, buy now prices bold, etc. There's a lot of information to digest when browsing auctions, especially when comparing listings, so you need to make it easy and comfortable as possible for users.
Hopefully that's a start. Good luck with your business!
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:05:19
Because it scales *much* better and opens a lot of doors for future technologies.
There's a lot of friction in adding connectivity to a device if you have to worry about designing a secure protocol for how that device communicates, not only within a company's won catalog of products, but with other companies products, across a wide range of different industries. Traditionally, companies would have to form partnerships, come to consensus on what the standards would be, etc.
All the different standards your router supports, i.e WEP/WPA2, IPV4/6, WPA, DNS, uPNP, WPA, those technologies involved a lot of politics between selfish entities (governments/corporations) eventually coming to some sort of consensus. There's still a lot of politics holding back IPV6, and the evolution of HTML standards is still fought between the companies that hold major shares in the browser market.
Think of how advanced cars would be today if both technology and automotive industries simply got together 5 years ago and settled on a standard protocol between smart devices and the vehicle ECU. Instead we are still stuck with ODBII, while companies try to form isolated partnerships to develop things like Microsoft Sync and Apple's iCar (or whatever it's called) which always end up being lackluster and slow to progress.
The common link in all of these examples is that it's very hard for a group of selfish actors to reach any kind of consensus without the proper incentives. This is the fundamental problem that blockchain technology can solve.
@_date: 2015-05-19 13:07:03


Correct. The transaction with each address token is merely used to sign the secure session and also publish the hash of the transmitted information. Edit: You can also send information directly in the transaction, they are likely going to use a sidechain that can handle much larger transactions.


It is when it comes to having many selfish actors reach consensus on how to best implement digital signatures, distributing secure tokens for P2P encryption and and storing immutable hashes in an inexpensive manner.
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:44:13


Your first misconception is this is about what the companies do with the data, which is incorrect. What is more important is how that data is communicated securely. How is the washing machine going to talk to amazon and order detergent? Is Maytag going to trust the user to setup a wifi connection? Is amazon going to develop stopgaps against your washing machine ordering a PS4 for the neighbor's kid if he decides to crack your personal WPA encryption, or exploit some weakness in your budget router's firmware?


An API that does what, exactly? You are only thinking about the washing machine sending data to Maytag. What people here are discussing goes way beyond one company. What if you want push alerts sent to all your devices when the laundry is done? Does Maytag want to maintain compatibility with device and carrier's software when something breaks? Why would they want to even deal with that mess?
What if you want to monitor your water usage through smart devices, should each company for every device now have to maintain a database for this information? And they all have to write a respective API that yet another company has to try and aggregate into another central database? And this data has to be handled securely by all parties?


No, that is a fundamental misunderstanding on your part. The whole point of using a blockchain is to establish secure, immutable communication between selfish parties so you can share that information with *anyone* in a trustless manner.
Do you understand why banking institutions want to use a blockchain in the first place? Do you understand the minefield of proprietary databases and antiquated APIs from hundreds of different banking systems that make up the current ACH system? Do you understand why the Healthcare.gov website took many months and millions of lines of code to marry the database systems of major insurance companies together? And it was still a total, broken mess? 
Do you understand why NASDAQ would rather settle their trades on the blockchain than filter them manually through an chain of accountants skimming through excel spreadsheets? Because nobody trusts anybody to communicate that data securely?


You should better educate yourself on how game theory applies to bitcoin and how the blockchain works, if you are going to come into a bitcoin thread and talk down to people with such a snarky attitude. 


Not other washing machines (that is incredibly short-sighted) but any other device or software application that promises something useful with that information. Maytag is not in the business of thinking outside their box of home appliances. This is why it's incredibly difficult to get companies to work together and push technology forward for any benefit other than their own selfish interests. This is why the blockchain is revolutionary, because it allows a large group of selfish actors to reach consensus on how to transmit valuable data in a secure and immutable way, without trust, for very little effort.
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:43:27


Because it is an alt coin. It doesn't matter what Brock's intent is, what matters is that Brock is promoting an alt coin, and there's nothing stopping people from bypassing bitcoin and using Realcoin directly.
You are going on nothing but words and promises that Realcoin will work 'with' bitcoin while ignoring the reality that, technically, there's nothing stopping Realcoin from doing a complete 180 and competing against bitcoin once it becomes established within the banking industry.
The entire point of Bitcoin is that humans are naturally corrupt and relying on their trust should be entirely avoided if possible. That is why Bitcoin's design is to remove human trust from the equation, and instead expect (and reward) their greed.
Instead you are asking people to place their trust in, and let's be clear about this, **a competing alt-coin** because the benefactor of said coins made a *promise* to openly trade with bitcoin once the banks agrees to adopt his coins first, even when technically **there is nothing stopping him and the banks from competing directly against bitcoin**.
Civilization didn't coin the phrase 'trojan horse' simply because it only really paid off that one time in ancient greece, and I'm going to assume the worst in any situation involving bitcoin to take a leap of faith with a shady character doing backroom deals with banksters. Feel free to call me paranoid!


I never mentioned anything from his past even once. I'm looking entirely at his current actions.
@_date: 2015-01-09 07:56:47
I don't mean for this to sound hostile, but if you or someone else feels they can do a better job in explaining or representing different aspects of bitcoin, then please give the show a call. The show is very loose on who can talk and I think there's a good chance you can speak on the air.
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:57:09
The purpose of the mining chip is so the device can operate fully autonomously without outside interaction. You don't have to keep track of wallets for potentially billions of devices, the funds have no previous history to track, and each device participates in collectively bootstrapping whichever blockchain they use.
It's extremely unlikely these chips will be mining on the main blockchain, but likely pegged to bitcoin through a sidechain. There's no way the bitcoin blockchain can handle that much traffic.
@_date: 2015-05-19 15:00:37
I think it's less about how people will use these chips and more about how machines will communicate with each other.
We are about to enter uncharted territory where an autonomous car can drive to a charging station and pay for it's own electricity, or a drone can open an electronic door to deliver a package. These are fully autonomous, direct machine-2-machine transactions for which there isn't any existing standard.
I have noticed a lot of people don't really understand just how insecure our internet communications are today, and how difficult it is to get competing companies to solve these existing problems, let alone prepare for emerging challenges within their industry. I can list one embarrassing example after another.
It's too cumbersome to get, for example, delivery drone manufacturers to agree on protocol standards with electric door manufacturers. And to repeat this process with every technology combination ad infinity.
So if 21 can bootstrap some kind of gold standard for simple and secure machine-2-machine interactions using sidechains, and in a transparent enough way that industries will accept, it will open the gates for a lot of new possibilities.
But if they do something silly like point everything to their own central mining pool, then nothing will ever come of this. I don't think Qualcom or Cisco are that naive, though. They must know a few things we don't.
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:13:47
This sounds very similar to how the [ twitter handle was stolen]( through social engineering of the registrar (GoDaddy).
Isn't it completely against ICANN policy for a registrar to give up control of a domain name like that? I can't even transfer my own domain name without going through some lengthy waiting period.
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:14:48


Stranger things have happened.
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:49:56
That is why [Lighthouse]( was created! Technology is pushing forward. :-)
@_date: 2014-09-05 03:12:01


The blockchain is simply a distributed ledger that is constantly verified, through consensus, by a network of peers. That peer network is what secures the ledger from being forged, and is *the most important part* of the entire system. The most valuable reason for using a blockchain over any other database, is that consensus does not require trusting a central authority.
Once you understand the above points, then you are better equipped to understand this fundamental question:
    How does each peer reach consensus, and what is their incentive?
In order for a blockchain to work, you need to solve these two problems:
* The peers need a strong incentive to participate in your network. Otherwise, it will be easy for outside peers to attack your network with a larger one. Bitcoin uses block rewards and transaction fees as an incentive to attract peers (miners).
* The act of reaching consensus has to be heavy. Without weight, it will be easy for outside peers to out-compete your network. Bitcoin uses proof-of-work as a means for reaching consensus, and has so far built a network of over 200 peta-hashes of (ASIC) computing power.
So while it would be a true statement to say *"You don't need bitcoin to make the blockchain work"*, it's actually a bit more complicated than that. For the blockchain to work as intended, you do need *some* sort of incentive, and it needs to be converted into something non-trivial for consensus.
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:44:34
I would say that Armory is the most impressive wallet. It's very well done, supports the latest features, a lot of great backup options, and works on top of the bitcoin core client.
[+1 for armory!](
@_date: 2014-09-06 02:24:39


He is also a throwaway account if you look at the details. And his single upvote (which I downvoted) was probably from nobodybelievesyou, a known troll from If only reddit had more features to resist such blatant manipulation.
@_date: 2015-07-02 08:16:13
I feel people like Elon Musk see something like this coming, which makes his push for a global satellite internet that much more important. Can't stop the signal, etc.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:08:38
The software runs on-top of the bitcoin protocol so it's completely decentralized. Theoretically you can host any project you want, and nobody can really stop it from being funded, short of attacking the network as a whole.