@_author: kasoo
@_date: 2011-06-23 18:09:37
The slowness is basically the point. The weakness of the current system is that you can compute lots of hashes very quickly and check if they match, you can do that so quickly with graphics cards that you can check whole dictionaries in short order.
By slowing things down so things take, in the orders of seconds per attempt means you cant brute force in the same way.
Yes it means that login operations are slowed down, but unfortunately its the only way.
@_date: 2011-06-24 08:51:23
Three iterations are by far not enough. We're in the world of gigahash clusters, you need thousands of iterations to be even close to safe.
@_date: 2011-06-23 15:31:30
So the "multi-iteration" thing and "triple salting" are obviously two separate things. Multi iteration is a good thing hopefully they'll be doing thousands of iterations of sha512, for example 
    for ( $i=0; $i&lt;=10000; $i++) {
        hash = sha512( isset(hash) ? hash : input );
    }
    
Now the triple salting, seems a bit odd. Obviously the point of salts is to prevent pre-calculation attacks such as rainbow tables. So conventionally you'd use a random salt for each row in the user database and prepend that to the input. That's good.
Another thing people often do is have a "static" salt, which is a bit of an odd choice, but whatever. A static salt is basically just effectively changing your hash algorithm somewhat, but its okay if you want to make your hashes not work with standard rainbow tables.
The third way I can think to use salt is basically like a pseudo encryption "key", pre/append a random salt to your input then storing the salt somewhere safe. So its like a separate encryption key for each username. The problem with this is its pretty much impossible to actually store this securely, so yeah.
So if we guess this "triple salting" is somehow using all of these at once, but I've no idea what that'd look like. To me the triple salting phrase is a just a random buzzword bullshit to explain their reason to attempt to re-invent secure password storage rather than using known good system such as bcrypt.
@_date: 2011-06-26 10:02:18
Don't get me wrong, I'm not arguing against strong passwords, but the first thing anyone in security should learn is defence in depth. If you can make your hash generation take in the fractions of seconds order of magnitude (using something like bcrypt or many iterations of a conventional hash) then noone is brute-forcing anything but the most simple dictionary any time this decade. This combined with good password strength rules keeping the low hanging fruit out of the password database can make you basically immune.
@_date: 2011-06-23 18:22:01
Its worth looking into bcrypt and scrypt if you're interested in these things. They're basically seen as the "correct" way to store passwords at the moment.
bcrypt allows you to arbitrarily increase the complexity of the password verification procedure. So when the next generation of super fast graphics cards/FPGAs come out, you can rack the difficulty up.
scrypt is similar to bcrypt but also allows a variable memory requirement component which makes the algorithm harder to optimise in hardware
@_date: 2011-06-25 18:25:41
If you can make password hash generation time in the order of 1/10ths of seconds, then brute forcing passwords of any length becomes nearly impossible, rather than relying on complex passwords.
@_date: 2011-06-13 10:24:08
The way I see it is that no-one is actually accepting bitcoin, the few companies that "accept" bitcoin do so with prices pegged to USD prices, Silk road is the biggest example of this, so for them the bitcoin have no value, its just a transfer mechanism, all the money that is added to the system in order to buy things from these is immediately liquidated back into USD.
For-profit miners create coin out of thin air and then liquidate that into USD whenever they can also, to me this means that they only people adding money into the system are "investors" who are trying to make a profit playing the market, and it seems that they are the only ones who can loose. Every USD pulled out of the system by a miner, is a USD less in the system for investors.
The difference between this and traditional fiat systems is that they are used in themselves as a currency, rather than just as a proxy surely?
@_date: 2011-06-13 10:30:01
As far as I understand it, when the fed "creates" a new USD, the "value" of that note has effectively come from de-valuing every other USD in circulation. That's fair enough, but in the end the majority of people stay within the USD system, they never want to transfer their currency to another.
I'd wager that the majority of bitcoin users at some point want to get "real money" from their bitcoins. If every bitcoin that is mined creates money, therefore devalues every other bitcoin, then if everyone wanted to get their money back into "real money" they'd find they have less than they put in. Less the amount that miners took out.
Surely mining is just stealing from people who have invested into the system?