@_author: kave289
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:49:40
I really like to see the fee and confirmation time when he opens and closes the channel! 
for one transaction it should cost you double the fee and time!
@_date: 2014-08-03 11:44:26
Today I tried to login to my Coinbase account!
They just blocked my account based on my country (sanctions by usa) and grabbed all the money! guys please boycott this site! this is against Basic of Bitcoin system! they are clearly scamming people"
after login this message comes up
"NOTICE OF ACCOUNT CLOSURE AND PENDING DISABLEMENT
We have reason to believe you reside in a country in which Coinbase is prohibited by law from doing business (Iran) per the sanctions imposed by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Asset Control. As a result, we’ve unfortunately had to close your Coinbase account.
If you are not a resident of a sanctioned country or otherwise have received this notification in error, please contact us at support immediately and provide us with a copy of a photo ID and proof of your current address.
We apologize for having to take this action but please understand that Coinbase is required to comply with U.S. law.
The Coinbase Team
@_date: 2014-08-03 15:00:04
I didn't use it for converting it to $! as i said a site just payed me with email address, so i was forced to open coinbase to get that money! and there was Nothing about this at their TOS, they just made a new TOS to stole the money!
@_date: 2014-08-16 21:29:37
Yea , you guys have the right to stole money too.
some days ago I tried to login to my Coinbase account! They just blocked my account based on my country (sanctions by usa) and blocked all the money! and disabaled my account! peopleshould boycott your site! this is against Basic of Bitcoin system! you are clearly scamming people from other countries" you just updated your TOS without telling users, after my first login this message came up.
"NOTICE OF ACCOUNT CLOSURE AND PENDING DISABLEMENT
We have reason to believe you reside in a country in which Coinbase is prohibited by law from doing business (Iran) per the sanctions imposed by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Asset Control. As a result, we’ve unfortunately had to close your Coinbase account.
If you are not a resident of a sanctioned country or otherwise have received this notification in error, please contact us at support immediately and provide us with a copy of a photo ID and proof of your current address.
We apologize for having to take this action but please understand that Coinbase is required to comply with U.S. law.
Respectfully, The Coinbase Team "
@_date: 2014-08-03 14:56:09
i used a bitcoin site that just did pay with email address through coinbase! 
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:19:11
The irony is you can't spend any of these on buying apps or services on your account without credit cards confirmation! so it's useless if you charge up your account. 
no way to spend without confirmation. 
So it's a M$ trap!