@_author: kazaa99
@_date: 2016-08-03 01:30:35
Isn't BitFinex run from a 3rd party trading platform, I mean not the BitGo Wallets, but the whole trading platform itself?
I seem to remember reading about it somewhere that you could set up an exchange right away without doing the coding, and just let the leased software run the exchange (But i don't remember the company :/ ), and they had a link to BitFinex as customers.
If so, are the problem located somewhere in this software, which is also running on their servers I believe?
I only had USD on the site, but they where lent out to margin trading. So I don't know if this means they are exchanged into bitcoins by a trader and then open to the theft, or if those lent out money are just numbers that isn't necessarily available?
@_date: 2016-08-15 10:35:36
Its hard to find a hosting provider that doesn't have some fair usage policy that states you cant run a proxy service :/
I tried finding some at a point because I wanted to contribute to the TOR network with some relays, but even with the dedicated servers I found there was this restriction.
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:11:39
I'm glad I at least told why I didn't wanted to do it myself  :/
But if someone took my advice, I hope they didn't put it all in BitFinex (unless they actually still pays out the loss when the investigation is over).
@_date: 2016-08-15 14:48:58
That sounds a bit more innocent of course, but when TOR is mentioned in the TOS, then its always the phrase "TOR related services" I keep seeing. So it could be argued whether installing TOR for connection as a client, would be considered a problematic related service to TOR, or just a proxy setup.
Its of course possible to ask the provider, as I'm sure its the running of TOR nodes they don't want on their servers. And if its not nodes running, then they probably wouldn't even check for it (unless their outgoing traffic monitors are setup to check for TOR IP addresses).
@_date: 2016-08-15 12:36:03
But then again, its only if you want to run it with TOR. There is probably still a need for full nodes without TOR.
It could be a pretty cool feature if you knew which nodes has TOR and which don't, and your wallet software could be picky about what to use if it is necessary in the current situation.
Or if bitcoin core could make a feature that made it possible to publish a transaction through a simple TOR proxy server to mask the IP's registered in the blockchain (or maybe anybody could run a transaction proxy for public use if they wanted to). But I don't have enough technical info on the entire procedure to figure out if that even would be possible/usable.
@_date: 2016-08-15 10:58:07
Today what is mostly needed are full nodes behind a Tor service for anonymity.
But their terms of Service :/
BitTorrent (including websites which link to torrents), **TOR related services**, Open Proxy/VPN Servers, IRC Servers, XDCC, and free web hosting services are strictly prohibited due to the abusive nature of such services.
@_date: 2016-08-15 11:11:31
If only people where interested in some sort of pooling, then a 2TB dedicated running as your own VPS + 10 IP addresses could make 10 different Full nodes with around 180GB each (i just estimate, don't know the exact amount of memory a VPS requires).
But just a theory, I'm trying to think of a downside.. But a dedicated at 50$-$60 could give some god prices on 10 individual virtual servers, depending on what they charge for additional IP's.
@_date: 2016-08-03 01:55:55
Are yes exactly. I can see BitFinex isn't listed there any more...
Wonder if they just used them for publicity shortly, or if they where using them at first (or if I remember completely wrong about them being there at all, but I am 95% sure of it)
@_date: 2016-08-18 04:47:32
How long does it usually take to sync the entire blockchain up to date? (If performed before enabling TOR)
Also is there a solution where you can download chunks of the blockchain which are confirmed and wont change (what i mean is the large amount of older blocks that are not in any risk of being discarded or changed. Just bad at formulating it in bitcoin terms :).
I am thinking of having a fullnode running myself just for the fun of it, and to get more experience in the technology. But it would be on Debian instead of Ubuntu, and on a nice discounted dedicated server (a VPS don't have anywhere near the capacity without the price being higher than a cheap dedicated)
Also, would it be possible to have a different altcoin running on the same machine without them interfering with eachother (was considering Litecoin, darkcoin or namecoin).
@_date: 2015-12-30 02:29:17
Couldn't this just be a way for credit card scammers to get untraced money from their stolen CC's ?
Especially amazon is card scammers heaven somehow.
@_date: 2017-04-21 18:15:51
MTGox tricked its users and stole a lot of money. How do we know? Well, plenty of real sources, articles by creditable writers on btc sites, investigations, involvement by police, etc..
You claim you know bitfinex stole money.
Source: you.
Articles to back up this claim: your comments in a reddit thread.
Credibility: Most likely none..
And so it just goes on and on with people wanting to sound like they know something important and should be taken serious.
@_date: 2017-04-21 18:23:40
And worth noting that the deposit/withdrawal problem is only with USD and not other currencies. They try hard to find other banks in other currencies to replace it until some solution can be found, so they are indeed trying to find a way to make the platform work uninterrupted as before.
@_date: 2017-04-19 14:28:59
This does makes much sense since the average bitcoin price should be what you would have to pay in fiat for it. And since you cant buy bitcoins on bitfinex right now with fiat, then then its really just a shadow price (just a made up phrase, doesn't mean anything in real life)
@_date: 2016-09-13 17:37:03
That would be Hamas and their usage of woman and children as human shields..
And since Hamas is elected by Palestinians themselves, then it basically are themselves who supports the terrorism. Would it be a good idea to send money to them??
Less money to Palestine means fewer missiles used to launch some useless attacks to then sacrifice humans as missile shields, simply to use as an excuse for whining and complain about Israel..
@_date: 2016-09-18 19:16:36
Unfortunately I'm not from Israel, but just a Scandinavian.
But I sure do wish I were sometimes. The technology and medical breakthroughs they come up with constantly is an inspiration to any nation.
So eradicating Israel which muslims apparently all want, would add a huge gap in the future technology, which is pretty much what Hamas would like I guess?  I mean they already live like the rest of us did 400 years ago.
@_date: 2016-09-13 17:52:03
Since money could be used to fund the terroism by Hamas, then its pretty relevant. Hamas' main terrorist target is Israel (but with constant failure since they cant figure out anything near the technology Israel has come up with in just few years.)
One could wonder why they don't just give up as they never will get anywhere. When Israel is building artificial hearts and doing other miracles in medicine, Palestine will still be run by Hamas, who still launches a few missiles from time to time which will just be shot down by the automatic Israeli defence system - as it always does, again and again and aga....
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:00:10
also send him $0.0000014 btc and tell him you sent him the 14 satoshies he asked for, so you are now just waiting for him.
Then when he complains about the way wrong amount, you just keep insisting that they are right there on blockchain, pretending that you don't know the difference between 0.00000014 btc and 14 btc.
@_date: 2015-09-06 01:03:26
Basically I just don't know if that is my real outcome, or there are fees, or if this is what i would expect to get in 30 days when my auto renew stops. But yes I see it in my history as tiny payouts now being at $1 earned, but still I am a noob at bitfinex, and only learned to invest through a single and very simple guide which was all I could find (most google results show how to trade with margins)
But basically $1 pr. 2 week, giving ~ $26/year (without calculating auto reinvest) would of course be a lot more interesting! And if that is what to expect, I would most definitely add another 10 btc or something.
Would this amount basically be what to expect? Or have i missed something?
@_date: 2015-09-06 00:53:54
No, i want to place my bitcoins somewhere that they will grow. Just like putting my money in the bank into investment groups, giving a better outcome.
How could you misread this as a get rich scheme??
@_date: 2015-09-06 15:52:19
Am I being scammed? By bitfinex?
How so?
@_date: 2015-09-06 15:49:49
Yes putting money in the bank will give an interest usually lower than 1%, but putting it into investment pools will often give some outcome of 5-15% if everything goes good, or a similar loss if things are really bad.
This year my pool (high risk) gave 16% outcome. One time right after 2008 it gave -20%
With bitfinex it seems i won't lose the money invested (or lent out) myself, which was what made me interested a little (but only using my bitcoins of course! not cashing out my savings and buying bitcoins to invest there - lol)
@_date: 2015-09-06 01:06:33
Yeah, many people did that when bitcoin hit $1200.. And are still holding :/
I was lucky to have a bit bitcoins at $600-$800 and then first be able to sell them at the  $1200, but that could easily just go the other way. That's why I would rather lend/invest, instead of taking the chances. Don't have the stomach for those large btc drops ;)
@_date: 2015-09-06 15:43:23
Yes that it would be, but as I was asking further down, i don't know much about this, so is this $1 my expected return, or are there some fee's or anything else I'm missing. With a 10% interest, i will call it a very god investment that's going nicely fast, and without much risk only if market disappears)
@_date: 2015-09-06 01:21:45
I have just noticed that i have a lot of investments in people who hasn't verified all they could, and when setting up auto invest i don't have many settings besides selecting groups A,B,C or D. I would as a minimum have identity verified, proof of income verified and paypal or creditcard also. Just now a guy just ran of with 12 BTC, who was rated as a "C" investment and selected by auto.
Of course the loss for me and many others was only some 0.001 btc or something, but still i would like to have that auto invest to be a little better with more options.
Also after i had started using it i started seeing people complain about it making weird investments where risk looked significantly high.
@_date: 2015-09-05 20:01:35
A damn, didn't know that, Just checked with multibit, correct it says minimum is 5460 satoshi :/
maybe a 0.00014 btc (3 cents) with $0 fee and then do a double spend to make it not reach him
@_date: 2017-05-07 09:45:48
Maybe if those who ran full nodes got a small payment, the same way DASH does it. Could give a lot more motivation all of the sudden.
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:15:41
This video appears to look as if two idiots who know nothing about any cryptocurrency (beside a little about bitcoin), sat down and just blur out as much trash as they can without knowing any fact or even have taken any time to read just a little bit of facts about any other cryptos in use.
I'm guessing this is why the number of views is so low, with 40% thumbs down, and nothing but negative comments about their "knowledge".
@_date: 2017-05-07 15:50:28
The free beer analogy doesn't really apply here. Bitcoin transactions were never meant to be free. Just faster, more anonymous and cheaper than the current payment options available, like slow bank transfers, credit cards, Western Union etc..
And who would call it freedom when they have to pay $10-$15+ in fees just to transfer some coins from one wallet to another. You have the freedom not to pay those $10, but then you cant make the transfer. And thus where did the freedom go??
Then there is the speed. With the current fee structure where miners sort after the highest fees, the transfer time has gone from the previous 15min - 1 hour to several hours, sometimes days. How would you ever get Bitcoin integrated into a physical store when you cant guarantee they will get their money at all, as customers could make a double spend right after leaving since the transaction is just stuck in the mempool. What's the best solution to this? Make some other site hold your bitcoins, and they transfer them from your account to the merchants account inside their system from which you can deposit and he can withdraw, instead of you all transferring between wallets. And then there goes the decentralization, as this is what we normally call... a bank.
Anonymity? Well tumbling would be crazy at the fees it cost each time to make that many transfers, and the HD wallet just give you way more expensive transactions. And besides all these, its still easy to follow transactions with simple software. So where are all the anonymous features? Oh yeah, they are instead implemented on Monero and Dash..
It really doesn't look good for the future usage then, unless a serious update to many of these problems are getting solved.
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:05:10
I use it more and more often actually. Lastly a few works ago to renew my VPN subscription, which accepted all kinds of crypto currencies.
Litecoin was simply cheaper to use as payment due to the fees on bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:34:22
4) Are more places who previously just accepted Bitcoin, now starting to accept Litecoin as payment (among a few others)? YES, they happily are.
5) Have I used it to pay for a service or product recently? YES actually I have, several times..
@_date: 2017-05-07 20:19:48
Good news just keep coming in:
*Bitcoin Core’s transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit) was activated on Litecoin last week. Since then, Litecoin price massively increased at an exponential rate, due to rising interest from investors and traders.*
*On May 4, Litecoin briefly accounted for 22 percent of total daily cryptocurrency trading volume, hugely distancing itself from Ethereum. At the time or reporting, Litecoin still remains as the second most traded cryptocurrency in the market, at 15.31 percent of the global cryptocurrency exchange volume.*
@_date: 2017-07-03 01:23:51
But the many non-technical people who isn't using Bitcoin right now, but hopefully should start becoming more interested in what it is at some point, might be almost scared away due to confusion when they look it up on Wikipedia and see explanations about 4-5 Bitcoin versions/chains.
If you are totally confused from the beginning about which Bitcoin chain is even usable to get started with trying it out, its a lot easier to just look at your old trusty creditcard and think "this is something I know for sure".
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:00:20
I was thinking more of a VPS with high storage rather than power. The idea would be that the node could pay for itself by making just enough to pay for the VPS + a rather small amount on the side just to make it interesting.
It would require you could find high storage VPS at very cheap prices, and since prices/GB keeps declining every year, hopefully same would go for the hosting providers storage prices.
But its hard to say whether this would be cost/effective in any way, if suddenly there would be a gigantic payout to far to many full nodes, and at the same time transactions got cheaper.
Then it would almost require a hardfork to make a higher reward payout instead of halving it each 4 years.
So its complicated indeed though. :/
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:39:20
Why do you want it to be a bitcoin only?
Many customers actually like the opportunity to use several altcoins like Litecoin, Monero or Dash.
@_date: 2017-05-07 16:27:52
Litecoin has added an alternative back when things were boring, unknown and empty. Bitcoin is from 2009, Litecoin 2011. You cant really blame them for not having implemented from start the things we are struggling with now 5 years later.
What Litecoin have added is a cheaper and faster alternative as payment. And also an old solid blockchain which all is open source so people can learn some different approaches to blockchain software and theory, now that it has become a field of much interest in computer science.
Also Litecoin is the fourth Largest cryptocurrency used, so how it hasn't added any value at all, is difficult for me to see.
@_date: 2017-05-07 10:02:22
Bitcoin was the best of them for a long time. But with all the drama that has been, and now the huge problem with the gigantic fees which never seems to be able to get a solution, then why wouldn't a currency like Litecoin become more popular?
I actually use it more and more for a very simple reason. I can send a transaction with $0.01 in fee, and it will still get confirmed rather quickly. Try doing this with Bitcoin, or worse try it using a HD wallet with many input and change addresses in use, for just trying to get a little anonymity (although not that useful).
Suddenly the price for using Bitcoin becomes more expensive than a shitty Mastercard! 
What's the Bitcoin fee going to overhaul next, Western Union? Why would you even use Bitcoin then, when the whole glorified story of its usage was how simple it was to send money to someone on the other side of the planet instantly and for almost nothing.
@_date: 2016-07-26 19:14:19
That's the return for BTC. Try doing the math with USD values and it will suddenly look a lot better.
@_date: 2017-06-12 12:40:51
How can it be possible, in terms of pure economical expenses, to run a Bitcoin tumbler when the transaction fees are so high? I mean if tumbling is done by constantly sending many transactions with a large amount of different inputs and also a large amount of new outputs, then each transaction would be huge in size, and then end up with a gigantic transaction fee each time, over and over again.
(Unless tumbling is done way more different nowadays. This is just the way I remember it explained)
@_date: 2016-07-26 19:00:34
When doing margin lending, then its best not to use BTC, but exchange them for USD on the site. Then use those for the margin lending. The yield can easily go from 0.03 % to 0.06 % per day, so you need to check it often to adjust your auto-renew price.
The annual return can easily be 8%+ in USD. By doing margin lending with BTC or other cryptocoins, you are also subject to their current value, which isn't a problem with real fiat.
I would almost put my pension saving into this form, with the returns I have seen before, but I'm basically to scared that they would go MtGox at sometime. And then you return is zero, with complete loss..
So even though its a good idea, I'm to chicken to do it myself :(
But if you are going to do this, then spread out your funds to various exchanges who offers margin lending. Then you won't lose everything in case one goes down.
@_date: 2017-07-03 01:00:39
Isn't it more likely that we actually would end up with 2 chains indefinitely without one of them dying out?
The users and the group of miners who keep the old classic chain, could keep it alive for an eternity if they want to. And if they after a while get a small fortune built up in this chain (although as a large amount of coins, but with very low value), they probably wouldn't just throw them away and join the updated Bitcoin. As long as people are mining them, and others are holding on to them and maybe do a little trading, it unfortunately wont go away. It would probably be a very little used coin, but it annoyingly have a big group of large pricks backing it up and would keep advertising it as the only real one, to avoid it losing value (and thereby them losing money).
The only way one of them would die out, is if the exchanges would stop keeping both of them as a traded coin option. We still have Bitcoin Unlimited, which everyone would have expected to be long gone by now, but since its still available to trade, those with a fair amount of coins will still keep them in hope of getting a decent price if it was bought at a larger purchase price (or high mining expenses). F. ex. Bitfinex is still trading this one an also Bitcoin classic, but volume is only around 2 coins/day for classic and 25/day for unlimited. So compared to every other coin (f.ex the real Bitcoin volume is above 25k for just its USD pair) its a pretty useless coin. But still it just won't disappear :/
@_date: 2017-06-12 12:59:00
Isn't it possible to run the current blockchain and mining operation in such a way that it supports both the current 1MB blocksize but also some higher blocksizes which many users apparently would like to see implemented.
I'm guessing that currently there is a check function in the mining software and possibly the blockchain software (are they in reality the same, or?), that marks any blocks over 1MB as being invalid. But couldn't an update be able to fix this such that the miners wanting the current 1MB blocksize just would except 2MB (or 4MB) blocks as valid and then just try to add a new 1MB block to this one like nothing new was going on. This way the miners who don't want the change in blocksize can co-exists with the updated bigger blocksize miners, and there doesn't have to be any fork with yet another Bitcoin chain.
I don't know if miners are running some other blockchain software which isn't updated same time as the nodes, but if not, won't they update regularly and then all of them would get the updated version at some point. (or do miners sometimes choose never to upgrade because of disagreeing with something new?)
@_date: 2017-06-24 06:50:38
How about a section that is for regular pc's, and not only dependent on using a Raspberry pi?
F.ex I just finished setting up a Monero node on Linux for first time, and it was pretty confusing and a lot of feeling completely helpless as the guides available are very minimalistic with no explanation almost.
I tried first to set up a Bitcoin node on Debian 8, but it failed and couldn't start anything so that is on pause now. I will probably try again sometime later after getting something like Litecoin and Dash up and running first, as I hope they work better (or just are easier to set up).
@_date: 2017-06-27 05:31:41
Its very beginner friendly for windows and Ubuntu 16.04 desktop. Ubuntu even has a repository ready to install with a simple command..
But Debian 8 is quite a different story. When I googled it and spent hours searching, I just run into more people asking other questions without response, and several stackoverflow questions from frustrated user with errors and general problems with actually getting it up and running.
But fair enough, Its hard to make a guide that just work and all Linux distros and versions. I will probably get it working on a Debian server soon enough and then I will try and add a step-by-step guide to own blog and see if it will be helpful to some people.