@_author: kazrael02
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:21:52
Don't understand this train of thought. Couldn't you simply buy $100 worth of bitcoins and spend it on whatever and pocket the $20?
If you believe it'll go back up to $800, just keep it in bitcoins. It'll turn into $27. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 13:19:53
Had a restaurant for 9 years going on 10 now. Total # of chargebacks? Zero. 
At least for my type of business, its a non-issue.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:15:23
Wow... that is an epic list.
@_date: 2014-12-03 03:00:42
Well, my thought process is that if they get a significant portion of their donations in bitcoins, they'll be more likely to push that option near the top where it will be more visible.
It'd make a lot more sense to donate more than it would be to try to spam their inbox asking them to put it where everyone can see it. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:40:32
I'll take you up on that bet. :P
I don't know about 2 and 3. I could see myself going 50/50 odds on the Amazon one though. How much do you want to bet? I'd be willing to pony up 1 bitcoin for the first condition. Want to make that a $700 bet instead?
@_date: 2014-06-15 14:06:23
Except that should be cancelled out by all the times you were lucky at the lower end of the difficulty and unlucky when difficulty rises,  no?
Think selective memory is more of a factor than anything else here. The times you "lost" just stand out more than the times you've "won".
@_date: 2017-09-17 17:19:53
See, if you're rich, you're using a bigger portion of common resources. Things like a police force and military that keeps all of our stuff safe? If you're poor, you have nothing to lose, if you're rich, you NEED a law abiding society that much more to protect 'your' stuff.
If you're rich enough, you might even need a private security force just to keep other assholes away from your stuff, assuming the guys you hired don't stab you in the back and take all your stuff for themselves.
A law abiding society is in the best interests of everyone, but it does a helluva lot more for people with stuff to lose than it does for people with nothing to lose. 
So yes, go ahead and open that can of worms. :)
There's a lot of places where you could go where there are virtually no taxes to speak of, or you can avoid it pretty readily. You could move there if it bothers you that much. 
But coming from a country where most small businesses in the area I grew up in had to pay 'protection money' to thugs just to stay in business, as a business owner, and yes, as a recently minted millionaire, I like it a LOT here. 
Koreans have a saying that the law is far, and the fist is near. I still remember little thugs in the making camping out routes from school to the subway stations shaking down kids for money as they left for the day.
I'll pay my taxes to live in a proper law abiding society, cause it is a helluva lot better than the alternative.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:21:41
No system is perfect, if you have a better solution, you have our collective ears. 
But what you want actually results in more suffering to go all around for EVERYONE involved. Go far enough along that road and you don't have a society to begin with, the same could be said of going all the way to the other end, (communism) so the real question is, where is the balance?
The US has a pretty shitty safety net by first world standards. 
Doubly so if you consider the fact that we're the richest/most powerful country in the world by a wide margin. We also have shitty life expectancy despite spending the biggest percentage of our GDP on healthcare, ridiculous infant mortality, jail a bigger percentage of our population than Russia in the height of Stalin's dictatorship and a demagogue for a president who's the laughing stock of the entire world. 
Because collectively, we are so lacking in education that we put a man that can't string a coherent sentence together in that office. Our bestselling books are 50 shades of grey and Twilight. 
I don't like Donald Trump, but I recognize why he's in office. It's because people are unhappy. They're sick of a system that keeps them down. And he offered a convenient scapegoat. Big government. Immigrants. Bernie did the same thing, but he was much closer to the mark. Corporations. 
So you want to go further down that path? Cause it magically gets better in that direction?
@_date: 2017-09-17 20:06:52
Sigh.. I see you are also a product of this failed education system.
Instead of addressing any of the issues, and investigating any of the points I bring up, or bringing your own to the table... you opt for sound bytes regurgitated from your chosen sources. 
Carry on. :)
@_date: 2017-09-17 12:14:45
Or think of it as... You're living at a co-op with shared utilities n you're being a dick about pulling your own weight. That money they collect don't just disappear into the ether, it gets spent on the people living in the co-op. You live here, you are benefiting from it.
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:46:36
Yes, I wish the world was perfect too and we only had honest actors and no one games the system. 
I also wish I could fly by farting rainbows. But seeing as I can't do that, and the world isn't just chock full of responsible people who take personal responsibility for their actions,  I would prefer a system that actually takes into account bad actors and minimizes the damage they cause as opposed to one that... doesn't. Because the world isn't black or white. There's a whole lot of grey. Even in people. People on the bottom rung of the socioeconomic ladder aren't all 'born' bad actors, some of them give it the good ol' college try, don't get anywhere, and then say "fuck this" and turn into bad actors. 
You have a tendency to have a lot more of those in societies without a robust safety net. 
So .. right back at ya. "Woosh"~
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:47:14
Wait.. you think the problems we're experiencing is because we're moving closer towards a socialist hellhole?
Who's voting for increased sentencing geared towards punishment instead of reducing recidivism?
Who's voting for an outdated drug war that flies against all evidence?
Income gap is going in what direction again in the past 30 years?
Have you even looked at our historical tax rates? And seen the trend it's going towards in the past 50+ years?
Government regulation of monopolies?
And looked at who's voting to allow increased contributions from corporations to politicians?
The farce that is Citizens United?
Literally all evidence we have points to us going the other way. Our healthcare system is the laughing stock of the world. The pile of shit that is Obamacare is what it is because Obama was dumb enough to try to compromise with people who had no intention of being reasonable to begin with. They should have pushed through single payer when they had the chance to do so.
We're quite literally the only first world nation in the whole world that doesn't have universal healthcare. Iran has universal healthcare. China has universal healthcare. India has universal healthcare. Who's fighting that happening?
So what direction do we need to move in again?
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:10:33
Look at you be naive again. What do you think those people do when you take everything from them? You think the Romans threw bread into the crowd for shits and giggles?
It's because when you take everything from someone, they don't just lie down and die, they do whatever they need to to survive. It's in the best interests for any given society to provide a safety net, not because it's fair, because when you don't, the ones at the bottom have a nasty habit of getting violent.