@_author: kdon55
@_date: 2019-01-08 16:39:02
The value of Bitcoin increase as more people buy it. However, it also decreases as people sell, which is why people tend to think it is volatile. The value of Bitcoin comes down to basic economics: scarcity, utility, supply and demand. Bitcoin is similar to gold, in the sense that it is scare - there is a limited supply - it will be capped at 21 million Bitcoins (that is all that can ever exist). Besides this it is also useful - it is divisible and a fraction of it can be used to pay someone for something. The transactions are also verifiable, thanks to the Blockchain. Therefore, it is both scares and is useful, hence its value. The value of it Bitcoin is dependent on its price which is determined by the market in which it trades - this means its value is linked to supply and demand - just like any other commodity.
I would suggest investing in Bitcoin now in some way or another. My two favorite ways to do this (besides buying Bitcoin) is to make use of cloud mining,  investments or safe gambling. Cloudmining with  - invested $150 and made about 300% ROI in one year! Short-term Micro-Investments with  - invested a small amount of $60 and made 100% ROI in just over 6 months allowing me to reinvest and double it again. Gamble safely with expertise and expertly and make over 500% of initial deposit over 2 months. One key secret is to choose a game your are good at and a good gambling site. My favorite is , [Vegas Casino](  
With increased usage and wider adoption of Bitcoin, the demand for bitcoins is always increasing. With a constant supply and increasing demand, the only factor in the equation that can budge is the price of bitcoin by going up. Hence, assuming increased demand, the Bitcoin price gradually increases over the long-term.
Of course, transactions over the Bitcoin network do not directly affect the market price of Bitcoin. 
In the sense that an active Bitcoin network reflects a healthy protocol enjoying plenty of usage and demand, there is an indirect influence. Only where bitcoins interface with other currencies at exchanges is there a direct impact on the price of Bitcoin. Every bitcoin exchange transaction that involves the purchasing of bitcoin via another currency, whether fiat or cryptocurrency, has the effect of pushing the bitcoin price up. Because the bitcoins are changing hands from the exchanges wallet to the buyers wallet there is an accompanying Bitcoin network transaction. However, it is the exchange transaction that counts toward an uptick in the Bitcoin exchange rate. Routine purchases are made daily, for various purposes, and typically increasing toward month-end. Every exchange transaction that involves the selling of bitcoin, i.e. exchanging for fiat or another cryptocurrency causes a downtick in the price of Bitcoin.
Someone working in the US, and paid in US Dollars, wants to send money to their family in Zambia. Instead of using the illustrious Western Union, they opt for the Bitcoin payment network. No queues, no forms to fill in, no proverbial rubber gloves, and no extortionate fee. They purchase bitcoin via an exchange that offers BTC/USD, send the bitcoins to a relatives Bitcoin address, and 30 minutes later the relative in Zambia redeems some (or all) of the bitcoin for Kwacha via a local exchange offering BTC/ZMK.
Buy-and-hold investors have been included in the category above (rather than here) merely because their buying and selling of bitcoin is infrequent. The present category does include, however, the early adopters a group that includes Satoshi Nakamoto and most of the earliest Bitcoin miners. Their bitcoin holdings are sizable and their special status as founders of the Bitcoin network entitles them to profit-taking for buying houses, cars and other sizeable purchases typically only available via fiat payment. Due to an unfortunate accident of history, the central banks and government have become bed-fellows. As a result, their activities and interests are intertwined, and their agent of exerting control and wielding power became money. It stands to reason that any useful money not directly controlled by them is a Problem. Notice, in the following chart, how eBay considering Bitcoin apparently ignites a rally, yet Dell the worlds largest IT retailer actually accepting Bitcoin payment leads to a sell-off.
The pushes and pulls on the Bitcoin price are diverse. Some are slow but steady, like the gradually rising Supply/Demand curve for a stable bitcoin supply base. Others are violent and sentimental, such as the speculative trades that see the buying and selling of tens of thousands bitcoin via exchanges every day. Bitcoins price chart shows a long-term rising average price despite the often opposing forces exerting their influence on the market. Merchants and consumers each balance the others predominant buying or selling tendency.
@_date: 2019-01-08 13:33:58
Yes. Nice info
@_date: 2019-01-06 17:01:50
From the way things are,  One has to be very careful and not get carried away by greed.  Many investors due to the profit they have made in the past get carried away in the euphoria of riches made from betting that sometimes they forget to use common sense, analytical mindset and intuitive sense of reasoning before gambling. So some peoplein the market who are out to enrich themselves get to outmaneuver and scam them. Although,  one can argue that there is no one that has not been scammed before.  I for example have lost a good amount of money to fake betting sites before I came to know about  [Vegas Casino] (
This crypto based online casino provides the opportunity to play various type of casino games from table games,  slots,  pokers,  video games, blackjack etc. 
I have a played a lot of good games there. But I would like to know, What are your determining criteria for a fair gambling site?  I would like to know. I have gone through a lot of sites. Because most sites are all about the same except of course, for some gambling sites with distinctive features.
 O yes, there are many casino/gambling sites but I never agree with all. They all claim to be fair and good but offer nothing special apart from giving gamblers their due. And most of them even waste time before they pay gamblers and you call that fair. When do we realize that we ought to take the bull by the horn and work towards promoting good gambling websites. 
For me, I would call a gambling site “fair” when they allow me to bet without going through stress in registration and also withdrawal since I have neither requested for their tax payers license nor have I requested to know about their registration documents. I have also never asked to know how they designed their system. So the least can do for me is to pay me on time and most importantly “ don’t give me troubles” whenever I come around gambling. 
I have found some decent casino sites I can call “fair”. Because they fulfill the criteria I listed above. And most importantly they don’t give me troubles when it comes to deposits and withdrawals. 
They are a sure thing to me because they have that extra coloring and enticement that I term sweet. “ The deposit bonus”. Aside the above mentioned ones, Examples include Betchain, Nitrogen sports and Betonline You would want to ask why. Because they offer huge deposit bonus and a massive 225% deposit bonus for 1st deposits.