@_author: kduffey
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:46:17
I appreciate Antonopolis, but I disagree with a lot of what he says. For Bitcoin to get where most of us want it to get to where you can transact globally with an extremely large adoption rate by businesses, you need large companies to buy in. Not just overstock.com (ideological) and tech retail companies who think they can get a leg up with technie-bitcoin enthusiasts.  
He's too ideological. Ideology may have helped bitcoin get off the ground (for the record, I agree w/ lots of the ideology), but it won't help it get mass adoption. For bitcoin to become a regular part of everyday life for the masses, ideology will need to be tossed aside. Let the technology speak for itself. It's a better version of transacting globally. It works. Let's let it work.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:41:59
I take the position that Allaire is a VERY GOOD thing for bitcoin. For bitcoin to become a legitimate means of commerce for mainstream business you need guys like Allaire, you need regulation which gives businesses confidence to proceed. Not to mention, the next leg up in price will likely be driven by Wall Street money and possibly some ETFs. Bitcoin becoming legitimized outside of the ideological circles that it originated in will enable all of this. 
Would you prefer the opposite? A government crack down on US businesses preventing them from dealing with bitcoin? Don't be so short sighted and ideological. Jeremy Allaire is doing GREAT things for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:01:17
No it's not big enough. If not other merchants began accepting bitcoin and Tigerdirect kept accepting bitcoins for the foreseeable future, bitcoin would not ever be widely used. For bitcoin to succeed long term, we need more and more businesses to adopt, it encouraging a larger ecosystem to build around bitcoin.
Whether you're hoping for bitcoin to be a primary means of commerce from a business perspective so you can save on fees or if you're a speculator looking for bitcoin to gain in value, it's a chicken and egg process. Tiger Direct was a nice addition, but much, much more is needed. I think it's coming, but a negative outcome in the regulatory will definitely put a dent in the momentum especially in the US.
Antonopolis emphasizes the third world countries and how bitcoin is really attractive to these groups, and he's right, but those groups won't drive bitcoin to higher values and a more important part of the global economy without the US economy buying into it. 
For Antonopolis to be concerned about the "purity" of bitcoin rather than be encouraged by more mainstream businesses buying into bitcoin, it makes me tune him out a bit. Just my opinion. I'm surely welcome to hear any rebuttals and learn from those who disagree.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:39:07
The video is here: 
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:17:44
I'm a bitcoin fan, but this article makes legitimate arguments. Namely... "Bitcoins should never be stored on an internet-connected device. But what sort of online currency requires using offline computers for all storage?"
Thoughts?