@_author: keb_
@_date: 2017-01-03 19:44:41
It's incredibly foolish to share this sort of stuff before Bitcoin or its successors somehow have "duress codes" built-in, and probably even after, in this case, since it's a physical coin. I implore you to reconsider the consequences of sharing this information and to make a "just kidding" follow-up post repudiating your holdings.
I think people tend to overlook the other edge of the cryptocurrency blade; I'd hate for your story to be the wake-up call.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:32:07
Many have struggled and died trying to obtain US citizenship. To take citizenship completely for granted, then discard it as soon as it becomes inconvenient is abject cynicism. This particular instance, I suspect, is an expression of vanity in the highest degree. I'd like to see him try to justify being stateless while indigent.
I don't waste my time hating on this guy, and for all I know he could have redeeming qualities, but citing that factoid is a great way to place him in public contempt, right quick, since the rest of us aren't generally pleased with paying taxes, but do so regardless.
@_date: 2017-08-11 02:13:50
I made the mistake of assuming you just wanted to understand why onlookers might think renouncing citizenship is a selfish and irresponsible thing to do. The extra details don't change my opinion, either, for whatever it's worth. They just make him sound like even more of a spoiled child who's collected his toys to go play elsewhere by himself.
You aren't doing him any favors as his apologist, by the way.
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:54:37
I should have written "bitcoin is money with more utility". The two characteristics you list are part of that utility. Basically, I just mean that, in theory, you can do more useful things with it than with regular cash: it cant be seized, cant be destroyed, can be transmitted with (almost) no fees, semi-anonymous, etc.
Bitcoin is not yet adopted enough to be usable on every shop of every street corner, so yes, practically speaking, it's not as useful as cash/credit/debit/etc for most everyday purposes, but that's not because of some aspect of it as a currency.
I concede that the practical utility of Bitcoin is currently still rather low, since it's adoption is low, but if it realizes its full potential, it'll be clearly superior to fiat in a lot of applications.
@_date: 2016-05-26 16:14:35
By virtual trading I just mean you have a brokerage account that works in every way just like a normal account, except when your bot enters a trade, it does not result in a real trade; your account starts at like 100,000 phony USD or something and it simulates what gains/losses you would get as a result of the trades your bot would do based on whatever rules you coded.
I don't recommend trying to use bitcoin to evade taxes / laws. I recommend it to get better utility out of your money. That's really the fundamental reason why it exists.
@_date: 2015-11-22 23:34:01
While I don't agree with adding backdoors for "good guys", the claim quoted in the article is only half correct. If done carefully, you can leave a vulnerability in software that is only exploitable by attackers who have a private key corresponding to a public one (e.g. a "bug" in code that can only be exploited by data received through a TLS connection to apple.com). It may not stay hidden forever, but it will remain unusable for as long as the key is not compromised.
Encryption "backdoors" are a different matter. If there's some flaw in the math that makes it possible to decrypt anyone's data offline, then yes, it can easily become an open secret.
@_date: 2016-05-18 12:59:01
You're absolutely right about having total control over bitcoins. The buying power of bitcoin may fluctuate, but the advantages it has over fiat currency will never change.
Maybe in the future you will find that even though the exchange-rate of bitcoin to your native currency has decreased, you're able to use it to pay for something you otherwise had no way to. If everything you own is destroyed or seized, you'll still have your bitcoin, provided you've hidden away an encrypted backup of your wallet in the cloud. No other type of currency has this durability. These features and others are the real power of cryptocurrency that I think too many people understate.
I think you see this value but are being dissuaded by the speculators who drive the price up and down. If the tradeoff between its advantages and the inconveniences it brings make sense to *you*, and you can afford it, then you owe it to yourself to try it out. You're already on the right path by thinking critically about your finances, and how to make money work for you, rather than the other way around.
Also, just to be clear, you can buy any fraction of a bitcoin to suit the amount of risk you want to take.
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:11:18
If you encrypt the wallet before you upload (using GPG or even 7zip) it and rename it something to suggest it contains other kinds of less sensitive data, then it's probably *more* secure than the unencrypted copy sitting on one of your hard disks with only the wallet passphrase and the integrity of that machine to protect your bitcoins. Pick several free cloud storage providers for redundancy. It's also possible to make paper backups of wallets you can store in safes etc, and you can ever have them printed out so that any 2 of the 3 (or any N of M) sheets of paper can be recombined to recover the wallet.
@_date: 2016-05-26 07:32:07
All governments have the legal right to seize the property and funds of its citizens in accordance with their own laws. Since it is physically impossible for anyone to seize bitcoins unless you agree to surrender them (unless they're held for you in some website's wallet -- don't do that), they will just hold you in contempt of court, jail you, etc. until you comply or you endure everything they try to punish you with. This all assumes they have the information and expertise it takes to prove that you are holding some bitcoins to begin with. If you claim you lost access to / no longer have  / never had them, the burden of proof is on your government to prove that that isn't true before they can punish you, at least in the USA.
If you're getting your wages garnished, that money is gone even before it hits your bank account, if I'm not mistaken. Even if you were able to hide away money that they claim you owe them, it wouldn't protect you from the consequences. Bitcoin doesn't really help you in any way stuffing cash into a secret hole in the ground wouldn't, in this case.
Writing a trading bot is challenging. Consider that your competitors have years of experience and head start on you, and that they have large reserves of cash to create artificial moves in price. If you're really interested in that, I suggest you just trade on the regular stock markets using virtual cash (some sites exist that allow APIs for trading and give you dummy virtual cash to test what-if scenarios), to proof whatever trading logic you come up with in markets that are much less manipulatable and more liquid.
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:05:34
So, a higher spot price means greater adoption? That's some sound financial insight, WSJ! What a joke of a publication its become.