@_author: keeganspeck
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:59:38
I get the push-back, but notice how it specifically says "irrespective of" in the example text? And in the synonym list, it specifies a preposition (like "of", "to", "for") when it's necessary for that synonym? That's why it's not a *drop-in* replacement. You might say "That's irrespective of/to my point.", but not just "Irrespective." as an interjection on its own. Just tryin' to be helpful. It's hard not to sound like a dick talking about grammar. Plus, English is fluid and evolving, so you're not categorically wrong, it's just not the commonly accepted use.
With respect to the security issue, you're totally right, I should have qualified that. I'm a developer myself, and what the poster mentioned above us is important: the way an application exposes your login info can be indicative of how that info is stored.
If what he said is true (I don't personally use bitstamp so I can't confirm), it means they don't store their passwords and user ID securely, and if someone *outside* bitstamp were to access their database it would be trivial to associate passwords with user creds. Whereas with properly encrypted data, even if an attacker had access they would have to cross an enormously (if not impossibly) difficult and time-consuming hurdle to get anything usable out of it, even with a perfect copy of their database.
As to why 2FA might not necessarily protect you, there have been exploits with Authy where download links texted to users were replaced by a malicious clone that somehow ended up on the Play Store temporarily, and users were duped into unknowingly installing malware that could steal access codes. There's also the possibility that if you have a phone number registered with them for SMS-based 2FA (I don't know if that's a feature supported by bitstamp, but this could apply to other websites which mishandle user credentials) then you already know they don't encrypt their data properly, so that number is available to attackers and associated with user data as well, providing another surface for attack.
If you have any other questions about this, feel free to ask. I'll try to respond to the best of my ability.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:07:08
Yeah, you're absolutely right! I was trying to put it in lay terms. I specifically avoided mentioning hashes to keep things simple for people not familiar with the process, because hashing _is_ still a type of encryption. It's not inaccurate to describe it that way, it's just overly simplified for the sake of explanation.
I agree with everything you're saying about password exposure, but I was (and still am? Maybe the original poster could clarify) under the impression that the situation we are talking about is one where the original client ID and password _are_ sent to the user over email. Instead, a random password should be generated for the sole purpose of resetting access to the account in the case of forgotten credentials. If that's what's happening then third-party access to the data is a heck of a lot easier even if everything's properly stored. And that's part of why I said "can" in the last comment—it doesn't necessarily mean that's what's happening, but it's a huge red flag.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:22:42
That won't necessarily help. They clearly don't store passwords and user identification correctly, and depending on what 2FA scheme you use it might not make any difference.
(also, I'm not saying this to be an asshole, maybe this might be helpful in the future: "irrespective" isn't a drop-in replacement word for "irrelevant"... maybe autocorrect got ya?)
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:42:44
Hahah, okay, if you want to be stubborn about it, go here: 
Search for the word "irrespective" and see all the published uses of the word in their corpus, and then search for _your_ use of the word.


Sure, do whatever you'd like! But for anyone reading this thread, be sure to keep actual safety in mind. Bitcoin exchanges and wallets present a low-risk/high-reward target for attackers, so it's good to be aware of security issues that may affect you personally.