@_author: keeial
@_date: 2015-12-23 14:24:39
"True" inflation is directly proportional to the increase in the money supply.  Nothing to it.  Simple math.  "Measured" inflation as claimed by whatever entity is an attempt to gauge the extent to which the market has become aware of the increase in money supply.
If increased money supply is not inflation, then let us just print everyone a million dollars and we will all be rich and live happily ever after.
Government-tied organizations have every incentive to massage "measured" inflation numbers and, as demonstrated by the ever changing basket of goods, they do.   And the more of them report about the same number, the more convincing it might seem to the general public.  Imagine what would happen if a government-tied organization reported something quite different... Would that maverick be rewarded and acclaimed amidst the ensuing national economic turmoil?  Or would the report be downplayed and spun as a stupid error?  Are you aware of how much public perception influences the economy?  The entire house-of-cards financial is  founded upon the public perception that the government and banks know what's best because economics is *so* complicated.
Bitcoin has a capped money supply that has been known from the beginning.  True inflation can thus not occur in Bitcoin.  On the other hand, there is no cap for fiat currency and the degree of expansion is kept as unpredictable as possible.
Anyhow, if you want to do an experiment in inflation, find some real world prices from 50 or so years ago and see what they come out to if you add 2% yearly inflation until present day.  Then try 10% yearly inflation and see which result is closer to the current off-the-shelf price for that product.
@_date: 2015-12-22 13:13:14
T-bonds and certain popular Vanguard funds are my examples of what might be considered safe means of investing; i.e. they are supposed to beat inflation a little bit.  I was not claiming that you cited them as examples.  Have the 'inflation pegged' instruments you mentioned resulted in significantly different returns, historically?


Because they're looking at the same manipulated CPI data, year after year (while generally ignoring the dizzying expansion of the money supply, year after year).
Did you read the article I linked earlier?
@_date: 2015-12-18 00:23:03
fwiw, is one core dev I have absolute faith in
@_date: 2015-12-18 12:57:48
Perhaps, but it might depend on what one considers the inflation rate to be at a given time.
@_date: 2015-12-17 22:05:10


@_date: 2015-12-25 16:54:30
You have just made my point but you are afraid to prove it to yourself.
@_date: 2015-12-18 00:22:06
Investment can be done by those who do their due diligence, see a reward and are comfortable taking the risk.  Cattle prods are not necessary for economic growth.  An inflationary currency puts constant pressure for participants to beat inflation via 'investment' or lose their hard earned value.
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:00:55
Who decides the inflation rate?  If the official claimed rate is 3% but a more accurate rate is 6%, any investment pegged to the official rate can trumpet success while truly failing to protect your money's value.
Measuring Inflation Isn’t Easy
Aside: When the terms 'risk-free' and 'investment' are not mutually exclusive, shouldn't one wonder how that can be?
@_date: 2015-12-22 01:27:53
What I'm arguing is that the inflation rate is likely to be officially under-reported and while those buying T-bonds or doing Vanguard or whatever think they're making out a little bit 'risk free', it's more likely they're actually still being shaved 3% or so at any given time.
'Risk free' = socialized cost = everyone ends up paying for the losers.  Not ethical in my opinion.
@_date: 2016-01-19 12:46:55




This is just setting up a more official-looking and efficient system for demagogic manipulation.  Better to just play principled chicken and clean up the mess than create mechanisms to facilitate caving to the Idiocracy.
The whole point of Bitcoin is that it's secure from whimsical manipulation.
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:41:10
Who is anti-fee market?
@_date: 2016-01-23 22:11:57
For Bitcoin to maintain intractable decentralized consensus - and the value that corresponds to that - the rules in force the last time consensus was reached must stay in force until the next time consensus is reached.  This is self evident.  Have whatever knock down drag it out struggle you want to reach consensus, or leave, but that's how consensus rules work.
People will do what people will do but in a 'victorious' coup hardfork scenario, the fork that broke the consensus rules is dead on its feet because the community that supports it - predicated on non-consensus change - will be utterly defenseless against further non-consensus rule changes e.g. it took 75% majority to change the blocksize so we only need 75% majority to change other parameter X.
Imagine people changing the properties of gold with a 75% majority vote and imagine what that might do to its perceived value.
@_date: 2016-01-18 19:57:49
Fundamental misunderstandings abound in OP.  Here is a proper analysis of the situation: 
 
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:13:03


Perhaps but I'd trust a team of proven &amp; cautious cypherpunk developers over engineering by popular vote any day.


Call it hero worship, but I'd like to think that those specific guys wouldn't play along.  And unless all of them were somehow convinced to play along at once, one or another of them would notice whatever compromised contingent acting odd.  Or the public would.  Plus it's all open source blah blah blah.


What do you think the mainstream media does on a daily basis?  
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:03:53
The developers currently maintaining core - volunteers - come to consensus and release updates that they all agree upon.  Once deployed in the wild, I believe the threshold for consensus acceptance of new rules has been 95% of full nodes.
This article might clarify my position on consensus rules and hostile takeover hardforks:


Right - only everyone can.  The authority of decentralized consensus.  That's how Bitcoin has historically worked.


They can make whatever fork they want.  If they want to be an attacker they can try to hijack the Bitcoin blockchain and impose new rules without consensus.  Otherwise they can mine their own genesis block and start a new chain with their new rules.
@_date: 2016-01-21 12:47:45


Because the arguments the demagogues make and the objectives they claim to hold do not make technical sense.
Because the arguments core make and the objectives they claim to hold make technical sense.
Notice how the vast majority of technical observers side with core.  Notice how the handful of state friendly devs and technical observers side against core.  Not saying it's all orchestrated necessarily, just that state friendly agents are not going to view the state as the same kind of threat.  And - I'd guess - neither is the majority of the public.
Because despite the dire warnings from XT and classic supporters the whole time about imminent sky fall, Bitcoin continues to work fine and a transaction fees might be up to 3 or 5 cents.  


If what XT did or 'classic' wants to do was run on its own separate blockchain the answer would've have been just that


instead what XT did or 'classic' wants to do is: attack.  Replace.  Coup.  Attempt to force control by riling up 75% users with nonsensical arguments that appeal to their sense of cheapness, fairness, freedom or the 'eternal truth' of whatever cherry-picked Satoshi quote from 5 years ago.
@_date: 2016-01-08 17:14:07


It seems like a lot of Bitcoin users are more interested in current price or adoption levels than the longer term ramifications of a global public ledger.  If bitcoin fungibility *can* be affected, it *will* be affected.  Priority  should be removing that possibility.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:58:19
Erik, please read this if you haven't yet.  I'd like to hear what you think: 
@_date: 2016-01-17 16:11:48


Alarmist blather whipped up by demagogues.  (Gavin: The blocksize needs to be 20 NOW OR ELSE.  Oh right I mean 8 NOW OR ELSE.)  Popular response:  In Gavin we trust.  Increase blocksize FOR FREEDOM).


Really?  Like what?  Gavin's absurd findings that don't take into account not everyone having a Boston metro class internet connection?  The 'stress tests' which amounted to nothing?  Peter R's painful to watch nonsensical presentations?


Thing is, raising the blocksize is a dumb scaling solution.  The Lightning network is a smart scaling solution.  Should we hardfork to whatever out of sheer impatience, because third world countries?


That was 100% pure Theymos and although he may support core, as many technical observers would, it doesn't mean Core is implicated in a diabolical conspiracy.  It just means Theymos is an authoritarian bastard who doesn't want discussion of implementations that incorporate sub-concensus thresholds for hardforks.  Regardless, 'the pressure' was once again demagogue blather, freshly augmented with anti-censorship righteousness.


Then please look more closely before jumping to conclusions.  Bram's writeup is dead on.
@_date: 2016-01-23 13:17:28


Thank you


I would say: "but that's how open source projects *that don't derive their value from intractable decentralized consensus* work.  And without that qualification, it's easy to conceptually lump Bitcoin Core with behavior in other open source projects.


If the change is a breaking change (i.e., hard fork), then you'll have a bit harder time pushing that -- as you've seen with BItcoin XT, Unlimited, Classic, etc.
@_date: 2016-01-20 15:07:55


@_date: 2016-01-22 00:08:38


95% or 75%


Put another way:  insofar as decentralized consensus is secure, it is valuable.




But what happens after that successful attack?  The steps taken to succeed are a fill-in-the-blank template for future attacks on that victorious chain.  Best of luck selling that chain.  It's really secure until the next popularity contest!  Thus, in a majority 'victory' scenario, the attack would more or less burn Bitcoin to the ground and some kind of phoenix would arise from the ashes.
Much greater chance of any sort of success starting FollowsMajorityCoin from scratch with a rule set that includes majority rule dynamics from the very beginning.


I apologize if I am coming across that way but as I said, it's very easy to swallow rhetoric about 'centralized authority is keeping us down', 'democratic vote' and 'the free market will decide' when Bitcoin is trumpeted for making centralized authority obsolete, sidestepping oppressive governments and freeing markets.
Counterintuitively, Bitcoin itself is not about any of that.  All that matters is preserving consensus amidst constant attack.  To the extent that it does this it will succeed.
@_date: 2016-01-20 16:11:48
These people, and obviously consider.it, are terminally user focused.  They sure can please the crowds.  Tell them what they want to hear. Fight for the people's right to get what they want!  Demagoguery.  If that's the kind of leadership you have spearheading a State antagonizing enterprise, it's going to get co-opted.  As easy as it was for those guys to whip up support, it will be easier for their State backed replacements.


Ah so I guess it was the users and not the cypherpunks who cultivated Bitcoin and its predecessors then.  Only fitting that the users should be put be in control.  Clearly they would have the wherewithal and ideological fortitude to navigate the course of revolution.
@_date: 2016-01-24 23:21:22
meant to link the OP: 
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:29:00


It's *easier* for the millions to overthrow the few of course.  But it's not a simple effort optimization problem.  What will the result be?  Until a fork actually occurs that's what I hope people will think about.  Do they want HoneyBadgerCoin made by cypherpunks who live and breathe crypto-revolution?  Or do they want AppeaseTheUserCoin made by majority vote of likely under-informed users?  What happens when all the consensus rules for AppeaseTheUserCoin are made by 'expedient' majority vote?
And here's a different question:  Is your above conflict an organic free market event or an orchestrated attack?  How would the public know the difference?  Which side sounds more like political ballyhoo?  What are the typical results of political ballyhoo?


Jeff I respect but I think Bitcoin needs a cypherpunk ethos that he lacks.
Gavin: 


I think the majority of Core contributors would rather stick to their principles in one way or another.  Once there's a precedent for hostile takeover in a coin, the fear of future user intervention will haunt and degrade it.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:31:05
I like it
@_date: 2016-01-20 23:01:18
please do so
@_date: 2016-01-09 13:18:35
hypotheticals like this:
@_date: 2016-01-26 18:14:26
AFAIK, according to these "rules", a BIP which changes consensus rules can be discussed (see killerstorm's comment) but clients which actively deploy live consensus rule changes in the wild cannot be discussed.
@_date: 2016-01-23 13:34:34


...as a check on the power of the Bitcoin Core developers, especially if they were, say, compelled to release an update that completely ruins Bitcoin


'Economic majority' sounds like another way of saying &gt;50%.   Wouldn't you want a system that derives its value from intractable decentralized consensus to adopt changes that are more or less unanimously accepted?  Why in the world would you suggest that a HARD FORK is the proper time to abandon consensus acceptance in favor of 'economic majority'?
@_date: 2016-01-18 22:25:36
@_date: 2016-01-23 02:27:21
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:41:41
oh the track record where he:
* presents to the CIA
* presents to the CFR
* thinks Bitcoin is just like an experiment guys
* has a piece of Zimbabwean currency in his wallet.  This will be his single public act of appearing to understand what Bitcoin is.  Ever.
* claims Bitcoin's key feature is that transactions make him feel good
* 20MB blocks are CRITICAL NOW.  oh right I MEAN 8MB NOW MY GOD! (a year later everything is fine)
* abandons developer engagement to lobby the public for block size increase
* works for defense contractor MIT
Whatever his past contributions to Bitcoin were, he's currently either oblivious or under State control.
@_date: 2016-01-19 20:01:01
Certainly, but if you 'Listen to the Market' to make consensus rule changes, you are asking to dramatically reshape Bitcoin according to the market's fickle and easily manipulated opinion.  What if 'the market majority' does not want a fee market for transactions? e.g. 'every transaction should cost the same because that's what users want!' or 'no fees on the main chain!'.  How will that work out in the long run?  Go down this road and every consensus rule - including the sacred 21 million - will come up for debate and a 'market majority ruling' will be made.
Sure what's happening is all free market dynamics (Hearn conspiracy theories aside), but was Bitcoin conceived to appease the greatest number of people as quickly as possible or was it conceived to provide disintermediated monetary sovereignty in a relentlessly adversarial environment?
If the former, then there we have it.  If the latter then: Why do you want to help AppeaseTheMajorityCoin replace Bitcoin?
Today you're seemingly all for this thread's idea: helping speed along a hostile hardfork.  The other day I saw you say - in response to Theymos' ditching the Bitcoin Classic thread - something like "the more censorship...the more I'm thinking anything but Core".  While I think it is ludicrous for Theymos to have done that, I do not think it has ANYTHING to do with Core.  How can you, of all people, conflate Theymos and Core?  I can understand a casual spectator like Falkvinge misreading things that way.  But you are IN IT and have been an insightful presence in the community for awhile.
@_date: 2016-01-23 18:47:43


It's complex to predict what will happen only if Bitcoin's value is misunderstood.  What the 'economic majority' may not understand is that forcibly breaking decentralized consensus of a thing whose value comes from its intractable decentralized consensus will leave the 'economic majority' with a dead carcass that will commence rotting as soon they gain control of it.


With a *conventional product*, the Economic Majority is always right *from the perspective of a producer that desires only profit* -- whether it makes sense to us at the time or not.
With Bitcoin, consensus is always right - whether it makes sense to us at the time or not.
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:39:53
Well articulated.  IMO the real 'governance' of the Bitcoin protocol takes place at github where code is a vote for change and developer consensus is held sacrosanct.  Meritocracy pure and simple.  IMO, if market agents want something different than that, they are free to sell off and move to an alt that pleases them.
If a rogue developer minority wants to drum up support for AngryMobTantrumCoin, they are free to do so on a fresh new chain.
If, instead, they attempt to stage a coup for the Bitcoin blockchain via Idiocracy, then that's a clearly a hostile (&amp; perhaps state/cartel backed) power grab and anyone who supports such action deserves what they get.  Pretty soon all the consensus rules will be up for 'majority vote' and you'll have StateWelfareEqualityAffirmitiveActionElectMeSurveillanceForTheGreaterGoodCoin.
In such a coup scenario the cypherpunk developers will hopefully bail and continue work toward HoneyBadgerCoin but this time with more ironclad conviction and clarity about their goals.
@_date: 2016-01-20 15:31:05
Before you take the effort to stage a coup, make sure your leaders aren't demagogues.
@_date: 2016-01-23 22:14:18
Run a new client every day so long as it runs with the consensus rules.  Run a client that attempts to break the consensus rules and you are an attacker.
@_date: 2016-01-23 14:04:56
The easiest way to fail is to forget what Bitcoin is.  If Bitcoin doesn't provide intractable decentralized consensus amidst relentless attack, it has no value.  Part of that intractability is making Bitcoin VERY HARD to change i.e. change acceptance thresholds &gt;95%.  If people don't get this and wish to transact in other ways, they are free to leave Bitcoin.  If they try to take the Bitcoin blockchain with them, they are attackers.
@_date: 2016-01-18 23:47:23
By that thinking Bitcoin will need to have electrolytes.  It's what people crave.
@_date: 2016-01-11 20:32:06
Aw poor crybaby Coinbase should fix their junk instead of whining on reddit.  Hilarious that what Todd did was even possible.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:53:17


Whether it's written or unwritten, this is how decentralized consensus is defended from attack.  That's the point of the article.  Might as well get everyone on the same page.


Don't mistake the authority of decentralized consensus for centralized authority.
I can see how it is easy for people steeped in the ideals of democracy and free markets to confuse these concepts, but the proper 'free-market' course of action for those dissatisfied with the authority of decentralized consensus is to move to a different, separate blockchain of their choosing rather than try to gather a subconsensus majority to stage a coup against the decentralized consensus.  As described in the article, a coup attempt can only be viewed, and dealt with, as an attack.
@_date: 2016-01-26 17:46:13
give it try
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:00:29
Wouldn't surprise me at all if they quit in that scenario.  What self-respecting holder of cypherpunk ideology would want to work on AngryMobTantrumCoin where engineering is done by popular vote?  Hopefully they'd start an alt though.
@_date: 2016-01-12 14:19:08
At this point it doesn't matter what Satoshi's vision was or currently is because he's intentionally left it to develop on its own.  Some things are clear though:
* Satoshi clearly wanted Bitcoin to be secure from government control.
* Mike is clearly sympathetic to government concerns about Bitcoin.
Hence I don't know why anyone who trusts Satoshi would trust Hearn.
Which of these positions is more likely to keep Bitcoin secure from government control?:
* Big block supporters are primarily interested in scaling to accommodate more users via block size NOW and worrying about security issues later.  Arguments are either founded on things Satoshi said years ago, a vague feeling that main-chain transactions should always be ~free for everyone, or a belief that big blocks will increase the number of full nodes on the network [despite making nodes more expensive to operate].
* Small block supporters are primarily interested in keeping Bitcoin secure NOW and worrying about scaling later via more effective means than block size.  Arguments are generally founded on a belief that just raising the block size doesn't accomplish much in terms of scaling vs other - better - approaches and making blocks larger beyond a certain conservative point would generally decrease decentralization because nodes would be more expensive to run, blocks slower to propagate etc.
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:51:52
That is very much conflation.  You, sir, have been misled and should do some research before further comment.
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:36:13
Incongruous title for an expansive article about what a blockchain is and isn't and how the term in VC &amp; journalism is an increasingly empty buzzword.  From the opening:


@_date: 2016-01-17 16:23:56
PSA: Companies that depend upon fiat exchange for their business model are fine with government involvment in Bitcoin, and they will support measures that make it weaker and more centralised if it looks like their privileged government relationship will provide a barrier to other companies competing with them.  See Crony Capitalism: 
@_date: 2016-01-04 15:51:28
orrrrr time for uninvolved, credentialed academic pundits to either augment Bitcoin before it goes big [esp in terms of privacy] or get out of the way.
The day Bitcoin is designed by fiat exchanges [the temporary, transitional structures that are currently the weakest point of the ecosystem] is the day Bitcoin dies.
@_date: 2016-01-23 15:35:16
 I'd argue that 'economic majority' has no relevance to Bitcoin. Only consensus.  Also, your above response presupposes that a hardfork away from consensus has any value.  'The market', being unaccustomed to intractable systems that derive value from decentralized consensus, might make the mistake of ascribing value to a divergent hard fork, but it will be a short-lived mistake as the market soon realizes that without adamantine consensus rules to anchor and protect Bitcoin it will have become demagogic putty and unable to withstand future attacks.
@_date: 2016-01-21 13:25:11
This should be the legal agreement that comes up when one runs a full node installer.
@_date: 2016-01-11 22:45:05


This was not a Bitcoin issue at all though. It is hilarious, rather, that "Industry Leader" Coinbase is so blindly devoted to the illusion of 0-conf integrity - after being told repeatedly that there's no such thing - that they were still open to this trivial 'attack'.
@_date: 2016-01-24 12:33:05
True but I'm not sure if a politcal democracy exists today - usually if they claim to be democratic they're republics.  Also [Bitcoin is not Democratic](
@_date: 2016-01-31 21:32:45
That would be a problem with mining centralization; not a problem with consensus.
@_date: 2016-01-08 17:40:45
1. there are ways. and I'd argue that if it weren't for the asinine blocksize debate, a lot more thought would've been directed that way
2. That's the deleterious attitude I'm talking about, but I suppose it depends if - 5 years down the road - you want digital cash to be digital cash or if you don't mind it also being a tool of surveillance &amp; control.
@_date: 2016-01-21 13:02:40
what's a bank?
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:16:22
I wasn't meaning to imply external law would be involved.  I was suggesting that people should understand what decentralized consensus is going in, so why not bundle it into the full node user experience.


Breaking something's decentralized concensus is a funny way to attempt to gain control of something that's supposed to be valuable because of its unbreakable decentralized consensus.


Right you can argue that, but have the attackers thought it through?  Or is it more of an angry mob making short-sighted angry mob decisions.  Watch what happens.
Forking the Bitcoin codebase to create a new genesis block based on 'decentralized democratic majority' or whatever would allow that experiment to run wild with far less risk or community strife.
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:01:46
thanks; updated
@_date: 2016-02-04 19:27:19
"Please enable JavaScript to view this website."
@_date: 2016-02-13 16:15:38
At least 95% agreement.  
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:09:20
Call it what you want, but the idea of 'economic majority makes the rules' and 'THE PEOPLE are are going to stage a coup hardfork if you don't listen to us' is a lot different than understanding that consensus rules can only be changed with &gt;=95% agreement.  So long as lots of Bitcoin users fail tograsp that difference and why it's essential for the governance of digital gold, Bitcoin is vulnerable to demagogic attack.
@_date: 2016-02-06 18:11:21
Gold has been ignoring the voices of the masses for thousands of years - why don't you stage a righteous coup against gold?  Then once you win, you can take majority votes on the properties it should have. 
Bitcoin derives its value from maintaining intractable consensus amidst constant attack.  The day it stops ignoring the voices of the masses - at the expense of consensus - is the day it dies from demagogic attack.
If you want a cryptocurrency created by the fickle, shortsighted, underinformed voices of the masses, by all means start one up and see what happens. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 19:55:29


I would've agreed with you a year ago.


Those fundamental properties you name are derived from consensus - everyone agreeing on the consensus rules.  Consensus - like it or not - is a fundamental property of Bitcoin.  If people disagree with that they should create or move to competing solutions that respond to their sub-consensus pressure instead of wasting their time attacking Bitcoin, trying to make it a parody of itself.


Blocksize is certainly a changeable parameter but it must be done through consensus or we'll face the unintended consequences.


You are aware that glossing over specifics is lazy, not an argument?  How can you not see that every consensus rule will be trivially attacked in the same way?


Consensus principles do matter jack shit and are the only things that matter for Bitcoin in the long run.  The 'economic majority' can switch to something else and descend into their inevitable spiral of madness.


The fork that sticks to consensus will be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-12 16:26:43
That's the common misconception alright. But go ahead - try it and watch what happens.  Would you rather use gold that retains it properties come what may or gold that is fundamentally altered by populist rhetoric?
If consensus is bypassed to change consensus rules, integrity is lost, and the resulting AppeaseTheMajorityCoin fork will be putty in the hands of populist facing attackers.  The initial attack that succeeded in will provide a fill-in-the-blank template for future popularity contest rule-change attacks.
A 'legacy' fork or alternate new chain that holds strong to consensus principles, however, will remain sound and safe from attack and flourish in the long run.
@_date: 2016-02-11 13:52:06
Development and promotion of a clear 'consensus constitution' that people see when installing.
@_date: 2015-11-04 21:23:39
As it is, if you look at tax revenue vs government spending, especially during a time of war, you will find that the tax revenue doesn't begin to cover the spending.  How can that be?  A: Money creation that silently steals from all holders of that currency; tax via inflation.
In a Bitcoin-centric situation the government cannot create money at will and is therefore dependent on tax revenue alone.  It will have to convince a population that whatever it wants to do (war, welfare, regulation, etc) is worth the extra taxes needed to make it happen.  Any and all government spending immediately becomes less popular because it directly [and clearly] affects peoples' tax burden.
@_date: 2015-11-02 13:06:42
In those experiments, subjects are accepting or refusing a windfall based on how fair the split it is; a possibly significant difference with Bitmarkets is that there is no windfall; their 'hard earned money' is in play.
@_date: 2015-10-19 03:05:15
I can't decide if I like the approach or not.  It eliminates middlemen but it seems like the cost of shipping is not accounted for in the incentive structure.  Consider this used Xbox example from 11 months ago: 
If someone advertises a new unopened xbox and the seller sends me a slightly used one, is it worth it for me to:
* punitively lock up both of our funds?  (I get a used xbox for twice the cost of a new one)
* Or is it worth it for me to request a refund?  (I get my money back minus $40 shipping?)
* Or do I keep the xbox that I paid a little too much for?
Probably the last one.  And without a reputation system, there's no incentive for that seller to NOT do this ad infinitum.
In the LTB interview Steve said one can identify a seller they've previously bought from via their bitmessage address, so maybe one can post that bitmessage address on a public forum as a warning.  But then again maybe the bitmessage address you see is not a public identifier.
Note that without shipping cost as a concern - very light items - I'd probably be more likely to request a refund and thus a reputation system seems unnecessary.
@_date: 2015-11-09 17:08:49
Bitcoin is the seed for this flower.
@_date: 2015-10-22 03:09:25
BIP 47 does indeed sound good aside from the multisig tradeoff.


Perhaps, but perhaps this is only an issue only if it is meant to become the one world currency very quickly AND there is truly no way to optimize the approach, ever.  Regardless of the future, Monero delivers privacy and fungibility - effortlessly - today.  For cash to be cash, and freedom to be freedom, these are two critical properties.
On the other hand, Bitcoin is quite assuredly broken by default and requires iron determination and discipline to approach any level of privacy.  And even when you do everything right, people who send you Bitcoin probably don't, thereby creating breadcrumbs or arrows in your general direction.  And just wait until blockchain analysis matures....


Even if your wallet automatically creates a new receiving address for each transaction, they are automatically and irritatingly linked whenever you send any amount large enough to draw from more than one of them, no?


Would be great, but it should really be automatic, without requiring the user to even blink.  Even if they integrate with wallets, you'll still have to take an action and evaluate how much privacy you want to pay for every time you mix.  I predict most people are not going to bother.  And those that do will stand out.


True enough.


I think I heard the same thing, but then found it was not that great of a solution.  Like it was a still a thing with video, but there were multiple people involved instead of just one.  Not sure.


Fair enough, but it also seems like something that is perhaps too hot for academia to handle.  As Zerocoin gains attention, are the universities involved going to fight for cypherpunk ideals or cave to BS about ZC enabling opaque drug use, child porn or assassination markets etc.  And even once the coin's implementation is solid enough to float, assuming it gets there, you're talking about weathering the same political BS storm throughout the regulator-friendly contingent of the Bitcoin community.  It could be a long and winding road.  Monero does everything except prune [and multisig]....today.


I've heard that ZC might be so opaque that it would be difficult to tell if something went wrong, but that could be FUD.  Monero might have visible amounts - in the sense that there are amounts in the blockchain, but any transaction amount is broken up into a bunch of random parts, each part made into its power of ten, and then mixed amongst a set of previous transactions in the blockchain bearing the same amounts.  Without a viewkey, there's no indication of what got sent to whom, just a bunch of homogenized transaction amounts being sent to seemingly random, unlinked addresses.
This is a good presentation if you haven't seen it:  
outgoing transactions 15:41, incoming transactions 20:00  
Just finished the link you sent.  Looks promising as ever but at the end I get a sense of regulatory friendliness that might lead to things being compromised or watered down.  I do realize that Monero's Viewkey could be considered a concession in that regard but at least the implementation is sound - the power lies with the user, where it should be.
If I appear cynical regarding bitcoin, it's probably due to the recent blocksize turmoil.  The community I had thought of as mostly reasonable individuals turned into a hooting mob of orangutans unable to see long run consequences.  I'm no longer as optimistic about taking a popular concensus protocol and fixing it so everyone's happy.  Maybe better to get some fundamental elements right from the beginning.  Cash, freedom and all that.  
 
@_date: 2015-11-17 18:04:39
predictable supply, convenient global transactions, convenient divisibility, immunity to debasement and no characteristic that might encourage use of IOU promissory notes or fractional reserve
@_date: 2015-11-06 13:12:21
Ancient Greece was the very cradle of currency debasement and the perils played out as usual.  Egypt used various divisible commodities as currency as well as metals and coins at some point but afaik debasement was not practiced.
@_date: 2015-10-23 11:33:42
It is true that the worst outcome from the fraudulent seller's perspective is that the buyer is willing to keep the slightly used xbox for twice the cost of a new one.  Let's look at the cost for that in the context of the current Xbox One.  New they are $499.  Used they are $449.  Will a buyer be willing to pay $998 for a slightly used Xbox and the luxury of punishing the seller?  It seems like the least likely outcome to me.
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:10:23
Actually you become a sourpuss whenever the authoritarian status quo is questioned.  The issues of government fearmongering / security theater, power-play wars for 'defense of freedom' and economic imperialism / debt enslavement are so simple and commonplace that it is amazing they can be spun the way they are over and over again.  
@_date: 2015-10-12 20:13:19
Re-read the part where the leaders who don't take the loans are overthrown or assassinated.
@_date: 2015-10-16 12:38:51
 seems like a cool guy, but he doesn't seem to take Bitcoin very seriously.  I'm not holding my breath for Zerocash.  Here are some tweets:
@_date: 2015-10-12 20:23:56
Built in privacy features that are opt-out only.
@_date: 2015-10-13 15:32:20
Monero has strong anonymity and fungibility built in. Sidechain Elements Alpha's Confidential Transactions provides privacy for transaction amounts only.  
@_date: 2015-11-05 13:37:02


All righty then want to play like that, Britain conquered 1/3 of the world on fractional reserve banking whereby currency debasement is no problem.  'Gold standard' is just a feel good term for fractional reserve.
Bitcoin cannot be debased and must be given voluntarily - thus funding sustained conflict in a Bitcoin world requires con$ent of the governed.  Or, more likely, doesn't happen.


The various European nations have a rich and colorful history of debasing currency to finance war.  Read up on it some time.
@_date: 2015-10-12 19:30:30
You'd think so, but then again: [
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:16:34
I know right? I believe that the functionality will work out one way or another, but my faith in Green as a serious ZC developer is lost.
After seeing what cryptonote can do for privacy, Coinjoin based solutions are hard to take seriously, even once CT is in play.  Real sidechains can't come soon enough.
@_date: 2015-10-16 23:47:02


Briefly, &amp; from my understanding so far: Without any effort - other than specifying mixin level [soon to be a default iirc] - your transactions are strongly obscured amidst all previous transactions. You can reuse the same address without concern. And with Monero, for example, you can use a viewkey to unhide transactions at will.  Lack of GUI and pruning issues aside, it seems not a bad approach at all.
With CJ you have to go through the somewhat tense rigamarole of mixing and then you are also careful to never reuse addresses. At that point, with a fair amount of effort,  you have some level of  plausible deniability relative to the number of CJ iterations you've paid for.  CT adds to that but it's still all there in public view and a determined enough entity could make connections, even without amounts.  Altogether, not easy and not even that private.
Zerocash sounds great on paper doesn't offer much [anything? pruning?] compelling beyond cryptonote in terms of privacy.  It also has that trapdoor issue at its inception [trust that the person destroys the key] and sails on relatively uncharted cryptographic waters.  At this point it is more of an academic science project than an ironclad privacy solution, and the guy who spearheaded it to begin with doesn't even appear to understand bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-31 03:41:54
That is put very well.  Over the course of 20 iterations the seller stands to gain $1000, but he's out ~~$998 if only two buyers act putatively.~~  $948 if only one buyer acts punatively ($499 + used Xbox).  The game theory question Bitmarkets will answer is:  What % of buyers be willing to burn $____ out of spite?  $20? sure - a large percentage.  $100? I think half. $499?  I'd guess only 1 in 20 Xbox buyers would act putatively.  Beyond $499?  Hard to say.
It's really an interesting dynamic; willingness to be a martyr now and then to keep sellers honest.  Costs historically spread through an ID based security infrastructure and socialized across the service are now stored up into powerful bolts of lightning that could strike a buyer at any moment.  I guess if buyers go in with the clear understanding that they should only buy as much as they are comfortable burning then all will be well.
@_date: 2015-11-05 04:20:01


Really?  Show me these glorious unicorn 'wars' that were financed to their conclusion with 'gold borrowing'.  More likely is that they borrowed gold at some point in the war and then got desperate later and had to start debasing a currency or paying angry soldiers in cured meats.
Financing a large scale military operation in the modern era is done via currency debasement.  It is quick, painless and it works like a charm with the current illusory system.  In the case that Bitcoin becomes the reserve currency of a nation - it cannot be debased and it is not more profitable to lend than to hold it and therefore war [especially wars where power must be projected far afield with stable supply lines] will not be economically viable. Given a truly sound currency, it is always more profitable to trade than to fight.
You can argue that people could crowdfund a war with bitcoin because they think it will offer a good ROI, but I don't buy it. The ROI of holding bitcoin as the economy grows is surpassingly preferable to betting that you'll make out on the 'spoils'.  Anyway that is not much different from citizens of a nation agreeing to pay more taxes to fund a war.  50% tax hike anyone?  The explosions will be top notch and we'll divide up spoils at the end.  No thanks, Mr. President.