@_author: keepbitcoinfree_org
@_date: 2019-11-06 16:19:03
BTC has made no progress to solve their high fee market and full mempool, they want it to exist.
@_date: 2019-11-06 17:17:27
I’m pointing out a fact not everyone may know. Many still have hope that BTC will solve these issues instead of pushing them off into third party networks, which has issues of it’s own. Unfortunately, BTC chose this roadmap and have no intention of solving them on chain.
@_date: 2019-11-06 18:27:12
OP pointed out things that he, and many others, perceive to be issues. I pointed out the fact that the BTC roadmap intentionally does not address these issues. Please do feel free to have your own opinions though instead of trying to tell me what I think.
@_date: 2019-11-06 20:31:25
These technologies are not needed if improvements are made on chain. How is that a good thing to push problems off on third party developers? From what I’ve seen, it has opened users up to more possible issues &amp; vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2019-11-01 16:38:51
Yes it is. Are you not aware that all BTC transactions are transparent and easily tracked?
@_date: 2019-11-29 18:42:39
Lol yea, would be a disaster to buy a coin that actually works as a currency.
@_date: 2019-10-11 06:34:00
Exactly! It’s Bitcoin Cash...except moved off chain, still under development, has vulnerabilities that can cause loss of user funds and requires large hub infrastructure. Oh and you still need to pay high fees to open and close channels. Lightning Network is coming soon!
@_date: 2019-10-12 01:44:01
Touché friend. You may be the only person here I’ve actually had a rational conversation with. I appreciate seeing where you’re coming from as well. Personally. I spend my BCH as needed and either buyback immediately if I can or wait until a price drop to buy back. I typically won’t buy back for more than I spent it at but it’s a mental game with the volatility of the market. It’s not perfect but I’m not a trader and I’m not really trying to make more fiat back from holding and then selling anyways. 
I don’t see how any common user buying strategy would lead to lower prices if more people are adopting the technology overall. Only the whales can really manipulate the market to their advantage and they always will. I just really enjoy using the technology and controlling my own funds outside the banking industry, prying eyes of the government and large corporations. I think most of us share that sentiment but a lot are in this game simply to make back more fiat on all sides.  
As far as complexity. If you truly want more non technical folks to jump on board and use Bitcoin or LN as a currency then it has to be very simple. I feel that BCH with 0 conf, instant transactions does that well with no added third party apps or configurations necessary. I have tried LN and had to figure out where to open a payment channel, then pay fees for doing that and then had some payments that failed to route. That’s where I stopped. It’s been a while since I tried though so maybe it has gotten better.
@_date: 2019-10-12 00:54:13
You are free to say anything you wish at r/btc without fear of being banned for “spamming shitcoins”. Whether you are downvoted or not is up to the community and it has only evolved to be pro-Bitcoin Cash because of the obvious censorship and suppression here and on the Bitcoin forum. 
Spend and replace is simple. You replace it as you spend so you incur little to no losses. Waiting to buy back will have risks. That strategy is not for everyone, as there are people who trade or hold. You can do what you want. The point is, it works as electronic Cash. BTC no longer serves that purpose. 
If you think LN has succeeded and far surpasses BCH then that’s your opinion and you’re entitled to it. I would wildly disagree after using both as payment systems, it’s clear to me which works best and has the best innovation in the community. I’m not going into detail about all the pitfalls of LN because it’s all been said. Even the creators state that it is no where near being finished and to use it with caution as such. 0-confs have worked great for me with 0 issues for smaller payments, as intended. 
From my experience, Lightning is entirely too complicated for the average joe to actually want to use it &amp; BTC is entirely too expensive and time consuming to use for payments. I simply use what works best for me. I had hoped the Lighting Network would work out, I really did. That did not play out how I had hoped unfortunately and we can’t wait around forever for a solution that works. Scaling on chain does work and was Satoshi’s goal to begin with. Again these are my opinions. As we all know, they’re like assholes and everyone’s got one.
@_date: 2019-10-11 18:23:46
Lol the moderation on r/btc is much better than the censorship at play here mate. This video is awesome because it introduces people to the idea of Bitcoin Cash. Once they’ve tried to use Lightning network and inevitably run into issue after issue, coupled with a terrible UX, well then they will go see what this Bitcoin Cash is about and how well it works as a peer to peer electronic cash. Thank you lot for the unintentional promotional material. Cheers!
@_date: 2019-12-02 02:40:33
“The only way to use Bitcoin is by not using it” is nonsense. 
Sorry mate, I think you are completely misunderstanding the point of a cryptoCURRENCY. Probably because what you’re using isn’t a currency, it’s a speculative investment vehicle used in the quest to gain more fiat in the end. When people try to use it as it was intended, you tell them they’re doing it wrong? The reason or benefit is that you control it and can use it however you want. There is no right or wrong way and telling people that your way is the only way sounds like a religious cult. Bitcoin was created to be electronic cash. I can see that it’s just a speculative investment for you though.
@_date: 2019-09-30 02:04:47
Moon is everything? You mean to say that speculation is more important than usability? I think many would disagree. A fee market is not required &amp; software that defines itself as a currency should be usable as such, with reasonable fees &amp; confirmation times.
@_date: 2019-09-30 00:36:25
Lightning is entirely too complicated for the average user and still has many hurdles to overcome before actually becoming something people would want to use. Usability is everything for Bitcoin adoption and Lightning Network is not the solution as it stands.
@_date: 2019-09-29 23:52:22
Exactly, fees will skyrocket again soon. Then you can either pay the high fee or wait the long delay to get your transactions included in a block. It’s how BTC devs want to keep it. It has absolutely hurt adoption.