@_author: keithx
@_date: 2014-06-16 18:41:24
Your words here are too little, too late. If you are unwilling to limit yourself, in cooperation with all other mining pools, then you are a detriment to the Bitcoin community. 
You should expect someone! 
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:14:38
I'm not Josh, your paranoia runs deep. You should know by now that he makes at least one spelling error per sentence. The best thing I got from the REDDIT COMMUNITY so far was some hand made soap that was around 20K Dogecoin and some funny cat pictures. Your demand for truth, justice, and the Bitcoin way belongs in a Superman comic book.
@_date: 2014-11-27 07:54:10


I find this amusing, like a royal command of some sort.  


What's the potential benefit of that? If GAW succeeds, they might put Bitcoin in the back seat. If they don't, they'll get some more pump action going before they blow out, and most people around here know how to exit that with at least a small profit. It's what happens 99% of the time with new coins. 
I started mining last year at home, because I like Shiba Inu silliness and the idea of crypto currencies a lot. Today I own a couple dozen GAW miners. If they end up being worth zero in a month I'll feel a lot better than if I had ordered hardware from a company like Butterfly, because they already earned out: I've cashed out more than I paid. 
As for due diligence, Cantor Fitzgerald is backing GAW. I know very well who they are and I'm willing to let them do all the tire kicking, it's what they do best. 
I agree with this statement 100% with a slight edit:
REDDIT BITCOIN COMMUNITY has strong reasoning to believe there is a lack of transparency within GAW Miners.
Definitely true. If I were running a start up in a hot tech sector I'd keep a very tight lid on facts. It's how you stay ahead of the competition.
I believe the underlying message from GAW is "REDDIT BITCOIN COMMUNITY is a competitor" and they're going to take a shot at beating you at your own game. So I wouldn't hold your breath or anything waiting for an AMA. 
