@_author: keithhanson
@_date: 2016-06-12 16:36:09
You are this meme. Haha, you really must watch now :D
@_date: 2016-09-13 10:03:40
If I were to do this, I would program in an imperative to be able to make as many profitable trades as frequently as possible. 
It could grow its own infrastructure as needed (this happens today in modern software development), could decide upon a myriad of methods to obtain initial funding, and morph its own algorithms based on efficiency of earning money. 
I would also program that algorithm to give me whatever revenue it won't need to survive (which could be it's own fitness function as well) or even a small cut (this will depend on the programmer). 
That's a pretty good incentive as a programmer to give away the ownership to an "AI" and still have the programmer's incentives aligned. 
Now imagine a function for the car to invest in other cars, the trading software could invest in other trading platforms to take its own cut, etc. 
@_date: 2016-09-13 09:47:37
Tldr: resellers and open source communities are a good example of "giving away ownership" while still selfishly benefitting, and a manufacturer would simply need to program in revenue sharing that gives a return on investment (much like a venture capitalist invests in a company to get an ROI). 
I've seen this argument in the thread a few times. 
I think the open-source community may be a shining example of owners giving away ownership and still benefitting. Rev share agreements, resellers, etc are other examples of giving away "ownership" so to speak. 
Who's to say that cars could not determine the best AI modules written by programmers by economic function alone? 
Then, a car can choose to upgrade itself via paid modules or free modules, using some selection criteria that could also be free or paid. 
But there are plenty of examples of owners giving away ownership. Companies where majority control is in the hands of the employees, for instance. Or a partnership where one partner only receives revenue sharing type income while the other does the grunt work and takes the lion share of profits (reseller type models). 
While I wouldn't want to run that company (I'm a dirty capitalist I guess, and like my control and profits), I could totally see a programmers' job being speculation on what  the next major upgrade should be by a fleet of cars trying to increase their own efficiencies and paying for the software to do that. 
Until a car could program itself using machine learning and not need a programmer at all, humans would be a valuable resource. 
You'd just need to have the original manufacturer program one function: more wealth - and the wheels could be in motion. 
Manufacturer gets a cut of every dollar and programmers get sales or rev shares. Now everyone is incentivized and no one has to give up "ownership" of their role: manufacturer wants as many cars earning them rev shares as possible, programmers want their software purchased, and cars "want" more wealth. 
Seems possible. No idea of the plausibility of course ;) But possible with currently common business mechanics. 
To answer it another way - why would a manufacturer give away ownership? Scale and focus. A manufacturer can give the car complete autonomy as long as it returns on the investment the manufacturer made. This way, the manufacturer gets to focus on pumping out cars, the car gets to focus on earning wealth, and the manufacturer reaps the benefits of potentially massive scale without a lot of sweat/grunt work in the long run.
@_date: 2016-09-13 13:25:17
Eh, the car needs some sort of operational budget to survive. Like I said elsewhere, this is probably more akin to kings/serfs than entrepreneurship/ownership. 
The only other route would be some sort of non-profit doing this, or perhaps allow the vehicle to invest into the creation of others, thereby multiplying the investors/manufacturers earnings even further. 
Haha, not saying any example is going to fit perfectly, but it's not impossible, and there are plenty of examples we could look at that might fit. 
@_date: 2016-09-13 10:26:40
Hopefully, I wouldn't have to do the day to day management, upgrades, or coding at a certain point. It would just make me money, modify itself, and maintain is own health/heal its own problems. 
Long way off, but we're talking about possibilities here :P
Think of a programmer in this context as the new VC/angel investor basically. They don't /really/ want to own all of the company. They just want to own enough to make it worth the ride and initial investment (be that time, sweat, or cash). 
Edit: I think, because we are humans, we think in terms of 100% ownership or the investor owning a small percentage. But in this case, AI only cares about fulfilling its purpose, and having enough revenue to support that. So, a car could have a minority stake in itself. But really, what does the word "ownership" even mean to AI??
@_date: 2016-09-13 10:07:43
Nice. But I think it would be more like a free market than us working for a robot. 
How many cars will buy your software as a programmer? How do they discover your software? How do they decide? Etc. 
@_date: 2016-09-13 10:15:27
As long as you get your return on investment and more, that's incentive enough. As well, the hope would be that by slapping wheels and a frame together as a manufacturer, you continue to reap the rewards far past your initial investment. 
An investor (Angel, VC, whatever) doesn't want to run the company. They want to get a return on the investment, and they bet on owners (the cars in our analogy) making far better choices about how to make that return while in the trenches and doing the grunt work. 
What do you have to gain? Returns that require very little work to achieve, ideally, with very little management of how that return is generated. You achieve scale by freeing yourself of the day to day cares of a single car. These are a few reasons at least. 
Edit: also, taking TOO MUCH profit from the car will effectively kill it. So giving the car as much equity control as possible while also taking as much equity as possible is a delicate balance a manufacturer would have to play with - just like investors basically. 
Edit 2: Also, I think the term "ownership" in this case gets super murky. What is "ownership" to an AI other than the ability to carry out its function? So perhaps it would be more like a king and all of his serfs - until a benevolent manufacturer decided to give the cars true freedom (non-profit manufacturer?) to own themselves outright. 
@_date: 2016-09-13 13:26:16
:D I laughed out loud
@_date: 2016-09-13 14:59:12


I see what you did there.