@_author: kelar
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:12:41
Thank you. So the word seed generates keys - even tho I am still intellectually inadequate to figure out which, of all the long strings  generated by the tool, are the keys in question that I would need to actually copy if I was, say, regenerating or creating a BTC wallet. (&amp; I hope that even makes sense / is correct.) But what happens then? Say I do more studying and figure out which are the right keys. Do I then say open up my own wallet and "import" a new wallet using these keys? Or create a new wallet using these keys? And then, would this magic 1BTC be there already?   Does the address given in the description of the prize have anything to do with that?  I am so sorry for asking dumb questions if they are dumb but, well, what can I say. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:59:31
How does it "work" then?
How does my wallet authenticate the coin I receive?
Or is it more correct to say how does the Blockchain authenticate this transaction?
They did ask for a 12 word phrase... is that the seed to the private key?
Thhrrrpp. ELI5 is fine, I already feel dum
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:23:42
Can someone ELI5 how even if we were to solve the puzzle, like say it's the 12 words needed to generate a key, we would retrieve the BTC? I'm misunderstanding the basics. We have the address of the prize. Then we have the 12 words that make up the ... is that the private key? What then? Do we import it into our pre-existing wallet with the 12 words? And then does the prize just... "show up"? Gawd. I'm so stupid and confused. I'm obviously not smart enough to solve this but would like to know how this even theoretically works. Help. Thank you.
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:48:19
Hi. N00b here, Question: just DL'd my first crypto wallets for my phone... trying BitPay &amp; Bitcoin.com. No BTC in them yet. How do I see my private key(s)? When I hit "receive", I see what I think is my public key... the long string and the QR code. But where is the private key? Is it just hidden, even from myself, for safety, and lurking somewhere in the software of this software wallet? Or am I misunderstanding something more fundamental? Thank you.