@_author: kendubya
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:41:44
So it sounds like you're long Bitcoin :)
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:25:35
But how many average people are capable of not attaching their identity to a Bitcoin? To me it seems like someone needs to be pretty savvy to remain anonymous. 
If you're not in the top percentages of internet/computer savvy, you probably don't stand a chance of remaining anonymous compared to dollar bills. 
All I'm saying is while everyone fights for  Bitcoin because of its anonymous attributes, I actually think it works more in favor of law enforcement, authorities, and big brother theories. 
That's not to discredit the benefits of Bitcoin being independent of a central entity or a fractional monetary system. 
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:46:05
Thanks for the input. Is getting it on a USB with encryption simple? Is there a certain kind you suggest? I'm sure as I go through the transaction process, a lot if this will make more sense. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:31:30
Yes but unlike the dollar, the price of Bitcoin can fluctuate a full $100 in value in less than 24-hours. That means you have to speculate just to buy or sell a sub. 
Should I buy a sub now or should I wait a half hour to eat because the price is trending up at the moment? 
This intense volatility is counter intuitive for increasing transactions for common goods and services. 
You essentially are forced to understand and gauge price movement at the same level as a forex trader just to buy a sub. 
To me, this is the biggest obstacle Bitcoin must overcome to be widely accepted. Not the threat of government intervention. 
Us Bitcoin holders love large spikes in price because it can generate us massive gains in a matter of hours, but this volatility is the very thing that prevents adoption. 
The only thing Governments fear is large increase of Bitcoin transactions for common goods and services. If that number isn't trending at an alarming rate, they could careless about us buying and selling in a game of speculation. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:24:56
Gotcha. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:12:01
I guess using terms like "small amount" and "large amount" are all relative considering large to one person might be small to another. At what amount would you say someone should switch from coinbase to bitstamp? 
Also, do I let the Bitcoins sit there in my account or should I be moving them somewhere else? I'm not quite sure how it all works. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:28:25
So this article reads as if Bitcoin makes it extremely hard to stay anonymous and/or launder. However, I thought one of the big advantages of Bitcoin (aside from not being on a fractional system or ran by a central entity) was its ability to keep all individuals involved in a transaction anonymous? 
Assuming you can track this guy publicly and assuming the only way to stay anonymous means you have to be pretty damn savvy, I would argue that  Bitcoin is the perfect currency for law enforcement to track criminal activity. 
I would assume anyone in fear of big brother would actually look at Bitcoin as being a perfect tool for them to track everything. 
Am I wrong? Maybe I'm missing something?
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:39:08
Yeah dude...most of us get that. You're missing the point and said it yourself without realizing it. The US dollar changes price constantly but its volatility is very low. It allows everyday transactions to be had without worrying about buying a sub and then going home to see that the $10 you gave the cashier is now worth $110. 
Bitcoin will never become fully adopted with the type of volatility we have now. Yet without the volatility we have now, us early adopters won't see massive gains in matter of days.
Catch 22.
We're all best off not selling our Bitcoins when the price jumps and instead using them to buy more goods and services that we didn't have the money to spend prior. 
If we all did that, volatility would decrease while at the same time more goods and services would be exchanged in Bitcoin, ultimately leading to more businesses adopting Bitcoin and putting it into our economies circulation. 
Amen!