@_author: kendra2001
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:42:36
No, I didn't. 
It's a month already. 
I'm speaking with Oleg through Reddit and today (I think, he was very evasive so I didn't understand well) he proposed me a refund which was a joke. I swap BTC in BCH one month ago on nexchange and today he offered me a refund in BTC of the corresponded value of BCH I would have bought with my transaction (which never happened) one month ago. 
!!! 
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:14:56
He didn't solve the issue with me yet. 
How did you solve the issue? 
Did you get a refund or you sent the documents that uphold asks to him?
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:22:10
No, it isn't resolved my money is still stuck there after a month. 
I asked Oleg for a refund of the money that I entered in nexchange and never had converted. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:38:56
It's a month almost. I've never seen my money back. At the beginning of the issue the sentence was "don't worry your funds are safe with us", 10 days ago I was trying to get my 0.2 bitcoin refund and Oleg agreed in giving me the refund but he asked me to sign my public address - I did the transaction from a paper wallet. I figure out how to sign it and I sent public key, signature, transaction data, order number, everything. Nothing happened. Now he tells me he cannot refund the amount that I entered because a refund would be against his company policies - cause they convert immediately in the crypto of destination. 
I said reluctantly "fine", so why the hell did you make me wasting my time like this and you didn't "execute the transaction in BCH" immediately"? The answer was "cause you went public on Reddit but I'm adamantine on my principle so the only thing I can do is execute the transaction, and bear in mind it's with my own money". 
Well, nobody seems to remember my own money here. 0.2 bitcoin I have LOST for his fault.
But in any case, I say "fine". Execute the transaction .... and the answer is? 
"Okay, but sorry now I need to close the computer cause I have a plane to take. It will be the first thing I do once the plane lands". 
The plane landed 3 hours ago.
I'm still here waiting the execution of the transaction. 
And of course I won't receive my 0.2 bitcoins back, nor compensation. 
I'm gonna receive the correspondent value of a bitcoin cash - 
But maybe nothing. Cause you see .. I'm here waiting .. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:32:29
Hallo Dears, 
I'm one of those who got scammed by Nexchange. I made my order of 0.2 BTC / BCH and never saw the BCH on my wallet. I spoke with the team though the costumer service chat, by phone and I even contacted Oleg on Facebook. I heard excuses after excuses and promises after promises. Nothing happened. I even gave my email (cause they asked and it seemed legit to me cause I wanted to be updated): THEY NEVER KEPT ME UPDATED ON THEIR PROGRESSES TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM. They actually never contacted me. 
Here you have some red flags you might want to think at: 
1) there is at least one person who part of the company until some months ago (Daniel, if I remember correctly the name) who still has his name on the team page but he doesn't work for the company anymore - I know it because I spoke also with Daniel. He never stated "why" although he told me "they weren't stealing when I was there". 
2) in my numerous attempts to get my money back, I have been repeatedly lied. 
Here you have some essays on the lies:
a) the problem will be solved in 24 hours 
b) tonight at most late tomorrow you will have your money on the wallet 
c) we are definitely making progress with Uphold
d) if at the end of this week nothing moves I'm going to give you the money from the cold storage - this week, guys. This was Oleg. Yes, Oleg you told me that. Of course I have registrations of the phone calls, chats, anything. 
2) Between the numerous lies that I have been told by Nexchange there was also the one that was stating "we need your documents, please submit your documents in order to release the money". LOL. I'm not submitting a jack shit to these unreliable people! Cause this it what they are showing to be. NOT TRUSTWORTHY. 
3) I got to speak with at least other three people that got scammed - I don't know how many we are but we have been treated in the same way I got confirmed. 
4) WE LOST MONEY. And nobody talked realistically of compensation. Just at the beginning in two messages I got but never defining precisely what "compensation" meant. 
Nexchange is operateing now. 
The "transparency policy" has gone to fuck itself. 
I think people should know about this. 
Clients should know about this. 
This is NOT the way to run a business.
Mistakes can happen but the way of dealing with them shows if the company has balls or not. 
If other people who got scammed are reading this, I think we should make it public of the social guys as much as we can. 
Reputation is all in business. 
Best. 
