@_author: kentngo
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:07:42
What's the problem with day trading?
I trade stocks, so some of what I say may not apply to forex, but most of it should run parallel.
When you invest in something, anything, you understand that there is a risk you will lose money on that investment. I understand that whenever I lose money, it's not the fault of those who wanted to make money, but as a result of my own failure and incompetence. Therefore, I seek to better myself in order to reduce the amount of mistakes made.
I do give you one point though. The can create a lot of volatility for new markets due to the sheer amount of trades. However, as time goes on, their presence in a market creates volume and liquidity, which will be a benefit to anyone who wants to buy or sell their assets.
For all the problems that day traders create, I believe that markets are better off with them.
And, let's be honest. If BitCoin is flimsy enough that a bubble caused by trading would destroy it, I hope it dies. A currency needs to be able to withstand the test of time. If it can not, we need a new system.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:31:58
That's a little embarrassing...
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:11:04
Advice from a day trader for four years, from someone whose been around the block but not quite there yet.
When you deal with stocks or any risky asset, turn off your emotions. It's difficult to have emotion concerning an investment while still maintaining neutrality.
Fear makes you less willing to hold onto an asset that you rationally know has a strong chance of going up.
Frustration encourages rushed decision making, which has lost me between ten and twenty thousand dollars in my earlier early years.
"We're not robots," is not an excuse to let your emotions take control of your decisions. At the very least, learning to turn off your emotions or put them elsewhere is helpful.
It's not necessary to follow these tips. I have a friend who's strong enough to separate his emotions from his logic, and he's probably the best trader I know. But for the average person, for me, these tips may help you in the future.
In my line of work, I find that while everyone thinks they can control of their emotions, few can really do it.