@_author: kerfuffle_
@_date: 2019-06-09 09:00:52
I agree entirely. But you'd be impressed what someone with limited experience and time can do with some quality tools at their disposal. After a while, it would become pretty simple to have a few "go to" setting memorized or saved. Minimizing total time expenditure spent editing further uploads. Knowing the limitations of your equipment and working within them is key.
@_date: 2019-06-09 07:54:52
Past experience has taught me that you can have the best mic in the world but if you're audio recorder or interface isn't up for the task, you're typically not going to improve sound quality in a meaningful manner. 
That having been said, if carrying extra equipment isn't an option you could look into some audio plugins. Specifically I believe a good compressor/limiter and a bit of post EQ could be beneficial. Applying some compression before EQ would allow you to knock off some ambient noise because it let's you set a threshold for minimum audio levels to be registered therefore cutting some reverb, but unlike attempting to do the same task by raising input gain, you typically don't end up with all your frequencies trying to wash over each other at the same levels. Most room reverb will have a frequency you could dip a bit with EQ. Typically this is around 3k to 8k depending on surfaces, distance, etc, but you should be able to spot it when looking at the audio visualization. Just look for "bloomy" audio after you pause speaking. You could also probably bring up bass a tad in post to help people not focus on any washiness you can't reduce or cut. For your voice specifically I'd start playing around the 400hz spectrum, but most importantly it needs to sound good to you first. Just please know that most people's ears have been trained to recognize decent bass=good audio.  
Hope this helps and I love what you do!!
@_date: 2019-10-29 16:56:44
Generally speaking,it already is. Miners flock to cheap energy and because renewables are often subsidized by the state, you see "centralization" around areas of cheap energy - typically hydroelectric, thermoelectric, but also wind, solar, and tidal power producers are being asked to supply electric for miners. I wouldn't expect that to change too much moving forward either, even if subsidization ends. As the tech to produce becomes more efficient, it should also become cheaper. Just look at the cost of solar panels from 30 yeas ago to today's cost for an example.