@_author: kerioreili
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:03:49
“Digital gold”? LOOL. There are just a few rare metals in the table of elements. And to create another one (and mine a ton of it) you have to be God or at least the best alchemist ever lived ;) Existing rare metals are in good demand in the industry, and even if they lose all they “currency” (saving) use one day, their costs will drop tremendously, but never down to zero. 
A crypto currency can be created by just anyone with a little knowledge. Imagine the world where anyone can create their own gold. The first who created his “gold” (or the most persuasive) will be considered the maker of “true” gold, others will have “shit” gold. But if someone more persuasive emerges, his “gold” will become “true”, and the former “true gold” will drop down to zero in one day. And it’ll happen sooner or later, as with any pyramid. Sure you can switch to any other crypto currency. The problem is, if you do it a minute later than Minute X, you’ll be selling your bitcoins for one cent a piece. If you have Marty Mc’Fly as your friend, you sure can get rich on bitcoins;)
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:37:02
You mix up THE TECHNOLOGY and one of crypto currencies (bitcoin) based on it. The difference is like the humanity and a specific Donald/John/Alice. The humanity will exist forever (maybe;), but Donald definitely won’t, even if he is the US President at the moment ;)
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:20:35
Ok, then help me please to learn this. In fact, i have only one question. WHAT BITCOIN IS BACKED WITH? 
Dollar is backed with the US economy. “This note is a legal tender for all debts, public and private...” Every business or individual in the US is obligated by law to take dollars as payment for any good or service. 
You cannot start your “shitdollar” as an alternative currency and demand to take it as payment in your local 7-11 ;)
And the existing cryptocurrencies are backed with nothing except belief of some people in its value. Block chain is a great technology, but everyone can start their own crypto currency, and many do. They are called “shitcoins” and usually cost nothing.
The main, core question is: WHAT A SHITCOIN NEEDS TO BECOME BITCOIN? And what bitcoin needs to lose to become shitcoin? Why can’t another cryptocurrency become the most popular tomorrow, turning bitcoin into dirt?