@_author: kerkeslager
@_date: 2016-07-16 18:24:33


Nope, and while some people have better guesses than others, I don't believe anyone knows what will happen.




I'm curious which pattern you're talking about. The human brain is has a tendency to see patterns where they don't exist, but even with that effect I'm having a hard time seeing how one halving and three peaks (see the graph I linked) makes a pattern.
@_date: 2016-07-16 02:07:41
A few critiques of this representation:
1. This graph is behaving a lot more like an exponential function than a linear function, so if you want to get a more meaningful visualization, you should scale the Y axis logarithmically. If you did that, I suspect you'd see that the peak between March and May on the graph is a more similar exponential magnitude to the one after November. This points more to a cyclical factor of some sort (such as speculative investment) than to the halving being such a significant event.
2. It's significantly misleading to simply let the graph line go off the chart there. The number dropped to the 200s again later, and only recently has rallied into the $600s again.
3. The text seems to hint that this is predictive. It *is* predictive to some extent, as decreased inflation pressure will cause the supply of bitcoins to fall farther behind the demand. But that's not the only factor represented in the graph, and it's hard to say whether it's the most relevant factor even during the time period represented. And if you use this graph to predict Bitcoin price, keep in mind what that would be predicting: another almost 100-fold increase within a year of the halving? That would put bitcoin prices at around $700,000. Even if we simply stopped producing bitcoins today, that would require a *huge* number of large-scale investors to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin would become one of the dominant currencies in the world. And while I'll allow the remote possibility that will happen, it has nothing to do with the halving--there simply isn't enough money to drive up prices like that without major institutional investors, so the major institutional investors are a much more relevant factor than the halving.
I'm not sure I have any point here except to say, don't use a simplistic model like this to try to time your investments. If bitcoin even is a good long-term investment (which remains to be established) then you should still treat it like any other investment: invest at regular intervals, diversify into other assets, and pull out your money at a predetermined time to move into a lower-risk asset, not when you think the market is peaking. Don't let greed and unjustified optimism drive you to ruin.