@_author: kernel_task
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:49:15
It should probably mention that the transactions of the block are secured by the fact that their Merkle root is stored in the header which is hashed. This guarantees that the the transactions in the block haven't been tampered with. (Or else you could take that really difficult to generate block header and just stick it on another entirely different set of transactions).
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:29:22
Umm, I doubt something as sophisticated as a drive-by 0day exploit (assuming you're running an up-to-date browser) will do something as lame as install a well-known Adware BHO. DefaultTab was probably from something else you installed.
Still, you're right that people should be careful.
EDIT: The DefaultTab at the end of the source code you pasted was added on your computer by DefaultTab. Likely it'll do this on every site you visit. coinchoose.com doesn't actually have that code in it.
@_date: 2013-05-04 20:05:00
Based on letter frequency of the string, we can eliminate duplicates (for example AA is the same as AA if there are two As in the string.) Since the key is in wallet import format, there's a checksum appended to the end that is SHA-256(SHA-256(payload))[0:4], so verification requires performing two SHA-256 hashes. Therefore, given that the total hashing power of the Bitcoin network is 78,640.55 GHash/s, the amount of time it would take the entire network to recover your 2 BTC with 100% probability is:
[(50!/4/2/5/2/2/2/2/2/2/2/2 * 2)/(78640.55 * 1000000000) seconds to years]( = 170 octillion times the age of the universe.
So.... good luck with that. :)
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:43:16
Or if the code was altered to declare that you don't own anything no matter what and the network adopts it. All that encryption, etc. is only enforced by community assent. This is also how we can upgrade the algorithms in the future if a cryptographic break does occur.
@_date: 2013-04-16 04:24:55
Do you know if there's a fee or spread for taking the money out in a currency other than USD? Say I wanted to move a sum of money from USD to EUR. MtGox implies they have a 2.5% fee but I can't figure out what they mean by 'multi-currency transaction'.
Sorry for the questions... I'm trying to figure out if bitcoin can be useful for my business.
@_date: 2013-04-20 09:44:26
No one can "plan" to lower transaction fees. Miners get to decide which transactions make it into the block and thus they get to decide the 'prices' for transactions. Suppose there were no coins generated and miners had to rely exclusively on transaction fees. You want to do a transaction with bitcoin. Well, buddy, that transaction isn't going to happen (isn't going to get any confirmations) unless someone puts the power behind mining a block and including your transaction. Why would someone do that unless it's cost-effective for them to do so? They aren't getting paid at that point just for mining a block. Therefore, you'd better pay up a healthy transaction fee.
Now, if there were more transactions flying around by that time, then likely the fees added up from all of them would be enough to incentivize miners. Each bitcoin will probably also be worth more than it does now. If neither of those things happen, then transaction fees will have to be a lot higher than they are now.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:26:21
Did you ever use that same password ANYWHERE ELSE?
@_date: 2013-04-18 06:05:42
Same advice that's given here when talking about "investing" (speculating) in bitcoin,  honestly. Or should be when talking about speculation in general.
When I first heard about bitcoin, my perception of it was a novel way to handle transactions of money. Indeed, in Satoshi Nakomoto's original paper about Bitcoin, the emphasis was on transactions and there not being a cash-like system for the Internet. There was none of the now common libertarian rhetoric about "fiat currencies", defense against currency manipulation and "banksters". In fact, he never referred to bitcoin as a currency at all.
One of my friends is a heavy proponent and invested heavily in the beginning. Then the first bubble happened and I ribbed him about it. However, my perception is that other than that bubble, the price of bitcoin was not volatile enough to preclude its use for transferring money. In fact, to avoid Paypal, I asked him to reimburse me for some t-shirts I purchased on his behalf in bitcoin. He paid me 2.5 bitcoin for the t-shirts and I had not bothered to trade them for cash, trusting the value would remain relatively stable over a timescale of months, but of course then the bubble happened while I was looking away and I'm a happy camper.
Honestly, it's in the community's best interest that bitcoin be looked at as a transactional system: a cash-like system for the Internet (i.e. low cost, irreversible). Not as a get rich quick scheme. Not as an investment.
@_date: 2013-05-05 20:06:46
Is there no tool for automatically generating a new address for every tip? Just from the top of my head, you can have a bit of javascript that generates random number r and takes your public key Q and multiply them together to get r * Q. That will be another public key that will be impossible for anyone to associate with the original public key Q, and the donor can send their coins to that address. The javascript could then tell a server you control what r is. Since you hold d_A (your private key), which by definition is d_A * G = Q, you'd get r * dA * G = r * Q. (r * d_A) would therefore be the private key to public key r * Q (which the donor sent coins to) which you could then use to redeem the coins.
It would be relatively easy make such a service, which would take your already known public key and just serve as an intermediary to transmit the 'r' values back to you. The service itself would not be able to redeem your coins. I'm surprised there's nothing like that out there already.
@_date: 2013-05-04 19:29:38
Warren Buffett doesn't even like gold as an investment, why would he like bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-05-02 00:06:16
Eh, it's very human. Dan Kaminsky says Bitcoin represents an "alien design regime" because most software is designed under the assumption that when it fails, the world is not going to end, and bitcoin has to assume that its failure would be disastrous.


So bitcoin represents an "alien design regime" because it assumes a security fuck-up will end the world.
Anyway, the code quality isn't other-worldly or anything but it's pretty good.
@_date: 2013-05-07 22:12:27
No. It's a hard-fork and it's not an attack. It's just convincing Bitcoin users to upgrade and accept the new client.
@_date: 2013-04-18 08:20:21
I have &gt;2 GH/s of power and p2pool didn't work out too well for me. I managed to actually generate two network shares over the few hours I tried it but both were dead, leaving me an efficiency of 0%. I had a pretty high local dead on arrival rate as well.
P2Pool looks good on paper, especially since there are no fees, but even the local dead-on-arrival shares seem to represent wasted hashing power. Overall, I believe that means the pool must not be very efficient due to slow propagation of information over the network. I'd love for someone to show me otherwise.
Anyway, I switched to Bitminter. A PPLNS system is the only fair way to do mining pool payouts in my opinion. Slush's method is not hopping proof. BTC Guild's fees are too high. I'm not convinced Eligius's CPPSRB method is provably hopping proof (plus I disagree with the history of the pool in using pool mining power in ways miners may not agree with and not disclosing it to miners). This paper was very interesting: 
Also... I don't know why people are basing profitability solely on hash rates. If it doesn't cost you anything, even 1 hash per second is "profitable". You have to take into account your costs (equipment, power, time spent setting stuff up, etc.) to determine if mining is profitable. The other question is whether it's worthwhile, but hey, 80 MH/s will earn you $11.90/month right now if your power and equipment is free. That's a couple of free beers a month at least.
@_date: 2013-05-06 07:46:32
Kernel level enforcement of userland executable code signatures.
Jailbreaks are currently unable to break the chain of trust at the bootloader level anyway.
@_date: 2013-05-06 07:08:15
It's generally game over anyway once an attacker has physical access and that's what the people who develop the jailbreaks assume. I bet those guys you linked are getting into it using the AFC2 system that the jailbreak adds as an emergency failsafe to allow you to make changes to the filesystem even if most of the OS is not working. Installing afc2remove from Cydia should plug this hole.
As for other security issues, my opinion is that a jailbroken iOS is about on the same level as Android, assuming you don't have disreputable repositories on Cydia and install malware/pirated stuff from them. Android doesn't even have kernel-level code signing that jailbreaks disable in the first place.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:51:01
Do you have 'Always Keep Browser Backup' turned on in your wallet?
EDIT: Also, blockchain.info remembers your Two-Factor auth for a "short period of time" (appears to persist across browser sessions) by default. It's very possible your laptop was simply compromised. Immediately after you used your wallet, your attacker can simply use that feature along with your password they stored via keygen, to get into your wallet. I think this scenario is more likely than the "your cell phone was compromised" scenario, particularly given your IP logs (no access from your cell phone) and the fact that the transaction was relayed by blockchain.info (so someone used blockchain.info to steal the money rather than stealing your private key and performing the transaction from somewhere else).
@_date: 2013-05-04 19:31:38
... Now I know why on that CCTV Bitcoin special they kept talking about 烤猫 (roast cat).
@_date: 2013-04-16 02:28:13
How much does it cost to sell bitcoins for dollars on an exchange and then cash it out? Seems like there's usually a fee on both those actions as well.
@_date: 2013-04-18 02:56:02
I have two of these: 
I get 1.437 GH/s on average on them both, or 718 MH/s on each single one. They're overclocked to 1200 MHz, though (default voltage, underclocked memory, etc.). They're both running at 74-75 degrees celsius but even so, it's not entirely stable and the first GPU bugs out every few hours. I had to hack cgminer to automatically reboot my computer and restart mining to maintain this rate.
However, I did have to pay $50 more for the extra performance over the cheapest 7970 on Newegg. I think you should actually see around 658 Mh/s on yours at 1100 MHz or something is wrong, so that means I paid 12.5% more for 9.1% performance increase.
Of course, these are primarily meant for gaming so I'm not too bothered if I don't make any money.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:44:40
I agree with some of your points, but I think some of them are wrong.
We'll see how easy it will be to create ASICs that will outclass general purpose consumer hardware in a cost-effective manner for Litecoin. Assuming it does not, I think Litecoin has some advantages.
For Bitcoin, power will increasingly be concentrated in the hands of a few individuals since I believe only a few will invest in otherwise-useless ASICs that do nothing but mine bitcoin. Currently mining is restricted to people who have gaming-class computers: Which is a lot of people. The number of miners will be drastically reduced when ASICs become dominant. This shift is not good for bitcoin. It will be easier for miners to collude.
If this shift is impossible for Litecoin, then that will be an advantage for Litecoin.
Litecoin is not less green. Litecoin's computation may be harder than Bitcoin's and require more energy, but the absolute difficulty (and energy requirement) of these computations do not matter in these systems. The more difficult the calculations, the more secure the system. For an equal amount of security, you're paying an equal amount of difficulty and an equal amount of power.
(I hold some bitcoin and never had any litecoin).
@_date: 2013-05-04 20:43:16
Oh, another thing, compressed keys are less about "format" of the key itself... It's rather complex. In your OP, you said that keys always start with 5. That's not necessarily true. Uncompressed keys start with 5 because 33 hex digit numbers that start with 0x80 always get encoded with base-58 to start with '5'. Compressed keys start with L or K because 34 hex digit numbers that start with 0x80 always get encoded with base-58 to start with either of those two letters.
Compressed and uncompressed private keys actually indicate whether the public key they refer to is compressed or uncompressed. Public keys are basically the x and y coordinates of a point on an elliptic curve encoded in a certain binary format. There's two ways to encode them: uncompressed and compressed. Compressed basically means that we only encode the x coordinates instead of both the x and y coordinate, because there's only two possible y coordinates for any x coordinate on the curve. We then embed an extra bit of information in the public key (whether it starts with 02 or 03) to indicate which of the two we're referring to.
However, the problem is bitcoin addresses are HASHES of the public keys, so the same public key point, generated from the same private key number, can have two very different representations, have two very different hashes, and generate two very different addresses. So, to enforce a 1-to-1 correspondence between a Bitcoin private key and a Bitcoin address, we append whether we're going to use the compressed form of the public key to generate the address or the uncompressed form to the exported format of the private key.
So 0x80 &lt;private key number&gt; 0x01 for compressed or just 0x80 &lt;private key number&gt; for uncompressed. So even though we're really talking about the same cryptographic numbers, we can have two different Bitcoin addresses and we have to append a bit of metadata to Bitcoin private keys to distinguish between them.
TLDR: Bitcoin private keys in Wallet Import Format can start with '5', or 'L' or 'K' depending on who generated them.