@_author: kersan
@_date: 2014-01-25 14:58:42
The difficulty with commercial lending has nothing to do with automation. Commercial lending is about assessing the credit risk of the debtor and about determining the capital available to the creditor. Notice that key word, ["capital"]( I suggest reading up on it before sticking your foot in your mouth any further. Capital cannot be denominated in Bitcoin because capital is potentially infinite and Bitcoin is not.
@_date: 2014-03-29 12:49:53
Stability isn't increasing. Volatility just rises and rises.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:49:11
Thanks for the comment. I'm looking through his/her comment history now.
Also, English needs a good gender-neutral pronoun.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:36:28
Welcome to the top 1%.
@_date: 2014-01-17 04:59:42
Your computer was manufactured using gold. There is no usefulness in an ownership certificate for the seed value of a hash function.
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:22:41
I told you, I was differentiating between money and currency. There's no need to be snippy.
Bitcoins are strings of digits. If no one accepted them as payment for anything, what would you do with them? You can make jewelry out of gold and you can wipe your butt with toilet paper. USD has no intrinsic value, and neither does Bitcoin. This is the usual definition of intrinsic value in any economics class you care to name.
I don't buy food because it has market value, I buy food because *I need to eat*. Value is not some socially derived thing, it is derived from the needs and wants of people. That's the whole point of an economy, of money, and of currency. The entire endeavour is a waste of time and effort unless it helps me get things that I want or need.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:26:11
OK, now at least you're understanding the definition of **extrinsic** value even though you keep using the word *intrinsic*. Intrinsic value is independent of the external world and is a relationship only between you and the object in question. Any value derived from external conditions in the world is, by definition, extrinsic. The value of fiat money exists only because it is possible to trade it for goods and services that have intrinsic value. The value of fiat money is *extrinsic*, just as most (but not all) of the value of gold is also extrinsic. Food has intrinsic value because you need and want to eat it, independently of what anyone else thinks.
You still don't understand the difference between currency and money. The definition of money is a very difficult one, but the definition of currency is a bit simpler: it is a token that is used to *represent* money but is not, in and of itself, money. You can wipe your bit with a dollar bill, but a dollar bill is not quite a US dollar. A US dollar is an abstract entity that has no physical manifestation. Cash is merely a token of this abstract entity. The dollar bill has a minuscule intrinsic value, though the dollar itself does not.
Money is, *by definition*, a quantifier of value. You can see, for example, [the Wikipedia page on Money]( to see several criteria that define money. Namely, money is a:
 * medium of exchange,
 * unit of account,
 * store of value,
 * standard of deferred payment (though some subsume this into other functions), and
 * measure of value.
From this article, "Fiat money or fiat currency is money whose value is not derived from any intrinsic value or guarantee that it can be converted into a valuable commodity (such as gold). Instead, it has value only by government order (fiat)." I of course object to this definition on technical grounds: I think that the author is confusing money and currency, which I explained are subtly different concepts, and I think the author is making the unnecessary assumption that the fiat is by government order. In Bitcoin, the fiat is made by the **protocol itself**: the only legitimate unit of account in the Bitcoin network is the Bitcoin. That's a fiat.
@_date: 2014-01-12 17:57:13
It really comes down to an ultimately silly debate about whether anything "quantum" is actually happening (the jury is still out, but my impression is 'no'). It's all moot: does it do anything useful that can't be done with your laptop? The answer is an unequivocal 'no'.
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:33:58
Yes, that's the point of a fiat currency. The difference is that excellent monetary policy and the laws of the United States back a currency like the US dollar and nothing of the sort lies behind the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:20:52
Yeah, but it doesn't address my concerns about Bitcoin. I agree that the *transaction network* associated with Bitcoin is an impressive step forward, but that transaction network is inextricably linked to a *horrifyingly bad currency*.
What Andreesen is missing here is any explanation of why Bitcoin *the currency* is good. All his points are about Bitcoin *the transaction network* and the associated technology. He is thinking like a information technology entrepreneur instead of an economist, which is fine if you are investing in information technology. But he isn't. He's investing in *financial technology*, which is a completely different beast.
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:04:16
That sure is a big wall of patronization there, grandpa. All I can do is [link to something that isn't a huge list of tired clichés]( and remind you of the tortoise and the hare.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:30:58
The reason people take out massive mortgages is that they want to live better. This is a ~~valid~~ *rational* reason to spend money. Another reason is that the value of land rises, whereas the value of an inflationary currency does not. Land is a good store of value, as long as you are investing for the long term.
As for computers, again the point is to obtain goods or services that are valuable to you. The incentive is of course to wait as long as you can before purchasing a new computer, or purchasing an old one that suits your needs. But the point is that you eventually need or want a new computer.
Now let's look at Bitcoin. You never actually need a Bitcoin since it has no intrinsic value, whereas you need things like food, clothing, and shelter. It makes much more sense to purchase these things by trading an inflationary currency rather than a deflationary one. I do not see the reason to own a deflationary currency like Bitcoin **unless I can purchase bonds**. This is a crucial point I brought up in my original post, and I consider it the most important one.
The reason I'm asking this question is because your answer (which I have heard before) doesn't satisfy me. Just because an argument is old doesn't mean it is settled. I don't appreciate the downvote. It's an intelligent argument, even if you think it is wrong.
In any case, I am not worried about inflation or deflation, I am worried about *volatility*. I consider the lack of a bond market to be the fundamental cause of that volatility, and I consider the volatility to be the fundamental cause of the lack of a bond market. It's this vicious cycle that makes me sceptical of the whole endeavour. Show me a trustworthy bond market and I might change my mind.
@_date: 2014-01-07 20:54:22
My problem is not the existence of volatility, but rather its size. That is to say, the size of the swings divided by the time-scale of the swings. That's concerning for me because there is a *significant* difference in the value of your Bitcoins dependning on when you chose to transact them. For Gold and Silver, these swings are not nearly so big on such short time-scales (more like 1-2% over the course of a day, not 10-20% like Bitcoin).
That's a problem. If I am a vendor selling goods and services denominated in Bitcoins, I will want to have an up-to-the-minute price tag. Otherwise, I stand to lose a significant amount of money.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:23:34
Yeah, I'm happy that some of you at least seem capable of having discussions about these things.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:05:53
I would very much like to treat this argument with something approaching respect, but I really can't. A simple Google search reveals that both Western Union and Paypal allow you to send and receive money on a phone, and the fact that you are unwilling to take this simple step to determine the truth of his statements belies the suggestion that you are really interested in truth. You are employing a debate tactic that I consider particularly diabolical: you demand that your interlocutor hold your hand through the entire reasoning process not because you need it, but because this causes him to waste effort on trivialities instead of on the real point. Your employment of this tactic causes me to have no respect for your argument.
If you were interested in truth, you would realize that economics is very different from your perception of it. You've clearly never read any economics, because you could not possibly hold the opinions that you do after having read some of it. You are apparently willing to ignore that which contradicts your world view, including inconsistencies in your own views. If you dislike economics, how dare you ask about which currencies are better for the economy? I thought such predictions were impossible?
I think the most shocking claim in your post is that no one has ever demonstrated a better alternative to Bitcoin. I can think of a very obvious one right now: the US dollar. The US dollar can be transferred in seconds with very low transaction costs and is so well-respected that it is the reserve currency of the world. Monetary policy underlying the US dollar is so sophisticated that global depressions can be avoided simply by intelligent actions on the part of the Federal Reserve. Now compare that to a currency whose value fluctuates by 10% every day. There's no comparison at all.
I am also surprised by this claim that "cryptocurrency" adoption is increasing since this is not reflected in the number of transactions recorded on, for example, [blockchain.info]( If cryptocurrency adoption were really increasing, we would see a rise in the number of transactions. That is simply not happening: the transaction rate has been roughly constant for about a year and a half. And that rate is abysmally low.
The disruptive technology in this whole story is quite definitely not Bitcoin. It's EFTPOS. It's so powerful that it's completely invisible to most people, and yet it really did change the way business was done. Amazon simply could not exist without EFTPOS.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:15:50
To parse that, your thesis is as follows:


Your "evidence" (i.e. assertion) that


is backed only by some data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis that is open to zillions of interpretations.
You fail to:
* produce an objective measure of wealth,
* explain why there should be an immediate and direct relationship between the creation of money by the federal reserve and the velocity of money in the US economy, and
* explain why other possible explanations of this situation, like the ones given by every economist in existence, are wrong or flawed.
As said: not even wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:18:14
You can't track dollars, you can only track transactions. Bitcoins, on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-01-23 15:11:34
It's relevant because divisibility of the currency does not devalue the hoardings of the big players in the Bitcoin market. The big players have already taken their controlling stake and there is *nothing you can do about it*. The market is now their personal fiefdom, and you are their vassal.
@_date: 2014-01-22 16:05:00
Yes, I forgot, expessing an unpopular opinion on this subreddit is identically equal to trolling. How dare I think for myself? I'm such a prick.
@_date: 2014-01-23 14:37:04
If you're going to start disputing definitions, we need to begin with *some* point of agreement. What definition of money are you using? I didn't make up my definition of money, I found it on Wikipedia and it seems consistent with other economics essays I've read.
Money is a store of value, a unit of account, and a medium of transaction. Peas are none of these things. Neither, if you look quite carefully at them, are Bitcoins or subway tokens. The whole point of the definition of money, the one I did not make up, is that it precludes things like peas. Money is supposed to get us past the barter economy, so it is not enough to produce simply a medium of exchange. In what way is Bitcoin a store of value or a unit of account? Who actually uses Bitcoin for these things?
Leaving that to one side, your major argument is that money does not necessitate rules against hoarding. This is true *a priori*, but hoarding intrinsically decreases the money supply and thereby changes the value of money. This precludes money being a good store of value, so decreases in the money supply affect the quality of money. Money is a good store of value only so long as the supply of money is balanced with the demand for money. That's not what happens with hoarding: rising demand *further incentivizes hoarding*, which restricts supply even more. Hoarding is bad for money. For comparison, a savings account in a bank can form part of an asset base that can be leveraged to produce new money.
The problem with Bitcoin is that it strongly incentivizes the sort of hoarding. You can see it happening twice in the year of 2013: media attention fuels increased demand, which levels off as the media and most of the general public stops paying attention. Then everything is stable for a bit until the next round of media attention. But the number of transactions being performed before and after these price increases *did not change*. The long-term average (average over, say, a month) of the number of Bitcoin transactions per day has remained constant for a year and half. You can check this for yourself on blockchain.info. I did.
What is going on? Well, the transaction number gives us an indication that the demand for Bitcoin is actually pretty constant. So what fuels the rise in prices of Bitcoin? It is *purely* the fact that the supply is ever more restricted as people hoard Bitcoin. This is *not how money is supposed to work*. Money is supposed to be a predictable store of value, not subject entirely to the whims of faceless non-participants in the market. Money is supposed to be a unit of account, but the very volatility of Bitcoin prices preclude this usage of the Bitcoin. The only thing that Bitcoin is doing at all is functioning as a medium of exchange, and it's most definitely not a widely accepted one. (Edit: I'm not even convinced that Bitcoin functions as a [medium of exchange]( since different people value Bitcoin rather differently. However, I haven't considered the issue long enough to argue it effectively.) The only reason more people aren't getting out is that they find, possibly to their surprise, that there are huge transaction costs associated with removing their money from the Bitcoin network. This is the *only* reason, as far as I can tell, why the price hasn't crashed yet. The price of Bitcoin is certainly not being fuelled by demand.
Now I admit that I've never taken an economics class. I am, however, a pretty capable autodidact (you'd be surprised how much of a PhD candidacy in theoretical quantum physics requires you to be an autodidact). I got this impression that the stuff I just said is not only correct, but is actually discussed pretty thoroughly in most undergraduate courses on macroeconomics. But you're the one with some sort of economics background. Care to enlighten me in any errors in my thinking?
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:48:17
You didn't read my other posts and you are doing nothing but quoting the usual dogma that I have already read, considered, and rejected. You even had the temerity to call me a noob.
There's no point discussing this.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:10:55
The savings form part of their asset base on which they can capitalize. This is the point of fractional reserve lending.
@_date: 2014-01-24 23:12:14
Fuck you too. /s (&lt;-- this means sarcasm, in case you didn't know...)
Seriously, I think it's because this particular subreddit is shockingly bad at having a real discussion about the economic merits and detriments of Bitcoin. You're seeing bad blood that I *hope* is dissippating.
Edit: I just looked through your comment history. I take it back: the bad blood isn't going anywhere. I suggest lurking for a while and decide whether this is really a forum you want to frequent.
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:02:46
That's mighty presumptuous of you.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:07:52
This isn't Keynesian economics, it's just *economics*. Monetarists agree with since this debate has nothing to do with what the fiscal policies of banks and governments should be. It's about the *definition of money*, which everyone except Bitcoiners agrees on.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:59:07
Thanks for this post. It's encouraged me to post on this subreddit and break my lurker status.
I agree with all your criticisms of Bitcoin, and this is why I have never bought into it. I'd like to add an objection that I have to Bitcoin that I think is warranted given some of the other responses to your post. It is the main reason for my belief that Bitcoin will not survive for very much longer (I once bet six-twelve months, and I still think that it will be functionally dead within that time, but I now think there will be some hangers-on for a few more years).
The objection I have is the idea that the problems of Bitcoin that you raise can be solved with more development. There needs to be a recognition in this community of what Bitcoin actually is: a protocol, and nothing more than a protocol. That means you can distinguish between the protocol and the services based on that protocol. The common belief seems to be that the protocol is perfect and that the services are the only thing that needs work.
I don't dispute that the services need work (that should be obvious), but I think that's a minor objection compared to the objections I have to the protocol itself. Your first point is the real key: transactions take minutes to verify. That makes Bitcoin a fundmentally worse protocol than EFTPOS, and it's unavoidable.
The issue I have is the same issue I have with any innovation that is left in the hands of software developers. Software developers, as a community, have absolutey no sense of the major difficulties in implementing anything other than code. The flaw in this thinking should be obvious in a world with QWERTY keyboards, Microsoft Windows and no Google Wave.
The Bitcoin protocol is, first and foremost, a *financial* protocol. That means programmers have very little relevant expertise, since financial engineering is hundred, arguably thousands, of years old whereas professional software development is maybe half a century old. So you shouldn't judge Bitcoin on its merits as a piece of software. It should be judged as a financial innovation. On these grounds, it fails. If you don't agree, I'm more than happy to read a credible economist give a positive account of quality of the Bitcoin protocol. But it needs to be economic in nature: I'm sick of reading technological masturbation fantasies being treated as actual scholarship.
I'm all for contributing to decentralised electronic currencies, but I'm not willing to produce fairly simple financial services based on a broken protocol. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 23:03:54
I'm a monetarist, and a Canadian.
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:02:48
Let me try to understand this reasoning:
1. The price of Bitcoin will stabilize when there is a large market cap.
2. There will be a large market cap when many people adopt it.
3. Many people will adopt Bitcoin when the price of Bitcoin is stable.
Can you maybe see why I'm not convinced?
@_date: 2014-01-17 03:12:57
Yeah, your attitude is pretty typical Silicon Valley. If a bunch of you guys think something is a good idea, then the rest of the world is just stupid for not getting it. It doesn't help that the entire fucking city of San Francisco just falls over themselves to try and suck your dick.
It's actually just sad to watch for the rest of us. You don't realize that you've turned into Wall Street in the 1980s.
@_date: 2014-01-22 18:51:11
What *are* you saying? Please condense it down to one sentence.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:00:57
You're not free to travel with as much money as you like on your person. If you enter the US with more than $10,000 in *monetary instruments* (including Bitcoin), you must declare it and pay import duties on it. If you avoid this, you're liable for jail time.
Bitcoins make it easy to break the law, but they don't make you exempt from the law. I would call this the most dangerous part of the Bitcoin system.
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:45:09
Wall Street "goons" *did* add value. The fact that you subscribe to the modern mythology of the evil Wall Street investment banker just goes to show you how people will view programmers in about a decade from now. Just look at how people perceive Google and Facebook nowadays and compare it to ten years ago.
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:16:59
My god, gold is one of the most useful metals in existence. You can mould it *with your hands*. It doesn't tarnish. It is [highly electrically conductive]( The only reason its use isn't more common is that it is scarce and expensive. If it became cheaper, demand would shoot *way* up.
As for Bitcoin being "unnecessary", I didn't say that. I said that the *bells and whistles* are unnecessary for a good currency. A public ledger of transactions is a *fundamentally bad idea*, **especially** when it is intrinsic to the transaction protocol! It means the entire network is party to every transaction that occurs: the biggest middle man imaginable. The network will not do that work for free. This isn't about privacy, it's about *unnecessary bells and whistles* that fundamentally limit the efficacy of the protocol.
But remember when I said this?


You're going on about technical details that are totally irrelevant to the only question that matters: is Bitcoin a good currency? The answer really is an unequivocal 'no'. Anyone who has spent any time at all learning about the nature of currency is going to be forced to agree with me.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:38:55
I'm Canadian, so my bank doesn't speculate. In any event, you're trying to solve a banking problem by introducing a *currency*? Seriously?
As for an *intrinsic* value of Bitcoin, you could only think I'd believe that if you haven't read anything I've written. The extrinsic value of gold comes from the fact that I know everyone will accept payment in gold if need be. The point is that it's a currency of last resort.
But I'm tired and I'm going to bed. I've said all I have to say, and at this point people are just repeating the same arguments to me in the misguided hope that repetition will change my mind.
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:09:10
You have found that economic thinkers of all political persuasions are dismissive of Bitcoin, so your conclusion is that the objection is *political*?
My god, you could cut the cognitive dissonance with a knife.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:40:17
[Relevant]( I disagree, by the way, that expressing an opinion makes you a troll.
Edit: Here is an [interesting discussion]( from the Chicago Manual of Style (apologies if this is behind a paywall for you -- I'm at a University). Interestingly, one of the suggestions [splits an infinitive](
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:22:40
You're right, I didn't give a good defense of my claim. I'll try to flesh it out a bit, but I'd first like to point out a minor flaw, followed by a major one, in the comparison between Bitcoin and TCP. The minor flaw is that TCP is only one layer of TCP/IP, and is not well-suited to some applications. Comparing Bitcoin to TCP is apt, but one needs to be aware that the internet does not run on TCP alone... in fact, the internet would be fundamentally flawed if it ran only on TCP. Other layers to the protocol are necessary for the internet to function as we are used to it functioning. I think that extra layers may rescue the Bitcoin protocol, if it wasn't for my next objection.
The major flaw in the comparison between Bitcoin and TCP is that Bitcoin is designed to transport wealth, whereas TCP is designed to transport information. The point is that information can be copied and is cheap. Bitcoin-The-Currency (hereafter referred to as BTC to distinguish from the Bitcoin *protocol*) is expensive and cannot be copied. That means the various tricks used to improve on TCP in the TCP/IP suite will not work for Bitcoin. Packet loss is not a fatal flaw in data transfer, but it is for wealth transfer. The major flaw in comparing Bitcoin to TCP is therefore that it ignores the difficulty of the crucial step that allowed TCP to be so important: the evolution from TCP to TCP/IP, which is easy because it only requires an agreement on standards. Going from BTC to BTC + fast transfers is not an easy problem, and in fact I consider it impossible without introducing something very like the modern banking system that Bitcoin is supposed to circumvent.
Now I'll try to give a better defense of my point that the Bitcoin protocol is fundamentally broken, which really does center on the transaction verification part of the Bitcoin protocol. Despite objections to the contrary, the transfer of BTC necessarily involves more than two parties. There is the sender, the receiver, and the *verifier*. The verifier must be a disinterested party (or several such parties) because an interested verifier can lie for profit. If I understand correctly, the current method of verification involves announcing the transaction to the network, and various actors in the network confirm the transaction *whenever they feel like getting around to it*. These actors profit by their work because they are also BTC miners, again if I understand correctly.
This is all well and good if practically anyone can profitably mine BTC, but this is no longer feasible for your average teenager in their basement. In fact, it will get exponentially harder to mine BTC over time, so only the biggest players will have an incentive to mine and therefore to verify transactions. In other words, we have introduced entities that function very much like large banks do in the EFTPOS system. Remember that Bitcoin is supposed to allow you to "be your own bank"? We just lost the main reason to use Bitcoin. Maybe you can object and point out that you can pay a fee to a third party to act as verifier, but this is again the introduction of someone that is effectively functioning as a payment agent -- that is, a bank (though banks do more than this).
The problem of verification is unavoidable. This might not be such a big deal for peer-to-peer transactions of large amounts of money, but it is for micropayments and, crucially, for high-frequency trading. If you've ever thought about foreign exchange markets, you'll be aware that global economic health is crucially dependent on a highly liquid currency exchange market, which is to say that price discrepancies between exchanges are negligibly small at any given instant in time. This cannot happen with BTC unless we have trustworthy exchange markets. Recent events have shown that such trustworthy exchanges do not yet exist, but I argue that they *cannot* exist because any such exchange is highly incentivised to act as a bank. I'll explain.
The obvious method for running an exchange is the one most BTC exchanges seem to use: currency doesn't leave the exchange unless specifically requested. That means traders on exchanges are not directly trading currency. Rather, they are *depositing* their money and then *trading account balances* with other depositors. The BTC currency exchange is therefore an institution that accepts deposits and facilitates trade, which is to say it is functioning very much like a bank. The only thing it's not doing is lending, which is fundamentally impossible with BTC because the act of lending creates money and BTC cannot be created. But of course this "exchange" (which is actually a bank of rather dubious quality) is incentivised to turn a profit from their business of accepting deposits and allowing trade within their walled garden. The old solution is quite attractive: fractional reserve lending. The flaw in that solution is also an old one: banking runs, like what happened with Mt. Gox. The resolution of that flaw is also an old one, which is to float the currency. However, BTC cannot be floated because the definition of a BTC is built directly into the Bitcoin protocol.
I think that all this could be solved if we scrapped the Bitcoin protocol and introduced a new one with similar features but *allowed for floating currency*. I think this is the practical solution. The ideal solution is to introduce insurance for Bitcoin transactions, but I consider this impractical because someone needs to watch the watchmen, and the old solution to that problem is to make the government do it. If we're going to involve government at all, however, we should just cut out all the middlemen and let government back the currency (this is, by the way, the solution that was implemented with the US dollar, which used to be essentially a certificate of deposit for gold).
I hope this rather long-winded post gives a sense of why I think Bitcoin is irreparably flawed. I don't have an incentive to write this up more formally, and in any case I'm not an economist and would benefit from discussions with an economist if I were to explain this more thoroughly.
**TL;DR:** The Bitcoin protocol is a throwback to discredited 19th century ideas about finance.
@_date: 2014-01-14 06:26:18
Great links, thanks a lot. I'm pondering the Parable of the Broken Window now. Though I sympathize with the principles underlying your explanation of the Austrian school, it's not at all apparent to me that the consequences of such a laissez-faire approach are desirable. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:01:44
The convincing argument is that literally the entire world accepts USD. Have you ever travelled abroad? I always carry USD in cash for this reason. I've been screwed before.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:20:26
But there's no transaction history for a dollar. I can't look at a dollar and know exactly how it came to be in your hand. You might have found it on the ground. Bitcoins, on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:03:59
Hmm, I never considered this. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:58:46
Most deserving downvote I have ever given. You've contributed precisely nothing to this conversation. Thanks for wasting my time.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:09:10
No, he's saying that *neither of those two things are money*. If you've taken an economics class, you must be aware that money and barter items just aren't the same things. Peas might be a useful barter item under some circumstances, but they are not money.
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:37:49
Did you just literally give your two cents' worth of Dogecoins?
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:54:52
Gold and Silver are stores of value. Notice how the price of both jumped as the Financial crisis unfolded. The volatility of Gold and Silver is an expression of volatility in the market place, not on the value of Gold and Silver themselves.
My point is that I don't need to worry too much about an accurate up-to-the-minute price on Gold if I want to buy it and hold it for a significant period of time, or if I'm going to trade Gold for something else. This is not true of Bitcoin.
The reason I say that Bitcoin is inherently volatile is because it depends on the number of Bitcoins in circulation, rather than the number in existence. That is because Bitcoins, unlike Gold, is supposed to be transacted quickly. With Gold, you are probably concerned with getting it within some number of weeks, rather than minutes. That means you can (usually) afford to wait a little while to get your hands on your Gold. You don't buy Gold for high-frequency trading.
Now I don't know much about the subjects that come up in all of this. My point is simply that I can't see why anyone would use Bitcoin as a currency *today*. If the volatility were to drop significantly in several years, maybe it would make sense to use it as a currency. As it stands, I find it strange and irrational that people use Bitcoins to buy cups of coffee.
@_date: 2014-03-28 17:19:31
Look, a tool either works or it doesn't. I'll use a tool that works and I won't use a tool that doesn't work. I'll check back in three years, but my guess that Bitcoin will be long gone by then. It will be seen as an interesting idea that lost a lot of people a lot of money, and it will maybe guide the design of future financial transaction networks. I think the only think keeping it afloat right now is the stubbornness, and disposable income, of its boosters. The minute either of those things starts to dry up, crash.
@_date: 2014-01-26 02:55:18
I don't have that first hand. I think widespread adoption is *bad* for Bitcoin, because I think the protocol needs fundamental revisions that will be more difficult as it becomes more widely adopted. The inevitable crash will make it more difficult to introduce better digital currencies in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:47:54
Yes, this is my point. A lot of the fees that exist in traditional banking exist in order to ensure compliance with the law. The only reason no one cares about Bitcoin is that it's too small to care about. If Bitcoin ever becomes big, which I doubt, transaction fees will pop up all over the place because government will start sticking its hands into those pockets.
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:32:37
It's not easily transactable. I have to take on all responsibility for wallet security, whereas my bank takes the responsibility for security for an extremely small fee. It's also difficult to buy and sell Bitcoins as valued in USD quickly. It also takes *ten minutes* to verify a transaction, which is an eternity compared to the transaction time of USD.
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:13:54
I suppose I could be considered a tech-savvy person, and I definitely think Bitcoin is horseshit. I did give Bitcoin a fair shake at two points. In mid-2012 I considered setting up a Bitcoin wallet and purchasing some Bitcoins as essentially a gamble. However, I looked into two things before deciding not to: what would I buy with the Bitcoins, and how would I buy them?
The questions are related, since the only thing I could buy with Bitcoins is drugs. I thought Bitcoins were a dumb way to buy drugs, however, because Bitcoins are inherently traceable. Cold hard cash is not. Any other use case I considered could only be justified by, at best, minuscule savings on transaction costs. If this was the case and Bitcoins became widely adopted, all that would happen is that existing transaction prices would feel market pressure to drop.
So the only reason for buying Bitcoins was as a gamble on the future price of Bitcoins. I thought this was an extremely risky bet, however, because maybe a better protocol would supplant Bitcoin and I would lose all my money. If I couldn't sell the Bitcoins, any money I had put into the scheme would be *gone*. I thought that my money would be better invested safely in, for example, Google stock or (more likely) mutual funds. However, I am a student and therefore have a very limited income. All the investment advice I could find indicated that I should keep my money in an easily accessible savings account (in Canada, there is a Tax-Free Savings Account designed for this purpose). So I decided that any money I felt like spending on Bitcoin would be saved for Poker games -- which is more fun and has better odds.
Then, in November 2013, I was made aware of the huge boom in Bitcoin prices. I was shocked by sites like [bitcoinity.org]( demonstrating the unbelievable rise of USD/BTC conversion rates. When I say unbelievable, I mean unbelievable. How could this value of the Bitcoin be justified?
Over the course of a few weeks, I determined that this was entirely due to an extremely restricted supply of Bitcoins coupled with a demand that was, and is, being inflated by media attention. [I saw ridiculously high values being estimated for the gini coefficient of Bitcoin wealth.]( I saw that there is no ability to purchase Bitcoin-valued bonds nor other derivatives.  I was, and am, convinced that Bitcoin is a speculative bubble that will pop within the next six-twelve months, but does not have a price floor to give investors some kind of ability to regain their money. When you lose your money, you will lose *all* of it.
The main reason that I am willing to use the strong term "horseshit" comes not from the protocol, however, but from you guys. Any reasoned criticism [like this]( is irrationally ridiculed as "fear, uncertainty, doubt" rather than reasonably responded to (I'd say that article was the single most important one I read in my quest to understand Bitcoin). The pro-Bitcoin arguments do not ever stem from economic fundamentals but from discussions of the technology. I deal with enough professional programmers to know what I am seeing: programmers are hammers who see every problem as a nail. Programmers as a culture have a reckless disregard for the difficulty of other avenues of human thought, usually thinking that the hard bit is the code. They usually do not realize that this is usually the *easy* part.
So why am I, and most other economically literate people, skeptical? It's because the economic foundations for this supposed internet currency *simply isn't there*. A currency is not a technical problem, it's an economic one. You fail to consider the economics of Bitcoin at your great financial peril.
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:23:09
I'll come around today if you can give me *one convincing argument* in favour of adopting Bitcoin. Neither you nor anyone else has done so, and I've been looking for months.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:33:17
Or San Francisco is a woman. Typical male chauvinist.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:46:28
The reasoning is just **bad**. The answers are just **bad**. I don't know how else to say it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:23:34
I really don't think it's a side-effect. I think it tells us volumes about where the real demand for crypto-currencies is to be found.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:23:45
If you can't convince me, you can't convince anyone worth a damn. You will never get your wide adoption in society if you can't convince people that it's actually worth their while to invest in it.
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:15:03
You're not understanding what I'm saying. You're telling me that Bitcoin has many features and I agree. The problem is, **these features do not solve real problems**. You have to state the problem, tell me why it's a problem, and *then* we can discuss whether Bitcoin's features solve that problem.
I said, several times, that I am perfectly willing to listen to reasonable points. I just haven't heard any, beyond the cleverness of the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:52:41
Where would I go to purchase Bitcoin derivatives? Trustworthy vendors only, please.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:42:06
I don't think you know what the word "troll" means.
@_date: 2014-01-15 12:58:21
I'm pondering what this implies about different monetary policies. Should this make me a Keynesian, or will the demand for money rise enough so that this isn't a problem?
Thanks for affirming the points I raise though. I was doubting my decision after having managed to draw out some thoughtful posts with this thread, but now that you came along I remember why I hate this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:52:53
This is a very good point, but in that case you might be opening yourself to tax evasion or money-laundering charges. I wouldn't buy into a transaction network before the legal situation had been cleared up, or I might find myself open to prosecution on serious criminal charges.
Edit: I'll be a bit clearer. I don't think the challenge for a transaction network is technical, I think the challenge is legal. As for being a store of value, there is no intrinsic value to a Bitcoin because its value is determined by fiat. I'd be concerned about using this as a long-term store of value for that reason.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:26:01
And you pay them a transaction fee! Isn't this why we didn't like banks?
As for your other points: no one is saying that gold is a good currency. I agree that gold is a bad currency for exactly the reasons you name. It is a good store of value because it's useful, doesn't decay, is limited, and has a long history of use in trade.
@_date: 2014-03-23 14:38:35
I don't see anything in the rules that says that this is a "pro-Bitcoin" subreddit. All I see is that it's a subreddit devoted to news and discussion of Bitcoin.
When I posted here for a very short time, the price of Bitcoin was just about peaking. I was downvoted and flamed a lot for simply being skeptical of Bitcoin and pro-Bitcoin arguments. I chose to simply stop posting here because there were very few posters with whom I could have a serious discussion about the economic merits of Bitcoin, and at least one of them no longer posts here. Others called me a troll for expressing an unpopular opinion.
So I'll admit that you're right: talking shit and being a douche isn't the same as expressing an opinion. It's just that pro-Bitcoin people should be aware of it when they, for example, upvote trolls who share their opinion and downvote skeptics who are being respectful and reasonable. That behaviour is what makes people vicious, not moderator ineptitude.
I've been a moderator on internet forums before. Believe me when I say that there is very little a moderator can do when this kind of thing happens. The responsibility of creating a respectful community rests with the posters and the voting lurkers, not with the mods.
@_date: 2014-01-25 14:32:58
I think a Bitcoin documentary can serve as method of fuelling demand amongst less-informed potential investors. That can be the innocuous activity of enthusiasts, or it can be more sinister.
If I were a malicious investor, I could think of no more effective strategy to "pump" my suggested investment than to make a propaganda movie for a few thousand dollars. The point is that your "rising tide" helps the people who are *already invested* in Bitcoin. There is absolutely no guarantee that it will help the people who decide to invest in Bitcoin by purchasing Bitcoins from people who already have them. In fact, if Bitcoin is a bad investment, it *hurts* them. This is the very essence of a [pump and dump]( scam.
When I say that the creators are not financing their film in Bitcoins, I mean that their funding goal is denominated in US Dollars. When I refer to financing, I am referring to the fact that this movie appears to denominate its budget in US dollars rather than Bitcoin. That strikes me as a tad strange for a movie that is supposedly documenting the rise of Bitcoin. The fact that they use Bitcoin as one of several payment systems is not relevant to my point. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:49:07
Thanks. I believe in putting my money where my mouth is. I am willing to be shown to be wrong -- in fact, this would be *great* because it means I had an opportunity to learn something new.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:43:23
These are good points, but all I can say is that I think Bitcoin is caught in a Catch-22 where it will be stable only when it is widely adopted and widely adopted only when it's stable. I do not think there is a resolution to this problem.
An interesting misconception is creeping in, by the way. Gold is mildly, predictably, and constantly inflationary whereas Bitcoin is not even really inflationary any more, since mining is too difficult and not rewarding enough. Gold does not have the same hoarding problem as Bitcoin.
Edit: and it's time for sleep. Good night, and thanks for a good debate. You've given me some things to ponder, though I don't see a lot of room to reconsider my position at a fundamental level.
@_date: 2014-01-23 15:48:56
Yeah, but so what?
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:21:57
The point is that when a bank lends you dollars, the dollars didn't come from anywhere. After all, where could they have come from? They don't come from the accounts of others at the bank, because if you don't pay back the loan it would be crazy if other account holders would be out the money. They simply introduce a new account which says you owe them some money, and if you ask for it they'll give you the money in cash instead of in abstract numbers.
The point is that lending *creates dollars*. There are dollars in circulation that simply didn't exist before. This is the fundamental point with fractional reserve banking: the fractional reserve is the demand that the bank cannot lend more than a certain multiple of its assets. This is impossible with Bitcoin because you cannot simply call Bitcoins into existence out of thin air in order to lend them. As pointed out in a post yesterday, *someone* is out the principal. That's not true for USD, or for other floating currencies. This is what makes Bitcoin a fundamentally bad currency: it cannot represent *money* the way that floating currencies can.
Is that clear enough? This is a point that is raised very often and I am wary of responding because when this explanation is given, people just seem to choose to misunderstand and then start telling me or whoever is explaining it that we are stupid, trolls, or just wrong. It certainly pisses me off, because this is the most basic macroeconomic process and I was able to learn about it *having never taken an economics class*.
So in short, yes, the money has to be fictitious as you say. The point is that *this is a good idea*. If you're starting a small business and you need to invest in equipment and personnel, you need money. If people are hoarding money, you'll never be able to get started. The entire banking system of the world is set up so the small business can get started because there is an incentive for the loaner to lend the money to the business, and there is an incentive for the business to borrow the money. Its a win-win proposition, and it would be *impossible* with Bitcoin.
Now the problem I continue to have is that you are proposing things like building a website to solve what is actually a *fundamental issue* with the Bitcoin protocol. You can't fix this problem with a website. You need to *revise the protocol*. If people were talking about different Bitcoin-like protocols, I wouldn't be nearly so pissed off. As it stands, everyone thinks I'm some kind of luddite simply because I ask, and answer, the question you should all be asking: **Is the Bitcoin protocol actually a good one?** Though there are some good ideas behind it, the answer is an unequivocal *no*.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:04:26
So I don't really know. I'm not an expert or even well educated in the subject. I just think that people try to store their money in uncertain economic times and I did see the price of gold spike during economic uncertainty. But if you have useful educational materials, I'd be very happy to read them.
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:40:08
If gold falls, I *still have the gold*. Gold is intrinsically ~~valuable~~ useful, but Bitcoin is not. That said, I don't advise putting your money in Gold either. It's been inflated for years because of uncertainty in forex markets. I think the sensible bet right now is US bonds.
As for these supposedly "unique" features of Bitcoin, I really don't see why you think they're unique. But never mind that. You can add all the bells and whistles you want to a currency but it won't help adoption if they're simply unnecessary. Public transaction listing is probably the stupidest thing you can do for a currency, and it's built into Bitcoin.
I would be a lot happier with the Bitcoin protocol if it allowed for the movement of non-Bitcoin currencies. Then I'll agree to its value. But because all transactions must be BTC-denominated, it's a fundamentally shitty protocol.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:17:55
I acknowledge your red herring.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:40:24
I've pondered your answer a bit more and I'd like to raise another point. Given the possiblity of massive fluctuations of the value of Bitcoin on short time-scales, coupled with the inherent high-frequency cutoff for trading imposed by the verification protocol, aren't you afraid that Bitcoin's usefulness as a transaction network will be compromised by extreme volatility?
I would consider this a non-issue if you can trade derivatives on Bitcoin transactions. Gold, for example, can be traded without physical movement of the gold itself because you can trade contracts virtually instantaneously. Verifying the validity of a contract is O(1) in time, whereas I imagine verification of a Bitcoin is o(log time), and quite possibly worse. I would have to understand the concept of a block chain quite a bit more before I could understand the nature of the frequency cutoff in Bitcoin trading.
@_date: 2014-01-12 17:48:29
Speaking as a Quantum Information scientist with some expertise in superconducting quantum computation, I can tell you that it's not just "a few scientists getting into a semantics debate". It's the fact that the damn machine is not a quantum computer and is not even a classical computer. It is a purpose-built device to solve ONE particular problem that is completely uninteresting and can be solved more quickly on your laptop.
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:33:14
Large, unpredictable price fluctuations over short timescales is the definition of volatility. I've looked myself at the price history of Bitcoin over the last 18 months and seen it for myself. This would be fine if Bitcoin is purely a commodity, like a share in Facebook or Twitter. The point is that this is *not what it's supposed to be*, and in fact you need look no further than this subreddit to see how annoying that view is to people who support Bitcoin. Bitcoin is supposed to be a currency, which mean it needs to function as a store of value. It's failing **miserably** at that key task.
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:10:57
OK, I understand your point. Sorry. I think that this is true in principle with Bitcoin, but the trade is that you now have your money in a highly risky experimental technology instead.
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:17:31
Very accurate, but it at least gives me a way to put my money where my mouth is in terms of Bitcoin predictions. It's not exactly what I want, since I still consider a bond market to be essential, but it's a start.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:33:03
I'd recommend the same back to you. You're the one that claimed that a fiat (supposed) currency has intrinsic value.
@_date: 2014-01-27 06:12:03
I think there are two aspects to Bitcoin: a transaction network (which is very nice) and a currency (which is really bad). The transaction network is great because it doesn't require a central clearing house to validate transactions. The currency is bad for the same reason that gold is a bad currency: no ability to control the money supply.
Despite what a lot of Bitcoin boosters believe, the way the Bitcoin currency is set up puts way too much power in the hands of the rich to manipulate the market for their own ends. The Bitcoin market is therefore extremely centralized, which is not the intention at all. The Bitcoin market is nothing but the fiefdom of a few major players like the Winklevoss twins, much like Bitcoin boosters think (wrongly) that the US market place is the fiefdom of the US government or major US bankers. The difference is that the US government and major US bankers are accountable, at least in principle, because they are subject to regulation.
The US system is far from perfect, which is why the government has to do things like prop up banks that deserve to fail and not prosecute the reckless criminals who caused all the problems, but the existing system is squeaky clean compared to the sorts of manipulations that are possible with the Bitcoin system for a major player. You can't trust anyone in the Bitcoin ecosystem, not even major exchanges like Mt. Gox. Your money could vanish overnight.
The solution in my mind is essentially a digital version of free banking. I want to not only be my own bank, I want to be able to print my own banknotes. Let the market decide what my banknotes are worth, and let me decide when to print banknotes and why. Don't force me to accept a currency that can be manipulated so easily by others.
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:54:57
I happen to study machine learning algorithms professionally. There is no way, shape, or form in which machine learning algorithms are better than a *rabbit* for determining credibility. Keep in mind, someone has to *program* those machine learning algorithms and correct mistakes that come up in this very young field of research.
Besides all that, you still haven't considered the real problem: where does the capital come from in a Bitcoin economy? You can't lend **commercially** unless there is a financial incentive to do so. When the value of currency depreciates over time, thereby expressing the [time value of money]( you have an incentive to lend that money to people and charge interest. If you don't lend, you don't create capital that drives growth. If you have no incentive to lend, you aren't going to lend.
People are *not* lending Bitcoins at a commercial level. I defy you to give me one counterexample.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:16:04
You *are* doing a pretty impressive job of sticking your fingers in your ears.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:21:31
The wheel was never useless, and I struggle to think where in the world you got this idea. Necessity is the mother of invention, not vice versa.
See, you're exhibiting an attitude that scares me. I'm trying to think the way I think you should be trying to think. Like a member of the economy who is cagey of scams. That means I am wary of speculative ventures in general.
I can accept the idea that Bitcoin is *experimental*, and I am indeed thinking about ways that I might develop something useful for a Bitcoin-like protocol (I'm trying to think how a floating currency could be implemented using the blockchain idea). But that is a *wholly* distinct question from whether it is a sound economic investment.
There are two issues that you are conflating. The first is the idea behind Bitcoin, which is the decentralized transaction network. I fully admit that this is potentially revolutionary. The second issue is the *specific implementation* of that idea in the form of the Bitcoin protocol. I think that the implementation is bad, and has no long-term future. That's because the *currency* is bad, and the currency is ensconced into the system. That's a *big problem*. Our efforts should not be directed at creating apps for smartphones that allow users to more conveniently initiate transactions that were already possible, our efforts should be directed at *improving the protocol*. My entire objection to the Bitcoin community is that they are **fundamentally lacking in innovation**. They are simply replicating the abilities of the existing banking system instead of asking the important question of whether this protocol really is better than the one they are seeking to supplant.
My problem, fundamentally, is that if efforts directed at Bitcoin are supposed to be curiousity-driven as in science, it is fundamentally *bad science*. That's because the technology being considered is economic technology, and no one seems to have any expertise in economics.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:55:36
Can you recommend some reading? The original Satoshi paper is a bit technical, so I have yet to dive into it properly. I would be interested to read some discussion on potential applications that are not simply treating BTC as fiat currency. I would prefer non-technical to technical, but I'm competent enough to read technical literature.
@_date: 2014-03-23 14:46:27
I spent a little time here because I wanted to understand if my opinions about Bitcoins were justified. I learned a lot when I spent time here, but I eventually left because I didn't see any indication that most people were willing to have a civil and reasonable discussion about Bitcoin. There were counterexamples, sure, but it wasn't worth the time. I learned what I wanted to and left.
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:42:36
Jesus, alright. Here are some of the worst examples: 
[In the myths section:](
* "Bitcoins don't solve any problems that fiat currency and/or gold doesn't solve" -- the thing that is missing is any discussion of *why these listed features solve actual problems*.
* "A currency being "backed" means that it is pegged to something else via a central party at a certain exchange rate" -- Very poorly written, since the word "pegged" is highly ambiguous and there is no need for a central party. Fiat currencies are backed by the power of their issuing governments, for example, since they make laws saying that currencies must be accepted for debts public and private.
* "there being fewer bitcoins remaining is not a problem for the currency itself" ... unless you believe that deflationary currencies are *bad*.
* "Bitcoin has an expected win-win outcome." No, it doesn't. Anyone who gains a Bitcoin does so at the expense of another party.
* "Bitcoin can't work because there is no way to control inflation." Yes, true. The whole point of the Great Depression is that it was a result of *deflation*. This 'myth' not only remains unbusted, the supposed response shows a complete lack of understanding of money as a concept.
* "Point of sale with bitcoins isn't possible because of the 10 minute wait for confirmation." Another 'myth' remaining unbusted.
* "That said, nothing inherent in the dollar or euro or any other currency is necessary for chargebacks to be possible, and likewise, nothing prevents the creation of PayPal-like services denominated in Bitcoin that provide chargebacks or fraud protection." THIS IS THE REASON FOR MANY OF THE TRANSACTION COSTS THAT EXIST IN THE FIRST PLACE. All that this says is that Bitcoin is trying to do what is already being done anyway. I can have all these benefits by using my bank, and their transaction costs are very low.
* "Shopkeepers can't seriously set prices in bitcoins because of the volatile exchange rate." Another unbusted myth. Rapidity of transaction requires, amongst other things, an efficient currency conversion market that simply doesn't exist for BTC.
**Edit:** I want to be clear that I love the blockchain concept. That's great. What isn't great is the *currency you are forced to use with this technology*. I think the underlying principles are good, but there is much more work to do before ideas like Bitcoin can actually work.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:58:23
Thanks for the reading recommendations, and thanks for a good discussion. I'm going to have to return to my regularly scheduled program, but I appreciate the chance to consider new ideas.
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:05:17
Currency isn't supposed to be ideological. It's supposed to be a *tool*. Bitcoin is just an inferior tool, and no amount of whining about it on Reddit is ever going to change that.
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:00:57
Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but I think the issue is not that this guy was hacking. I think the issue is that he was using hacked and therefore poorly tested code to run a billion dollars' worth of transactions. Nothing you said addressed that rather crucial issue.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:44:26
But if the value of a Bitcoin is always rising and you choose to make a purchase, why not wait an extra few days and buy the same thing for fewer Bitcoins? My point is that you have no reason to *spend* a Bitcoin, unless you are buying something whose value is growing even faster than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-14 02:29:36
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:03:39
Then why is it that the price is only stable when transaction volume is low?
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:04:01
[Money is:](
* a medium of exchange (yes)
* a unit of account (yes)
* a store of value (no)
* a measure of value (in principle yes, in practice no)
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:41:29
I sympathize with how you feel, but I want to put you in the shoes of someone like for a second. He really has addressed all these points before and has had nothing but bullshit in response. It's a miracle to me that he even continues to post here, because as far as I can tell he really isn't a troll. It takes more than getting snarky on the internet to earn the label of "troll" in my books.
Be that as it may, I want to give you the response I believe you deserve. Before I do, I want to make the following two points clear. First, I do not believe you truly addressed his points (nor has anyone else) though you did make a good attempt. Second, I fully expect to get downvoted for this post not because I'm not going to contribute to the discussion but because *that's how people on this subreddit behave*. The sooner you realize that, the sooner you will understand that is merely the most vocal of many of us who are interested in Bitcoin but feel marginalized because we think it is only an *indicator* of how a good decentralized currency can be implemented. We feel that Bitcoin itself is not the final form, so to speak.
To address your specific points:
* The difficulty of buying and selling has nothing to do with infrastructure. As others have pointed out many times, the infrastructure is already in place. The problem is that there are a finite number of Bitcoins, so the only way to get them is to *take* them from someone. That means the only way to obtain Bitcoins is by going to the open market -- either doing it yourself or paying someone to do it for you. That is an inbuilt cost into transacting with Bitcoins: you need to *obtain* Bitcoins before you can possibly use them. The same problem exists when you try to trade Bitcoins for, say, US Dollars. You need to go back to the open market, and that is an intrinsic cost. That is *not* true of US dollars, because you can borrow them *without taking them from anyone*. That is the concept of lending, and the concept of lending literally cannot work with a currency like Bitcoin. You also cannot lend gold in the pure sense of the word lend. This should not surprise you, since Bitcoins are explicitly modelled on gold. Weirdly enough, everyone on this subreddit seems to agree that gold is a bad currency and yet do not seem to extrapolate to realize that this *also makes Bitcoin a bad currency*.
* The complexity of the internet involves the transfer of packets with which the ordinary user need never interact directly. The complexity of the Bitcoin network involves the transfer of Bitcoins *that the user both wants and needs to interact with directly*. You can never bury the complexity that these tokens fundamentally represent the money they have put into the network, nor can you bury their desire to watch the movement of their value very carefully. Remember, there is no upper limit to the number of data packets on the internet but there *is* an upper limit to the number of Bitcoins in circulation. If there was no upper limit to the number of Bitcoins that can exist, my objections to Bitcoin would vanish immediately. I would be all aboard. Many people, including me and have raised this point many times only to find absolutely no answer put forward other than rather flagrant *ad hominems*, which is absolutely despicable and needs to stop.
* The lack of accountability and protection has nothing to do with wallet security. The protection we need is the guarantee that Bitcoins are worth something. The value of the US Dollar is underwritten by the US government in the sense that they make the guarantee that the US Dollar is accepted by law for financial transactions in the United States of America. There is absolutely no such guarantee backing Bitcoin. This is a very difficult problem that we are not close to solving. How do we guarantee the value of Bitcoins, or other such digital currencies? No one is talking about this problem, though I'm sure people like Nick Szabo are thinking about it. I'm sure thinking about it.
* The deflationary point has been raised a million times and *never addressed*. Have you read the much-vaunted Bitcoin wiki on the subject? [It says]( "Bitcoin is not affected by [the deflationary spiral] because it is fundamentally different from popular currency." What? How does this difference affect *anything at all* about the deflationary spiral? Why was it that this became a problem with gold several times over the last few hundred years? It brought down the Spanish Empire, for example. Are you honestly telling me that you find this convincing *in the slightest*? The article demonstrates, repeatedly, *basic misunderstandings* about what a [deflationary spiral]( actually *is*? I quote, "Deflation was present during most economic depressions in US history." How can that *not* scare you?
Now, I would like to warn you that I have had these arguments before and am exhausted by the complete lack of interest in a real economic discussion on this subreddit. Every argument I have seen has been full of fallacies, most commonly the *ad hominem* and the [red herring]( If you raise some genuinely new points, I may be willing to engage with you. But if you reply and you don't receive a response from me, it is because I saw absolutely nothing worth responding to because I do not expect a reasoned debate on this subreddit.
Good luck. I hope you take this post in the spirit in which it was intended. I am honestly trying to explain why there are many people like me that are reasonable and yet almost totally convinced that Bitcoin is a waste of their money and energy. I am also trying to explain why we generally don't post on this subreddit. I also maintain that is not a troll. Rather, this subreddit is entirely too kind to flames and piss-poor reasoning. Though I skim this subreddit a bit, and a bit more recently, I consider it so toxic that I have chosen to post only in the select circumstances when I believe that my opinion might actually have an impact on somebody somewhere.
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:11:30
No, gold is a good store of value and Bitcoin is not. Bitcoin is designed to mimic gold, but it does that job very poorly.
@_date: 2014-01-24 23:37:49
[Relevant.]( I get into very interesting discussions with my feminist friends about the problems associated with Reddit and other such internet forums. It's really a throwback to an older internet that is dying, but not yet dead. Sociologically, it's fascinating.
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:35:34
I often find the right question is far more useful than a personalized answer.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:21:45
Do you have some reasonably unbiased source that summarizes this conflict? This is not the first time I've heard reference to the schism between Keynesian economics and Austrian/monetarist economics. (Side question: is Austrian roughly equivalent to monetarist, or have I just pissed off half of the economists on the planet?)
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:17:55
**EXACTLY!** Just because there's a good reason for its volatility, am I supposed to pat it on the head and buy some of it to make it feel better?
Now riddle me this: why should I buy into an experimental technology like this? How is it going to improve my life?
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:22:11
Oh, I've read the manual. It's just terrible. You guys treat it as some bible and it's full of so many holes I might as well use it to grate carrots.
@_date: 2014-01-18 14:36:45
Your economy is destabilized, is it? Your best move is not to start a new currency, your best move is to *leave the country*. There are plenty of other stable countries like mine.
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:32:50
I looked around and couldn't find it. Can you help me out?
Edit: [Is this it?](
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:22:31
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:59:46
Oh, it's an asset. It's just a bad one.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:49:16
Are you measuring growth by stock prices? Because that's wrong. I'm referring to ~~net cash flow: income - expenditures~~ gross income. By this measure, Google was insolvent for around the first two years of its existence, and Facebook for much longer. Twitter is still insolvent, as is Reddit.
The reason investors put money into higher risk companies like these is because it forms part of a larger portfolio. Most of their money would be in low risk ventures, but they have an incentive to put some of their money into high-risk ventures because their rate of return is likely to be much higher in the long run if their speculations are intelligent and well-diversified.
If you can be guaranteed to make money by hoarding, the barrier for innovative companies is much higher. Google and Facebook were essentially "building better mousetraps" (Yahoo! and Altavista for Google, and Myspace and Livejournal for Facebook). There was no reason at the time to think they would necessarily change the world the way they did. They were more likely to form part of a developing ecosystem. This is the likely future of Twitter and Reddit, by the way. 
In a deflationary economy, Twitter and Reddit wouldn't exist -- at least, not for long. In the current economy, innovation is incentivized.
@_date: 2014-01-15 13:04:01
Or I've been thinking about Bitcoin for months now and started checking out this subreddit in order to find reasoned counterarguments to the ones I came up with.
For the most part, no I didn't. The true believers have only given what I consider extremely superficial justifications for Bitcoin that are based on masturbating to technology instead of considering economic fundamentals, and just hate on anyone who rationally disagrees.
One of the most consistent counterexamples was He wasn't the only one, but he was pretty consistently battling against flat-out stupidity about money and gave good explanations.
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:30:07
Well, I'm kind of surprised that you are capable of determining how exactly allocates his votes. I thought that information was not accessible to the general public. I also have not seen much from him about the technical details of the Bitcoin protocol beyond the accurate facts that there is a finite number of Bitcoins and that it takes ten minutes to verify a given transaction (which is an eternity for a fiat currency). Besides all that, I would say that you and are the ones following him around. How exactly did you find this discussion thread?
Be that all as it may, responds to people and to posts he reads -- just like most users. It's not OK when he does it, however, because he consistently expresses an opinion you disagree with. That's groupthink, pure and simple. I don't see why you demand that he state his opinion once and once only given that no one else follows these rules, nor are they expected to. We can't assume that every user will read every thread, and sometimes we have an opinion that we've stated before but is relevant to the discussion at hand. The fact that you are using this kind of argument does not improve your credibility in my eyes. It seems biased and unfair.
Frankly, it looks to me like you are going out of you way to shut him up because you disagree with him. I can't find a rational basis for this disagreement, and I can't find a justification for your behaviour even if you did have a rational basis for disagreement. This is not only wrong, it's antithetical to the principles upon which Bitcoin is supposedly founded: freedom from entrenched authority. You are, in short, exhibiting all the behaviours that made me create my original post and I think you should be ashamed of yourself.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:57:45
Wow, such karma. I'll miss this when doge goes the way of all your base.
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:42:07
I thought about this for a bit and I concede that it is a good point. However, demand is not simply based on the use of gold as a medium of exchange. Gold is *useful*. I'll edit my original post to reflect this.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:58:20


Are you then saying that Bitcoin is not a fiat currency?
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:12:57
Bitcoin has value, sure, but it's an illiquid value. The thing you gloss over is the "exchange rate" part of your story. Exchanging BTC for USD is not like going to a currency exchange or a bank, which set a daily exchange rate. You have to go to an *open market*, like Mt. Gox, and find people who have BTC that they want to buy or sell. If I have, say, 10 BTC and I want around 10,000 USD for it, I have to try to sell my BTC on the market where the USD-denominated value for BTC fluctuates quite radically indeed. Maybe this will die down in the future as you suggest, but the fact remains that *right now* the exchange rate problem just isn't solved. You cannot simply transact BTC for USD quickly and reliably, and this kills all the supposed benefits of the transaction network.
I do not think this problem is going away. The BTC value is directly proportional to the size of the market and inversely proportional to the number of BTC *in circulation*, as opposed to being stored in wallets somewhere. That's why the number of transactions can remain constant for a year and a half even though the size of the BTC market is growing. It's because most of the BTCs are in wallets and not in circulation, so the money supply in the BTC economy is frighteningly low.
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:54:23
The problem you raise is not being solved by Bitcoin, because Bitcoin is fundamentally a transaction protocol. The problem is that this hypothetical nation's currency is no longer a good store of value, but neither is Bitcoin (considered as a currency). BTC-currency is also highly volatile and therefore does not function well as a store of value. The solution for the hypothetical nation is to move their money out of currency altogether.
My issue is that the very same technologies used to transact Bitcoins can also be used to transact other currencies. You are presenting a valid argument for the transaction protocol itself but not for the utility of the associated currency, which is really my concern. The transaction protocol is fine (I'm withholding 'good' because I don't actually know what makes a good transaction protocol) but the currency is not. The currency is irrevocably fundamental to the protocol.
@_date: 2014-01-25 22:41:20
I believe something like Bitcoin should succeed. I think, however, that the Bitcoin protocol is fundamentally flawed. I therefore believe that the best way to get digital currencies to succeed is to figure out how to fix the Bitcoin protocol instead of wasting time trying to convince people to buy into a broken system. The Bitcoin community puts the cart before the horse.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:24:43
I don't understand the benefit of a currency that [can in fact lose half its value in a matter of hours]( and it's not because I'm unwilling to listen to your arguments. You could be giving me all sort of arguments that the Earth is flat and you could think they're good arguments, but I won't be convinced even if I'm open to the suggestion. The problem is, the *Earth is not flat*. Now maybe Bitcoin is good and I'm not seeing it, but I really haven't heard any arguments that I would describe as good. All the supposed benefits are, at best, marginal improvements on existing systems that are completely negated by being locked into one highly volatile currency. It's a return to something like a gold-standard, which I think is a discredited idea.
Your description of sending one million USD is not a solution to my problem. I didn't say "send BTC of equivalent value", I said "send USD". The problem that you are avoiding is that you need to obtain one million USD worth of BTC, which means you are going to drive the price of BTC really high when doing this, unless you do it slowly (probably over a month). The same is true for the recipient. Either they have to take a significant loss when they trade their new BTC for USD (which is what they asked for), or they have to sell their BTC slowly (over maybe a month). When you factor in conversion costs, you are paying either a huge time cost or a significant time cost and a huge monetary cost. **This transaction is not free, and is in fact very expensive!**
Now I will repeat one more point: Bitcoin is caught in a Catch-22. It won't be widely adopted until it works as intended, and it won't work as intended until it's widely adopted. You optimists just *assume* that widespread adoption is coming, but your arguments for that widespread adoption always assume that the widespread adoption is already here! If you look at daily transaction volumes, we are extremely far from a functional Bitcoin market and I for one see absolutely no reason to buy in.
Edit: I'll say one more thing. I agree that bank transfers can be slow and costly. My concern is that *this is rarely an issue*, and even when it turns out to be, *Bitcoin is also bad*. The use case for Bitcoin is limited to the point of being non-existent, though this would change if the Bitcoin network accepted transactions not denominated in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:08:57
No, nobody can convince me because they don't have good arguments. 
You assume that anyone who doesn't buy the arguments you accept must be an idiot, and yet you haven't considered that *no economists have publicly expressed a belief that Bitcoin is based on sound principles*.
Doesn't that worry you? It worries me. It also gives you an excellent way to put your money where your filthy mouth is. **Find an economist that believes in the economic fundamentals of Bitcoin.** That shouldn't be too hard, right?
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:15:12
I think I can only say that I disagree for reasons I've brought up several times.
Edit: OK, I have to say it. *Money is not simply a token.*
@_date: 2014-01-17 04:58:59
Do I appear irrational or dogmatic? I gave it a fair examination and I wasn't convinced. The fact that you are unwilling to even try says a lot more about your personal standards of proof than about mine. How exactly were you convinced?
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:01:28
I admire the explanations when he gives them. I admit that he's snarky. "Troll" is a word I reserve for a very particular kind of person though.
@_date: 2014-01-17 23:08:02
I honestly can't believe you find any of these arguments convincing. I'd say there's no point in continuing this conversation if your entire counterargument to accepted economics is spreading unfounded fear, uncertainty, and doubt.
@_date: 2014-04-15 13:27:31
Let's forget a moment about the face value of a Bitcoin and instead talk about volatility. If the price of Bitcoin is *typically* fluctuating by 5-10% every day, is that a good thing or a bad thing?
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:35:22
It's presumptuous to presume that techies' skepticism is brought about by a desire to validate a lack of what you call foresight. It's presumptuous to paint all "non-techies" with the same brush, since that would include the CEOs of many major businesses as well as a burger cook at McDonalds. It's incredibly presumptuous to believe that the only barrier to entry is having simple and secure apps, since this simply constitutes that hated middle man that Bitcoin claims to be removing.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:19:46
Wow. I happen to be in science, and I happen to deal with a lot of the developer/engineer types. I know many entrepreneurs. They all seem to agree that bad things happen when the engineers lead the charge. Remember Google Wave? It was also a solution in search of a problem.
I get that your shoemaker wants to reach an international market and that the Bitcoin is more stable than the Rial. I get that there is a banking blockade against Iran that forms part of an attempt to deter their government from nuclear armament. And I certainly get that I'm no expert.
What I do get is how to convince rational skeptics. If your vaunted transaction protocol necessarily entails adoption of a currency that you seem to admit is mimicing gold, *when every human society on the planet has decided that gold is a bad basis for currency*, you really need to give a strong economic reason why that's the case. [This is not a strong economic reason.]( Until then, it's a bad implementation of a good idea and I don't appreciate this idea that it's you leading me to anything. The best way to convince a skeptic is to be skeptical yourself and to understand that the other person might actually be raising valid points that deserve a real answer. If you sidestep economics when describing a new currency, you shouldn't be surprised that no one is convinced.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:02:36
So you'll only give money to the companies that are guaranteed to be more profitable than 2% growth per year? Do you see how that would have killed Google, Facebook, Twitter, and Reddit before they even started? Do you see why that would kill Amazon's business model immediately?
Edit: The only reason free banking can work is because *banks can print their own banknotes*. No one can print Bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-20 16:03:19
Solid points, sir. My presumption came from the fact that you advise putting 50% of your wealth in a highly speculative venture instead of, you know, savings. I've never read the personal finance book advocating *that*, but I'm happy to be corrected if you give me a reference.
In any event, I appreciate the chance to get an insight into the thought process of someone who will probably fuck up all their financial decisions over the next ten years. It apparently involves being afraid of being called a pussy.
For comparison, the rich ones never gave a shit what other people think.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:32:18
I am now very tired. I have addressed every point you have raised in other posts on this thread, and am becoming irritated by this attitude amongst several of you that you all hope I see the light and use Bitcoin soon.
I don't have to do anything. I use various other fiat currencies and have bank accounts, and they all do what I need them to do. I have a credit card, so purchasing stuff online is easy for me. As long as I do not carry a balance on the card, I pay no fees.
All I'm hearing is what everyone says at the zenith of a speculative bubble. THIS IS A NEW PARADIGM, YOU'D BE FOOLISH NOT TO BUY IN NOW BECAUSE THE VALUE WILL INCREASE FOR ALL TIME.
You people need to learn economics. Good night.
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:54:53
Have you written anything that could be regarded as comprehensive with regard to Mt. Gox security? Who are the "real pros" when it comes to Bitcoin currency exchange security? And could you provide some proof (maybe to the moderators) of your credentials?
@_date: 2014-01-14 06:22:12
Thanks, this is a nice reply. I've been on basically any internet forum you care to name, though I rarely went past lurking. I'm fairly immune to internet viciousness by this point. I've noticed that Reddit as a whole has a thinner skin than is usual on the internet, though. I'd say this is a good thing.
I came across sqig via the question I posted last week and I thought his responses were the most thought-provoking -- hence the callout. I had come here looking for something specific and he provided it, so maybe I would have had a different opinion under other circumstances.
In any case, however, I took a couple of hours today and skimmed through every single post made by sqig (that account has only existed for a month) and found some real gems of insight that I needed to read. It's hard to get decent economic analysis about Bitcoin, and he's so far the best I've found. I'd be very happy to read some more in-depth stuff about the economics of Bitcoin... I'm very frustrated by how much expository material focusses on the technical aspects, which are largely uninteresting to me. Form must follow function.
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:00:28
1) Yes. Facebook and Twitter solved the problem of the "social graph". Television solved the problem of bringing the movie theatre to your home. The question is, what problem is *Bitcoin* fixing? The answer is, nothing important.
2) That's a problem with several US banks, not the US dollar. Bitcoin is supposed to be a new currency, so it would be attempting to fix a problem with the world's most respected currency -- sheer stupidity.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:48:02
Some of us lurkers appreciate what you're doing.
@_date: 2014-01-27 15:49:25
Have you read about Milton Friedman's [k=percent rule]( The whole point behind Friedman's work is that the entire role of the Federal Reserve is to ensure a fixed money supply. To me, the government exists for very limited reasons like ensuring standards in roads, plumbing, police, military, and financial system. Milton Friedman is my biggest influence in this thinking.
Now with a system like Bitcoin, no one except selfish hidden players like the Winklevi can influence the money supply. There is no one out there to ensure a fixed money supply, which is very very bad. It's letting the prisoners run the prison. I certainly don't think the current system is very good in the sense that government is basically free to spend however it wants and inflate away their bad choices, but that's not a problem with inflation. That's a problem with unaccountability.
I consider the articles you provided misleading at best, since they paint the objections with the Keynesian brush and they are most emphatically not Keynesian objections since they are also objections Friedman would have raised. I'll get to them in a minute. I want to first paint a scenario for you. Let us suppose that the Winklevi have been asked to send a million US dollars to me in a few days' time. They ask if they can send an equivalent number of Bitcoins instead, and I agree at a time when the market price of a Bitcoin is 1000 USD. We have been negotiating for a while, so they are prepared for this. They have been buying Bitcoins for a little while in order to drive the prices higher -- after all, they are rich and can afford to take temporary losses. The deal is made, and they send the Bitcoins. Before sending the Bitcoins, however, they put many other Bitcoins on sale for 900 USD a piece, maybe across several wallets to hide their activities. They send the Bitcoins immediately after putting these Bitcoins for sale on the open market.
It takes ten minutes to verify the transaction, and within that ten minutes the market has reacted to the new Bitcoin price. Now I have 1000 Bitcoins, but the market price has dropped to 900 USD. If I sell right away, I take a 100 000 USD loss. If I wait, I might watch the Winklevi switch from sellers to buyers, and they buy up as many cheap Bitcoins as they can until the price goes to, say, 950 USD. The Winklevi can buy and sell pretty much indefinitely to hold the price at whatever they want. No one can stop them. They are market makers.
I suppose I could sit here and try to place numbers on this to make it clearer how the Winklevi would profit from this move, but I'm hoping I don't have to. I think you get the idea. A massive player can strongly influence the price of Bitcoin, and if you watch the price history on Bitstamp over the last few weeks you can see how price movements are driven by the movements of what traders call "whales".
Now let's take a look at those links you sent me. In the language of the Bayesian Witch, I am neither a pop-Keynesian nor an economic one. The reason I object to the "economist-Keynesian" objection to the price shock is that the "owner of the capital" wouldn't reduce the wage of the worker right away -- not if he wants to keep the worker in the long term. After all, human capital is quite valuable and this might be a good and experienced worker. He would be a fool to just throw it away. No, the owner of the capital *simply takes a loss*. That happens in the world, and the reason the owner of the capital deserves a profit in the first place is because he is the one who is taking the risk. The employee should not be the one who is in danger of having his wage drop (I think this would be his real wage, but we are starting to push a pretty weak example too far already). The solution is to ensure that the owner of the capital does not simply cease to wager his capital on future profits because it's too risky. This can be done by ensuring that his losses do not exceed the overall profits he makes from venturing his capital by, for example, maintaining a low inflation rate to encourage him to invest his capital instead of simply hoarding it. Maybe you can come up with other ideas, but I don't see how constant deflation is some kind of solution to this problem, let alone the panacea you seem to think it is. Remember, I am thinking in terms of a constant money supply and not in terms of babysitting worker wages directly. Loss of capital investment is a loss of money.
So much for that strawman argument. Let's take a look at William Anderson, who is quite a bit more intelligent when it comes to economics than the Bayesian Witch (which isn't saying much) but has this weird belief that booms are unsustainable. I think this depends on your definition of 'boom'. I think that *growth* is sustainable, and my evidence for that is the last several hundred years of human history. There are hiccups in that growth, sure, but the hiccups do not significantly affect the overall trend towards greater economic output over long periods of time.
But this may be a tangential point. The article is, as far as I can tell, not much more than the author quoting Murray Rothbard at us. Though I have never read his book, I do not see much here to recommend it. Rothbard seems unscientific. The article you linked encourages this view in me because there are absolutely no historical examples backing up the claims. Besides all that, [Wikipedia]( claims that he discounted scientific methods in favour of a priori reasoning. I consider that nothing short of ridiculous. If you've read [Quine]( you would doubt that even Mathematics is produced by a priori reasoning.
All I can say at this point is that, despite whatever problems the US system has, I think the monetary decisions of the United States in the last few years has avoided depression. I think they did it by the application of mainstream economics, which demonstrates the value of mainstream economics. That mainstream economics is not simply Keynesian, so I cannot subscribe to this false dichotomy between the Austrian school and the Keynesian one. It sounds as plausible to me as Creationism (which rejects the scientific method) versus Evolutionism.
My last word: [this]( is a book that is on my reading pile and should also be on yours.
Edit: [I find this essay rather useful.](
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:08:42
Except that when more people buy into Bitcoin, the price becomes *more* volatile. Your feedback loop is going the wrong way.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:32:05
You can perform an experimental test of inequality in a given economy by calculating something called the [Gini coefficient]( This is a number between 0 and 1, with 0 meaning that everyone has the same amount of money and 1 meaning that all the wealth is controlled by a very small group of people. Back in 2011, someone estimated the Gini coeffient of Bitcoin at around [0.88]( though this is almost certainly a rather low estimate. This is an absurdly high amount of inequality in the Bitcoin economy. For comparison, the United States (a highly unequal country) is [0.801]( and the largest value on Wikipedia is 0.847 (for Namibia).
So, no, I don't think there's any truth to the idea that Bitcoin creates equality. If anything, it's a great way for the rich to take money away from the poor. The rich people effectively get to be their own central bank with absolutely no obligation to act in the public good.
@_date: 2014-01-24 23:32:57
May I ask, honestly, what the purpose of this film is? I view film universally as an investment, which is to say that the creators put money and time into creating the film in the hopes that they will turn a profit at a later date.
For those, such as I, who have spent some time thinking about Bitcoin and remain critical of the economic arguments supporting it, there is a certain sense of skepticism that this kind of film provokes. The statement that "film is designed to spread knowledge and awareness of Bitcoin and the goodness it provides" is dischordant with the fact that the donation you are suggesting is denominated in US dollars. If Bitcoins are so good, why are the creators not financing their film using Bitcoins?
Those of us skeptics who have considered the economics of Bitcoin are already pretty sure we know why. There is a certain horrendous kind of speculator that will attempt to manipulate the market in order to turn a short-term profit. This kind of speculator is what is turning Bitcoin, an endeavour that really should be admirable and ultimately altruistic, into what is popularly known as a "pump-and-dump" scam. This film is rather suspicious because it appears premature. It may be a sinister attempt to drive demand for Bitcoins up in the hopes that the creators, who may or may not be invested in the price of Bitcoin, may turn a profit from the increased exposure of Bitcoin to a general audience.
I would like your assurances that my paranoia is unfounded.
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:17:22
I'm still awake, so I'm going to say one last thing. You need to decide, once and for all, whether Bitcoin is a transaction network or a currency. It can't be both, because a transaction network is necessarily limited if it treats one currency ~~preferentially~~ exclusively.
I think Bitcoin as a transaction network is a great idea, but the associated currency is **terrible**. That's why I'm anti-Bitcoin. Decentralized transactions are great, but stick to the transaction network and don't start dabbling in bad monetary theory. It's compromised the whole system so Bitcoin can only serve as a useful example to whatever network eventually takes over.
I do think about how I would create the transaction network of the future, and Bitcoin gives me great ideas. But Bitcoin is just not it.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:47:32
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:16:06
Telling me that the world will show me over the next few years is nothing but an admission that *you don't have a convincing argument* for the usefulness of Bitcoin. I am engaging with you reasonably and honestly, and I am willing to be convinced of your points. I for example am coming to suspect that I do not understand the concept of intrinsic value -- I am doubting that it really exists in the way I believed it did.
Now you bring up this idea that fraudulent chargebacks are impossible with Bitcoin, but I think the cure is worse than the disease. What if you want to perform a legitimate chargeback? The chargeback exists for a market-driven reason, but Bitcoin has totally thrown it to the sharks.
The points you raise actually work against you. You don't give me an example of the "useless barriers" in the banking system, and you certainly gloss over how such supposed barriers are overcome through the Bitcoin system. If I want to send you a million USD, for example, the mechanics of this transaction are **much more difficult and costly** if I were to use the Bitcoin system rather than the usual banking system. The reason is simply the difficult of purchasing Bitcoins. You cannot purchase Bitcoins instantaneously, and BTC/USD conversion rates are highly sensitive to such a transaction. When you sell the BTC for USD at the end of the transaction, you'll run into the same problem. You're going to find out that you *don't have a million dollars* but rather some other lower amount. Failing that, I would have to buy BTC slowly in order to not shock the market and you would have to sell in the same fashion. This is a significant transaction cost, in time and possibly in money. Your scientific instrument company is not properly accounting the costs of using BTC, since I very much doubt that their entire supply chain works in BTC-denominated prices. I am especially shocked that they have the gall to claim it's "predictable".
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:54:08
I'm assuming you're referring to [this conversation]( All I can say is that he's entirely right. "Zero-sum" does not refer to value, because value is *subjective*. "Zero-sum" is the statement that the total of some *objective* quantity is constant over ~~all moves in a game (the term comes from Game Theory)~~ all possible outcomes. Your "example" is actually a non-example. Economics is not a zero-sum game, but Bitcoin is: the only way to obtain them without taking them from another person is to mine them, but there are a finite amount of Bitcoins to mine so you can treat this as having taken them from a single artificial person who gifts you Bitcoins when you discover their seed value. It is in this sense that Bitcoins are zero-sum: your gain of Bitcoins is someone else's loss.
US dollars do not work like that: you can borrow them and thereby create them. This is a tricky concept, so I don't blame you for not understanding it. It took me five years to sort-of understand it (I first encountered the concept in that stupid Zeitgeist movie in 2009). Dollars get their value by circulating, but Bitcoins do not. This is entire point, and it is the foundation of all fractional reserve banking. All I can do at this point is agree that you do not understand fractional reserve banking, but almost no one does. Don't feel bad.
The point, by the way, is that **Bitcoins are not money**, which is the problem I keep finding on this subreddit. I can accept that Bitcoins are a (bad) currency, but *currency is not money*. People here keep confusing the two. It's a common mistake, but it's all the more unacceptable because of how common it is. If Bitcoin is supposed to be the "currency of the internet" or whatever, you absolutely must convince society that it ought to be adopted in a widespread fashion. Any time spent studying economics puts lie to that idea, and I really haven't seen anything here to convince me otherwise. All I've seen is a bunch of hurt feelings when someone like provides, *gratis*, lessons in basic macroeconomics. It's extremely disappointing.
@_date: 2014-01-17 04:57:22
Wow. You've totally convinced me to throw away all my rational objections and natural caution with money and embrace experimental technology. Congratulations.
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:12:28
Exactly how should I short-sell BTC? I do not know of a reputable exchange on which I could do this. I would be far more comfortable if I could by Bitcoin-valued bonds, but I am not aware of a reputable service that sells these. The few that existed closed over the last year.
As for the price always going up or down, I'd actually bet on neither. The value of a Bitcoin is determined by the size of the market divided by the number of Bitcoins in circulation (as opposed to in existence). When you realize that people hoard Bitcoins only to sell/trade them when the price drops suddenly, you realize that the price is always going to go through wild swings. This volatility exists not because the currency is young, but rather because this volatility is inherent to the protocol. I would probably bet on the volatility as a function of difficulty, though I don't have a concrete bet yet. I'd much rather see what the *market* thinks a Bitcoin bond is worth.
@_date: 2014-01-18 14:30:36
So your point is that other substances share properties with gold, therefore gold is not useful? And that the scarcity of gold is dependent only on our lack of alchemy?
I have this thing called the scientific revolution you should hear about.
@_date: 2014-01-26 05:31:29
Ah, I see. My mistake.
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:18:16
I don't come from a poor family. My grandfather went from rags to riches and I learned about wealth generation from his example. I'm also a fairly competent coder and know enough people in the Valley to get a job there if I want. My problem is, *I value my soul*. I know that selling my soul will get me lots of money, but I've seen what happens to those Valley kids. It's sickening to watch.
Did I mention that I'm doing a PhD in quantum physics? My colleagues have gone to MIT, IBM, Harvard, Microsoft Research, you name it. They all seem to think highly of me. I'll be OK. I don't need to throw my money at the next big speculative bubble in the hopes of getting rich quick, and I value things in life that aren't money.
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:13:37
My point is that this calculation factors in a comparison to various methods of saving and hoarding, Bitcoin screws up this calculation by making it more difficult to obtain capital, especially for companies who are attempting to innovate.
In any case, your value of 2% is ~~four~~ three orders of magnitude too small. ~~The price of a single Bitcoin on BitStamp was around 10 USD on 1 January 2013 and around 800 USD on 1 January 2014. That's a 40,000% increase.~~ [It actually increased by around 6000% on BitStamp over the course of 2013.]( What business can compete with *that*?
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:47:21
Good point. I haven't used reddit for very long and am not likely to continue posting much longer because of a pretty pervasive culture problem. I'm not really sure why it's there, though I guess that it's a consequence of popularity and not enough incentive to vote dispassionately.
@_date: 2014-01-22 16:41:41
You can simplify this algorithm by simply checking two conditions: has demand dropped to zero, and has supply dropped to zero? All of those possibilities you listed should be subsumed into calculations of the supply and demand of money.
When you do that, you start to see why Bitcoin is far more likely to fail than the US Dollar.
@_date: 2014-01-20 05:19:45
This is so sad to read. You don't do well, financially, by "budgeting your money as wisely as possible". You do well by *investing* your money as wisely as possible. That means learning about the basic principles of investment, including when and how to invest in *yourself*. I'm a millennial, by the way. I research this in my spare time because I take it seriously.
Your original rant is a steaming pile of feces. Don't educate yourself about Bitcoin, educate yourself about personal finance in general. Find examples in your own life of people who have done well financially and find out how they did it. Also find examples in your life of people who did badly financially and ask them (tactfully) their views on finance. Finding examples in your own life is better than reading about someone you will never meet, since you can *ask questions*.
What you posted is nothing less than the simplest way to borderline poverty, and I feel sorry not for you but for your future children. 50% of your earnings into a highly speculative venture? My god. I've watched people with your attitude ruin not just their own finances but the finances of their children too. I've also watched people who invested carefully and intelligently become fairly, though not obscenely, wealthy. Come back from the brink, if not for your sake then for any current or future family. Your actions affect more than just you.
@_date: 2014-01-27 07:14:29
I happen to be a monetarist and think Keynesianism is myopic thinking. But the debate between Keynesians and monetarists are, if I understand correctly, about government policy rather than the fundamentals of Economics. I don't know much about the Austrian school other than that it's considered "fringe". My points are, however, based on what limited understanding I possess on the fundamentals of economics.
Now that I've provided that caveat, I'll link to [Paul Krugman's]( answer to the question of why deflation is bad. I don't like Paul Krugman, since I consider him nothing less than an egotistical bully, but I think his answer is bias-free. In short, his argument is the usual economic argument that deflation fuels depression. I will stipulate that things are probably fine as long as the economy is growing. But I think, alongside pretty much every mainstream economist, that deflation causes depression to feed back on itself. [You can see what The Economist has to say about it.](
If you could really guarantee a fixed rate of deflation, I doubt there would be a problem. The issue is that no one can ever guarantee that, and fluctuations in deflation rate are far more dangerous than fluctuations in inflation rate. I don't believe in hypothesizing a perfect world, because it can lead us to do dangerous things.
Now my concern with Bitcoin is that there is absolutely no way to guarantee any kind of inflation or deflation rate. Because there is a strong incentive to hoard Bitcoin, the effective market supply of Bitcoin is extremely small so the price of Bitcoin fluctuates quite strongly with demand. Much as the price of USD is very much in the hands of the Federal Reserve, who can decide to inject new USD into the market on a whim, the price of Bitcoin is also in the hands of a select few players like the Winklevoss twins who own an astounding number of Bitcoins and can decide when and how to release them into the market. The difference is that the Federal Reserve is highly accountable, whereas the Winklevoss twins really aren't. Bitcoin is subject to absurd levels of abuse that simply aren't possible with a government fiat currency -- even the worst of them. The Winklevoss twins could crash the market tomorrow if they wanted. For that reason, I think the failure of Bitcoin is inevitable. There are too many powerful actors who are completely unaccountable.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:04:47
You don't actually *say* anything. If someone comes along and speaks what he calls French but is actually meaningless bullshit that sounds French, how exactly do you prove that his meaningless bullshit is not French? More importantly, why would you waste the time doing it?
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:41:30


How about some links? You are saying something that is at total variance with my impression of the man and his interaction with most people on this subreddit. I've never seen him lie or even avoid an honestly posed question. I've seen him deal with a fair number of outright fools, however, and he doesn't exhibit a lot of grace in those situations.
I'm a little more careful when I criticize someone, and it's a lesson that he perhaps should learn. I criticize the behaviour, not the person. For example, I do not assume you are undeserving of respect even though you were willing to use a mental disorder like autism as an insult. I have never, by the way, seen do something as heartless as that.
Now let's consider how you and are responding to me. You are accusing me of being a troll and a front for and you are completely avoiding the legitimate points I already raised about the shakiness of the economic fundamentals of Bitcoin. Having seen this behaviour in your interactions with himself, I can only assume that you are simply incapable of responding well to reasoned criticism. Have I really been anything other than respectful in this thread? In what way have I earned the kind of responses I am getting from the two of you?
@_date: 2014-01-17 01:38:38
The bells and whistles also do not automatically make Bitcoin perform *better* in anyway, and the onus is on proponents of Bitcoin to demonstrate that Bitcoin solves a real economic problem. No one has done this. In what sense are financial transaction costs truly exorbitant, and in what sense does Bitcoin actually solve this problem?
As for this side-issue of the value of gold, I have to confess that I am not an expert in condensed matter physics. All I can tell you is that there are alternatives to gold much as there are alternatives to rice. Are you claiming that rice has no intrinsic value?
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:51:06
You said yourself: the belief that the price of Bitcoin will continue to go up in future has prevented you from selling, or even lending, Bitcoins to the open market. You yourself have shown that your rational self interest causes you to keep your Bitcoins from the capital markets. That means the supply of money has intrinsically dropped because of how deflationary Bitcoin is right now.
You argue, correctly, that there is no guarantee that this will continue. However, your premise is that a small and consistent deflation rate can still lead to healthy capital markets. I don't actually agree, but I am willing to concede the point for the sake of argument.
What guarantee do we have that the deflation rate of Bitcoin is going to remain constant at all? Although we have a strong guarantee on the time rate of increase of the supply of Bitcoins (though this "supply" can get locked into unused wallets in practice, so the predictability of this rate is actually rather debatable), we have no guarantee whatsoever on the time rate of increase of the *demand* of Bitcoins. Demand is determined by many factors, not least the whims of speculators. The concern is then that all arguments you make for the availability of capital in a market with a constant rate of deflation will fall completely apart in the face of a variable rate of deflation. A business that needs reliable sources of capital is effectively being told to piss off.
Society did not function for thousands of years with what you describe as currencies with 0% inflation, since that never existed. Societies of the past depended on currencies that turned out to have variable inflation/deflation rates, and deflationary currencies brought down several empires by instigating fiscal crises. Important examples include the Roman Empire, the Byzantine Empire, the Ottoman Empire, the Russian Empire, and the Spanish Empire. Deflation instigated several fiscal crises in America during the 1800s and, famously, during the 1930s.
I recommend Niall Ferguson's book on the Ascent of Money to understand the role of deflation in the history of the world since about the 1600s. In there is an excellent defence of the necessity of a strong Bond market, since this gives speculators a chance to bet on the probability of sovereign debt default and thereby force governments to remain honest. In general, there is a great deal of empirical evidence that deflation is *bad*. It is not simply ivory tower theorizing, there are *hard facts* backing up the basics of modern economics -- including the fundamental problems with deflation.
As I said, I am willing to grant you (provisionally) the idea that predictable deflation is OK. What I am arguing is that Bitcoin deflation is fundamentally unpredictable, will remain fundamentally unpredictable, and that this is horrible for healthy capital markets.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:13:08
[Hey look! A red herring!](
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:30:54
OK, I accept that. Is this the driver of volatility in the value of Bitcoins, or is that volatility inherent in the protocol? I'm coming to appreciate that Bitcoin should be thought of as the tokens of a transaction network, but I'm struggling to understand the nature of the value ascribed to the tokens and the effects of volatility in that value.
I suppose a clear example would help me a lot... should I be considering something like Forex trading using the Bitcoin protocol rather than some established trading desk? If so, then can I read the volatility in Bitcoin prices (in USD, say) as some kind of measure of the volatility of currency markets? I have no economics training, I'm afraid, so I worry that I'm making some basic errors here.
You seem to understand all this fairly well, so if you have the time I would appreciate a clear explanation from you. I'm hoping I'm not too much of a moron to understand what you're saying.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:48:12
Well, I'd say the internet is giving me some pretty bad definitions. It keeps thinking I want fiat *money*, which I consider different from currency.
Back when private banks issued banknotes, no government was guaranteeing the value of that note. The credibility of the bank and its ability to repay debts is what provides the value of the banknote, and the value is *extrinsic* in the sense that the value of the note is not derived from the note itself, but rather from the economy in which the note operates. In this sense, the value of the banknote is obtained by fiat, which is just to say that the bank made the statement that the note is worth something and this statement was believed by the economy at large.
In that sense, Bitcoin is a fiat currency. A network of people assert that they shall accept these electronic tokens as payment for real goods and services, and the *entire* value of a Bitcoin is derived from the credibility of this statement in the society at large.
So, no, despite what it says on your precious wiki, Bitcoin is quite definitely a fiat currency. The fiat was just not a government fiat. And the value of the Bitcoin is most definitely not intrinsic. You're just plain wrong about that, and deserved every downvote you got for saying it.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:03:00
Like tulips?
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:13:33
You can't be serious. I don't know how America works, but in Canada there's a system called Interac and you can do exactly this. I can send money to your email address or phone number, and [there are no fees]( Every Canadian bank participates.
As for data sets showing Bitcoin growing 2% a day, I've been following for months and saw, for example, yesterday (16 January 2014), 5 December 2013, and 18 December 2013. I could pick through [Bitcoin Charts]( to find you quite a lot more.
If you do some research instead of focussing all your attention on browbeating one person on the internet, you'll learn some things. I do almost all my banking between friends by literally emailing them money for free. I've done this many times over the last five years, and I strongly suggest that you look into the services that your bank offers. Apparently you'll be surprised by how easy and cheap it all is.
Now if you really have learned some economics, I have something I can tell you that you will be forced to accept: pure lending is *impossible* with Bitcoin-denominated money.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:53:46
At the height of any speculative bubble, like the tulip crisis, everyone talks about a whole new paradigm. Your argument sounds *exactly* like the high point of every speculative bubble in the past. "First of a new asset class" indeed. This is nothing less than dangerous hubris.
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:56:46


@_date: 2014-01-17 02:45:24
1) I meant 'problem' in the [business analysis]( sense: an opportunity for making money that is not yet being exploited in the marketplace. In that sense they were well-known problems *before the fact* (otherwise, no one would have put the effort into creating these products).
2) I accept this correction, though I maintain that it is a fundamentally bad protocol because it accepts only BTC-denominated transactions.
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:06:03
And that makes you... what? Intelligent? Right about everything? The fact that you live in Silicon Valley does not give you the right to decide that everything you say should be taken as received gospel from a higher being.
I regularly deal with some of the smartest people on the planet and none of them are as arrogant as your basic bum-in-the-seat software developer in Silicon Valley that writes little Python modules for a completely outsized paycheck. It's fucking disgusting.
@_date: 2014-01-25 14:08:02
I can't find a polite way to say this, but as far as I can tell your linked article is *lying*. The article [links to some kind of white paper]( put out jointly by the Bank of England and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and provides the following quote:


The quote is, to put it bluntly, bullshit. Notice the inclusions in square brackets. Although the first is a legitimate inclusion, the second simply is not. This idea that a "protected depositor" (in the language of the paper) is treated as an "unsecured creditor" is *completely unsupported* in the text, at least as far as I can tell.
I am willing to take your point seriously, if you can actually prove it. As it stands, I can't see this as anything other than a malicious lie.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:07:26
I guess you've never played poker when you are short-stacked.
@_date: 2014-01-25 15:16:10
To quote from the [first article]( you linked,


This seems to indicate that a depositor is to be regarded as a *secured* creditor, which I thought was the entire point of the FDIC. Can you maybe help me understand the definition of a secured creditor?
(Edited to include link and emphasis.)
@_date: 2014-01-23 15:06:14
Then *why do Bitcoiners always harp on about how their "currency" is infinitely divisible*? You guys brought it up!
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:57:01
Yep, noticed it after posting. Fixed. Thanks for the criticism.
@_date: 2014-01-25 15:04:33
I'd rather he didn't... it would ruin what I consider a crucial experiment on the community. The only reason I come to this forum is to find out if there is any sane reason to consider Bitcoin (or any successor thereof) as the currency of the future, and the best that most people can come up with is perceived woes about banking.
I like the attack that is making here because it will really give me a sense of whether any Bitcoin boosters know anything at all about what they're talking about. The answer is easily found by reading and, crucially, *comprehending* the Wikipedia article on the subject. Let's see if is intelligent enough to comprehend unbiased information well enough to answer a direct question.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:46:17
I didn't use the word 'valid', I used the word 'rational'. If an investor wishes to be irrational, that's none of my business. My concern is that there appears to me to be no rational use of Bitcoin as a currency, and I'm sceptical of the rationality of using it as a transaction network.
Edit: When I describe spending money on mortgages as 'valid', I should have used the word 'rational'. My apologies. I think I was careful about this in my original post.