@_author: kesterwong
@_date: 2014-12-19 09:19:08
I personally think that the Korean way of doing things (pali-pali) makes it a more pleasant experience in using btc. From my own experience, I signed up for Korbit and had my account verified within 24hrs, all done by emailing them my verification documents. Direct communication with the Korbit team has been flawless, all mails were responded within 24hrs, I was able to deposit coins, trade, and have my user level raised to level3 right after verification. If you look at their btc exchange rates are much more aligned to the market value of btc than other exchanges (please let me know if you have seen better ones out there). At the time when btc was valued at 348,700 Won, the buy and sell rates from Korbit were 347,000 and 345,500 Won, respectively. In short, their buy/sell rates differ by only 1,500 Won (USD $1.36). I know there are certain exchanges that have a $10-15 gap for their buy and sell rates, as well as a 0.1% fee. 
Depositing Korean Won into my Korbit wallet took only minutes (no more than 30mins), all done via the local ATM machine. Unlike some exchanges (and almost all banks), my money is not held frozen (for the initial security clearance). 
One comment on Korbit is that when I wanted to buy a million Wons worth of btc (everyone's a millionaire in Korea), I was only able to get 9.6k Wons' worth of coins, I guess they probably didn't have enough user base to cover this specific order at that particular time. Nonetheless, I still have the remaining 0.4k Won in my wallet and all in all, Korbit has been awesome. I hope Coinone ups the ante by their 0% fee, and maybe other offers! 
@_date: 2014-12-19 10:48:57
Just a few things to add on to this feedback, one can obviously do remitting through a Korean bank if it is an occasional thing.
I personally would avoid doing walk-in remittance to anyone, not even to my own banking account overseas. Just to name a few occasions, I have transferred some money to eastern and western countries, the process is the same, you fill out many forms, provide many signatures, and they will calculate the exchange rate at that specific time, and show you the total (plus fees). 
To me, sending money through internet couldn't be more easier, sending btc requires just that few extra steps (yet it makes a difference); you are giving a statement that you support the btc community.
In short, I think Korea is a very efficient country IF you are a Korean. Having Coinbase is great, but having a Korean exchange that really takes care of your personal matters within hourse is even better.