@_author: ketchupcharger
@_date: 2017-07-02 09:09:33
To be honest, as an onlooker interested in bitcoin and bitcoin mining I must say that this post fits perfectly into what the user dan from san diego posted.
Dan complained about being ridiculed by a small amount of people in this subreddit, being hated for "being a scammer". 
I dont have any reasons to believe Dan, but neither do I have any to disbelief him. I guess I'm mostly waiting for some confirming evidence, but i keep it in the back of my mind that it might all be true. Or not.
I'm not saying I'm on Dan's side with this, but I would like to point out that this post appearing on the front page with many upvotes and at the time of writing this comment two gildings - one might think this perfectly validates Dan's concerns. It falls perfectly into what he described, it isnt any specific critique about the way he shares his information or how his operation has no way to work based on some calulactions; it is rather a long humorous post, comparing the solar system to a huge operation run by little rodents in their tiny wheels. Obviously most of the post is made to look very much like the original post made by Dan, especially the editing of paragraphs and some specific phrasing. 
Perhaps I am somewhat closer to Dan's position, not because he seems like a legitimate person, but because the way he is being made fun of looks... like someone just trying to ridicule him, make him a laughingstock, some old not-so-right in the mind guy, peddling a farm of hamsters for some sketchy income. 
I dont think there are enough reasons to believe Dan and all his claims, but seriously, I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. 
As someone mentioned in yesterdays thread, the guy does come off as an ass sometimes, and in my opinion gets triggered a little too easily, but honestly - that only adds to his story, I would imagine someone who is in his situation to become defensive in such a way when being called a liar and a scammer.
This will probably never see the light of someone else eyes, but just wanted to add my 5 cents. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 09:44:48
Hi Dan, its nice to see you reply. 
Just wanted to say that I still think it is almost equally likely that you  might be doing all that just for internet fame. 
Waiting in anticipation for those pictures to finally be able to have a solid opinion.
best of luck
