@_author: kevinmccallister
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:11:36
OK, makes sense. I'm just trying to point out that is one definition among many.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:12:44
On your second paragraph, I don't entirely follow. Are you suggesting that regulations inhibit a 'truly free' market and therefore we end up with undesirable monopolies? If so I disagree in a few ways. First being that a 'truly free' market is entirely subjective. What most people desire and understand as a free market is entirely underlain by an enabling regulatory infrastructure. Second is that monopolies can arise in almost any market, including a theoretical 'truly free' market. And that can be either desirable or undesirable, depending on your perspective. Third point is I think this discussion is missing the point about the regulations originally brought up -- consumer protection et al. Effectively enforced, those things can incentivize better business, provide consumer confidence, and also create and distribute more information about market actors. Those things all lubricate a market, they don't inhibit it. Whether that is 'free' enough for you is another debate. I'm a firm believer in effective and broad regulation, but I know lots of folks in this forum aren't.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:52:45
Yeah, I mean this actually kind of what I'm getting at. To you that is free. To someone else that situation is entirely dependent on (or even created by) rules, norms, and even government regulation.
Just to play devil's advocate, I could ask:
What defines adults? Is that defined internally or by some sort of external rule or regulation?
What defines consenting? Same questions apply.
What about externalities and overflows? What two consenting adults/organizations do is not necessarily contained within their agreement. The process and the implications can affect others -- who deals with that? Do we allow infinite consenting contracts to deal with that (a la basic Coase) or do we set-up an authority to oversee it and help deal with any issues (maybe a government agency)? What if 'outsiders' don't have the capacity, wealth, or power to make their interests known?
How do those consenting actors communicate, share information, get in touch, carry out their agreement? Does it require underlying infrastructure or regulation?
Why are they making an agreement in the first place? Are they exchanging property -- if so how are those property rights enforced?
Obviously not all of these things may be relevant. Not all of them might require regulation. But my point is that there are opportunities there for regulation at nearly every step, and in the world we live and operate in regulation often fills those gaps, answers those questions, and creates the necessary enabling infrastructure for such a simplified agreement to even take place in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:26:36
So then, what is a free market? Based on my interactions here, as far as I can tell it is the market you learn in Economics 101. Perfect information, competition, the works.
I agree, that is a free market. But it is also limiting, because it does not and cannot exist in the real world. Maybe we should stop talking about free markets, and just talk about markets with varying degrees of regulation, intervention, and power politics.
I say "free market as we know it"...because I'm trying to reflect exactly the reality you pointed out. That politicians, talking heads, and lay people all talk about the free market as if it exists in a particular form (often a pure form), but in reality (as you and others point out -- I'm in agreement here) *that doesn't really exist.* So when we talk about creating or functioning within a free market using Bitcoin, we need to consider that maybe it isn't so 'free' -- and maybe it *shouldn't* be so 'free'.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:01:41
Again, I said "free market as we know it."
Free market in terms of what we learn in Econ 101 exists nowhere. I am aware of that. The theoretical free market is being confused with what I'm talking about -- i.e., what many people think about when they think of what a "free market" is.
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:57:58
The free market as we know it exists due to a significant regulatory infrastructure. It is literally built by regulation. I don't understand how people don't get that.
This comment about  Buyer Beware is more akin to man's state of nature -- just a free for all market rather than a 'free market.'  Bitcoin needs the latter to flourish, and like you and OP point out, it isn't there yet.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:34:44
Surprisingly I've only been insulted and critiqued to oblivion, but not downvoted. I've never posted in this sub before so it is an interesting experience.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:38:32
Haha, exactly what I was talking about. So sensitive.
Edit: Also what are you talking about with enforcing definitions? Literally my whole string of posts has been about how different people interpret and think about "free" and other markets differently, and those different definitions matter. Particularly when it comes to new markets, and whether and how they should be regulated. And ostensibly 'free' markets, which are often supported or created by regulation. I have no definition to enforce! Unless you mean that I'm trying to force *that* thought on you -- in which case let me give my statist pig friends a call to finish the job.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:48:04
What is the airy definition? I was just calling it like it is -- what people often call free markets are supported or created by regulation. That's not a definition, it's an observation.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:46:21
I basically agree with your first statement. That's why I said "the free market as we know it." Elsewhere I put 'free' in quotes and probably should have here. My point is that what we imagine as a 'free market' is different to different people -- and what a lot of people imagine as a free market is inherently riding on the back of regulation (or even created by regulation).
On the second point I also basically agree. But at the same time you could easily make the counterargument -- it doesn't mean top-down government regulation, but it also doesn't mean no government regulation at all.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:57:32
I guess it depends on what you mean by free. In some cases specific regulations or the entire underlying regulatory framework are the only things allowing 'free' participation in the market in the first place. Or they might be the only things actually 'creating' the capital or property the market revolves around in the first place.
In other cases regulations can inhibit participation or place unnecessary strains on communication and transaction.
I don't think it's so cut and dry as 'a market with regulations is not free.'
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:29:56
Well there's that and the fact that I love regurgitating my platitudes.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:41:50
Haha jesus christ, relax. RE: your other reply, I'm hung up on definitions because I find them interesting, and because they matter. You clearly understand this -- you mentioned the power of Fox News like 3 times to me already. Point being, whatever "reality" is, not everyone perceives it the same way. And that make a difference. It makes a difference in how people interact, how we make policy, how we make transactions, and god forbid, how we make markets. And yes, we do make markets.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:22:57
We fundamentally disagree, that's what frustrating to you. Don't take it personally. You come across as a total asshole. I don't take it personally. Stop being so damn whiny.
Go spread the gospel of your fictional free market, see how far it gets you. Your "damn good definition" sucks, and in the context of the real world is useful for nothing more than basic theoretical modeling.
You don't need to listen or attempt to understand anything I wrote, but if one or two people do I'm happy.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:12:26
Ah yes. We disagree -- clearly I must be a troll.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:52:20
Hmm well natural monopolies were the first thing to come to mind. I was unaware that they are transient -- I'd be curious about that. I see how they can be transient if the government steps in and breaks them apart, but otherwise in some cases they seem like they could be persistent.
It's hard to think of monopolies that have arisen without government supports, because there are so few markets that exist without government support (and probably no developed or large-scale markets that exist like that). Although I do think it's curious that just at the top of this thread there are upvoted comments claiming that Bitcoin itself is becoming oligopolized, somehow.
All interesting to ponder.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:23:19
Well...thanks for the reply, I suppose?
I'm not necessarily trying to make some sort of sweeping ideological argument here. I'm also not necessarily for or against Bitcoin, your right to use it, and your right or desire to help develop whatever Bitcoin market you want.
My basic point is just that the markets that most of us here function within, and that provides the context for a lot of this discussion, are underlain by regulation *even when* many people consider them 'free' or 'open' markets, or whatever you want to call it. I'm not sure if considering my questions a game is helpful, primarily because all of those questions have real-world implications -- i.e., the real world where real markets (including ostensibly free markets) exist.
I don't necessarily think any of your answers are wrong, but that doesn't mean they are satisfying or 'right'. Feel free to respond by tearing down my beliefs and all of the horrible fallacies I've included in this response. Or not. It's a free market of ideas.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:17:36
No, I understand. A theoretical free market you learn about in Econ 101 is without regulation. A real-world free market, the free market most people understand and many desire, is built upon a foundation of enabling market-oriented regulation. These things create, legitimize, and enforce property and attached rights. They streamline information sharing and attempt to lubricate markets. They quite literally create capital (or the means to create it) where it didn't exist before. Among other things.
The idea that markets and regulation are exclusive (or antithesis) is way overly simplified and frankly inaccurate.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:31:02
Ah yeah, I re-read my post and realized I wasn't totally clear. I wasn't trying to say that rent-seeking, capture, and undesirable government-enabled monopolies don't happen, just that monopolies can also happen in other circumstances (including ostensibly free markets). The way I worded the reply, with my disagreement directly following that question, was bad writing.