@_author: keyjockey
@_date: 2016-05-19 15:02:31
Very cool... I like it (and it's a little alarming to actually SEE how congested things can be, visual gauges much clearer than just talking about numbers).
Maybe you want to add a link on the page back to this reddit thread where people can discuss things, or even add a little forum of your own to the site?
@_date: 2016-05-21 13:52:37
...also your website needs a "favicon" -- the current blank rectangle doesn't do it justice LOL
I'm keeping your page open in a pinned tab to keep a watch on the bitcoin network status, and a favicon of something like a gauge on the tab would be cool... better than this current blank box. 
If I get some time this weekend I'll try and make something for you...
{edit} something like this: 
@_date: 2016-05-22 18:21:46
OK cool but, heh, actually I didn't do anything... that's just from a quick google search LOL .  
Seems to me the icon is a little blocky yet?  I'll try and clean it up a bit ASAP if I can... dink with it in photoshop maybe a little anti-alias or edge smoothing...
@_date: 2016-05-07 20:26:56
Heh, ya got it right re: 'hodl' but generally we call it "The Halvening" around here ;) 
@_date: 2016-07-18 20:42:18
Hmm, it may be... but unfortunately I can't use it since I'm on older version of iOS that it does not support.  Copay works on iPhones all the way back to iOS 6.0 - I use it every day on an absolutely ancient iPhone 4S :-P 
Also NOT being multi-platform *IS* a big drawback for any wallet that wants to be multi-sig.  
One BIG benefit of using a 2-of-3 wallet setup even for just your own personal use is having to sign transactions on *two* separate devices (i.e. phone and laptop, phone and wife's phone, laptop and desktop, etc).
This is essentially a more advanced version of 2FA, which requires two separate computing devices to be hacked or compromised simultaneously, in order for any attacker to have any chance at stealing funds.
IMHO this approach is much more secure even than using *only* the very secure iPhone platform all by itself...
P.S. {Edit} Whoops!  I just checked and apparently the current version of Copay does require iOS 7 actually. I forgot I'm using an older version on my old phone.  Sorry about that.  But other point about multi-sig still stands... :)
@_date: 2016-07-18 18:39:18
STRONGLY RECOMMEND that anyone still using the blockchain-dot-info wallet... RUN, Do Not WALK over to  and get yourself started using the very cool, open source, multi platform and very actively developed, Copay Wallet (brought to you from the nice folks over at BitPay).
Get started with it, and just play around at first with only a couple bucks worth of bitcoin, until you feel comfortable and understand everything: and ONLY then move all your bitcoin over (preferably to a very secure and cool multi-sig setup... which Copay excels at.)
Trust me, once you do this you'll *never* go back to BC.INFO's wallet... like night and day, believe me :)