@_author: keynesneversaidthat
@_date: 2018-09-21 22:11:53
Brazil's central bank operate very differently than the American one and is very vital to the whole banking system, economic stability and regulations. Not without its due critiques, but I think the Brazilian Central Bank can be a powerful ally to crypto currency. It's pretty impossible to imagine Brazil functioning without it, it's what bring some sense and stability in this mess. I'm an economist and I can be very critical of our central banking, but it is vital to the whole population. Their regulatory body is what prevented a huge collapse like 2008 here. Maybe in the far future, but for now, their are allies. They can regulate the banking system to not freeze exchanges accounts, and we expect that to happen sometime next year.
@_date: 2018-09-22 00:39:11
It has a fractional reserve but it's not used as a means to control supply very often. It's mostly fixed.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:59:54
Uh... It still not censorship... It's discrimination
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:06:11
This is a huge misunderstanding what storage of value is. Over 100 years it doesn't matter at all. Nothing can be expected to hold value this long. And shortage of value is NOT something that doesn't lose value. It's something that doesn't lose that much. And yes economic growth offsets the loss because it increases the purchasing power. And inflation will always exist, it's good for the economy if it's not too much. Also, there is an infinity of financial products with guaranteed returns that at the very least recover the value lost to inflation. You guys desperately need some econ 101.
@_date: 2018-08-07 17:18:41
Literally nowhere in the quotes from Goldman Sachs it says Bitcoin never coming back. Just fud
@_date: 2018-08-10 20:21:59
This sub in a nutshell
@_date: 2018-08-22 12:41:02
Nice post, but as an economist I'm just gonna correct a bit some things to make the message clearer (pardon my English too).
First, these three aren't the values of a currency, but the properties something must have to be called a currency in the first place. More precisely, an ADOPTED currency. 
Secondly, being able to have these three thing and actually having them is what makes the difference. Bitcoin can very clearly be used as a means of exchange, but it isn't used as such. Very few things can be traded with Bitcoin. The use as currency is very very limited still. That's the most important battle, make Bitcoin actually be used to buy things. Once it is, it will have its value more stabilized as a product of that, and will be able to act as a store of value, which is a property Bitcoin absolutely does not have. Bitcoin as a unit of accounting seems the easiest step, if you got to a web shop and the product price is in bitcoin, then it has the property. Not quite. If looking at a price in Bitcoin doesn't give you an imediate information such as how much of my salary is that? Is it expensive? Do I need to convert to another currency to check how much it actually costs in terms of my labor? Because of that, it's probably going to be the last property Bitcoin will aquire, but also it comes naturally and automatically along the way.
When you look at failing currencies, like the Bolivar, you see that it losing its stability makes it lose its capability to store value and people start to question it's use, and replace it. A currency is only as useful as the collective agrees it is. Doesn't need to be tied to anything real. Bitcoin will struggle with that unless it gains utility. Unless the transactions made with Bitcoin aren't financial but productive. In other words, stability will come as utility increases, and not the other way around. It may seem confusing, but the property of being a means of exchange is what starts the process of creating a stable and adopted currency. Stability and store of value comes next. So we can expect Bitcoin to be used more before it becomes stable (with long term constant growth). Using it as store of value can be very complicated when the currency doesn't have the utility that attributes value to it. How much is Bitcoin worth right now in terms of utility? Is it really worth it having 1 BTC for 6.5k in terms of what you can do with it? No one knows and it's basically impossible to assess it right now, hence the crazy volatility that makes the market vulnerable to speculation. Once Bitcoin is USED more, the utility becomes clearer, and so does its value and price. And then we have an adopted currency.
Fuck I wrote a lot sorry 
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:18:35
Well, think gold and gold contracts. But I do agree with you. Bitcoin has the technology to be the greatest storage of value. But it will only be able to do so if it's price is stable. It doesn't mean fixed, but low volatility. And how can it maintain a certain stability? By having a use. Let's suppose a company sells a car for 20k. And also sells that car for 1BTC. It's the only car company in the world. How much BTC would go for? 20k. Let's suppose the company stopped selling in fiat. People would still buy btc for 20k because they can buy that car with 1 btc and they think the car is worth 20k fiat. So as long as the car is produced and sold at that price, btc will be stable. And will store value. Of course this is EXTREMELY simplistic, but imagine thousands of products being sold in btc. The price would stabilize at a point of equilibrium at which the market will buy and sell. So btc needs to be used to be worth something, and store value. Just like fiat. Gold, for instance, is shiny and rare. That's enough for people to pay money for it and so it is worth something. Btc right now is kinda like that, people want to have it because it might appreciate. But that makes it so volatile. Once the company sells that car for 1btc, it's much more unlikely that the price would fall to 5k or go to 40k for instance. Do you get it? I'm not very concise. 
Adding: btc is scarce, but there can be an infinity of cryptocurrencies. Even carbon copies of btc. So why btc? That's when the utility needs to show. So that the scarcity is worth something.
@_date: 2018-09-21 22:03:14
You know, different words have different meanings... I think most people care about that
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:53:21
I'm not disagreeing with you, but I think you should seek help 
@_date: 2018-08-22 15:54:43
Jesus Christ. You didn't understand a bit of what what I wrote and also desperately need some econ 101. You have a very very skewed view of economics... I really don't think you know what the field of study really is... I can't respond to all that nonsense. Even though we are on the same side. Educate yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:08:11
A timeline which money is supposed to be a good storage of value is a timeline in which the agents use it for. If you make some cash and save it under you bed and one year layer buy something with ot and you are happy with the purchasing power it retained, then you can say that currency was a good storage for a year. But we can say for sure that 100 years is absurd, simply because 1) people don't live that long 2) society changes so much you can't really compare the needs of many generations apart. They have different consumer behavior, needs, there is new technology and products.
Inflation will always exist in the long term because economies grow. The population grows, the income grows, the demand grows. The supply takes more time to grow, thus the price raises before supply catches up. And inflation is an incentive for companies to keep expanding output, due to the fact that prices keep rising, so they seek more income, and generate more income in the process, increasing the demand, which will in turn increase the prices - inflation. It's natural and it's part of the virtuous circle of economies. Deflation causes the opposite and sinks the economy into recession, which is much worse. Of course, many other things can cause higher inflation, specially short term. Too high inflation eats the purchasing power beyond what the growth can replenish. It's a constant battle to control it. Also btw, theories are proven. Hypothesis are what we wonder about. Economic theories are the most solid parts of economics. But again, economics itself is far from exact science, so do indeed take it with a grain of salt. Also many contradictory economic theories can all be right at the same time. Matter of perspective/time-frame. It's not easy at all. 
When it come to financial products, most people that have savings will eventually learn about it. People who don't know about probably live paycheck to paycheck or their saving last no longer than a few years. They also rely on 401k and similar which is basically compulsory savings so your money doesn't lose its value by the time you retire. But it is indeed a problem. Many people resort to putting their savings in real estate too, which is a great option.
Regarding people outside USD/ERU, yes the battle is rough. I'm from Brazil so I can tell you first hand how it is. Brazi is probably the most challenging country to study economics. There is a saying that goes "Brazil isn't for amateurs" and it's damn true. We've had hyper inflation, huge recessions, huge growth spurts etc. Also insane inequality. However, real purchasing power has grown in the long term, alongside with quality of life. And we struggle hard to maintain it. Right now the current government is not being able to deal with huge unemployment, the wages have retracted, poverty is growing and GPD is sinking. Meanwhile inflation isn't that high to our standards. Seven years ago inflation was much higher, but the economy was frantically growing and poverty on free fall. So it's not black on white at all. Economics is really really tricky, even for economists. We can go on for days taking here. 
Also don't just eat all I'm writing, I'm merely trying to give some perspective, all that I said is very conditional and more complex.
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:04:43
LOL you guys can't honestly believe what you write...
@_date: 2018-08-15 07:36:06
whoever coomented here before, you are shadowbanned
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:43:45
Do you even know what a government is. Your page is about central planning
@_date: 2018-08-22 13:52:02
Yes, it isn't. But adopted currency is used to refer to a currency that is known, used and possessed by almost all the agents in a given economy. Bitcoin being a global currency kinda warps that notion, but in comparison to fiat, it's really far from being a currency by any measure. A few people using it for trade doesn't not make it a currency in the ECONOMIC sense. In semantics, sure, it's a currency.
@_date: 2018-08-22 13:49:55
Store of value isn't something intrinsic to anything, it's product of an observation. It has nothing to do with its technology or anything. Rock can be a store of value. Most fiat is incredibly stable and has been for a long time. The dollar for instance. Inflation will always happen, it's natural and it's desired for an economy. As long as it isn't too much, the currency stores value. It doesn't lose its value too much with time. That's all there is to it. Yes the US can devalue the dollar for instance, but it hasn't done it in any alarming way and is still one of the best stores of value out there. What makes me able to affirm so? That fact people DO use it as a SoV. And that makes it so. Bitcoin has some other things that might compell people to use it as SoV, like you mentioned. Things that fiat doesn't offer. Like the fact that it can be confiscated. But nothing will matter unless the price is stable enough. 
Inflation is natural and good for the economy, unless it's too much. How much is too much? There is no number, it depends on the economic growth. A country with 10% inflation with a 20% GDP growth/yr has absolutely not problem with inflation. An economy with no growth but 2% inflation over a decade has a problem.
It gets complicated when you read "store of value" and interpret it, but in Economics it has clear definitions. BTC is not sought after as a store of value by the rational agent, it has an absolutely terrible record as far as value storage goes. You need stability for that. That does not mean stagnation of fixed prices. It means no sudden and frequent moves. Even if a currency loses value over time constantly, if the rate isn't too fast and it's relatively constant, it's a good store of value. The agents have enough time to react and raise their own income along the way. No currency will guarantee perfect store of value. It's about how good it stores compared to other assets. Fiat in stable economies is the prime store of value, alongside with gold for instance (gold is different, not a currency, but we can compare).
As far as why the stability will come after the utility of the asset increases, I can write a long explanation for that if you wish. It's based on the track history of currencies and how that process has repeated itself with practically every currency, and how trading many things with the same currency tends to lock it's price at the equilibrium (specially Bitcoin with it's limited supply).
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:33:14
Also in what world does Microsoft NOT support Google?
@_date: 2018-07-11 00:17:00
Brazilian here. He is nothing but a dick. Doesn't know how shit works in the government and took to public shame and offend two government workers, calling them robbers and the wost kind of people. Can't feel sorry for him. He behaves like a manchild.
@_date: 2018-07-05 12:36:27
Please take some economics crash course. Then we might take your opinions seriously.
@_date: 2018-07-05 11:27:41
I'm really curious to your explanation as to how a few guys in a suit back your fiat.
@_date: 2018-07-25 06:06:29
Can anyone explain this noob here what's exactly is the lightning network and why would people want to take it down?
@_date: 2018-07-05 12:37:31
Oh someone noticed :) 
@_date: 2018-07-06 17:32:00
If you ignored Economic growth, sure your purchasing power will decline until you have nothing. Unfortunately that's not how economies work.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:25:57
Not every country is like the US who prints money to pay its debt.
@_date: 2018-07-06 18:03:36
Indeed :)
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:32:39
Can you guys PLEASE try to understand what Bill said? It's making this sub look more foolish then it already does.
@_date: 2018-07-24 05:42:48
Literally anywhere that sells Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-07-11 00:17:51
He absolutely doesn't... 
@_date: 2018-07-05 11:26:34
No one in this sub does. It's really sad.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:27:02
You start with a wrong assumption and then catapult to slavery. Reevaluate your life.