@_author: keytard
@_date: 2014-04-26 08:46:02
THe CNT-FAI gained their power throw the use of force. They defeated military units in Catalonia and were able to control a fair amount of territory. 
It was a group who governed a territory by owning a monopoly on the use of violence within that territory. As soon as they lost that monopoly on violence in 1939 "Revolutionary Catalonia" ceased to exist.
It's weird that you picked this example to support anarchy as a system of governance because it exactly validates OP's argument. The people in Catalonia might have preferred the CNT-FAI style of government but that didn't matter because Franco was a better general. 
The CNT-FAI fought brutal battles with the local military in order to gain control over as much territory as they could, and eventually they lost all of the territory to Franco and his superior forces. 
That is the lesson of anarchism in action. It's the lesson from the Spanish civil war, modern Syria, modern South Africa, Afghanistan and every other society where the monopoly on violence currently held is tenuous.
@_date: 2014-04-26 08:34:38
Right now, armed men could not take over the apartment building I live in. Not because I have guns or anyone else does but because where I am the state has an effective monopoly on violence. If people tried to take over my apartment building the police would come and clear them out.
But, you dodged my question. How would an actual anarchist society deal with guys with guns who wanted to take over the neighbourhood? In actual anarchist societies, like most of present day Syria, I think we get a pretty clear answer to this question. The answer is that the men take over and create a governmental monopoly on violence.
That's what a warlord is. He runs a government whose only power/function is a near monopoly on violence.
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:29:58
How would an actual anarchist society deal with 5 guys who had guns and the wanted to take over the neighbourhood? 
I think we see the answer to that question in Afghanistan, Mexico, Syria a d other places today. But I am very curious about your answer. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:38:31
The Spanish civil war is your example of anarchy working well? Something like 12 groups fought each other for 3 years and in the end about 500 000 people died. The country was completely devastated. 
Doesn't that example prove OP's point that anarchy leaves a power vacuum open to the first armed group that decides to take over? 