@_author: kfmush
@_date: 2018-08-02 11:13:08
$10K sounds pretty good. I’ve been using bitcoin to buy drugs since it was $15 a BTC. I really wish I had not done so many drugs and just hoarded them. I could do so many drugs now if I held onto them and sold them at $10K a pop. 
@_date: 2017-01-03 16:27:01
Yeah. I've sulked back to Coinbase. When I signed up initially, their customer service was great, but their team was like a whole 5 people. Now they're outsourcing their customer service to deal with demand and I think I just had some bad employees. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 03:37:10
Don't know about others, but their customer service is awful.
Also, they seem to just fuck around with your buy limits. I had buy limits of $15000 a day (debit &amp; direct transfer) at one point. I called to complain about a 7 day direct bank transfer taking 12 days and mentioned that my limits were extremely high. So they cut them down to $50. I cursed them out and moved over to circle, but it looks like they have "partnered" (read "been bought out") by coin base and no longer sell Bitcoin. 
Also coinbase removed instant buy for bank transfers without notice or warning. Which was frustrating to wait 7 days the first time I noticed after getting so used to instant buy.
Edit: I absolutely do not trust Coinbase or anything they tell me. I'd personally assume that they happily are giving over all their customers personal information and just lying to their customers when they say they're fighting it.
@_date: 2018-04-14 14:14:23
The major pharmaceutical corporations have a ton of power in the U.S. They’re one of the strongest lobbying groups and have thousands of sales representatives to push their products on doctors (even doctors can be gullible or corrupt). I have a relative who used to work for Pfizer as a sales rep. His primary tactic was to give out free Viagra and opiates, to basically “bribe” doctors into liking him so he could push new painkillers on them to recommend to their patients. 
Not to mention the mounds of money they have to saturate all advertising channels. 
@_date: 2018-12-25 11:18:51
Here’s a thought: Bitcoin, as a currency was wildly unstable, leading wealthy individuals to game the market and inflate prices. Now that the hype is over, Bitcoin, as a currency, is stabilizing and dropping back down to a reasonable exchange rate that better reflects its use and rarity. 
I personally wouldn’t invest in bitcoin expecting to make huge gains anymore. That hype train has left the station.
Take this opportunity to enjoy Bitcoin how it was meant to be enjoyed: ~~Buying drugs on the internet~~ Subverting the corrupt banking system with a non-centralized currency.
@_date: 2013-08-19 15:21:03
This is a terrible video. The information is so lacking and misleading. "Why do most people use bitcoin, then? Because they think the dollar is failing?" "That could be one reason."  What about anonymity?  What about avoiding taxes? What about avoiding regulation all-together?  No one who actually uses Bitcoin wants Bitcoin to be more regulated.  The banks and governments want it to be regulated because it's potentially bad for their business.  The thought of regulation actually being possible, literally makes me tremble.  Maybe it's just cold in the office.