@_author: kgmiller314
@_date: 2014-03-21 00:27:31
Funny this has just come up -- I had a very similar idea a couple of weeks ago after buying some art from a friend...got me thinking about certificates of authenticity. Since then I have been working out the technical specifics and writing some test code. The crypto and processes Bitcoin utilizes present some very interesting use-cases in the realm of certifying / authenticating "things". The signature properties unique to elliptic curve crypto certainly come in handy. That said, there are several issues and approach trade-offs that must be considered. Without going too deep into why you would want to do one thing as opposed to another, here's a basic process that would map well to what I'm working on possibly building an app for...
1. Create an "Artist" bitcoin wallet address for yourself. This wallet address represents you. Get it tattooed.
2. Create new "paper" bitcoin wallet addresses for each piece of art...if you have the skills you might want to generate the public/private key QR codes for the wallet and then layout a basic certificate of authenticity for each piece including the public / private QR codes.  should come in handy.
3. Write (and sign / initial) the corresponding public wallet address on each piece of art.
4. Either before or after a sale you will want to send a small amount of bitcoin from your self-identifying artist address to the address for each piece of art. By doing so you are essentially digitally signing the piece. Transferring the bitcoin into the wallet after the sale gives you an opportunity to add a message naming the first purchaser of the work, etc.
5. After providing the purchaser with the certificate of authenticity, instruct them to import the wallet address on the certificate and transfer the tiny balance to a new wallet address. This transfer of bitcoins represents the transfer of ownership from the artist to the first owner of the artwork. Whenever the art is re-sold the seller will need to provide the buyer with the original COA as well as a paper wallet for at least the last wallet in the ownership chain, though all of the previous ownership wallets wouldn't hurt. This process establishes a clear chain of ownership and works to prevent copies of the COA from being passed off as legit along with a forgery of the art work. In a perfect world nobody would have access to the key pairs of the original COA wallet address except the current and previous owners, but you never know. All of the wallet addresses in the ownership chain should contain only one inbound transaction and one outbound transaction -- except the very most recent wallet address, which should only have the in-bound transfer to the most current owner of the work from the previous owner's address.