@_author: khaim
@_date: 2014-04-25 01:46:45


I think you just answered your own question. You destroy all the other protection agencies in your local neighborhood, as well as any start-ups that try to enter the market. Once you do that, you've got a monopoly.
Remember, the business of violence isn't like the normal free-market economic ideal of "business". You have more options than just "compete on price" - you can *kill people*. Or, to put it in more abstract terms, you can cause other parties to involuntarily and permanently lose capital.
@_date: 2014-04-25 01:59:23
Leaving aside the idealism of having neutral arbitration (unless they're incorporeal, they need protection too), what you're describing only works as long as there are multiple "protection agencies" to choose from. If one of them manages to establish a monopoly, then you're back to a de facto government.
And why wouldn't they try to do this? Everyone wants to be monopoly! It's the obvious route to maximizing profit. So in order to spin your scenario of "legal obligation" and non-binding judgements enforced by reputation, you first need to explain why the system won't collapse down to a monopoly.
And please don't say "it's not cost-effective" - monopolies are always cost-effective, no matter how much you spend to set it up. Conflict may be a negative-sum game, but the winner still *wins*.
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:44:24


Okay. So when we're talking about a "protection agency" establishing a monopoly, why do you think that we're talking about the *other* kind?
@_date: 2014-03-14 02:55:57




I'm not sure you understand what fiat currency is. The only other type of currency is "I have all the shiny yellow rocks", or variants with other types of rocks. I get the feeling you *don't* like currency systems based on who grabbed the shiny rocks first - but you also think fiat currency is evil, so basically I'm confused.
@_date: 2014-04-25 01:37:55


Honestly, "sociopathy and the like" is a large part of why we have governments. Remember the first guy on the street, demanding your money? He wasn't exactly a well-adjusted member of society.
Sociopaths exist, and they *will* do whatever is best for themselves, regardless of how it affects others. No external pressures necessary.
@_date: 2014-04-25 02:09:42
We're *entirely* rational. We just have very badly designed utility functions.
(I'm only half sarcastic: if you treat everyone as having the goals defined by their emotions, things start to look pretty rational. Then again, for any sequence of decisions made by an agent, I can construct a utility function that proves that the agent was completely rational, so maybe that isn't saying much.)
@_date: 2014-04-25 01:31:04


Are you serious? Because this gross caricature of "liberal ideology" reeks of trolling, but I've learned not to assume when it comes to Poe's Law.
If by some chance you are serious: what you have just written is the equivalent of "terrorists hate our freedom". It's what side A says that side B thinks, because side A wants to give B the worst possible motivation. This is great way to raise morale for side A; it's a *terrible* way to actually hold a discussion.
Even if you think side A is correct, you should realize that painting horns on your opponent doesn't solve anything. You will never persuade anyone from B to change sides by misrepresenting their own views. If you want to defeat side B - whether through dialogue or conflict - you will have a much easier time if you understand how your opponent thinks, and what their motivations are. Believing your own propaganda is not how you do this.
@_date: 2014-04-25 02:34:29
**[Cloak of Anarchy]( by Larry Niven, is a excellent sci-fi short story version of this.
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:42:28


Right! And how do they do that? By being a monopoly on violence. So if I'm in the market for violence, and I manage to eliminate the competition, I can do the same thing.




Oh, I'm probably using terms incorrectly. What I meant is, monopolies always generate profit - that is, it doesn't matter how efficient they are, because they can set prices however they like. Which I think is what you're saying.