@_author: kid_thundah
@_date: 2014-10-28 13:51:55
I actually literally just thought about that exact idea when I woke up today and was coming to edit it in! Great idea, Microbits /minibits or something to that effect could be a crucial step to widespread acceptance, but I've not seen any mention of that elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 05:37:46
I'm very sorry to hear that. One of the first things they teach about investing is to keep a diversified portfolio in order to be cushioned against any one investment failing.  I'm very sorry that you were misled about bitcoin. I actually almost put a large portion of my money into it as well, but advice found on (and I'm probably going to be downvoted for this) must be taken with a grain of salt as there is a clear bias present. 
On a sub dedicated to bitcoin, people are way more likely to push bitcoin than on a sub dedicated to financial investing in general. Again, I'm incredibly sorry that you had to go through that. I don't know if I'd recommend selling at this point actually...buying and holding, or "weathering the storm" is usually the best advice for stocks. Bitcoin is still being implemented more and more, and it's possible that it could recover or continue to dilute. My personal belief, although I am by no means an expert (or even particularly knowledgeable) is that as bitcoin becomes more and more popular ( or even in order for it to become more popular), the price must be driven down to a point where it is actually a feasible amount to say aloud/interpret. Paying 0.00435 bitcoins is just far too confusing for an average consumer to think about compared to say 20 dollars, which is an easily interpreted number. Whatever the case, I wish you nothing but the best on your recovery from this. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 14:08:47
Great to know the community has thought of this. I hadn't heard of it,  but I think it's a major factor preventing adoption of the currency to some. I think it looks confusing and incomprehensible in its standard form to the average person when dealing with average prices. I look forward ro seeing the idea develop.