@_author: kidbid
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:32:32
You mean like the lightning network?
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:44:51
I'm almost positive these outages and issues are not technology related anymore. With as much money and time they've had, I can only assume that these issues are being used to their advantage somehow. I just can't believe this is purely due to ignorance and errors. They are setup in San Francisco FFS, and the talent there is more than necessary to make their service run with no hitch.
inb4 Coinbase faces lawsuits
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:04:23
What kind? Queso, salsa, guac...?
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:26:00
Well Binance is one of the larger exchanges and they've implemented measures that would stop this sort of attack after their last incident (even if the last incident wasn't exactly a double-spend one). I have to imagine any exchanges that care for their welfare have done the same by now. If they haven't, then that's how the free market is supposed to work, and their failure is imminent.
So I guess the real lesson here is to store your funds in a safe place (not in centralized exchanges) and if you happen to need to use these exchanges, then use ones that have a good track record with hacks and customer service. Stay away from the ones that will eventually be hit by an attack. Having said that, I don't think another Mt. Gox  would be possible in the way you described.
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:13:12
It's simple really. It has nothing to do with double spend and everything to do with red flags that their system raises. I can bet if you tried to sell 1000BCH back-to-back while the network is under attack/clogged in Binance your account will he halted from trading. Your withdrawal and deposits would be frozen at least temporarily.
The fact people think exchanges haven't thought about these scenarios is really baffling. Double spending has always been a "feature" of Bitcoin. There are multiple measures that good exchanges use to prevent this.
@_date: 2018-08-30 14:20:32
Thanks for taking the time to explain, I can see how this could be done under everyone's nose fairly quickly. I still think analytical tools would allow you to monitor this kind of activity. You could keep copies of the chain from transaction to transaction and throw a red flag when they don't start matching right? In essence, the exchanges could act as third party validators on their own.
Also, the original comment pointed to the exchanges becoming insolvent doing what you described. I still can't imagine that happening fast enough for all exchanges to collapse due to insolvency. The weakest and smallest exchanges might, but I can't see Binance, Coinbase, and Huobi falling victim to insolvency due to double-spending. There will be large red flags, even in a 15 minute time frame to halt trading and lessen the damage to negligible levels.
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:27:51
So I guess I'm retarded because I always assumed double spending would be obvious due to the reversal or removal of the transaction on the blockchain; which by using historical analytical tools you would be able to see right away. Spending 1000BCH instantly seems hard enough without destroying price let alone doing the same transaction from a different address. I must admit I don't know how it would be possible to do that "in a matter of seconds" as you described without the price taking a massive shit which would lead to another large red flag. I also don't know how you'd be able to spend another 1000BCH from a different address if it was a reversed transaction. I've always understood double spending to mean from the same, initial address. If you could explain it would honestly help.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:02:17
Funny, sad, and true all at the same time.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:57:36
If you're asking about Bitcoin specifically, the only reason you should believe in it because others believe in it. What I found most interesting about Peter Schiff's argument is that he dismisses fiat money entirely, yet it's worked for some time. So, what I mean is, fiat maintains value merely because people believe in it; that's what shared reality is. So if people believe in Bitcoin, and Bitcoin can prove that the technology works, then Bitcoin will continue to gain value and be usable as a form of currency.
The other short-sighted fact is that Bitcoin is way more than currency. It's a combination of different worlds into the digital age. Bitcoin as a technology (or often referred to as the Blockchain) brings different worlds together into one technology. Meaning, that Bitcoin's use as a currency is missing the point that Bitcoin can operate as stock, bonds, digital contracts, and SO much more. We haven't even had enough time to think of all its applications.
BTC was the first, and thus it maintains the highest value, because by nature, long-running "chains" are more secure (I will spare getting into the details on why it's more secure), so the market has the most trust in it as of currently. The only thing I think Schiff got right was that Bitcoin (one of many cryptocurrencies) could ultimately fail to a "better" Bitcoin; but that's the truth of any technology and it doesn't mean the value in cryptocurrency as a whole will vanish forever. The market will simply shift to a new cryptocurrency; which funny enough Schiff is a libertarian, so he should like this concept of the market being able to decide what they believe is a better choice.
In short, you can choose to invest in BTC if you feel comfortable enough about it. But as the majority of the community understands, you only put in as much money as you can afford to lose. Otherwise, if you're uncomfortable or have no money to spare, stay away. There's currently, "safer" options you can put your money into. My guess though, is that your return will be much lower than BTC, but such is life. High risk, high reward. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:01:57
Use Litecoin, problem solved ;)
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:35:53
Good. As long as you continue to see others have faith, so should you. If you see the entire market and tone flip on BTC, then you should likely start tracking the prices much closer to prevent complete loss.
On a side note, I would suggest to you and anyone else to **not broadcast** on the internet how much money you have invested, or how many coins you've invested. This could lead to being tracked and sought after by people looking to take your money. I know it seems extreme, but it's the safest way to go about protecting your money/investments and privacy.
@_date: 2018-06-01 12:50:45
I'm sorry for just adding to the noise, but if you want "linear returns" then crypto is not the place to put $100k. I love this stuff as much as the next guy, and have built my way up, but my returns were anything but linear. Even the long term charts don't show linear growth, but that's what you would expect in a volatile market.
Anyway, best of luck, I'm very skeptical about your EOS bet... Yes, you are speculating/betting with that choice. That's not an investment of any sort. In fact, none of crypto is an investment depending on your exact definition. If you want more stable growth, take some of the EOS and put it in Litecoin.
@_date: 2019-02-20 19:45:59
I gotchu.
Votes are coming from people that want to give posts visibility but not comment. Reddit calls them lurkers.
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:29:17
You may have missed my point. Polls don't mean anything is my point
@_date: 2017-11-08 13:36:59
We haven't even forked yet. I think going around and making people feel a false sense of security is detrimental. Until we pass the fork date, anything can happen. What I'm most concerned about is people that exclaim that it's dead, yet the event hasn't even happened.
@_date: 2019-02-20 20:27:23
You're not proving anything arguing on the internet. My comment was a sarcastic one. You're wasting your time waiting LOL 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:29:38
It's not dead if it didn't happen, don't know what you're talking about. The market is at an all time high, this would be exactly the best time to sell and wait. So a dump is still in sights.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:03:56
Your point was that people's opinions should matter. You're making a point about something I didn't comment on. So your point is irrelevant based on my point of not trusting polls and sticking to action instead.
@_date: 2017-11-08 14:40:22
You remember the US election polls before election night? Because Pepperidge Farm remembers
@_date: 2017-11-08 14:38:31
What people say and do are very different. In cases like these, actions rule. Words mean nothing.
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:18:46
Not that I want a different result from you, but from what I understand BCH is highly centralized, which would give it an adavantage during a bullrun as they can make their coin look more profitable to traders/investors. So theoretically, they can make BCH look stronger simply by pumping it beyond any increase BTC can make.
So if I had to guess, BCH will make a bigger run than BTC next time around, then be dumped and left to die. The slow dying off seems unlikely to me, though again, it's all a guess. In the end, BCH dying off is what the best result would be.
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:19:18
I agree with most of everything you laid out.
However, countries don't need to adopt BTC or crypto. People need to adopt it and the law should be written to protect people from scams. Perhaps you meant regulation by "countries adopting it," but it doesn't matter if countries don't adopt it, because crypto can be used regardless between peers.
The biggest point I'm trying to get across to people right now is to buy as much BTC and other crypto as possible. Since many Chinese are exiting due to FUD, the best we can do outside of China is to buy their coins off them. Thusly, creating better distribution and decentralization. As is, China has too much control of the price, but as people adopt crypto as a whole, you will see China have much less power in price. This will cause way more of a stable environment if any single country decides to "ban" Bitcoin. The tricky part about law is about enforcement, not necessarily just making a law.
@_date: 2018-02-16 14:49:09
What are you saying? Bitcoin is only safest, in technicality, because it is the longest running chain, not because it has better security than any other coin. In fact, they almost all use the same cryptographic encryption. To say blockchain is nothing without Bitcoin is absurd, because Bitcoin can only exist with a blockchain. The blockchain is the real innovative part to all this, and the part that is actually responsible for decentralization.
I'm sorry if this sounds condescending, but please go read up or watch videos on YouTube, because this large misunderstanding you have seems to be skewing your perspective on crypto in general. In just about every technical aspect, Bitcoin is worse than other alternatives; like transaction time and fee costs.
@_date: 2018-04-23 17:36:36
It's almost like they're making PayPal fail so that a crypto replacement can take its place. Either that or they're just squeezing what's left of their business model before meeting its foreseeable end.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:22:43
The problem, in my opinion, is viewing crypto as currency. While this may have been the inteded goal for Bitcoin - as Satoshi outlined in the white paper - this is certainly not the only use case for most crypto. It has evolved beyond ONE utility and instead encompasses many use cases accross multiple unassociated industries.
So in essence, crypto can be stock, money, and a decentralized database all at once. Seeing it as only having ONE use case is a very miopic way to look at things. However, if you believe that it only has ONE use case - to be used as money - then, it's perfectly valid to tell people to spend it. But even then, fiat money is only worth spending because it devalues over time. Crypto, if we assume limited supply, is bound to rise in prices due to contrained supply. This is a big reason people spend fiat money in stock; to protect against inflation. And the reason a lot of people have also adapted the same mentality torward crypto; again, to protect against inflation.
@_date: 2018-12-05 15:54:20
This is what happens when you start sniffing the crypto drugs.