@_author: kidinthecorner
@_date: 2013-12-16 09:00:22
Technology advances much faster with government, look at what NASA and the NIH have brought us. NASA is still producing amazing ground breaking science, which is beyond commercialization for awhile. Don't forget about CERN which came about from the EU. Most people don't give a shit about these projects even if they are going to advance their life and their ancestors. 
Here is the reality most people are trying to survive their everyday, to  care. NASA would not have happened without 1960s government, for its good and bad, the citizens did not really care. People would not donate to these projects, why would they care. We are not at the point in technology that people will donate to a project such as NASA. Again Research is expensive you highly overestimate private donations right now. I like to deal with the present reality not if and maybe situations.
Edit: Yeah that stuff is all bad, people are working on fixing it, who ever said this was easy. Work in progress.
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:45:52
So again how will you take care of the other illnesses, the rare ones. Which if we have small entities which are working on them. I never said they were large but they are still there. What company would spend the capital on this research, so it will not get done. We are now actively working to cure many many illnesses with government funded projects, this type of research would rarely get done. Of course you have money going to the sicknesses which are the most widespread, that's just common sense. We have limited resources. 
All that video did was give me situation that has never happened, who is to say that the public will not have an out cry if it was made public. We live in an age of information, and things change fast, how am I supposed to know. The middle east uprising was sparked by a fruit seller. You nor I knows what will happen in a situation like that. What was the economic situation of the country, what was the social situation, where they at war? Context matters also. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 05:56:19
A majority of our richest people have no vision unfortunately...
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:44:55
I just have very little faith that this would actually happen. You seem to forget most people do not care about science, hell Americans don't even believe in evolution. You really think scientific advancement will happen with that mindset. 18.7 billion is a lot of money, scientific fundraising is one of the hardest things with the current climate in the world. You and me are of the minority when it comes to science. If people really cared about NASA with the amount resources we have we would be spending a good deal more. 
I am not saying it would not get done eventually just take a lot longer because most people see science as hard  and only for the 'smart' people, or evil.
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:44:54
Yet I highly doubt many of the things that we enjoy today would exist without the centralization of government. Research is one area Government does well, more so since it is expensive, especially medical and energy research. Most illnesses would not be treated under a free market system, since the institutions with the resources to fix them are going to be companies are made to make a profit. And a medical companies are there to make a profit, people come second. Research is a major risk, especially medical, and many times does not return profits, and if it does not for decades. What institution would ever be willing to take such a risk on spending in some cases billions to cure a disease which a very small majority of the population has? Again they are in the business of making money not curing people, they just happen to make money making people better.
I am a bitcoin supporter but the idea that Government is not needed, ignores all the good it does when it works, and all the bad that not have a institution such as it provides for problems that 90% of people do not realize is a problem. Best case things will be discovered, but no where near the speed which they are now. 
The problem with much of Government, and even the best, is that a majority of people of still not allowed to fairly participate for it to be effective. I believe we are still working on this democracy thing, its to early to throw it out yet. 
Edit: If your going to down vote me at least prove me wrong, or you just look butt hurt and are unable to bring a counter point. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 01:24:47
But you have to look at the current situation and the reality of everyday life. People do not understand science, and don't take the time to care. Why would they donate to something they don't care about? Will society start caring space more, or fusion power, better nuclear. Most people are to busy trying to survive to take the time to research, and I doubt you would ever get the funds to build a project on the scale as CERN, there is nothing even close on the private level.
Edit: 46% of Americans believe that still believe God created humans in present, and 32% believe humans evolved with gods guiding. If Government were to disappear what exactly would change with these people to make them care about science.
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:46:30
Yes because the NIH is just some accident created by the big bad government. The government does plenty of good and bad, its just reality, hardcore unrealistic views like this are what drive the average person away from Bitcoin.