@_author: kieroshark
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:45:44
Sure sure, the significant thing though is they can't prevent it's use. They can't change the rules of bitcoin, they can't control it.
They can absolutely punish people they identify to be using it. They can discourage use, and make it way harder to use.
However they cannot physically make a payment for me, seize my funds, or prevent a payment I want to make. Nor can they change the rules by which the system operates without my permission.
Certainly I could be coerced into making a transaction, or they can track my coins, and arrest me if I move them. But this requires targeting each individual one by one. This is of course possible, but outrageously expensive to enforce. There is no single point of failure. If any part of the network survives, the entire network survives.
Obviously a government ban would be terrible, and would massively affect public interest and the price. But practically speaking the network cannot be destroyed, prevented, or altered without our consent. The government would love to build NYC/AML functionality directly into bitcoin. Yet they physically cannot. They could add NYC/AML functionality into a fork of Bitcoin they support, but that wouldn't affect the Bitcoin I use.
Cryptocurrency is a bizarre paradigm shift we can only begin to wrap our minds around.
@_date: 2018-01-15 22:08:45
Ah good point. I was gonna make the same type of comment Fancy did, but you are absolutely right.
Looking at the dates though, it looks like it wasn't noticed right away. Which makes the think the real mistake here would be that they are not running their tests prior to merging.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:30:16
Minor correction: Coinbase does not pay your transfer fees. However, GDAX does.
* So if you transfer your BTC from Coinbase -&gt; your wallet, you pay the mining fee.
* If you transfer your BTC from coinbase -&gt; GDAX -&gt; your wallet, they will pay the fee for you.
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:15:58
Initially I got into it because it looked like a good investment. I understood the basics at this point, but not what it could bring about. After investing in it, decided I need to learn a lot more about it. Andreas and others really helped open my eyes.
Now I'm in it for the technology. Don't get me wrong, I'd love to make money too, but even if I never made profit on bitcoin, I'd still support it wholeheartedly and use it whenever possible.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:18:08
Hah, thanks. :)
Something amazing is happening here with bitcoin, but it's a chaotic process, and it's easy to lose sight of the forest, as trees are crashing down in front of you.
As much as I'm able, I try to focus on the amazing changes bitcoin can make, and look past the cacophony and politics and "disinformation war" that rages along the battlefront. 
I've found Andreas Antonopoulos to be really helpful in this process. He's focused entirely on the technology. What it is, what it could be, what it will be. And that is so much more important than what some news article said today, or what users of some other coin think. 
So as much as I'm able, I try to do the same. :)
@_date: 2018-01-15 20:07:26
If anyone wants to read the actual fed article, you can find it here: 
In my opinion it's a very good paper. It makes a unbiased evaluation of the pros and cons of Bitcoin. And concludes that


However, make sure to keep this in mind: 


@_date: 2018-01-11 18:31:01
Well, that would be assuming the only way to get money in your lightning account is to put money in it via a bitcoin transactions.
You could fill up your lightning address using lightning transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:40:42
I'm not clear on one thing, are they trying to bar their employees from buying their own crypto? Or are they just saying none of the bank's funds can be invested in crypto? It sure sounds like the former, which strikes me as a bit ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:51:42
The whitepaper is written from the point of view of "here is this thing called bitcoin". 
There was no concept of multiple offshoots of Bitcoin, or how to determine validity. There was however, an explanation of how the network resolves orphaned blocks and double spending attacks. Consensus as outlined in the whitepaper is explaining how to resolve those. It's describing how to reach consensus on the *state* of the block chain. Not how to reach consensus on what the rules of the protocol are.


That actually proves my point. If they assumed it couldn't happen, then that's not what they were writing about. 


You won't find a single mention of "consensus upgrades" in the white paper. It isn't covered. It's not something the white paper talks about. 
Hard forks are not covered in the white paper. Soft forks are not covered in the white paper. Protocol changes are not covered in the white paper. 
What the white paper does talk about is how nodes reach consensus on the current state of the blockchain, not the rules of the blockchain. Not on which fork is more real/valid/superior.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:56:56
I do get you. Just keep in mind that if we mix untruths into our narrative, we weaken our own proposition, not strengthen it.
In general I have to strongly caution against resorting to using low tactics just because your enemy does. It'll blur the line, and often one will lose what they were fighting to protect.
Most importantly though, we don't need untruths. There is no need to bluff if you have all the cards.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:56:01


Oh good call. I had completely missed that. Hm that does blow my entire last post out of the water.
I would comment that the whitepaper was written back when miners were users and there were no mining pools, dedicated mining hardware, or any of the politics we see currently.
But what you said definitively points out that the white paper did cover the subject. I'll need to think on this more.


True. The hash rate will always reach an equilibrium with the market price.
@_date: 2018-01-15 19:33:34
The development doesn't occur on github. I *think* it occurs [here](
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:30:53
Hah! Thanks. I would rather be factually correct in what I know than "win" a discussion. So whenever I can, I always try to let pride take a backseat to truth.


Oh yea, I fully 100% agree with you. From a previous post of mine on the subject:


EDIT: Just read your edits. Well put! I fully 100% agree.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:25:15
This was amazingly helpful, thank you. Man I need to do a lot of thinking on this subject. 
As a bonus I'm starting to understand the "bitcoin isn't backed by anything" argument. I've always replied with something along the lines that "bitcoin is backed by the users", but I think I misunderstood the argument.
All fiat money is a liability of the central bank. Bitcoin is nobodies liability.
What are the ramifications of this? 
Aside from control over the quantity of money, what are the ramifications of fiat being a liability of the central bank? 
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:07:03
I agree fully.
I don't support it, but I'm glad it exists. I'm glad that the people who want large blocks have a coin they can use. I also see value in it as a test-bed. I think its development is played too fast and loose, and is too short-sighted, but it could still teach us things through either failure or success. If it does something well and clever, we can incorporate that into Bitcoin. If it makes a critical mistake, we can be more certain of our methods of avoiding it.
However, the infighting? The information warfare, the factions, the fighting, the shills... None of that is why I am here. It weakens us, polarizes us, and sets us against each other. 
[I suppose on the bright side though, the infighting is preparing us for the far nastier civil war still to come.](
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:32:30


I need to correct you here. Yes the fee is based on the size of the transaction, but that is the size in bytes, not the number of bitcoin.
That means that if you transfer 0.5 bitcoin from one address to one address the fee will be the same as if you transfer 5000 bitcoin from one address to one address.
Where it gets more expensive is with multiple input or output addresses and things like this.
@_date: 2018-01-23 02:39:21
Okay understood. 
The post of mine you replied to was me refuting the idea of validity/authenticity being determined by hash rate, which is a narrative I've seen a lot, and I tend to contest it whenever I see it.


There are certainly security benefits to being the chain with the most hash power, but those benefits are best quantified as "how expensive is it to attack the network".
I think the point we diverge here is that I think that the work power needs to be large, but it doesn't need to be the largest.
There are attacks that become more viable if there is a massive divergence in the hash rate between coins with the same PoW algorithm, since anyone controlling a significant chunk of hash power on the larger chain could potentially switch to the smaller chain and try to gain &gt;51% on that chain.
But as long as the smaller chain has a "large enough" hash rate, this won't happen.
Speaking to real-life, even if this does happen, what are the attackers able to do? They can execute a double spend. They can spend some of their coins more than once. Okay, so what happens next? The community responds like an angry bee hive.  Solutions will be devised and implemented. Even without any changes to the software, people start requiring a higher number of confirmations before considering the transaction as "done".
Additionally, it seems likely it would have to be facilitated by a mining pool. I suspect people will be able to track down which pool it was, and I imagine that pool would very rapidly lose most of its hash power. 
A double-spend event will be very negative for a currency, but not fatal. 
It's definitely a potential issue for the chain with less hash power, especially if the divergence is great, but I don't see it as a fatal issue.
And with all the animosity I've seen between BTC and BCH supporters, the fact that it hasn't happened already (particularly during the BCH EDA difficulty fluctuations) speaks worlds to how difficult this kind of attack is to actually pull off. I am certain that there are parties on both sides that would have loved to execute this kind of attack on the other chain to try and destroy it. I'm not saying it can't happen, but the fact that it hasn't speaks to how hard (expensive) it is to execute in practice.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:53:56


Regardless of being for or against bitcoin, I would suggest reading up on the Petrodollar. A lot of the conflict in the world today is directly and indirectly related to the US using the dollar a system of political power.
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:20:08


Okay I gotta call you on this one. The DAA Bitcoin Cash now uses is incompatible with the original Satoshi client. That's why it took a hard fork to implement it.
Secondly, not only is it not true, but even if it was you are cherry picking your time frames. If we take the client at the time Satoshi left, only Bitcoin transactions would validate. Not Bitcoin Cash (due to both the block size and the DAA). Obviously the witness portion of segwit transactions couldn't be validated by that node, but my point stands, the only chain that would process on that node is Bitcoin, not Bitcoin Cash. 
Third, and most importantly is software is always evolving. Requirements change, new techniques are developed. The whitepaper is the first design document for the software that is Bitcoin. It is incredible, and important. It lays out the the ideology of the project, and the initial implementation. It solved an unsolvable computer science problem. However, to strictly limit 9 year old software to its original design document is more akin to religion than software.
And lastly, even if we DO hold the whitepaper as a religious document (which I strongly disagree with), Bitcoin Cash's original EDA was a full divergence from the whitepaper. The new DAA is in-line with the white paper, but that doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin Cash has no qualms about diverging from the white-paper, and thus has no moral high ground on the subject. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 20:54:12
Eh, merge conflicts happen. Stuff like this is why you have releases. And it looks like what broke here was only some functional tests due to some missing imports. This kind of mistake would be (and presumably was) quickly caught once they tried to run their tests.
I'm not defending them, but as a programmer I don't see that one as an issue or something worthy of attention.
@_date: 2018-01-23 03:46:47


True, I hadn't considered deliberately trying to make empty transactions. Although this ends up being far more expensive than a double spend attack for less gain, so it seems somewhat unlikely to be done at a scale where it could present anything more than an inconvenience. It'd be orders of magnitude cheaper just to create very large transactions with low fees to clog up the chain and make it look bad.
And even if someone did this, what happens next is fees start to rise, which provides a counter-balance, effectively raising the price of the attack. 
I remember seeing a lot of talk in about a "chain death spiral". Generally there was this idea that if BCH just got enough hash power to pass BTC one time, it was game over from BTC. But in practice what happens is people who want to transact pay higher fees, and as fees rise it gets more profitable to mine that chain, and that causes the whole thing to be a negative feedback loop.


I don't understand this sentence. If you're saying that a BTC pool attacking BCH wouldn't cause people to leave the pool, I have to disagree. Even if for no other reason than the reduced income from the attack, let alone for ideological reasons. 


Hah. I might have phrased it a little differently, but I ultimately agree. The system is designed specifically to make it more economically attractive to play by the rules then try to break it. Even if BTC's rules are designed to protect BTC, it has the side effect of disincentivizing attacks on BCH. And the reverse is true as well.
@_date: 2018-01-11 19:34:14
Not necessarily. It's **very** important that you **can** close the channel and commit the state to the chain at any time, but as long as you **can** you may not need to. The reason I point this out is the more transactions are on a second layer, the lower the fees will be. 
If you get paid using a lightning channel and you do most purchases through a lightning channel, this relieves a massive amount of congestion of the bitcoin network.
If fees were infinitely high lightning wouldn't work, I would never argue otherwise. But the main point of lightning is to prevent that situation.
@_date: 2018-01-15 22:38:51
Oh god. That is fantastic. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:47:11
Firstly, the odds of a full societal breakdown seem pretty low.
More likely is first-world countries see things similar to what things like what Greece went through recently. Stringent capital controls. Cash shortage. Limits on how much you can withdraw from your bank account. A percent taken from everyone's bank accounts. Increased unemployment. Significant inflation. 
I don't know what will happen in developing countries, it won't be good. It won't be the end of society either. 
Secondly, it will either happen or not happen regardless of Bitcoin. I personally believe it's inevitable at this point. I'm not talking about a complete failure of the USD, or human society crumbling, or anything apocalyptic, but it seems extremely likely to me that the next recession will trigger a global depression akin to the 30s.
I don't hope for it, because it's going to be hard for everyone. But until we get through it, things can't get better. So I embrace it, and hope for the best. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:12:09
*"It is not enough to say that you do not like the way things are.  You must say how you will change them, and to what.  You must think all the way to your end."*
     - Eliezer Yudkowsky
@_date: 2018-01-11 19:57:33


The more that traffic moves to the second layer the lower the fees get on the first layer. I don't think we'll ever go back to free or 2 cent transactions, unfortunately. 


That is definitely true. My expectation is this will not happen very often once the system is well established. It will certainly happen from time to time. 


I would agree. But that's inevitable either way, and however much fees are to open/close lightning channels, those fees would be far higher if all transactions were on-chain. 


You have said this twice now, but never said higher than what. "Higher than the second layer?" Obviously. "Higher than now?" Hard to say. Hopefully not.
@_date: 2018-01-11 17:10:36
Gotcha. 


That certainly is true, but it doesn't really matter. It doesn't make the chain more authentic, it just makes attacks on that chain more expensive. If bitcoin had 10 miners or 100000 miners, the only difference is how much it costs to attack the network, and how much each individual miner makes. 


I would say the network size is measured by the number of users, not the number of miners.
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:08:27
Because the source of the volatility is simply "the price is wrong".
Nobody knows what the right price is, what the actual value is, and so we're all making crazy guesses. This is why it's volatile. In time, it will stabilize around it's actual value. And this holds true whether its actual value is $1,000,000 a bitcoin, or $100 a bitcoin.
Bitcoin is an invasive species entering an ecosystem. At some point it will reach an equilibrium with the rest of the ecosystem, and then it will not be so volatile.
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:00:16
Yea, agree totally.
Seriously though, their defense turns me off far more than if it had just been a bug.
Having a major bug in your hash function is a mistake.
Deliberately hiding it there so that other people cannot benefit from your open source project is malicious. It really highlights their priority is in controlling the system, and makes me think they may never intend to switch the coordinator off.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:46:35
Maybe. It's global though, so mining would just shift to wherever such restrictions are not overbearing.
And even if half of the hash power vanished, bitcoin would adjust after 2 weeks and it would be fine.


An interesting idea for sure. I don't have enough data to agree or disagree with you, but it's something for me to think about more going forward, for sure.
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:11:21
Oh my god, it wasn't even a buggy hash function.
The developers came out and said it was deliberately done as a copy-protection mechanism. They have also alluded that there may be other things like that in the code. However, as long as the network is using the coordinator these planted bugs will not trigger.
Iota was the alt I thought seemed the most interesting. I won't go near it with a 10 foot pole now. That is the OPPOSITE of all the things I want in an open source project.
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:47:41
Really succinct way of expressing that. Thank you.
@_date: 2018-01-23 02:04:52
I find that when I take the time to respectfully converse with the opposition, I am consistently surprised by how small the gap between THEM and US is (on any polarized subject).
I also find that when I expect a person to be rational, and treat them as if they will be rational, the other party tends to behave far more rationally. I find the reverse of this is true as well. If I go into a conversation already having concluded how stupid the other person is, I will conduct myself in such a way that no meaningful dialog occurs, and I instead leave with my conclusion reinforced.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:23:33
Oh thank you, good point.
I hadn't considered it like that. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 22:28:37
I agree. 
One of the major reasons why I support Core is their rigorous testing and regular release schedule.
Cowboy coding is fine for a small company hacking together their first website, but god help anyone who takes that approach to building financial software responsible for securing 41 billion dollars.
All that said, I generally try to focus on the cool things being built, and less on the mistakes the other side may be making. They will succeed or fail on their own. I'd rather focus on us being the best we can be.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:16:40
Damn, that is a hell of a difference! Sounds really useful.
@_date: 2018-01-09 22:25:42
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:56:30
I like the edit much better. It's easier to understand and less hostile.
Now I get what you mean, and I agree with you. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:12:30


Wait you are misunderstanding that rule. And I say this as a core supporter. The rule you are talking about is for determining which chain **that follows consensus rules** is the valid one. It's for things like when two miners get a block at the same time. Or for identifying and resolving attacks on the network.
When a chain doesn't follow consensus rules because it has different consensus rules that metric is irrelevant. It's a different chain. It's a different coin. It's a different network.
At that point what is ultimately happening is people are voting for the system they want to use. "Valid" and "invalid" are obsolete constructs from fiat currencies. This will only get more blurry going forward, too. 
I would highly suggest watching this video from Andreas:
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:57:03
Seems odd to me that a company has the right to tell their employees what they can and cannot buy. Especially when what is being purchased is fundamentally the competition.
I could only imagine the shit-show if McDonalds came out and forbid their employees from ever buying Burger King, on threat of being fired.
@_date: 2018-01-09 22:44:26
Strongly agree.
As more and more people are getting involved in Crypto, too few really understand the actual revolution Bitcoin brings is social scaling. It facilitates a new paradigm, wherein the rules of the system are defined by consensus of the participants but enforced by the system itself. A paradigm in which there can be any number of variants, created by anyone, at any time, I have the freedom to support whatever ones uses the rules I want to support. A system in which there is no leader, no great plan, and in which each participant is truly equal. A system where nobody can change the rules for me, but anyone else may change the rules for themselves.
It's so alien to how we organize groups that it's lost on many people.
I look at the entire Crypto space, and I don't see any currency but Bitcoin that understands that this is the real revolution Satoshi started.
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:07:10
Ah kk, great! 
This line:


Was the reason for my message.
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:50:38
I read the full post. An interesting position. Overall, I disagree with you, but you defend it articulately and well.
I'd like to start off fairly concrete, and gradually taper off into more and more abstract evaluations on the subject.
Firstly, if a cryptocurrency has enough hash power to make the coin secure, more hash power yields rapidly diminishing returns. It is difficult (or impossible) to to know how much is "enough", but once you have made it economically unfeasible to attack the system, more hash power is not that important. 
Forgive me for getting a bit metaphorical, but if you don't have enough food and are starving, you have a huge problem. However, once you have *enough* food, increasing the quantity of food you have is not as beneficial as focusing on other things, such as the quality of the food, the ease of gathering, or better food preservation techniques.
Moving back to Crypto, once you have made an attack outrageously expensive, making it **more** outrageously expensive is beneficial, but somewhat superfluous compared to other things. It's beneficial, yes, but this makes hash rate a poor metric by which to judge a coin, unless the hash rate is insufficient, and the coin is insecure.
More importantly, this quickly devolves into a Ship of Theseus problem. What is Bitcoin? How do you define Bitcoin?
If Ethereum had more accumulated difficulty and hash power than bitcoin, does it become "the real Bitcoin"? If not, why not?
If proof of stake was implemented in BTC or BCH, would that currency stop being Bitcoin?
If some alternative to proof of work is developed, and so obviously superior in every way that both BTC and BCH adopt it, would they still be Bitcoin?
If the federal government infiltrated bitcoin, forked it, removed the coin cap, and implemented AML/KYC functionality into the coin, and then wall street pumped that coin until it was worth more, resulting in a higher hash rate, would that be the real Bitcoin?
Each person will draw this line in a different place. It's a personal distinction. 
If one is evaluating two coins to figure out which one is superior, Hash rate tells us very little. Hash rate reflects the market price of the coin. (I can elaborate on this if desired) Market price is certainly indicative of general public sentiment, but it cannot be used by itself to determine the 'true' value of a coin, or the future value. Especially while the markets are still so small. And it certainly does not directly reflect any sort of technological or organizational superiority. 
Alternatively if one is trying to use hash rate to look for "validity", to find the "real bitcoin" boy do they have a surprise coming. This genie is out of the bottle. The virus is out of the lab and in the wild, but so few people really understand what is happening.
We now know how to create a system wherein the rules of the system are defined by the participants of the system, but enforced by the system itself. Wherein anyone can change the system in any way they want, but nobody can change the rules of the system that apply to others. 
If you fork Bitcoin, your fork is Bitcoin if you say it is. It's not the one and only valid holy Bitcoin, but neither is the original chain. They are both Bitcoin, they are just different variants of Bitcoin. That fork may not not **my** Bitcoin, but it can certainly be Bitcoin to you or others. It's Bitcoin for anyone that uses it, but nobody can make me use it. Nobody can make me change the rules of the Bitcoin I want to use. 
I have seen a people get caught up on "but which one is the REAL bitcoin". In a system with authority and leadership, you look to the leader, and they can tell you "this is the thing I/we deem valid, and the others are impostors".
In a leaderless movement, there is no absolute truth. There are millions of individual truths, each truth adding to a greater whole. All impossibly chaotic and contradictory at the scale of the individual, yet from a zoomed out view, a clear orderly pattern emerges. We can certainly judge a coin based on the amount of support it has overall, and there is definitely value in that, but we have to be careful we don't miss the point.
The real bitcoin is the one I say it is. The real bitcoin is the one you say it is. Hash rate does not define what I say is Bitcoin. Hash rate protects the rules I have decided constitute Bitcoin. 
Hash Rate is a measure of the immune system of a PoW coin. No more, and no less.
And now for the absolute most important part of all:
Bitcoin is whatever I say it is. Bitcoin is whatever you say it is.
If you say Bitcoin is whichever fork has more hash power, that decision alone is what makes it true. 
If I say hash power is irrelevant, that decision alone is what makes it false.
Do you understand? The shit-show that is coming from this idea is going to be one hell of a ride.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:02:08
Thanks for the clarification!
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:42:18
Wait you are misunderstanding that rule. And I say this as a core supporter. The rule you are talking about is for determining which chain **that follows consensus rules** is the valid one. It's for things like when two miners get a block at the same time. Or for identifying and resolving attacks on the network.
When a chain doesn't follow consensus rules because it has different consensus rules that metric is irrelevant. It's a different chain. It's a different coin. It's a different network.
At that point what is ultimately happening is people are voting for the system they want to use. "Valid" and "invalid" are obsolete constructs from fiat currencies. This will only get more blurry going forward, too.
I would highly suggest watching this video from Andreas: 
@_date: 2019-07-26 03:01:14
Years ago there was a post on here about a time traveler from the future begging everyone to stop using bitcoin.
I'm failing to find the actual reddit post it's from, but here is a copy of it on medium.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:39:09
People are always speculating on the price. 
Rumors go around that china may ban bitcoin (again) and the price drops. rumors go around that &lt;insert good thing here&gt; and the price goes up.
If a million people make a bet that bitcoin will go down, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy. Some people that actually own bitcoin see that and think "Oh hm, all these people think it's gonna go down, I should sell some now just in case, and buy it back lower". This then can cascade into a full crash in extreme cases.
Bitcoin's price is entirely determined by what people think it's worth, and THAT is influenced by futures markets. I suspect it's only really short-term influences, due to Bitcoin's actual value, but they could still be large short-term influences.
All that said, like you I am very uncertain about the net effect of it. I've seen people say it will stabilize the price fluctuations, and I've seen people say that it will accentuate the price fluctuations. Both sides have made a case that made sense to me, and I lack the domain knowledge to be able to determine the actual truth on that point.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:49:59
To my knowledge there is no way this could be determined.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:39:31
Don't worry, some of us listen. And then once we really understand, we start spreading the data ourselves.
We just aren't as loud as those that want to get rich quick, or have an agenda to push. :)
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:29:32
Yes, that was one of the two points I could come up with that I could prove. Particularly on the subject of food production.
The other one I came up with is cost of healthcare (I live in the US).
However, even with those, I could not construct a sufficient argument to either prove my opinion or disprove his, which indicates to me I need to do more research.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:32:35
Well... yes. But not any more so than any other industry. it's the way the game is played at the moment. It needs to change, but most of the worlds "money" is in derivatives like this.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:34:55
I believe so. Instead of promoting instant gratification, it would systemically promote patience and deliberate action.
And I agree with you. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 08:57:58
Ah gotcha okay. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:14:26
It's inherent, but it's variable.
Every 2014 blocks the difficulty adjusts automatically to ensure that we get one block every 10 minutes. The more hash power the network has, the more electricity is spent per transaction. The less hash power the network has, the less electricity is spent per transaction. The more hash power the network has, the more expensive it gets to attack or damage the network.
The network was designed to incentivize competition between miners, but in such a way that the network gets more secure the more people are competing for those fees/coins. As such the amount of electricity spent on it will inherently regulate itself based on the value of the electricity and the value of the fees/coins given out.
Would it be possible to change it someday? Certainly! Bitcoin Gold was a fork of bitcoin that wanted to change the proof of work to make it harder to develop specialized hardware to mine. Another cryptocurrency was created to calculate digits of pie, instead of just guessing hashes. Dogecoin removed the hard cap on the number of coins that will exist. Any rule about the system can be changed. It would just require some number of developers changing some source code, and then a large number of users deciding that coin had value.
I've seen a recent surge of people looking at how much electricity is being spent on bitcoin, and thinking of it as this huge resource waste. This is just the latest campaign in a decade long attempt to slander and discredit bitcoin. That electricity is not being wasted, it's buying something incredible. It's creating something that could never be created for electricity before.
It creates social scaling. It buys trust for electricity. It creates a system wherein we can exchange value with each other without having to trust each other. A system that polices itself, and is truly democratic. A system where the rules of the system are determined by the users of the system, and not arbitrarily chosen by someone who feels they know better what is good for us. 
So far, every system we've devised to to exchange wealth at scale requires trust in a centralized entity. And so far almost every large centralized entity carrying out this role has abused this privilege (I can talk at length on this if you don't know what I mean). By rendering the rules of exchanging and storing wealth immune (or at least **highly** resistant) to the politics of humans, we have the potential to usher in an age of prosperity never seen before. 
And because the real revolution of bitcoin is not Blockchain, but social scaling, perhaps one generation after widespread use, we'll start to see this approach applied to everything from government to land ownership.
Yes the Bitcoin network is consuming a metric fuck-ton of electricity, but it buys something so revolutionary that it doesn't even matter.
If you want to learn more about what I mean by "social scaling", I would highly recommend this article by Nick Szabo. It's a bit of a difficult read, but it makes really solid points.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:56:05
Bro, you are not helping.
I am well aware of solutions to this problem. I was asking about the legality of it, because this represents a paradigm shift where the old laws shouldn't actually apply but new laws haven't been created yet (to my knowledge), so enforcement personnel will be attempting to enforce the old laws until something changes that.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:07:11
If anyone wants to read the actual fed statement this article is talking about:
It's not as bad as I was thinking it might be; it's about par for the course for what one should expect. 
If I was to summarize it as succinctly as possible, it basically boils down to: "Innovation is good, but risky, so lets proceed more slowly so as to not jeopardize our current systems." Overall I think this is a fair thing for him to say, even if I disagree with the premise on so many levels.
The statement also focuses primarily on digital currencies as a payment system, through omission disregarding digital currencies as being anything more than a convenient payment system that gets too much press.
Lastly, just for fun, my favorite part of the whole thing is when he is explaining why the fed is not issuing its own digital currency:


*"Guys if we make banks obsolete the banks would go out of business! Obviously we don't want that, so slow down and stop yammering on about this crypto shit."*
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:20:39


Depending on how you define the environment everything humans do is harmful to "the environment". I don't exactly disagree with your statement, but I see us rapidly proceeding in the direction of sustainable energy (we're reaching a point where it's not only better, but getting more economically efficient).
More importantly bitcoin is also disintermediating one of the largest human industries. The increased efficiency of that carries a positive environmental impact which needs to be weighed against the more visible negative of electricity consumption.


Yes it is! 
I'm highly interested in how this turns out. PoW does something incredible, but when we find a system that does what PoW does, only better, I would like to see that system incorporated into Bitcoin if it is equally secure.
I don't yet have a strong opinion either for or against PoS at this time, but I'm extremely interested to see how it goes with Ethereum as a real-world test of the concept.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:19:08
I hear that. It's easy to get caught up in trying to save money, but peace of mind is well worth a little extra money.
But yea as trivial_sublime says, if the box is still sealed you are very likely fine. I couldn't even get the damn box open without destroying it. And the first thing you'll do with the device when you plug it in is update the firmware.
However, all that said, if I were you I'd do some more research on the vendor.  One of the main points of buying a hardware wallet is that peace of mind, so do whatever you have to do to get that.
A quick glance on my part gives me the impression it's just a legit hardware vendor (headphones and stuff, mostly), which lends itself to being fine if the tamper-seals and such are all still intact. It's listed explicitly on the Trezor webpage ( and the seller has very solid reviews on amazon.
Here's a reddit thread from someone else with the same concern.
All in all, if I were you, I would be entirely comfortable with it (assuming intact packaging). If you have any concern at all, maybe post in the trezor subreddit?
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:26:02
Hey I just want to say thank you so, so much for donating to Andreas. 
He's done so much for all of us, it makes me really emotional to see the community rally around him, and it makes me so happy to know that he won't have to stress for money, and gets to reap the rewards of the ecosystem he has been fundamental in building.
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:10:20
Wait wait wait, you got parts of this backwards.


Yes this part is true.


No no no, rates at zero cause MORE people to borrow money, and has the opposite effect you are laying out here. Rates are lowered because the economy is in a recession, which is related to deleveraging, but lower interest rates = more debt.


My understanding is the main reason rates are raised during the leveraging cycle is to control inflation. Low rates are good for people spending money, but cause lots of inflation. By raising rates, they try to keep inflation in check.


[You are not looking at the long term trend here. (look at the all time graph)]( The peaks are getting lower each cycle. Additionally, from one way of looking at it, rates went negative after 2008. Not only did the actual rates go to basically zero, but the Federal Reserve purchased trillions of bad debt that would have expired. The peak is going to be much lower than you think, and I suspect possibly sooner.
I agree with you completely that the next recession will escalate into a full blown depression. But I think this is due late 2018, or early 2019, or at the very very latest, It could possibly last until either just before or just after the end of this presidential cycle, but I don't think that's as likely. Measure the length between recessions, not the "time in which interest rates are higher". Also, consider the crazy bull run the stock market had in 2017.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:26:51
Yes absolutely. It might require a tool to separate them (depending on the specifics of that "fork") but when Bitcoin Cash came out many people did this to one side or the other. 
The other thing worth mentioning is it gets more muddy if the coins are on an exchange when the fork happens. At that point it's up to the exchange what you get (you may only get the "main" one instead of both).
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:07:47
The first scalable system of money truly by the people for the people.
That's why it makes me shake my head when people tout things like "I like Blockchain technology but I don't like bitcoin".
Blockchain is a neat technology with tons of applications, but it's the smallest and least important of bitcoin's innovations/revolutions.
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:03:58
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:03:03
Happy to help! :)
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:15:31
Strongly agree with this.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:43:03
I think you're barking up the wrong tree man. A preliminary report released while the full audit is underway is entirely reasonable. 
If you are gonna latch on to something, there are way better directions to go, such as seeking out the actual report released by Friedman, or the terms of service for tether.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:14:30
RemindMe! One year
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:53:03
Great question. I expect it to do what gold did in 2008. 
I think it will follow the market for the initial crash, followed by being one of the first things to recover, and then spiking up HARD. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:34:12
LOL. Thank you I was confused.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:24:32
Derp... Thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:47:31
All jokes aside, that's a really interesting point I had never considered. Nearly doubling the workforce would be guaranteed to significantly increase housing costs.
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:18:17
 JOKE, FRIEND!**
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:16:46
Hey would you be able to explain for a layman how one arbitrages a cash-settled future? I totally believe you, but I don't understand how that would work.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:57:53


Really well put. 
At the end of the day, when your voice goes nowhere, the last (and most powerful) option remaining for protest is "exit". Bitcoin provides a means of peaceful economic exit. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:53:32
From the article it sounds like the bill is the standard NYC garbage we have in other places (like the USA).


It sounds like it only applies to when your money is being held by the third party, rather than wallets where you control your own keys.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:39:20
To add two more to your list:
* affect vs effect
* averse vs adverse
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:41:39
Couldn't agree more. 
For those that want a nice graph to visually see what he's talking about:
It so completely batshit crazy that it boggles my mind.
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:24:30
What blows my mind is if they had finished this process before bitcoin was established, bitcoin never could have grown out of it's infancy. Bitcoin really did come just in the nick of time.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:03:01
Hey I just wanted to add one more thing. I just watched a video by Andreas Antonopolous that explains this 100 times better than I ever could. I wanted to share it in case you are interested.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:27:51
Yea no problem.
I'm not saying there aren't malicious actors pushing agendas, because there definitely are, but there are also actual members of their community who have an ideological difference of opinion, who can defend their view, and even if I disagree with them, I respect those people.
There is a lot of information warfare going on right now, from both sides. It polarizes things, and drives the community apart.
When I see someone pushing an "us vs them" mentality, it gives me a good clue that I need to be very wary of what they say. 
We're all people, and the ideological divide between Bitcoin Cash users and Bitcoin users is far smaller than it has been made to appear.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:42:16
Yes. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:55:22
Good call.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:35:11
Exactly. Andreas did a talk on this that blew my mind.
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:43:07
Be magnanimous in victory. 
Educate them again now that they are interested, and help them get into Bitcoin. The more helpful and friendly we are to new-comers, the better off we all will be.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:23:50
Ah, gotcha. I know exactly what you mean. It's hard sometimes (especially on here).
Overall I find that the higher emotions run in a discussion, the less meaningful the discourse actually is and the more firmly entrenched each person gets in their position. So I try to speak more softly the more emotional the other person gets (emphasis on "try").
I also find that people tend to act how one expects them to. If I think someone is going to act bat-shit insane, I tend to somehow conduct myself in a way that brings out the bat-shit insane in them. If I think of someone as a rational person with a meaningful opinion, I find I conduct myself in such a way that brings out their rationality. Even knowing this, it always gives me a sense of awe when I see it happen. (And I'm not saying it always works like this, just that our expectations of the other person's behavior will significantly influence how we act, and thus how they will act.)
Anyways, I imagine you may be aware of these things already, but I find it can be helpful to be reminded of them from time to time. Take care! :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:55:32
Yes. 
I think the core of what you might be missing is that the difficulty of the algorithm is based entirely on how much computing power is mining bitcoin. 
If 10000 computers were mining bitcoin, the same amount of bitcoin gets created as 10 computers mining bitcoin. It may take a little time to adjust, but it will adjust either way. Because of that the profits of mining bitcoin will always be tied to how much the electricity costs. 
As the price goes up, more people will mine it until it reaches a new equilibrium with the price of electricity and the expense of the hardware. If the price goes down the same thing happens. 
Every 4 years, the amount of new bitcoin produced gets cut in half. This will reduce the economic incentive for mining, and will result in it being less profitable. This then makes less people mine it, and the difficulty goes down, causing a smaller electrical footprint.
Lastly, it's important to keep in mind that that electricity isn't being wasted. It may look like it at first glance, but it's buying something of value that couldn't really produced bought with electricity before. 
A trustless, anti-fragile system of money. Social scaling.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:23:09
I absolutely agree with the mechanism you laid out in your comment.
However, I want to bring up some other independent forces acting on things or coming to fruition.
1) Bankers are not some singular entity unanimously colluding for what is in their best interest. The name of the game is for each individual actor to do absolutely anything and everything they can to make as much money as possible, as fast as possible, without regard for the stability of system or any kind of long-term sustainability. If bitcoin will make them money, they will invest in it. Even if it will ultimately render them obsolete. 
2) There was a really good statement in that interview between Nolan Bauerle and the CNN guy: "Bitcoin is a hedge against monetary policy." On a global scale, a lot of our monetary policy is heading straight for the edge of the cliff at maximum speed. When you make a habit of borrowing from tomorrow to fund today, you create a positive feedback loop. As countries borrow more money and go more into debt to run their operations, they become required to borrow even more money in the future. The more in debt they are, the more they need to borrow to keep things running. 
When trillions are created out of thin air to buy bad investments to keep the financial market from collapsing, it saves the present at the expense of the future. 
Our culture and financial systems are centered around spending tomorrows money today, and as time goes on you need to spend more of tomorrow's money today to keep things going. That system can only be stretched so far. I don't profess to know how things will turn out, but for the people concerned about this system balancing itself out, bitcoin provides a service that nothing else provides. A safe place to put your money, (Which is such a funny statement to me, given its volatility.) as well as the ability to fully, truly be in control of your money.
While I don't see situations like Zimbabwe or Venezuela happening in most developed countries, I do see situations like Greece or Iceland being inevitable (things like Capital controls, haircuts, money taken from private bank accounts to prevent government default, significant economic downturn, etc).
TL;DR: It's not just Bitcoin. The world is due for a bear market on a scale not seen since the 30's. And during this bear market, I believe bitcoin will weather it better than any other asset.
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:50:56
Sure, it's one of his all-time best in my opinion. Certainly one of the ones that left the biggest impression on me.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:17:53
Thanks for taking the time to write this out. Gives me a lot to think about.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:41:23
Can you please link us to the original post, then?
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:43:15
Hah, will do. No idea on when though. It's such a complex subject, and I am always learning. :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:07:08
It's important not to fall into the trap that because someone is wrong about something they are wrong about everything.
That term is describing a mechanism, and it's one of the mechanisms at play here. It's not the only one, and in my mind it's not the most significant, but it's part of what happens. 
Just like the fact that just because bitcoin "isn't" a bubble, doesn't mean it can't "have bubbles". Bitcoin and Crypto in general is one of the most important paradigm shifts that has ever happened. Crypto will also be the largest bubble of our lifetimes. That doesn't mean it's not a game changer, or that it it will go away after the bubble. It means that people will get TOO excited about it, and it will go up faster than it should, and then correct down hard afterwards. This will happen regardless of if the stable bitcoin price ultimately ends up at 5k, 50k, or 5 million. 
At some point it will reach equilibrium with the rest of the financial ecosystem, but before it can do that, it will have to shoot FAR past that point of equilibrium, then start oscillating around the point of equilibrium, then stabilize. This holds true no matter where that point of equilibrium is. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:25:09
Yup, happy to help!
Make sure you use a Pin and a Passphrase with that thing whenever you set it up. It's not "required", but it's really really prudent in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-12-13 06:39:00
Yes, for sure! It's a paradigm shift. And despite that term being overused, I don't use it lightly, and I know of no other term that conveys the appropriate meaning.
Even if bitcoin instantly vanished from the world right now, this process wouldn't be stopped, only slowed.
We have finally found a way to meaningfully interact with each other in a way that is nearly trust-less. A way to manage a system wherein the rules of the system are defined by the participants and enforced by the system itself. A way to socially scale past our current methods. 
In time it will sweep over every aspect of our culture. From property ownership to governance. This idea is so much more than "bitcoin" or "money".
[If you have the interest, you should read this blog post by Nick Szabo. It's bit of a hard read, but it makes a lot of sense to me.](
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:44:46
Sure sure, but unless I misunderstand Hirschman (and I might) loyalty influences the choice between voice and exit?
Meaning in this context I'd see it as:
**Voice:** Writing a letter to my senator. Voting for Bernie. Protesting. Rioting (I don't advocate rioting, but I think it falls into this category).
**Exit:** Move my savings into bitcoin. Seek to use bitcoin whenever I can.
**Loyalty:** I have always used the US dollar. Bitcoin is new with lots of uncertainty. I know if I go into a random shop in my country, they'll take dollars as payment.
Is that right? (edited for formatting)
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:39:17
He's talking about this: 
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:44:46


Yup yup, that would be among the most extreme views. You could potentially even make an argument that even soft forks or chain restructuring cause it to become a different coin, although this takes more explaining, and is harder to defend. It's also less useful. 


Yup yup. More reasonable than the first option, but still a very hard stance. Clean distinction, no ambiguity. By this definition Ethereum Classic is actually Ethereum, and Ethereum is... something else.


Yes I totally agree with this. Since the word "Bitcoin" only means what people agree it does, whatever the most people agree it means is what it means. In most situations this is the view I take. 
However I would deviate from this stance in an extreme enough circumstance. In the future, if bitcoin keeps growing, there will inevitably be a time when there is a large concerted push to remove the 21 million coin cap. If the majority did decide to remove the 21 million coin cap, I will not consider that coin bitcoin, period. Regardless of what the word "Bitcoin" would now mean by popular consensus. I would consciously, willfully dissent.
There are people that feel this way about Bitcoin Cash, and my intention was just to point out the potential for hypocrisy if the situation ever winds up reversed. (Not so much with Bitcoin Cash, but with the community taking the coin in a direction one doesn't agree with.) Because I know I would be willing to claim "my coin is bitcoin" if the majority changed the values of Bitcoin, I have no issue with actual, genuine Bitcoin Cash supporters doing this.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:55:17
Hah, yea I often find myself having to go "wait..." and then make sentences with each until I remember the right one.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:50:07
Hah! Surprisingly "affect" vs "effect" has been reasonably 
easy for me.
Oh shit I didn't even know about everyday vs every day. Gross! :P
For me it's always been "then" vs "than" that causes me the most trouble.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:12:00
Me too. I also prefer burning to death to starving to death. 
Yet my ideal outcome would be neither of these things, and lack of one does not cause the other. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:19:52
So true. We are so entrenched in the view of an economy based on spending tomorrow's money today, that it's become "common knowledge" that inflation is required for a currency to work.
Yet this is insane. A deflationary currency will prevent credit bubbles by popping them while they are small. A deflationary currency will naturally transition us from a instant gratification consumer culture into a culture that places a higher value on patience, smart investing, and increasing production instead of gaming the system of money.
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:33:35
Interesting! That's a neat idea.
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:22:02
Amusingly, it looks like this was talked about at the last meeting. :)
    19:19:51 &lt;achow101&gt; luke-jr: what about the meeting summaries
    19:19:58 &lt;gmaxwell&gt; Who called this meeting?
    19:20:40 &lt;sipa&gt; ?
    19:20:45 &lt;luke-jr&gt; I don't actually know what's up with meeting summaries, but the last one was 2 months ago (with a huge gap before that), and people are wondering
    19:20:55 &lt;achow101&gt; TheSadFace is the person I got to write them
    19:21:03 &lt;achow101&gt; he's been doing them slowly
    19:22:30 &lt;TheSadFace&gt; luke-jr: Yeah just had a crazy last bit of the semester
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:32:05
Totally agree. I wouldn't keep more in a phone wallet than I'd keep in my actual wallet.
I was actually talking about going through customs with a Trezor/Ledger, then getting detained, and asked to show how much is "on the device". I mean, hell, we've had people detained because the TSA ["saw bitcoins in their bag"](
As adoption grows, and the concept of a hardware wallet is known, customs is going to try and apply the cash limits for entering a country to people with bitcoin.
UNLESS there is a reason why they can't. Hence my question. What is the legality of customs stopping you and demanding you unlock your hardware wallet to see how much is on it? 
@_date: 2017-12-18 23:23:57


That is true, although in the end it is for the best. It's unfortunate that the technology isn't there yet, and that we didn't have another 10 years to prepare, but it'll be good enough. 
The financial incentive and hype will spur adoption. We've already entered the end-game on the current long-term debt cycle. When the next recession hits, I believe it's going to be a bad one. (I can elaborate on this if you'd like), so I see this frenzied investing as being ultimately beneficial, even if it's a long ways from ideal.


Sure. This is gonna be a bit long, but in my opinion it's worth the time investment.
Ultimately at it's heart, Bitcoin is a revolution in how we scale groups. It allows us to socially scale. 
As our groups, organizations and institutions grow in size, we hit limits and bottlenecks based on how we organize power, responsibility and trust. Bitcoin provides a new organizational system that will work at larger scales than anything developed so far.
I realize that's a hell of a claim, so to back it up, first I want to refer you to a blog post by Nick Szabo. It's a bit of a challenging read, but it was pretty eye-opening for me.
After that, I would recommend a couple videos by Andreas Antonoplous. He takes the approach of an engineer and applies it to this subject and others.
Decentralization and the Architecture of Trust
Decentralized Truth
A little sideways to the scaling concept, but also important:
Money as a System of Control:
Alright, I realize that's kind of a lot, but it's a hell of a subject. Let me know if you have questions/thoughts/whatever and we can go from there.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:02:32
It would definitely have to be a hard fork. But we're getting into a Ship of Theseus problem.
If all the Bitcoin core devs came out tomorrow saying they wanted to double the block size, and 90% of the community supported it, would it still be the real Bitcoin?
If all the Bitcoin core devs came out two years from now, saying that we need to remove the 21 million cap, and it gets 90% community support, would it still be the real bitcoin?
At what point does it cease to be "the real bitcoin". There are obviously forks that don't cause it to stop being Bitcoin ~~(bitcoin has hard forked in the past).~~ *(EDIT: After looking around a bit, I see I might have been wrong on this point.)* There are obviously forks that could happen that would stop it from being bitcoin. Between these two extremes, where is the point it is no longer Bitcoin? This distinction is inherently subjective, arbitrary, and it will differ from individual to individual.
Because of that when I look at people who genuinely support Bitcoin Cash for ideological reasons, I see them more as drawing the line in the sand at a different place than I do. I don't agree with their narrative, but if I DID believe their narrative, I would also share their claims. This causes me to view the situation a little differently.
Lastly, as I stressed in another post here, there are definitely malicious actors pushing agendas. There is a whole information war going on that I do not agree with.
But there are also people who support Bitcoin Cash just as earnestly as I support Bitcoin. And I don't want to vilify or mock those people. From their point of view, their actions are not that different from what I would do in their circumstance.
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:01:49
Hah of course. But the best "I told you so"s are the ones you don't have to say, because they know. They know.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:31:04
Thanks for the info. That's a perspective I don't have first hand experience with. 
I would have expected it to be like you said though. Making money from money is infinitely more profitable than making something that actually adds value, so I would assume that the increase in food production would barely maintain the standard of living for those of that industry.
I would be interested in getting your perspective on...uh... I don't even know the term for this... maybe "Farming centralization"? My expectations are that there is/has-been a massive shift and pull towards people working as employees on larger farms, and small farm owners slowly getting driven out of business as farms are owned by fewer and fewer people. Then the larger farms are able to produce more food more cheaply, further driving out small farmers. 
Can you speak to this in any way? I have no actual real-world data on if that is actually happening, but I see it happening in so many other industries I assume it HAS to be happening in farming. I would love to hear anything you have to say on the subject.
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:29:36
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:00:04
Same here.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:29:12
Don't feel bad, it's complicated as hell. I'm only just starting to wrap my mind around it myself (as of a few months ago). I'll try my hand at explaining. Keep in mind that HOW this happens is quite different than my explanation here, but it will cover the basic mechanics at work.
When banks borrow money from the Federal Reserve (United States Central Bank), this graph shows the rate of interest they are being charged for it. The Federal Reserve raises or lowers this interest rate as one of its major tools to manage the economy. 
Need to stimulate the economy? Lower interest rates! This results in more lending, more money being spent, and the economy growing. This also causes an increase in inflation.
However, over time low interest rates lend themselves to too much debt for the amount of income. Inflation starts to rise, and if left unchecked, will get out of control. So then you raise interest rates to facilitate a return to balance.
That graph shoes this interest rate over a long length of time. You can see that by 2009, they got to the point where they literally could not lower it any more. They are just recently trying to raise it up. 
For a good video that helps explain these concepts I would recommend this: 
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:08:44
I think you made good points, I would like to add a few more thoughts:
I can't say that no alt will ever pass bitcoin. However, there is a massive wealth transfer in process. What matters right now is not which coin will ultimately win 20 years down the road, but which coin will be winning during this massive wealth transfer.
And right now bitcoins' rate of adoption is such that for any coin to be a better financial investment (not counting getting lucky with "penny-alts") during this period, it would need to not only grow as fast as bitcoin, but it'd have to grow so fast as to overcome bitcoin's starting lead. I see the rate of adoption of bitcoin being parabolic right now, and so I consider the chance of an alt even matching that (let alone catching up and exceeding that) before the wealth transfer is mostly finished to be very, very low.
However, even if that DID happen, that alt will suddenly have to sort out the same scaling problems bitcoin is dealing with. And it would have to do it FAR, FAR faster than bitcoin is. 
I see the chance of both of these happening as being virtually zero.
After bitcoin has established equilibrium with the current financial system (whatever that ends up meaning), it's anyone's guess how things will proceed, but the immense profit opportunity that we have today will not be present then. I'm not saying it won't appreciate, just that it won't be like this.
**So for the time frame that matters, Bitcoin all the way.**
One more thought, all of the viable alt-coins have chosen something to specialize in. It is my belief that "store of value" is the one most urgently needed right this second by the world. I want bitcoin to be a payment system as well (and I firmly think it will be), but I can always use paypal/visa/etc to solve the payment problem, and I don't have another way to solve problems like: "Hedge against a global credit bubble popping.", "Capital controls on bank accounts", "Systemic devaluation of the currency my country uses" and other fun stuff I see occurring or on the horizon.
Disclaimer: I also own small amounts of Litecoin, because I believe it to be undervalued at the moment, but most of my crypto holdings are in BTC. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:55:04
Would like to strongly second this. I visited Japan ~~last year~~ two years ago, and went to both Tokyo and Kyoto. Both were amazing, but Kyoto is definitely a better place to propose.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:00:42
Thank you for the insight. Good points all around.
But man, don't get so personally stressed when someone else doesn't get something or agree with you, it ends up weakening your point (which is very sound) not strengthening it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:21:24
The trend I feel looks good is it's getting more and more economically viable to use clean power over dirty power. 
Additionally we haven't seen any new coal power plants built for years in my country, and in many parts of the country it is cheaper to build wind or solar plants than anything else (including natural gas).
If we look at the trend of "average global temperature" obviously that trend is highly alarming. If we look at China's coal usage trend, that is also highly alarming.


I do understand what you mean, but Bitcoin is so much more than money. It provides a way for us to socially scale. A way for us to create trust with electricity. A way to define a system wherein participants are voluntary. Where the rules of the system are defined by the greatest consensus of the participants and the enforced by the system itself. I can provide a lot more info on this if you'd like.
Perhaps Proof-of-work (the reason bitcoin can be trust-less, and the reason bitcoin burns so much power) is not be the optimum solution here. I don't know. Ethereum is considering proof-of-stake as an alternate way to go about this that has no such power costs. I have no strong opinion one way or the other here, but if there are other ways this problem can be solved we will find them in time. Perhaps one day proof-of-work would be modified to do something useful, such as perform complicated AI calculations.
Another thing, Bitcoin is currently inflationary and that inflation subsidizes mining. Every time the block reward halves, it will significantly reduce the amount of electricity used by the network.
The amount of electricity spent on mining bitcoin is 100% tied to how much profit is made mining bitcoin. As of the time I wrote this, the last block mined yielded: 12.5 BTC in block rewards and 3.72069208 BTC in fees. In 2020, that 12.5 block reward will get halved. As time passes, it will keep getting halved again and again until it is gone, and the miner income is entirely from fees.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:44:26
Okay so every 2016 blocks, the difficulty gets adjusted based on how fast those 2016 blocks were generated.
So lets say we suddenly lose half of bitcoin's miners, and they do it right after a difficulty adjustment to be as disruptive as possible.
Now, instead of two weeks, it's looking like 4 weeks till the difficulty adjustment. Once the adjustment happens, it fixes itself.
HOWEVER, as soon as the block rate slows down, fees shoot up. While this is not ideal for the user, this is a really good failsafe for the network, because the fees incentivize miners. This makes mining more profitable, and people that wouldn't have mined previously start mining, naturally mitigating the issue automatically.
Many proponents of Bitcoin Cash felt that if they just stole hash power from us one time, the coin would enter a "chain death spiral". However, rising fees make this impossible. (And we got to witness this firsthand during the BCH EDA hash fluctuations)
So all it really causes is inconvenience. The network can handle it in stride, it's just a bit annoying for the users because we have to pay higher fees and wait a little longer for transactions for a couple weeks.
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:28:04
The most approachable way would be to send it to them via coinbase. 
My understanding is you can send it to an email address, and coinbase makes an account redeemable by that email address.
Yes it's off-chain. No they wouldn't control the keys. However, for people with no crypto experience you want to prioritize using a method with the lowest cognitive overhead for them, and the lowest risk. 
Considering the low amounts, and my presumption that most of your family is not particularly technically minded, I would consider the risks of storing the coins on Coinbase lower than the risks of having them handle their own keys (for now at least).
This lets them "have" the bitcoin without having to learn about "that crypto shit". Then, if any of them take a real interest, or start learning more, you can transition them to a form of storage where they are in control of the keys.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:56:51
[To be fair though, the space time continuum one was pretty damn funny.](
But yea I totally agree with you.
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:36:09


Hey can you point me to some news articles about what you're talking about? I'd like to learn more about this.
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:20:25
Yup, rigidly adhering software to it's original design document from almost 10 years ago is insane. Especially when you have since encountering new requirements and problems that were never conceived of originally.
But even if it wasn't silly, they've completely thrown out the whitepaper DAA at this point, which makes the "but mah whitepaper" argument entirely hypocritical. (All that said, I quite like their new DAA. Not saying we should adopt it, just that I think they did a great job with it.)
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:04:31
It obliterates them. 
It will take time, we humans focus on the day to day, or the year to year, and true societal change takes decades. Nonetheless, this has the potential to bring our species together in a way we've never been capable of before.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:49:32
Thank you! :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:42:08
I just want you to know how badly I was hoping I knew what video that link would be.
...And it was, and everything was right in the world.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:29:06


Fucking lul. 
The computers, they tell me things. They speak to me in the quiet hours of the night, whispering horrible things I should do.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:00:27
Well put. I agree with a lot of what you said here. And I definitely agree with the core of your point.
I don't LIKE fees, but a system without fees is unlikely to work. [Similar to your frog example, there are cryptokitties.](
If these didn't exist, people would use the blockchain for an infinite number of other purposes: as a censorship-resistant blog, a way to trade video game items, a censorship free forum, [a place to post lady gaga videos.](
For this reason, even though significantly raising the block size is a wonderful way to alleviate fees in the short term, I see it as rapidly becoming entirely untenable in the long term.
@_date: 2017-12-17 05:21:36
Holy shit. I had not seen that graph. Just... damn.
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:10:02
Very interesting! Thank you!
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:46:29
My favorite on on this list is actually a different one.
Most of the things on the list describe an occurrence, something specific, something "happening". Things like "Bitcoin crashes", "inflation rate goes up", "US equity market correction", and then sitting there at  we have simply:
"North Korea"
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:09:27
It's not a stupid question at all, although I imagine it's not well received in this subreddit. That concept is specifically mentioned in a recent speech from the Fed (by Randal K. Quarles), in which he says:


So yes, you are right in that it's not backed by either some asset or government. "It's not the liability of any institution", and that renders it outside of and foreign to a lot of modern economic theory and current economic systems. So from the perspective of existing systems, Bitcoin is practically nonsequitor, and it would be easy to look at it and see it as entirely worthless. This is one of the major reasons why it has taken nearly 9 years to get to this point.
However, if you really take the time to get down into the root concepts of wealth, money, currency, and value, you may realize that bitcoin is actually the most pure form of money that has ever existed.
What gives anything value? What is value? 
If nobody in the world wants to live in a particular area, what is the value of the land and real-estate there? If nobody wants a thing, that thing has no value, regardless of if it's backed by an asset or not. Regardless of if it is an "asset" or some intangible collection of bits that you don't even have, you just technically have the password that lets you spend them.
Does the Dollar have value because it's backed by the government? Indirectly, but not actually because the government says so, because the all of the people that will accept dollars in exchange for of goods or services. It's exact value is not what the government says its value is (and trying force otherwise just causes shortages and other issues), the value is what someone will give me for it, because they know they can give it to someone else to redeem an equivalent amount of value.
No government backs bitcoin. However, when someone says bitcoin is not backed by anything, they are actually a little bit naive.
I back bitcoin. I would absolutely accept bitcoin in exchange for some good or service I provided. So do millions of other people across the world, and that number is growing exponentially. 
It's one thing to look at 10,000 people owning bitcoin, granting it value, and say "pfft, that's not really backed by anything". But we now have over 25 million bitcoin users. That is over 25 million people who say "bitcoin has value". That statement is a self-fufilling prophecy. We back bitcoin. Bitcoin is backed by our willingness to accept it in exchange for something of value.
25 million is far more than the population of many, many countries that issue their own currency.
Now it's also worth talking about how much trust, and how FAR that backing goes. Are all of those 25 million people still going to back bitcoin if the price drops to half it's current value? Definitely not. However, some will. I will. 
If the price drops back down to 1000 a coin, I will still back bitcoin, because of what it can do for the world (although I would certainly be very sad). There are others like me, and we back bitcoin. Because of the potential for this technology, many people (such as myself) who get into bitcoin become evangelists for it. Bitcoin is backed by every single person who considers it to be worth value.
Bitcoin is the first money at scale made by the people for the people. The first system of money that can service large amounts of people wherein the rules of the money itself are entirely written by the participants. If you don't like the rules of bitcoin? Change the software that defines its rules. Convince the maintainers of the software to include your changes, or fork the coin and convince users that your Bitcoin is better.
Bitcoin is financial freedom. When the shit hits the fan, and Greece takes a haircut from everyone's bank accounts, and implements capital controls, bitcoin stands on the sidelines, reminding everyone it doesn't have to be like this.
When your bank freezes your account due to a tax mixup, but then refuses to unfreeze it or let you get back your funds for almost a full year after you handle the tax issue, bitcoin sits there on the sidelines, reminding you that you could actually own and control your money if you wanted to. (This is not hypothetical, this happened to my GF last year)
When wages stagnate and wealth consolidates such that the middle class almost vanishes in the US, [when most of the worlds money is in fucking derivatives instead of anything that actually means something or adds value to the world...]( bitcoin stands on the sidelines, promising that it doesn't have to be this way.
When a country is losing a war, the country will debase it's own money to try and win the war. While this may be good for the country in the short run, in the long run this is terrible for the system of money. This is terrible for future generations. It also sets a precedent and establishes a system wherein to compete, you have to do so by putting the present at the cost of the future.
Bitcoin is not backed by any major institution. **This is not a flaw. This is WHY Bitcoin matters.** Bitcoin matters because it doesn't need to be backed by governments, banks, or assets. It frees us such that we can exchange wealth with each other devoid of systemic manipulation and exploitation.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:07:49
While I absolutely agree that consumerism and over-consumption significantly contributes to the problem, I felt certain that your explanation is missing crucial factors and that your conclusion is incorrect.
However, over the last couple hours, using the objective metrics I can find, I seem to be unable to prove my opinion, or disprove yours.
Which, of course, means I need to do far more research and then reconsider my conclusions. Hah!
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:30:05
Good observation. It is because there is typically a gap between the buy and sell order prices, and the dashbord price displayed is the median between the buy and sell prices.
Here is the answer from a member of Coinbase support:
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:55:56
100% agree with everything you've said.
I am glad they have now confirmed it though.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:22:23
Honestly I strongly suspect LN + Atomic Swaps will significantly increase the value of litecoin over the next year or so. 
However, I would keep the majority of your crypto assets in Bitcoin, of course.
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:56:13
The best way learn that would be to talk to them directly! :) 
While my overall opinion of is rather poor (it's more about being anti than it is about being pro Bitcoin Cash), there are many people there who are happy to try and help you understand their point of view, as long as you are polite and treat them with respect. 
As a general statement, when I have earnest conversation with "the opposition" I typically find I have far more in common with them than I expect, even if I don't agree with their conclusions or methods (and this holds true whether we are talking about Bitcoin Cash, Trump Supporters, or any other polarized subject).
All that said, I'm happy to summarize my understanding of their viewpoint while trying to be as unbiased as I can. It goes without saying, but none of this reflects my own ideas or beliefs.
So my understanding is they believe that the core Bitcoin client has been infiltrated and taken over by the corporate entity Blockstream. Blockstream has patients on the subject of side-chains. The belief is that Blockstream/Core has generated massive amounts of propaganda discrediting the idea of on-chain scaling. The idea is that there are no real reasons raising the block size is bad, but by forcibly keeping the block size small, fees shoot through the roof. This will create a massive artificial demand which can then be alleviated by for-profit centralized solutions Blockstream creates based on their side-chain patents.
A quote from someone I spoke to on the subject:


This ties into several other things to make a narrative that many find compelling. 
* There was no block size cap originally, and when it was implemented, Satoshi explained a way to easily raise it later.
* They believe hard forks aren't a big deal, and it's more Blockstream propaganda.
* They believe is heavily censored, and that messages made against Blockstream/Core/Small Blocks are censored by moderators and will be removed. 
A quote from someone else I talked to on this subject (in response to me making a comment about how I had to walk on eggshells in &gt; Which is wholly disagreeable and hopefully won't last. This is a feeling many people, including myself, have had when using those Blockstream channels such as rbitcoin. The feeling is indescribably unpleasant and frankly intolerable. I think it was necessary to establish this here, simply because Blockstream / Core are at 'war' with the rest of the community: having them censor their own channels while roaming around freely on other subs, drowning everything in noise, created a very uneven field of play and an insurmountable propaganda advantage. It is one of the factors that allowed them to kill debates around initiatives such as BU, Bictoin Classic and XT and will enable them to do the same to Bitcoin Cash and S2X if we allow them. It is unfortunately critically important to level the playing field. But it is bad, not what any of us should be engaging in or being subjected to.
Anyways, I think that sums up most of it. If you want me to break down my appraisal of the truth/fallacy of any particular point, let me know.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:45:44
Wouldn't loyalty in this context be loyalty to the system I was exiting from?
Loyalty representing the idea that the government would improve things over time, incentivising voice over exit?
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:23:31
Interesting, I didn't know that either.


CEO &amp; IT Architect  Founder of world's first  pool  and the first Bitcoin HW wallet  Profile reflects personal opinions.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:10:48


What is the legality of this? It's not like the money is ON the device, just the password.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:35:35
It's like waiting in the line, getting on the coaster, it starts moving... and then now its over and you have to get off. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:37:33
Also not an acct/lawyer, but my understanding is mostly in line with what you said.
The only thing I'd like to add is if you trade one currency for another that creates a taxable event to my knowledge.
So if you convert your Bitcoin to Litecoin, that is a taxable event.
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:36:52
Yup happy to help! I would highly recommend reading Charlie Lee's statement on the future of Litecoin. I think it has a significant use to Synergize with BTC, so it's the only alt-coin I have invested money in currently.
Now all that said, I would still recommend keeping most of your crypto investments in BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:40:48
Nobody knows!
But my guess is something along the lines of the great depression.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:19:24
I'm not sure that's strictly fair. To evaluate it, lets consider a hypothetical.
If the United States government infiltrated bitcoin, gained full admin powers over the main bitcoin repository, and removed the coin limit, and added the ability for the Federal Reserve to inflation the amount of bitcoins as much as they wanted, and we forked off bitcoin to save it, would it be wrong of us to say "our bitcoin is the real bitcoin?"
What if they had majority and wall street pumped the "fed bitcoin" to the point it was worth 10x as much as ours and had 10x the hashing power (because hash power follows price)?
I feel in that situation, I would absolutely claim that my bitcoin was the real bitcoin. Because of that, even if I utterly disagree with their narrative, I can't fault the Bitcoin Cash crowd for feeling that way and making that claim.
By and large, they believe that Bitcoin has been taken over by Blockstream and has abandoned the core values of Bitcoin. I believe they are utterly wrong, and will regret their decision in time, but from their point of view, a claim like "we are the real bitcoin" seems entirely valid to me.
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:25:37
I do agree with you.
It's worth mentioning we're rapidly reaching a point where it's more cost effective to build renewable energy power plants, independent of the positive environmental impact and tax credits.
Obviously we have a long ways to go still, but the trends look good, even if they aren't progressing as fast as I want.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:12:11
Yes that is true.
For the sake of completeness though, I'd like to comment that if that happened BCH would just raise the block cap again. This is their solution to the scaling problem. Any time fees rise this will be done again and again and again. 
Eventually it will break down, and the cost of using such a scaling methodology would be apparent, but it would be quite some time before that happened.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:30:49
Yea I have no issue with them batching transactions, I was actually really surprised they didn't.
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:22:47
Sweet, thanks! No rush. :)
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:01:18
Yes, but it's not a wallet where you control your keys. This distinction is part of why bitcoin is needed at all.
If your bitcoins are in a Coinbase account, you don't *technically* have any bitcoin. What you actually have is an IOU that Coinbase will give you a certain amount of Bitcoin if you ask for them. And that IOU is not backed by FDIC insurance, so in theory if Coinbase was hacked and BTC stolen (or if they go out of business), your coins may be gone.
The significance of this is that this situation has happened multiple times. Mt. GOX is the most notable example. BTC-e is a secondary example.
Now in practice, Coinbase keeps most of their coins in cold storage, and IIRC has insurance for the "hot" coins. It seems safe to me. So... yes, ultimately you are just looking at different risks.
If someone is keeping $200 of bitcoin, in my opinion they might as well leave it on Coinbase. If one has 50k of bitcoin, and is technically competent I would strongly recommend they look into other options.
@_date: 2017-12-13 08:00:45
Totally agree!
@_date: 2018-09-24 23:05:05
With the disclaimer of "I don't know, nobody can know at this point", it will coincide with the start of the next recession. Currently, signs point to 2020 as the best guess.
I personally take that to mean that late 2019 is the most likely, as I expect it to happen a bit sooner than whenever people think it will (no matter when that is).
I would caution you about looking forward to this even though. I suspect we're talking about losing a decade this time around.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:05:08
Wow, great article. Very insightful.
I think you're right on the money about the coming civil war on the subject of inflation and the 21 million coin cap. I thought of it as a possibility, but that it was inevitable hadn't occurred to me.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:03:00
Yes that's exactly my thinking.
Sounds good to me. Happy to help!
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:07:46
Right? It's the exact same bullshit they've been peddling, just wrapped with a different color bow.
@_date: 2018-08-13 21:41:16


Not to split hairs here, but teeeechnically we *have* turned lead into gold. 
Obviously not quite what Newton had in mind, but it is something that we've done in minute quantities. 
I do agree with the message of your post, though.
@_date: 2018-08-13 21:52:24
Bingo. Surprised I had to scroll so far down to find this.
@_date: 2018-05-08 20:42:09
I'd be interested in seeing the results when you are done.
@_date: 2018-05-10 00:26:06
For what it's worth: 
@_date: 2018-05-23 19:09:47
Yup, looks pretty straightforward. Especially with the other guy's correction to your math, that puts the number of recent blocks to this address about in line with the % of the hash rate BTC.com has. Certainly within normal fluctuations.
As far as how I determined they owned the address, I don't know of any list per se, but many pools will take credit for the blocks they mine by encoding information into the block itself, so if you go to say blockchain.info, for each block you can see if the miner of that block if they chose to identify themselves. 
Since the transactions you were pointing out were all rewards from mining a block, that means that whoever mined each of those blocks owned that address. I looked up the blocks those transactions were from, and in each case those blocks were "claimed" by BTC.com.
For instance, here is the last block mined by BTC.com.
Notice the block reward goes to the address you posted.
@_date: 2018-05-21 18:20:15
Scam is a strong word. It might perhaps be more accurate to call it an ideological schism that misrepresents itself.
BCH (Bitcoin Cash) is a fork of Bitcoin. A group of people disagreed with the priorities of bitcoin. They changed Bitcoin (as anyone can do) to have new rules. This is actually a good thing, as the freedom to do this is what makes Bitcoin so powerful. This changed Bitcoin now exists as a second, competing chain, known is Bitcoin Cash.
However, after doing this some of the major proponents of BCH have utilized a great deal of information warfare to try and convince people that their bitcoin fork was the "real Bitcoin". This is most prevalent on Bitcoin.com, which is primarily a Bitcoin Cash site, not a Bitcoin site.
This action pisses off a lot of people that disagree with them. 
My person opinion is they are absolutely not the "real" Bitcoin. They are an alternative bitcoin, and that's fine, but they are not "my" bitcoin.
I have three grounds on which to make this statement.
1. Price. The market price is one of the best ways we have of measuring how much people consider Bitcoin Cash to be the real bitcoin. The market has ruled it is not the "real Bitcoin".
2. Hash Power. This is the metric I've seen most claimed as the "acid test" by supporters of BCH. However, even by their own metric (which I'm not a huge fan of), Bitcoin is the "real Bitcoin", as it has the highest amount of accumulated hash power. 
3. My own subjective interpretation of the ideals and values of the Bitcoin project. I am of the mind that BCH does not hold true to the most important ideals of the project, focusing on short term convenience over long term sustainability.
@_date: 2018-05-09 23:56:32
I'm sure (with the number of customers they have had) you can find someone who has had a problem with them, but I have never had any issues with using Coinbase. 
I use it for my purchases, and recommend it as a good approachable point for new people to get into the crypto space.
As far as **storing** your coins on Coinbase: 
All jokes aside, for someone with very little tech knowledge, leaving your Bitcoin on Coinbase is probably the safest option. For someone who is not intimidated by computers, a hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger would be a far better option, and for those with significant tech skills, a paper wallet is probably the safest option.
@_date: 2018-08-13 22:23:43
For sure! It's pretty neat stuff, even if entirely unfeasible as a way of producing gold.
@_date: 2018-05-22 18:30:19
I applaud your intentions, even if we disagree on how to move forward. I strive to educate people on the subject, on both sides, and try to help people understand each other. Even where I disagree with BCH supporters, I have taken the time to go and speak with them to try and understand their position. When someone here asks about it, I do my best to try and present an unbiased view of their beliefs.
I heavily object to the information warfare, the polarization of our communities, and the "us vs them" mentality. 
Despite this, I don't see the formation of separate groups as being negative like you do. It's not pleasant, certainly, but when both groups were stuck together it was even worse. Neither group got what they wanted. Big blockers had to suffer under high fees that they felt were a betrayal to the project. Small blockers were unable to get Segwit activated to try and alleviate congestion or implement a layer two solution. It wasn't good for anyone.
Now that the minority has forked itself off, both groups get what they want and people may move freely between the two ideologies. More importantly, with time we now we get to see which is right. We get to see which is better.
At the end of the day, I firmly believe in the way Bitcoin has been managed so far. I believe this is the correct way, and the methods employed by BCH will lead to their doom in time. Many supporters of BCH believe believe the reverse of this.
To me, the idea of "compromising" in this case would be akin to cutting off my own foot so that the fellow in a wheelchair doesn't resent me as much. Many supporters of BCH feel similarly. Imagine trying to convince BCH to adopt segwit as a compromise. It's just not happening. You'll get chased out of with pitchforks and called a troll.
I do not see the value of unity as exceeding the importance of keeping the project true to its ideals.
Embrace the chaos of it. In my mind, the most incredible revolution started by Bitcoin is not blockchain, or even peer to peer money, but rather this method of governance. This manner of reaching consensus among people. This method of having our ideas fight each other economically. Where everyone can have the rules they want, and instead of having to kill or subjugate our opposition, the systems coexist and compete in the open market. It is the most pure form of democracy we've seen yet. We're not used to it yet, and the chaos of it makes it scary, but this a huge step forward for humanity. 
[There will be many more schisms to come.]( The big one that will come later will make this disagreement look like children arguing over legos. We need to stick steadfastly to our ideals now, or we won't stand a chance when it actually gets hard. I expect and desire that BCH supporters do the same. Only when time and the market have given a verdict on the long-term viability of the different approaches will people gradually reconsider. And at that point we'll know more about the true ramifications and effects of each philosophy.
Bitcoin is now too large to be a single homogeneous group. It will never again be harmonious and single-minded like it used to be. After reaching a certain size, it was inevitable that people would disagree about how to move forward, especially as there is no leader. Satoshi had the wisdom to leave the project so that it could truly become by the people for the people. And people want different things.
This is okay. We need to get used to disagreeing with each other. We need to learn that it's okay for other people to strongly believe we are wrong. It's even okay to be wrong. Now, when a person realizes they are wrong, they can immediately switch sides.
We can now vote for the system we want economically. Even the "losing" side gets the system they want. The competition between these systems will make the "winners" stronger as they go through successive permutations. Bitcoin will mutate and compete through survival of the fittest as we slowly determine what is really needed by our species at this time.
It's going to take a lot of getting used to. But I'm really excited about it.
@_date: 2018-05-19 00:06:42
Totally agree. "Not selling" is different than "not spending".
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:46:34
As I said previously, everyone benefits from sound money. Democrat or Republican alike. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 20:37:39


person can be considered in custody for purposes of Miranda should be interpreted in light of the strong government interest in controlling [our nations] borders. 
Fuck everything about this. Rights aren't rights only when it's convenient for the governing body.
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:06:32
It'd be pretty cool if we had a LN tip bot at some point.
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:34:23
None of that is in any way relevant to our conversation right now, which could be simply expressed as "hey don't alienate your allies".
But I guess you are making your stance clear. You are anti-liberal far more than you are pro-Bitcoin, so perhaps the mistake was mine in assuming you understood how important Bitcoin is to our future. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 20:36:35


That's my question as well. 
My understanding is that information cannot be legally be forced from the person, although I know of at least one case of someone being held in jail indefinitely for not giving up his passwords.
@_date: 2018-05-21 20:40:20


Good for you. You are free to believe whatever you want. At no point in this have I challenged your political views. I have simply maintained that mine are different. I really don't care what you choose to believe. 
Are **my** beliefs somehow threatening to you? If so, you may want to spend some time introspecting and identifying why. And that suggestion goes regardless of if one leans left or right.


As a general guideline, one should avoid this kind of wide-sweeping statement. There is tremendous breadth and depth to human opinions, systems, and beliefs. For someone to claim that they know how half of the country thinks proves that they do not comprehend the scale of what they talk about.


Nope. You are allowed to speak the way you do because that freedom is protected by the first amendment. It has nothing to do with your specific message. That's why it's so important.
Just as you are free to spread your message, I am equally free to call you on it. It is my right to object to blanket statements that unnecessarily alienate allies. Especially on a subject as important as Bitcoin. 


I never once made an appeal to niceness. I'm pointing out the effects of your actions. You would do well to consider them more carefully.
@_date: 2018-05-21 18:11:44
Okay so lets start from a different approach.
Fundamentally, miners are processing transactions. They process transactions and secure the network against attacks. As payment for this service, the network awards them Bitcoins. Every single bitcoin comes from this. They aren't "Free" they are payment to incentivize miners to secure the network.
Some people desire Bitcoins. There are a lot of reasons for this: to use as money, to store value, to hedge against monetary policy, and many more reasons.
Exchanges exist to facilitate trade between people who have bitcoins and wish to sell, and those who have more traditional money and wish to buy. This is not really different than something like Forex, it's just newer and as such less regulated so far. 


It's volatile because the price is wrong. It's that simple. Regardless of if the price was higher than the actual value or lower. In my opinion the true value of a Bitcoin is much higher than it's current value. Some feel the same as me, some feel differently. Either way it's only volatile because we don't know how much it's really worth yet. When it's true value is more apparent (either as a positive or as a negative) the volatility will decrease.


The exact identity of the original creator is unknown yes. However, Bitcoin has grown substantially from what was originally created by Satoshi. His absence is a boon, not a negative, as it has allowed Bitcoin to grow into a group effort. It's the first monetary system truely by the people, for the people. A system where the users determine the rules, and the system itself enforces them.


Sure. But this is not fundamentally different than any other system. Laws are written by politicians you may not know or trust. Laws are enforced by policemen you may not know or trust. The software that runs your email is likely written by developers you might not know or trust. 
Unlike most similar things, all the source code is open source. Most people will not be able to utilize that, but the fact that it can be looked at by anyone, and is worked on by many people lends itself to a more trustworthy state. 
It's not perfect, but it's a lot more trustworthy than a closed door, for-profit organization determining the monetary policy of the entire country, without even being audited by our congress. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:09:57
If it splits, you instantly own one of the original and one of the new. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 22:21:07
A great read. Thank you for linking this, I hadn't seen it before.
@_date: 2018-05-25 20:28:40
Lol. 
Everyone, lets all agree that px403 should give us all his money.
Then when he doesn't we'll accuse him of lies, deception, and of breaking the agreement.
@_date: 2018-05-23 20:28:06
Naw, it was a good question. It sparked my interest enough to try and figure it out.
Happy to help. Take care.
@_date: 2018-08-13 22:20:20
Regardless of the truth or fallacy of your opinions, It's not enough to just say "You're wrong!" 
Not only do you provide no counter argument, no data, and not even a clarification on WHAT parts of this analysis you think are bullshit, but in the tiny few words you did say, you go straight to appeal to authority.
You might as well argue against climate change or evolution by saying "As a scientist I would say BS." Well good for you, but unless you are going to either provide data to disprove his statements, provide some form of logical reasoning why you think his premises are wrong, or provide an explanation of your proposed alternative, you are contributing nothing helpful to the discussion.
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:28:12
I hear what you are saying, but I strongly disagree with any effort to merge the chains back together.
If any group disagrees with how Bitcoin operates, they are free to change it. That is the power of the system. If they make that change and it is against the larger consensus, they fork themselves off. Anybody may change Bitcoin for themselves, but nobody on Earth can change Bitcoin for me. This is such a powerful idea.
The people that supported Bitcoin Cash chose to do this willingly. This is their right. I support that they stood up for what they believed in.
However, I also believe they act in a very short-signed manner, and must now live with their decisions. They are welcome to come back to Bitcoin any time they want to. We are also free to go to them if we so chose. 
Years of impasse were brought about by both groups being stuck together. Now that they are separate from us we can each progress towards the future we envision for Bitcoin. The market reflects our decisions about which future is more viable.
We are entering the very start of a new era. In this new system, we ultimately vote on monetary policy by choosing what forks we support with our money. 
Speaking strictly for myself, I vote against big blocks. I vote against just about everything BCH stands for and does. I vote against what, to me, is the idea that the miners have any say in governance. I vote against the idea that a blockchain could possible scale to what we need 100% on chain. I vote against the idea that Segwit is some scary danger. I vote against the idea that Blockstream is some evil corporate entity that somehow controls Bitcoin. 
I have yet to see anything about what that chain does that I would like brought into Bitcoin.
There will be more schisms to come. There will be more decisions to be made. I wish our wayward son good luck, he may come home any time he likes. I turn my eyes forward, not backwards. I'm excited about the lightning network, improvements in privacy, and other interesting developments forward. I am not interested in trying to force a reconciliation with a group that felt they had to leave.
@_date: 2018-05-21 20:06:02
I would identify as a liberal, absolutely. Less so for the other two boxes you seem to want to pigeonhole me in.
I also wholeheartedly support Bitcoin. Sound money benefits liberals and conservatives alike. Socialists and Libertarians. 
"PC attitude"? That wasn't what I was doing at all. If you'd like a less cordial conversation, I can certainly oblige. 
In general it makes a person look foolish when they drop reason from their debate and immediately delve into veiled Ad Hominem attacks. You will find yourself much more convincing when you instead attack the ideas of your opponents.
You and I may disagree on things like social wellfare, and tax policy, but we seem to agree strongly on the need for sound money, and thus on the subject of Bitcoin you and I are on the same side.
Or rather we would be, if you weren't unnecessarily alienating what amounts to about half of the country for no good reason.
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:40:07
There is something important here I haven't seen anyone explain yet.
When a new block is mined, there is no native way to tell who mined it. We have absolutely zero way of knowing with absolute certainty who mined any given block. Period.
However, most miners identify themselves in the block itself, socially claiming credit for it. This is where those pie charts come from. 
In practice, I could mine a block, and give credit to an existing pool, even though they had nothing to do with it. Conversely, I could mine a block and not provide any identifying information, and we would have no way of knowing who mined it.
@_date: 2018-05-18 22:12:51
Well said. I fully agree.
@_date: 2018-08-17 21:31:00
Oh, I know. I do recognize the hypocrisy you point out, and I do have opinions about it.
However, you are bringing up bible verses as a method with which to evaluate morality. This leads me to suspect that we would approach this discussion from such different angles that it didn't seem likely that the conversation would be productive. I suspect we have very different methods for determining truth, and so didn't feel inclined to bring up my opinions on the subject. I am willing to discuss it, but I had nothing I needed to say to you at that time.
I did, however, feel a burning urge to share that joke, of which I am very fond. So I did. :)
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:47:52
IOTA doesn't claim to be a blockchain, making it irrelevant to this article?
I know nothing of VEN, and cannot speak to that.
There is a narrative I've seen repeated ad nauseam, which boils down to the idea that "blockchain" is the real invention, and Bitcoin is just some &lt;insert negative thing here&gt;. It's a way of trying to explain the hype without having to buy in to the Bitcoin narrative.
This article debates against this point of view, and I think the author pretty much nails it. There are some neat applications for blockchain (Bitcoin being the  example), but many proposed uses for blockchain are just less efficient ways of doing things we already know how to do. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 22:40:13
I love this series. Can't wait for part 3.
@_date: 2018-05-29 21:40:42
Part 2 for anyone interested: 
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:38:30
I fully agree with that tweet, even if it's not related to our conversation at all.
You might be surprised to hear that I would have voted for Ron Paul had he been the Republican candidate. I also would have voted for Bernie Sanders had he been the Democratic candidate.
Perhaps you don't understand people or politics as much as you think you do.
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:55:40
Minor correction. Assuming we are talking about USD, 12 Satoshis make up a about 1/10th of a penny.
120 satoshis would be about a penny right now. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 18:32:26


As someone fits into this immensely broad net you just threw out I'd like to point out that sound money benefits us all. 
Assuming that because someone disagrees with you they are &lt;insert opposition group here&gt; is incredibly ignorant. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 18:52:34
Looks like that address is owned by the mining pool BTC.com.
Nothing seems fishy about this to me. They are currently the largest pool I believe.
@_date: 2018-05-31 20:14:56
Right? Have you seen their website that visualizes transactions as cars? It's clearly intended to be anti-bitcoin propaganda, but it makes me laugh so much because it ends up showing an appropriately sized bitcoin road with a healthy amount of use, and a GIGANTIC BITCOIN CASH ROAD with nobody on it.
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:54:06
I honestly wasn't sure if it was real or not until I got to the "Lintrolling" part, lol. Quality satire.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:01:58
Happy to help!
A couple more things to add.
**Don't panic.** 
Don't buy because "OH GOD THE PRICE IS GOING UP".
Don't sell because "OH GOD THE PRICE IS GOING DOWN".
Learn about the technology. Find out what it does better than cash. Find out how it is currently inferior to cash. Decide if you feel it will have an important role in the future economy of the world. If you feel it will then invest in it, and invest intending to leave it in for years, regardless of the month to month price fluctuation. 
Bitcoin (and cryptocurrency in general) has a higher technical barrier to comprehension than most other investments of this nature. This means either you have to learn about it yourself, or you have to find someone who's opinion's you trust.
It's important not to get caught up into the momentum of what people think you should do. It's important not to make decisions based on fear of missing out. It's important not to panic and make decisions. 
**Don't invest more than you are willing to lose.**
In my case I was on the fence for a long time about bitcoin. As I came to understood the technology more, I felt it had to grow massively in the future. What finally pushed me into investing was the following:
* I weighed how much I would regret not investing if things played out like I expected.
* I weighed how much I would regret investing if it went completely opposite to my expectations. 
In my case, I found I could live with losing all of my investment a lot easier than I could live with not acting on my predictions for the future. So I decided to invest.
You should consider these points and why you want to invest to help arrive at a solid, calm, analytical conclusion of how to proceed forward with your money. 
Good luck! Welcome to bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-10-16 21:00:38
Look, I hear you.
I am aware of where my views differ from many other BTC supporters, and that is why I strive to educate when I talk about it in my posts here. 
Despite the people who have made a push for this, I am of the mind that the number of people who understand the dangers of going down that road are of sufficient number to prevent such a change from being accepted.
If this changes at some point, I will speak out against it, but so far we've managed to keep our system free and open.
As BTC gets bigger, there will always be incentives to change every part of the project. Eventually, there will be a massive push to remove the 21 million coin limit. This fight will split the community even more violently than the block size limit debate did.
Obviously, I will fight to keep that coin limit. But at the end of the day lets not forget Bitcoin's most powerful feature.
Anyone may change the Bitcoin network any way they want. Nobody may change it for others (unless they are using some kind of custodial account, but those people don't *really* own any Bitcoin). Nobody but me may change how MY bitcoin works. If you own bitcoin, nobody but you may change how YOUR bitcoin works.
The shit-show around such a decision may be really unpleasant for us humans, and it is utterly foreign to us as a method of resolving disagreements, but to me it is the most beautiful thing about the whole bitcoin project. I don't support Bitcoin Cash at all, and yet the creation of it proves that even if we disagree to the point of breaking apart, we can all get the Bitcoin that works how we want, and the markets will vote on the relative value of each option. Yes there were many social attacks to further one side or the other, but we also witnessed an amazing democratic consensus emerging from the markets. Order out of chaos.
It's not something to be fought against, but something to be embraced. In time, this method of determining consensus will come to permeate all aspects of human life. It is a new way to socially scale human groups, and it's gonna be a wild ride.
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:37:14
All you are going to get is opinion, really. That said, here is my opinion:


I think it's very safe long term. Short term will be unpredictable. It may shoot up to 15k, it may crash down to 3k. Who knows. I fully expect bitcoin to be worth FAR more than it is now in a few years.


A government can make laws that say you can't use bitcoin, sure. The problem is it has so much momentum now. It is a single global unifying currency that transcends any country. Any country that bans it's use for its citizens only hurts itself significantly as the bitcoin momentum carries it forward. In time I fully believe all currencies will be compared to bitcoin, instead of comparing bitcoin to current currencies. As we get closer to that point it will get more and more insane for a country to hobble itself by banning it's use.


So the bitcoin network itself is incredibly safe. If you have control of your private keys, stored in a secure manner, you have absolutely nothing to worry about. If you keep your private keys safe, the entire country you live in could collapse around you, and your money would be safe.
If you leave your coins on an exchange, you are trusting that exchange to be honest, and to continue existing. If the exchange fails or goes down due to corruption, you run the risk of losing all your money.
If you have control of your keys but don't manage them in a way that keeps them safe, you could lose all your money easily, but it would be you that was hacked, not bitcoin. (Example, lets say you have a software wallet, your coins are stored in there, and your computer gets infected by malware. It steals your private key, and the bitcoins are now no longer yours. You cannot get them back, period.)
Not trying to scare you, it's very manageable, but you should know the risks. More and more regulation is being required for many exchanges. While this does have some negatives, it also improves how "trustworthy" the exchange is, and lessens the chance of something bad happening to money left on that exchange.
So if you want to own bitcoins, you will have to do one of two things. Either pick an exchange to trust, and trust them to keep your coins safe, or do a lot of research. Learn how bitcoin works, and what you'd have to do to keep your own coins safe. Look into hardware wallets or paper wallets. If you feel you can keep your keys safe, then manage them yourself.
So what risk exists is all 100% in your control. If you educate yourself and make good decisions, there is very little risk. If you are unwilling or unable to do that, you will have to trust someone else to do it for you, so choice who to trust wisely.
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:53:47


So this kind of question comes up a lot. The issue is you are thinking of a bitcoin as a traditional "coin", rather than as a unit of worth (like a dollar, or pound). A bitcoin can be split into up to 100,000,000 units. This "smallest unit" is called a ["satoshi"]( Each of these units behaves exactly the same as a full bitcoin would, it's just a smaller amount of currency.
Currently 1 satoshi is worth $0.0000476256 (USD). So even if there isn't enough "bitcoins" for everyone to own a full bitcoin, people could easily own "portions" of a bitcoin, which function exactly the same as "a" bitcoin. Bitcoin could surge to one hundred times it's current value, and a satoshi would still be worth less than half of one cent (USD).
@_date: 2017-08-31 19:20:14
Sounds like you approaching this in all the right ways!
My only other thought is be very very careful when investing in alt-coins. (Non-bitcoin cryptocurrencies). I imagine the majority of them will be worth very little in the long run. Part of my investment is in Etherium as a hedge, but my personal assessment is that bitcoin is going to go mainstream faster than the other coins can catch up, and bitcoin can change over time to incorporate some improvements from other coins. So as with bitcoin, if you are going to invest in alt-coins research them heavily as well. Many of them completely miss the reasons bitcoin is going to be successful, and are more an attempt to digitize current power systems than to improve money for the better.
@_date: 2017-08-29 20:53:55
Looks like I figured it out. The mempool didn't actually clear, the node that graph comes from was rebooted. From what I can tell that clears the mempool. 
This node shows no sudden changes:
So I guess nothing actually happened.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:14:01


That is true. Particularly if blocks aren't currently full, that empty space is really cheap to occupy/spam. 
I agree with your overall sentiment, (although I don't wish physical harm to Roger) but I would point out that some things are inevitable. Water always flows downhill. There will always be an amount of spam equal to the value gained from the spam minus the cost of spamming. I think of this as a consequence to Bitcoin being censorship proof. 
Anyone may transact at any time for any reason. No permission needed. We certainly should use social means to fight off social attacks, but the freedom to make those attacks is one of the important parts of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:18:11
Human beings rarely agree about how to proceed on any given subject. Through our collective opinions, discussion, and experimentation we will find the best paths forward.
I am aware that many (potentially even most) members of the BTC community do not share my views on "spam transactions". That's why I'm talking about them here, to share my views with others, that they may influence some small part of the whole.
If a serious movement is started to block classes of transactions, I will assess what I can about the pros and cons of such a movement, and do the same thing I am doing now, attempting to assess the situation with as little bias as I can, and calmly teach and learn.


High fees and long confirmations will eventually become an inevitability. As a technology, blockchain scales like crap by it's very nature. This is the trade-off paid for its trust-less nature.
A great deal of work is being put into mitigating this, and seeking alternate methods to leverage the trustless nature of bitcoin for transactions without risking the core principles. Lightning is a good prototype example of this kind of thinking.
If it ends up working well (as I think it will), we'll have a better idea of how to proceed in the future. But even if it somehow failed completely, we'd learn from that too, and keep looking for solutions that do not compromise the peer-to-peer nature of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:21:57
You should look into IOTA. It is somewhat similar to what you propose here.
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:20:27
I really like this. Thank you.
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:59:06
In my opinion it goes in waves. I did see a surge, but of course this is an anecdotal observation of mine.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:01:07
Oh definitely. 
I think the "high transaction fees" is not accurate at all. It was certainly accurate at the end of last year. There was a lot more FOMO, and less batching of transactions, coupled with lower segwit adoption, so fees were getting pretty high.
However, that has been resolved for the moment, and progress is being made to expand throughput in the future. 
Yet the narrative of people like Ver has not changed. They keep claiming high fees high fees when for months the fees have been about identical between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.
If there aren't problems with Bitcoin, then Bitcoin Cash has no purpose. Thus, it is in their financial interest to make it look like there are major problems with Bitcoin at all times.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:07:22
Great questions all around. I also always check the mempool before making a transaction (shout out to [joehoe](
So the first thing I should explain is there isn't actually a global mempool. Every node has a separate independent mempool. When you go to a site that shows "the" mempool, it's actually displaying the mempool for that particular node. Now under low load, this doesn't really matter much, because the nodes broadcast to each other, and share the transactions, and there doesn't tend to be much variance.
However, under heavy load, you can start to have more variance because each node can decide to keep or discard your transaction as it sees fit. Some nodes have less memory than others, so lower fee transactions could get bumped out early for those nodes. 
In practice, transactions are commonly dropped after 2 weeks. However, this isn't a hard limit. It's theoretically possible for a node to still be hanging on to that transaction, and get it processed. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:22:28
Happy to help!
One last thought. If you do get a transaction stuck, one way to resolve it is to deliberately double-spend.
In my case my wallet makes the funds available again after 3 days. If I spend those same funds in a different transaction (and include a higher fee), once that second transaction has cleared, the first transaction inherently becomes invalid, and will not clear ever. 
I had to learn all of this because I had a transaction near the end of last year hang. I made a donation to Andreas. I included a low fee because it was not urgent. About a week later, I tried to buy something with bitcoin. My wallet had considered the transaction null, as 3 days had passed. However, the bitpay server still had that old transaction with low fee (which had yet to clear). This new transaction attempted to spend the same funds as the old one, which caused issues with Bitpay.
This resulted in a lot of confusion (and a tiny bit of panic, lol) when my wallet started showing different things than other block-chain explorers. 
The situation necessitated some reasearch into how it works. And once I understood it, it's actually pretty elegant, it's just unituitive at first, and it's never fun to have money in an indeterminate state.
In this case, once the second transaction (me buying something) went through, it invalidated the first transaction, and everything figured itself out at that point. I just had to resubmit the donation. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:08:05
So I think "yes" is the most likely answer to your question. It's also coinciding with what appears to be a surge in sock puppet activity in However, I would point out that part of the beauty of bitcoin is there isn't really any such thing as spam. There are only valid transactions and invalid transactions. Anyone may transact freely at any time for any purpose, even when the purpose is disruption of the network. The transactions cost money, so it's entirely fair.
Rather than getting riled up about this particular use for bitcoin transactions, the best thing to do is to just ignore it. This is a little counter-intuitive, but considering all the transactions are in the 1-2 satoshi/byte range, there are not really many meaningful side effects from this. 
It's just smoke and mirrors to try and back the narrative that Bitcoin has high fees and long confirmations. The more we ignore it, the less actual effect (and value) the spammers get from this investment of their funds. The more we get in a frenzy about it, the higher the efficacy of their tactic. (I'm not chastising you for bringing it up, I just wanted to explain my own views on the subject.)
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:56:50
Really good article.
@_date: 2017-11-24 20:06:08
Most likely only if you put in your username and password. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 23:16:46


But they do contribute value back. They pay fees on any transactions they wish to value, just like everyone else. It's certainly far less noble than other transactions might be. It doesn't build up the ecosystem as much. But it's no less valid, and no less important.
By the very nature of Bitcoin being permissionless and uncensorable, we forgo our ability to chose or control how it's used. 
Code cannot determine "worthiness" of a transactions on human terms. Humans can't even agree on that without lots of arguing and bargaining. 
Code can, however, allow the humans to decide how much economic value they wish to stake on that transaction (the fee), and prioritize transactions with more value staked on them.
In practical terms, that means Bitcoin will be used for whatever has the most economic value vs the cost of transacting. No matter what that is. Even if it's stupid, if it's the most desired use for it at that moment, it will be what fills up the empty space. Water always flows downhill.
Ethereum got brought to it's knees by cryptokitties. I suspect that is not the kind of noble purpose envisioned by most ETH holders/developers. But people have exactly as much right to use ETH for that as they do to create an ICO, buy/sell something, or set up smart contracts to manage property governance.
I would prefer that there wasn't spam on the blockchain, but that's not up to me. That's not up to us. For me to cry foul would be to speak out against one of the reasons Bitcoin matters at all. 
Transactions cannot be censored. We don't have to ask permission to use Bitcoin. The freedom is given to all who use the network, including those who would work against us. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:14:16
The unfortunate truth is there is so much at stake here that a lot of money and effort has been spent trying to push people to one side or another, and this makes getting an unbiased comparison close to impossible.
When you cut out all the bullshit, the debate really boils down to this: "Should bitcoin be scaled on-chain or off-chain?"
The best answer I've seen to this question is as follows:
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:54:57
Best comment in this thread.
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:59:45
Oh neat, I didn't know that. Makes sense though.
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:49:43


Hah! I love it. "Sir bitcoin is up 10000%. Fiiiiine, I guess you can laminate the paper wallet."
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:50:07
Damn... that's a hell of a story. Crazy stuff.
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:26:32


So true. This was one of the weird realizations I had when I got into bitcoin. It's a bizarre feeling when you realize you truly own that money in a way that you haven't before.
All it takes is looking at countries like Greece to see that money in a bank isn't yours.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:45:38
Yea that's a really good point. BCH functioning as a hedge for those worried about S2X. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:07:37
I fucking like you.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:09:17
It's happening at block height 494784. Currently projected to occur in about two weeks.
@_date: 2017-11-09 20:16:32
Shortly after the bet was made Roger said something to the extent of I'd never trust you guys to hold up your end anyway. (Or trust code your side wrote to be the enforcer of the agreement)
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:31:36
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:27:19
As much as I don't like Ver, and think he's digging his own hole here, I do have to agree with you here. 
There is a complete absence of the standard mentalities in and the amount of gold in that thread just seems... atypical. And even the more level-headed pro-BCH posts are negative in karma.
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:53:34
It's turtles all the way down.
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:54:41
I think amorpisseur summed it up pretty well, but just to add my own observations.
Despite the narrative pushes, I don't really seen much in the way of "censorship", although discussion of alt-coins is against the rules, and that is enforced. What definitely does happen though is posts with certain keywords get automatically grey-listed, and don't show up for some time. I've had 3 comments grey-listed total (and my suspicion is this post will be number 4), two appeared after about an hour, and the third one was almost twenty hours before it was approved.
Overall this sub does have a very aggressive moderation policy, but I'm of the mind that it does not quite cross the boundary into being censorship. It's more aggressive than I'm completely comfortable with, but moderation is necessary, and I think the mods here make the best they can of a difficult position.
An important thing to understand is that is about bitcoin. We're here to talk and learn about bitcoin, and make nonstop moon memes.
Ultimately is about hating and core. There are some positive posts about large block sizes, and news about Bitcoin Cash, but there are a LOT of posts focused on negative things they don't like.
In casually browsing I usually am left with the lingering image of goofy memes and optimism, and in casually browsing it's usually about being mad about something. Even if I was a big blocker and was all about bitcoin cash, I would probably stay out of for the most part. I am not in a bitcoin community because I want to get mad at things, I'm in a bitcoin community because I want to be optimistic about a technology that can change the world.
All this said, I have to give credit where credit is due. makes their moderation logs transparent, which I wholeheartedly approve of. has less moderation, relying more on the users to downvote things instead of the mods removing them. Overall I approve or moderation policy more than but the subs are in very different positions with different kinds of problems.
All in all, it is useful to get more opinions, as both subs are echo chambers. I've been over there from time to time, and had some great conversations with some of the users. In both subs, I find if you treat people with respect, you can learn a lot. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:08:13
Nunoyabiznes answered your question, but I want to add a little more data.
Your recovery phrase fundamentally IS your wallet. If that is compromised you lose your coins (unless you are using a passphrase, which you should be). If your Trezor gets destroyed in a flood or stolen, you can use that phrase with another Trezor, or with another compatible wallet to access your funds.
So keep that recovery phrase safer than anything else you own. Make sure that if a fire destroys your house, either the Trezor or the phrase will survive. 
If you haven't transferred your money to the Trezor yet, I would HIGHLY recommend transferring a small amount of money there, then doing a reset, and use your seed (recovery phrase) to recover it. This will allow you to detect any issues now (if say, you copied a word down wrong), when all your money is not at stake, and will make it a lot less panic-y if you ever need to do an actual restore.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:31:37
This is actually a pretty good article.
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:28:52


I understand. I think what one develops and how one develops it are separate conversations. I was strictly trying to evaluate the "how" to make a comparison of the teams as developers, and the projects as software. 
Once we get into the "what" and "why" it gets a lot more subjective really fast, and while I have my own opinions, I doubt rehashing them would teach either of us anything we didn't already know.
Do you have any comments on the "software process" that core uses? I know you don't agree with their priorities, but do you have thoughts on the "how"?


Hm perhaps catastrophic is bit hyperbolic. At the end of the day, it did prevent BCH from completely locking up when hash fluctuations happened, which was the requirement. However it did have some significant side effects, to the detriment of both chains. The point does stand that of the two changes they made initially, one was done in a way that caused issues for both chains.
As they start to implement more changes of their own, I will absolutely re-evaluate my stance on them as developers.


Even at the time I had heard people talk about rolling averages. Adjust the block difficulty based on the rolling average of the last X number of transactions. These do need to be tested more, but to my knowledge there existed more proofs of concept for those type of difficulty adjustment algorithms than for the EDA Bitcoin-ABC chose to implement.
[The new DAA seems much more logically sound, and it sounds like it was far better tested than the initial EDA.]( This is really good, and is a great step in the right direction. I have some concerns about how the decision was reached, and how open that discussion was, but the extent of the testing sounds much more on par with what I'd like to see from the team.


Totally agree. However, when I look at the actions of the developers as a whole, I see a trend of a certain cavalier attitude that would be fine for alpha game development, but causes me some concern when what we are talking about is financial software. 
From one way of looking at it, bitcoin is fundamentally a form of distributed (non-relational) database. If you think of Bitcoin-ABC's approach towards hard forks in the context of a financial database, it could be considered reckless. When you make changes to a live financial database responsible for 20 billion dollars, you do so very, very slowly and very, very carefully. I understand frustration over stagnation, but stagnation is far better than the kinds of consequences you have from rushing code.
When I look at the actions and words around Bitcoin-ABC development, I just don't see the caution I feel is due in how they develop and release updates. Core, on the other hand, comes across as obsessively careful and conservative. Regardless of the pros/cons of on-chain vs off-chain scaling, when I think about what software team/philosophy I want to trust with my money, I couldn't in good conscious support Bitcoin Cash at this time. (and that would be true even if I was a big blocker, I'm strictly talking about development methodology here)
All this said, I continue to watch how Bitcoin-ABC's developers conduct themselves, and will absolutely re-evaluate my stance in time as more data becomes available and they build up more of a track record.
EDIT: Looks like your post was edited after I started writing my reply. I just wanted to comment that I definitely agree with what you said about the new DAA. The fork went very smoothly, and it was properly tested before-hand. It will be interesting to see how they handle things when they want to make a fork that is not supported by miners, or that does not have broad consensus. I have no expectations either way, but I am very interested to see what will happen.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:40:58
Happy to help! Feel free to hit me up if you have more questions.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:22:51


Yes, but you have the advantage of being able to instantly buy 500 of them for an hour or two then instantly not have them anymore. :P
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:07:57
Seriously. I sometimes make comments that has more aggressive moderation than I'm comfortable with, but that was absolutely nuts, and the moderators did an amazing job in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-11-15 18:23:12
The best part of the whole thing is that is a false myth.
As transactions backlog on the network, fee price shoots up. While that isn't "good", it does provides a counterbalance making it more profitable to mine BTC. It ends up making the full chain death spiral impossible. Yea it'd be slow for a bit, and fees would be high, but fees would carry it to the next difficulty adjustment and then it'd be fine.
seems to think if they can just steal enough hash power one time, then BTC grinds to a halt forever because we don't have an EDA. Jokes on them, fees rising make it a negative feedback loop.
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:01:42
Its like watching a car crash. You don't want to see it happen, but you can't not watch it.
Although I'm still thinking/hoping its gonna be some humorous play on words, and not him literally eating.... yea...no....
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:27:54
No problem, I can do that. The false narrative I see a lot thrown around is this idea that core are against ever increasing the block size and thus obviously they are dooming bitcoin.
But this simply isn't true. Firstly, because actions speak far louder than words, lets take a look at the [segwit bip](
If you head to the "Motivation" section:


This explicitly states that one of the purposes of segwit is to facilitate a block-size increase. Core supported and pushed segwit. That proves it beyond any doubt.
But just in case that isn't enough, here's a quote from Eric Lombrozo. 


Here's a quote from Greg Maxwell ([from the bitcoin mailing list](


be enough. Delivery on relay improvements, segwit fraud proofs, dynamic
block size controls, and other advances in technology will reduce the risk
and therefore controversy around moderate block size increase proposals
(such as 2/4/8 rescaled to respect segwit's increase). Bitcoin will
be able to move forward with these increases when improvements and
understanding render their risks widely acceptable relative to the
risks of not deploying them.
And for the final nail in the coffin, the most extreme small blocker on the core team (that I am aware of) is lukejr. [Here's a BIP lukejr submitted that would eventually result in larger blocks.](
This BIP calls for an immediate reduction in block size, however, I link it because it shows that even lukejr (probably the most extreme small blocker on the core development team) accepts that the block size must be increased in the future. 


So please don't keep spreading this false narrative. It's just inaccurate. Core is not against raising the block size. Core is against raising the block size unsafely. It is better to allow the network to become congested than it is to risk undermining the reasons why bitcoin matters at all.
EDIT: One last thing I want to add. Nick Szabo has a really great quote on this subject. 






@_date: 2017-11-09 20:45:09
Yes they totally have.
And even the recent news is them trying to fight the IRS further on the subject.
A business has to abide by the laws of wherever it does business. We may not like the laws, but that's just how things work. In my mind Coinbase has gone above and beyond to fight this on the legal front.
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:36:57
It doesn't matter what the miners support. At all.
Miners get no say in anything. Miners are paid freelancers. They don't make decisions about the network. The only power they can even possibly wield is to delay an update or cause spikes in the network where things slow down until the difficulty adjusts. Recent things such as the UASF show that the power to delay updates is something granted to them by the users, and it's a power that gets taken away when it gets abused.
If a miner doesn't like the rules of the network, they can move to another network. The difficulty will readjust after a week or two, and bitcoin does not care.
@_date: 2017-11-15 18:58:55
While you are right in that it is a subjective distinction, there are some objective metrics that can be used to evaluate them.
For this evaluation, lets disregard personal conduct, strictly focusing at development process and the software. (Since that is what we're evaluating.)
Looking at the project, there are a lot of things done very right. The biggest one for me is the sheer robustness of their testing. They have a shitload of automated tests. Unit tests, regression tests, integration tests. Major code changes need to be tested by someone other than the developer who made the change. 
They have a regular release schedule, do a proper feature freeze well in advance of the release to allow for extended testing prior to the next release.
All decisions are made publicly, with publicly available mailing lists and IRC meetings. There is a long track record with very few bugs of any consequence, and zero massive gamestopping bugs since the time when satoshi was still around. As a professional software developer I understand how rare this is, and have a deep respect for how the project is developed.
Heck, where I work we don't even have a QA department, and trying to convince developers to write tests for their code is like pulling teeth.
Even if one doesn't agree with some of the design decisions, I fail to find anything I can fault about the development process itself.
By contrast, I look at development for say, Bitcoin-ABC. There is a lot less transparency for the process and decision-making. More importantly though, when they forked off, they basically made two changes. Increased the block size, and implemented the EDA. Of those two things, one of them was done so catastrophically poorly that they are already doing another hard fork to fix it.
Now, they may end up displaying good development practices in time, and may do really well from here on out. I don't know and I don't want to shit on them. They contribute more to the ecosystem than I do. But when I do my best to make an objective assessment of code quality and development process, comparing these teams is night and day.
@_date: 2017-11-12 19:46:04
Yea typically the spam transactions are unique in that you'll see a small number of large (in KB) transactions occur in a short period of time. Also they tend to be in the 0-5 satoshi/byte range.
Looks like something in the ballpark of 50% of the 0-5 transactions are "spam", but all the expensive stuff actually causing the price to be high appears organic. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:17:01
Totally agree. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:26:55
I just don't understand how he didn't lose a lot of his following after switching from "Bitcoin Cash is bitcoin" to "Segwit2X is bitcoin" then back to "No really guys, I'm behind Bitcoin Cash 100%".
I mean sheesh.
@_date: 2019-02-06 16:43:17


I love this. I can totally see how it made sense at the time. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:36:39
Yea and there already exist machine learning bots that try to do this, which makes it far harder.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:31:34
Okay great. Sounds good to me.
No there is no self destruct code that I know of, but you have a few options. 
First, the less relevant one to your question: If you are using a pin (you should be) after each failed attempt the amount of time before it will let you try again doubles. This makes it fundamentally impossible to brute force your pin. 
However, what you are describing is a "Wrench Attack". And while there is no perfect defense against that, Trezor does something that's about as close as you will get without complicated multi-sig shit. 
One of the options with Trezor is a "passphrase". This functions as a 25th seed word. If enabled, each time you use your pin to connect to your Trezor, it will then ask you for the extra seed word (you should be using this).
What is neat about this though, is any valid passphrase you put in generates a valid wallet. They will all be empty except for the one(s) you use, but are completely valid and work identically.
This means you can use one passphrase as your "main" wallet. And another passphrase as your "decoy" wallet in case of a wrench attack or angry spouse or something.
Now in practice I think if someone is cutting off toes, you're gonna give them your money, but setting up a secondary passphrase does give you an option you can use in less severe robbery situations.
Another alternative is hide the trezor really well and have a wallet on your phone with some BTC in it, as "I give-up" money.
@_date: 2017-11-12 19:50:35
It shows current profitability, and projects profitability after the next difficulty adjustment for either chain. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:54:18
Aw come-on guys. Lets try to be magnanimous about it.
Lets focus on Bitcoin, not its opposition. Plus, rubbing sand in their faces doesn't improve anything, and I'd like to see the community start to recover instead of being driven further apart.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:32:10
It's not really a big deal. 
There are solutions being developed for the longer term that look extremely promising. In the short term it's mostly an inconvenience.
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:08:59
Really insightful post, thank you.
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:46:12
Firstly I want to say thanks. It's not common to have a good conversation like this. Regardless of where we stand on the subject, I appreciate you taking the time to explain your points of view, and listen to mine. 


Yup, and I think we both would like to see good things from them in the future. Regardless of where anyone stands on the scaling debate, the world needs crypto, and every project being the very best it can be is in everyone's best interest in the long run.


Great. That was honestly the main thing I was trying to convey. 


I was staying away from that part of the discussion mostly on the grounds that it had been rehashed to death and I wasn't sure I had much of my own insight to offer (and I wasn't interested in simply repeating things that others have said).
As you said, It is absolutely relevant. I also fully agree with you about open source projects. The Open Office / Libre Office thing a while back is a good example of this.


Well I'm not sure that's really a fair statement. While primarily intended to solve other problems, segwit was implemented in a way that will amount to roughly a 2x increase in block size (between 1.7x-2.2x based on how we model transactions and who you want to believe) as adoption ramps up.
Additionally, to my knowledge it was discussed extensively. You are describing where we are at now. And where we are at now is a point where all the major actors have made up their minds until new data becomes available.
I know Eric Lombrozo is in favor of a block size increase, and many other core devs are not against it once they feel it can be done safely.
The alienation you describe is somewhat inevitable right now considering how polarized everyone is on the subject. I personally wouldn't be willing to work on Bitcoin at this point in time just due to the amount of hate, slander, and death threats developers have gotten for developing a project how they feel is best. An environment this hostile could not result in any other outcome than people forming into camps and alienating members of the other camp. I think we need to strive to do better, but I really can't see another outcome until things calm down. Especially with how much money is getting poured into propaganda/astroturfing campaigns. (And I'm not calling out any particular side on this, I see a shit-ton of stuff that looks like astroturfing or at best, trolling, in as well as here).


Eh, I'm not sure that's true. While I don't want to downplay the psychological effect you are speaking to (people love things that are clever), I'd say there is a possibly greater effect of people being inconvenienced by fees and such, and saying "if there is a simple solution why don't we do that?" That provides a counterweight to the public appeal of cleverness that is in my mind a bit stronger.


I will say there is certainly a far greater focus on optimization than there is on developing new features. I don't quite see it as the intellectual masturbation you describe it as, but I can understand why you would think that, and I would certainly like to see a much greater amount of effort/time/money spent on developing a long term scaling solution.
You talked about the "100s of block size proposals" that are no longer discussed or considered.
My own opinion is I don't think 8MB is enough of an increase to block-size to cause a problem. **However**, I think on-chain scaling cannot possibly work at the scale we will need. 
Right this second, looking only at the next year or two with no regard for the future, upping the block size seems to me to be the best possible solution for solving today's issues. However, I don't believe that can work as solution to scaling in the medium or long term. And if we have to solve the problem differently anyway, I see the cons of 8MB outweighing the pros right now. 
In general I don't like the slippery slope argument, but I can say I have no doubt in my mind that if Bitcoin Cash became popular, it would be required to raise the block-size again, again, and again. Even if at some point the Devs felt that was a bad idea, to not raise it would result in people forking off of Bitcoin Cash to continue that ideology to its end. While it's quite possible *eventually* our technology will get to the point we can handle that solution at scale, looking at the next 5-15 years, the growth of bitcoin will likely so grossly outpace the rate of our technological improvements, we will wind up at the limits of a Blockchain far sooner than we develop technology allowing for the TB and TB of data transfer that would be required for on chain scaling as the solution.
At 8MB blocks, Bitcoin Cash can handle something in the vicinity of 24 transactions per second. Around 453 MB blocks it could handle enough transactions to replace visa+paypal as payment systems (I can provide the numbers I was using to come up with that, if desired). When we include the unbanked and underbanked people of the world using bitcoin, cash dropping out of use (happening regardless of crypto/Bitcoin), IoT type transactions, I would be surprised if anything less than 2-3GB blocks minimum would be sufficient. And I cannot see that scale working without losing Bitcoin's true innovation as trustless censorship-proof money. And that's without things like "people encoding lady gaga songs", or using the Blockchain as an uncensorable way to report news or argue with each other.
I'm not one of those people that says "Oh my god, if I cannot host a node on a raspberry pi bitcoin is centralized". I also don't think 8MB blocks are inherently a problem. But somewhere between 8MB and 3000MB blocks I see there being a problem. I don't know where that point is, but I know once we hit it, it is already too late.
In terms of scaling capabilities a Blockchain is a grossly, grossly inefficient system by design. That inefficiency buys social scaling. It gets us secure trust-less money. [Nick Szabo had a really, really good blog post on social scaling.](
At the end of the day, I want Bitcoin to be both a store of value and a fast/convenient/cheap payment system. However, in the short term, if I only get one of those, I will take the store of value without a second thought.
I consider it very likely a major credit crisis will occur in the near future, causing a great deal of financial instability on a global scale. We have gotten progressively more and more over-leveraged for a long time now, and the necessary deleveraging that would have naturally occurred in 2008 was merely delayed, with the debt/income ratio is continuing to rise at an incredible speed.
When I look at countries like Greece, and attempt to estimate the practical effects of such a credit crisis, the idea of bitcoin prioritizing being an uncensorable store of value has tremendous use for me. There is nothing else in the world that does that anywhere near as well. The only things that come close have a great deal more hassle surrounding them. The world really needs that, and it needs that right this second.
A fast convenient payment system is wonderful, but for the moment, I see it as far less urgently needed than a currency who's properties are decided by the users, rather than by governments, politicians, or bankers. 
Bitcoin already IS a store of value. Yet even with low/zero fee's it's not a terrific payment system. It's great for sending money to other countries, but for something like buying my coffee it's terrible due to the way confirmation works and the speed (and irregularity) at which blocks show up. I know Bitcoin Cash will be looking into 0-conf stuff that will possibly make it feasible to use it like this, (and I do look forward to seeing what they accomplish) but right now I consider maintaining a store of value to be paramount, whereas I consider being able to conveniently make small transactions only "fairly important". To my knowledge, core has the same mentality.
I think some people see the rapid rise of Crypto (particularly this year) and think "Oh my god we have to fix the scaling issue right now or we'll lose out to a competing coin". 
I really don't think this is true at all. Sure, I want Bitcoin to moon as much as anyone else, but at the end of the day even if another crypto got more popular, they'll start running into the same scaling issues, and start having to make the same kind of decisions as far as trade-offs. It's a marathon, not a sprint. 
Lastly, despite all my current views on the subject, I always strive to remain open to re-evaluating my position when new data becomes available. I am glad Bitcoin Cash exists because it acts as a hedge in case I'm wrong. 
Anyways I didn't mean for that reply to become quite the dissertation it did, but there you go. :P
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:41:52


@_date: 2018-03-13 20:10:21
















@_date: 2018-02-15 19:43:42
Many subjects are complicated, and carry with them multiple truths and points of view, any of which could be latched on to as "the truth".
I accept your "truth" you laid out there, but allow me to contrast it to mine, that you may have another "truth" to compare it to:
We live on a world where the agencies responsible for deciding our monetary policy habitually debases our money for the benefit of the few. We live in a world where we pay for today by compulsive borrowing from tomorrow until the system itself is buckling under the strain. We live in a world where money is now as much a system of control as it is a form of communication.
Bitcoin offers alternatives. Bitcoin provides a hedge against monetary policy. Bitcoin offers a permission-less, censorship proof form of money. Bitcoin offers a money that does whatever we agree it does, where anyone can change the rules, but nobody can change the rules for others.
In a best case scenario, by its virtues Bitcoin becomes one of the main currencies of the world. Through the freedom, trade, and equality it brings, most of the world benefits.
In a more pessimistic scenario, Bitcoin remains a niche item for libertarians and individuals who distrust the government. But even in this case it would provide tremendous value to the world. Just by existing Bitcoin is a threat to the status quo. Bitcoin is a statement that if the public is ever inspired to, we could reclaim control of our system of money. That threat alone would help keep central banks honest. That threat alone will force banks to innovate and improve their systems.
You may have invested in bitcoin out of pure self-interest, to make money. In your mind, it may be some other sucker that is taking the fall for you. But to me, I see a vote. I see a vote about where you store your wealth for this time. And the more people that vote in favor of a free, open system, the better off we all will be. 
Believe what you chose to. But know that by my "truths", your self-interest here contributes a tiny piece to making a better world for everyone.
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:09:03
I can only speak for myself, but I don't have an issue with the block size being increased when/if it becomes necessary.
I do not believe this particular motion is really about block size as much it is about what group(s) have the most influence on bitcoin.
Segwit already functions as around a 2x block size increase. It seems unwise to me to not give that time to play out before upping it again. 
Additionally, there is some strange bullshit afoot. There is a particular pattern of spam transactions I keep seeing in the mempool. The most recent iteration of it [I see starting at exactly 05:25 today (September 28), and ending at exactly 10:25.]( That is precisely 5 hours in which a large number of very large transactions (in bytes) with very tiny fees were constantly and regularly being submitted. I've seen this happen a lot recently. Always for very exact amounts of time. Always with abnormally large transactions (in bytes). It seems to indicate to me that someone would like blocks appear more full than they are. This further reinforces for me me that the 2X proposal is not a good idea.
If the block size does get upped later, that proposal needs to be handled very differently than this proposal was handled.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:30:27
Not to be sassy but it literally answers your question in your photo?


It goes without saying, but don't put your coins on there. Contact TREZOR or the company you bought it from and figure out how to return it.
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:50:18
This made me laugh harder than it should have. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 19:24:23
This so much. 
I think Bitcoin will rise meteorically in the coming decade. But when I try to sell people on the concept of Bitcoin I significantly undersell my true opinion on how the price will increase, because it's not about that. I talk to them about the technology. I explain it to them as well as I can and talk about current financial systems in place and how they compare to bitcoin, both positively and negatively. I then strongly encourage that they really research it on their own, form their own opinion of this technology, and decide for themselves if they think it will have an important role in the future (and how significant that role will or will not be).
The roller coaster memes and the HODL stuff is good fun, but it's important that we all do our own research and weigh the technology independently. If you don't believe in the technology, but you see a good investment in Bitcoin, that's fine too. Good to have you with us. But we should all take the time to educate ourselves.
Also understand it is important not just to evaluate bitcoin, but evaluate the alternative. Whether your alternative is the Euro, the Dollar, the Yen, really look into it. If your wealth takes the form of a Dollar you have invested in the Dollar. If your wealth takes the form of a stock or asset, you have invested in that stock or asset. Wherever your money is, try and understand how that system works as best as you can. Because it's not just about how will bitcoin do. It's also about its alternatives will do in relation to how bitcoin will do.
I love that you linked the Nakamoto Institute. I found that site extremely helpful when first trying to wrap my mind around Bitcoin and determine how I thought it would impact the world.
@_date: 2017-09-11 06:23:47
If intentional, that is a hell of a pun.
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:12:15
Hah! 
You could perhaps offload some of the more power hungry processes to other phones nearby, to result in a system that could sort of indirectly allow you to auction off excess "battery power". That said, I do totally agree with you.
@_date: 2017-09-11 21:28:38
Hey I really liked your post and would be very interested in picking your brain on a couple of points if you have the time.
* One of the things I've heard claimed as a benefit for fiat is the ability to deliberately increase the supply during periods when people become very prone to hording. 
Assuming I understand their argument correctly, a period of uncertainty/disaster/chaos occurs, people horde rather than spend, economy takes a major hit. Then once things stabilize, a lot of money is spent very fast, causing the opposite swing, resulting in a lot of volatility.




If I am understanding correctly, the way things work now, during these periods the fed introduces large amounts of currency into the system via loans, providing a temporary boost to help offset the sudden drop in money being spent. Then, as things stabilize, the loans have to be repaid, providing a counterweight to the overspending period.
Reading through all this, I'm inclined to conclude a that any short term stability fiat brings in these situations would come at the cost of much more significant problems in the long run, such as significant inflation, a far greater capacity for market manipulation, and of course, complete centralization. However, I would be very interested in hearing your thoughts on this matter.
* For the sake of this question, lets assume that bitcoin succeeds unequivocally. Adoption increases to the point that bitcoin becomes the one primary currency of the world. Most people are now payed in bitcoin. Most goods are now purchased with bitcoin. How does this affect loans, debt, and property ownership?
Allow me to clarify specifically what I am asking. Our current economic system is massively dependent on debt. It seems like any part of the economy I look at is based on debt. 
If an average American wants to buy a house, it would be incredibly difficult to buy a house without going into debt. [Almost half of americans live paycheck to paycheck]( Where I personally live, someone living off of the median income living incredibly frugally (no kids, rent a room on craig's list, never eating out, etc) would take 18 years to save up enough to buy a house at today's prices. But in reality they would never be able to get that house. Property value is growing far faster than wages are.
If bitcoin was the dominant currency, loans would have to be offered at extraordinary interest rates to compete with an inherently deflationary currency. How will anyone not super rich own a house? 
Perhaps there is no alternative to a subscription-based economy, and bitcoin would merely speed up what is already inevitable. Perhaps without people being able to get loans for houses, the prices of properly will collapse, making it affordable again for those who are frugal. I don't know. I would welcome any thoughts you have on this subject.
I see bitcoin as destroying a lot of the evil in the current financial system and bringing us to a brighter future. However, a lot of what will happen between then and now is beyond my ken.
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:11:58
It's not confirmed, but they signed the New York agreement and have not yet backed out on it at this time. I made another post with more details if you are interested.
@_date: 2017-09-18 17:17:33
Much appreciated! Thank you!
All good things to know!
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:01:06
So right now there is no safety net. At all. If you have 1k USD and 1 BTC on Coinbase and they go out of business, you get the 1k USD back, and whatever portion of the BTC they feel like giving out. Maybe nothing.
Could a safety net be built? Sure. But unlike fiat, where its easy to increase the supply of it during periods of stress, BTC is finite.
Lets say the government had a FDIC type system in place for bitcoin deposits and it was all official and supported.
What happens if Coinbase goes out of business? Unless the government had all of those coins on hand, they would have to immediately buy those coins from the market, and sell them to the users they were reimbursing. Where would that money come from? Probably the Federal reserve. Either way the net effect of this action would be to inflate bitcoin and deflate their own currency, which would be insane from the government' point of view. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:05:45
Well, that isn't it.
Don't get me wrong, I am a segwit supporter, and I think it's fantastic, but we're only at about [2.4%]( adoption so far. Segwit functions as around a 2x increase in capacity compared to pre-segwit 1MB limit.
Which means that segwit has only actually caused about a 2.4% increase in transaction bandwidth so far. 
This means the real questions are "why were fees so high before?" and "what changed?"
I don't have any solid answers, but the massive influx of new people during that price jump had to have significantly impacted fees. It's also not impossible there was some form of concerted intentional disruption by some members the BCH faction to drive up fees to help build support for the split. I have no proof for or against this, but it seems a plausible possibility to me.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:47:35
It's possible to set up a "multi-sig" wallet. Give one key to your attorney with instructions to pass it on when you die, and one to your beneficiary. 
Or have your attorney hold the private key, but encrypt it, and only tell the encryption password to your benificiary.
Its an annoying problem currently, but through smart contracts, a better solution for this issue will be developed in time.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:08:40
I can't wait till they do an episode on crypto. It'll be brutal, and not the future we want from/for crypto, but I'll bet it will be an amazing episode.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:14:49
Great! I'm replying to the other post where you uploaded the image, and we'll go from there!
@_date: 2017-09-12 16:10:34
Hah. That was the thought that ultimately lead to me investing in bitcoin. I realized I could handle losing my investment, but it would be a hell of a lot harder to stomach not going for it and having it turn out how I thought.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:05:38
Easy there buddy. Of course you are right, but OP is learning this lesson the hard way already, there is no need to kick him when he's down.
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:57:51
Their security is fine. My understanding is they are even insured for the portion of their bitcoins they keep online. (if THEY are hacked, not if YOU are hacked)
So your account is going to be as secure or insecure as you make it, based on application of general computer security principles.
A bigger concern is fraud or them going out of business. I use coinbase, and **I don't consider either of these likely at all**, but I wouldn't have seen Mt. Gox or the BTC-e thing coming either.
From a more ideological point of view: 
[*"Your keys: your bitcoin. Not your keys: not your bitcoin."*](
I would HIGHLY recommend a good hardware wallet. I got one recently and despite being a bit pricey it was very worth it. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:03:02
So I signed up for coinbase within the last couple months. The email you get when creating a new account is different than the one you got.
Instead of what "we've auto-generated an account for you" mine says:


Assuming this is a valid email and links to the actual coinbase website, someone has probably attempted to send bitcoin via coinbase to your email address.
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:01:06
So right now there is no safety net. At all. If you have 1k USD and 1 BTC on Coinbase and they go out of business, you get the 1k USD back, and whatever portion of the BTC they feel like giving out. Maybe nothing.
Could a safety net be built? Sure. But unlike fiat, where its easy to increase the supply of it during periods of stress, BTC is finite.
Lets say the government had a FDIC type system in place for bitcoin deposits and it was all official and supported.
What happens if Coinbase goes out of business? Unless the government had all of those coins on hand, they would have to immediately buy those coins from the market, and sell them to the users they were reimbursing. Where would that money come from? Probably the Federal reserve. Either way the net effect of this action would be to inflate bitcoin and deflate their own currency, which would be insane from the government' point of view. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 19:03:45
Thank you, much appreciated.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:24:48
Of course you are correct and they wouldn't. But core adding reply protection is just as nonsensical, and wouldn't happen either.
I said "could" because I was engaging in a hypothetical to point out that even if core did fork their own chain to keep it separate from S2X, if S2X wanted to they could easily undo that change. It was more to explain the mechanisms than to say "what will happen".
@_date: 2017-09-14 05:20:25
So between my research and thinking and your comments, I come to these conclusions:
Wealth IS "debt". It is a debt that society owes you for services you have rendered or assets you have produced.
Credit is the exact opposite of this. Receiving services or assets from society before you have rendered service. You are only able to receive these services because the other members of society trust you to render these services at a later date. This isn't inherently bad, 
This system is abstracted through money. A token of your service, that you may use to receive service later.
So in our current situation astronomical amounts of tokens are being produced, disproportionate to the wealth being created. Obviously this causes massive inflation.
So thinking about Peter here... he has one million dollars. This is a representative token, and his "wealth" is kind of "whatever value society will give him for those tokens". You say his claim is fraudulent. I think I get you. His tokens are not the wealth. The wealth would be whatever society will give him for his tokens.
I would think then that even hard money is still just an abstracted token, not the wealth itself. But far less prone to predatory, deceitful manipulation.


Can you elaborate on this a bit? I understand **that** hard money will obliterate soft money if people's confidence in it is shaken sufficiently. I understand why. But I don't really understand how this actually manifests in the real world. What real world consequences arise from this interaction, this reaction?
Anyways, sorry if this a little "stream of consciousness". I'm in the process of expanding my understanding of a lot of this, which lends itself to a more pensive, speculative writing style. I really appreciate all the time you took to write these out, and I've found them very helpful.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:31:47
Yup unfortunately so.
[Looks like ibittreix.com is a known scam site.]( Regardless of how you ended up there, once you logged in there your account was immediately compromised.
Again, I'm sorry for your loss, please hang in there. It's a really hard thing to deal with, but you will come back from this. 
Do you want me to ask you a few more questions to try and determine how you got to ibittreix.com, or did you find out what you needed to know already.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:12:03
Just to add a little bit to this, if you are getting a hardware wallet, get one with a screen. This allows you to verify the receiving address and amount even if the computer is compromised.
@_date: 2017-09-29 01:48:44
Haha yup. I believe it.
My work recently had a phishing attempt work on several of our employees as well (not as clever as that one). 
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:40:34
I recently got a Trezor myself, so I'll try to answer your questions as well as possible.


That is the intended use yes. You could get around that by reusing a wallet address for recieving funds, but I would recommend just plugging the Trezor back in.
Because the keys are on the Trezor itself, and you can check the transaction details on the Trezor's screen, you could use the Trezor even on an infected PC with zero risk (as long as you double check your transactions on the Trezor screen).
So there is nothing to worry about in plugging it back in.


Yes. When I first got my Trezor, after transferring a small amount to my wallet, I wiped out the device and restored it, just to make sure I could. Everything was still there.


Device has no battery at all. It is powered when you plug it in via USB. It is not powered otherwise.


Nothing to worry about here. You can still get your money.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:05:10
It's not so much that there is an incentive to hold bitcoin there as that there is a disincentive to manage one's own bitcoins.
Bitcoin is complected and the systems that will make it **easy** to use just don't really exist yet. It's a lot better than it used to be, but think of how many people don't really understand the basics of computer security. Then imagine those people trying to manage their own private keys.
Plus it requires some research and learning, and if you get it wrong you lose all your money. So it's scary and the consequences are high.
I don't know about your family, but my mother (who is an intelligent, educated person) finds it too complicated to put music on her phone by herself, something like bitcoin is (currently) orders of magnitude harder and more scary. It's just not happening.
So it's a hell of a lot easier to just leave your money on the exchange. And that's why people do it. We're also conditioned to think it's safe. We always leave our money in banks. That's how the world has always worked for us. Unless you are keeping some cash on hand, or are investing it, your money is in a bank. One would get mocked for doing otherwise. So when people have their bitcoin in something that is functionally a bank, many of them don't even think twice about it. **Despite the fact there is no regulation (FDIC or equivalent) protecting their money.** They either don't consider it, or they do think about it and find the alternative (managing one's own keys) is too scary or uncertain for them.
Now it is worth mentioning Coinbase does allow one thing that has some use. Coinbase makes it very easy to send someone bitcoin through coinbase. It occurs instantly (offchain). You can even send it to an email address. This then creates a coinbase account for them and sends them an email to help them claim it. But at that point why aren't you just using Paypal? You are getting none of the positives of bitcoin, and many of the negatives (such as no guarantee you will get your bitcoin back if things go south with that company for any reason).
That make sense?
It is my opinion (and I say this with no judgement whatsoever) that anyone who buys bitcoin and leaves it in an exchange just does not understand why bitcoin is needed, and why it will be successful in the long run. And that's okay, but everyone who invests their money should understand the risks and decide what is best for them.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:05:09
Ultimately the account was compromised, and whoever did it kept coming back for the free money.
The first withdrawal was: 2014-07-29 18:55:01
If you were compromised, it seems likely it was then, considering it was about two and a half months of mining before it was compromised. After that point, it's likely they just kept checking your wallet periodically, and then each time they did, they'd take anything in the wallet.
I don't know how to help you get it back, but that's my best guess about what happened.
@_date: 2017-09-07 00:29:43
It really has no meaningful connection to bitcoin I'm aware of.
More raw processing power does not particularly assist bitcoin in any meaningful way; 
the difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks based on how fast blocks were mined.
Moore's Law has been so twisted and fudged at this point, it's not a surprise it's completely misunderstood and taken out of context. I believe many people have come to associate Moore's Law with this idea that "anything technological increases exponentially".
Moores law has also been grossly misunderstood and manipulated since it's creation. Real world growth functions are logistic functions, not your standard exponential functions. (
Moore knew this, however he expected the point at which computational advancement began to slow was after computers had already surpassed humanity in everything and we were obsolete.
In practice, we started hitting a hard wall of diminishing returns on of clock speed and transistor size around 2004. However, because it's such an industry standard, and there was so much money moving on this expectation, they totally fudged the prediction. By counting the transistors from multiple cores (on the same processor) the appearance of "Moore's law" being accurate continued to persist.
However even that only lasted so long. Last year (2016) Intel threw in the towel, and even counting multiple cores, they can no longer keep up with "Moore's law" and have abandoned it. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:09:19
Yea that's my thinking exactly. It would be easy enough to create a new email address and try to send it some bitcoin via coinbase and check, but I am lazy and not vested enough in muyuu's question to do so. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:17:38
[Yes but it's important to understand that any bitcoin you put in your Coinbase wallet is not your bitcoin.](
What you have is a promise from Coinbase that they will give you that much bitcoin if you ask them for it. A promise, that unlike currencies such as the USD, does not have government regulation enforcing that they give you back your money (FDIC or equivalent regulation).
Now I'm not saying anything bad about Coinbase (I buy my Bitcoins through them, and they seem to be in a very solid place). If you aren't holding long term, and you want to do some trading it may make sense to leave your coins in an exchange. But its very crucial to WHY bitcoin will succeed to understand that whoever owns the private key owns the bitcoin. No exceptions. 
If you cannot manage your private keys safely, it may be better to trust an exchange to do it, but do so understanding the risks. Bitcoin's history is littered with the failures of such institutions, each time resulting in the users losing some or all of their coins. (BTC-e, Mt. Gox)
EDIT: One last thing. Coinbase has a "Vault" feature, and I don't know who manages the private keys when using that feature. My post here was explicitly referring to the primary "bitcoin wallet" feature on Coinbase, and I do not have much information on how their vault works.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:30:27
Not to be sassy but it literally answers your question in your photo?


It goes without saying, but don't put your coins on there. Contact TREZOR or the company you bought it from and figure out how to return it.
@_date: 2017-09-14 05:28:21
As best as I can ascertain it is indeed him, but I was unable to find concrete proof. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:05
Happy to help! Good luck and take care.
@_date: 2017-09-11 21:52:01
Due to the way the factions have split up, if there is bias, it would be in favor of BCH (Bitcoin Cash). In favor of large blocks. Anti segwit. Anti BitcoinCore. Anti Lightning Network. I haven't done a thorough investigation of the site though, so I can't really speak to how biased it is or isn't.
@_date: 2018-02-16 18:06:14
No that's not quite right.
There are two things that are insured:
1. Your USD in Coinbase is insured by FDIC, the same as any bank. This is the $250,000 number you are thinking of. This is federal insurance.
2. The 2% of Coinbase's crypto funds that they keep in hot wallets are insured by private insurance.
Nothing else in insured. If Coinbase is hacked and their BTC stolen, this second insurance can help ensure they remain solvent. If your account is hacked, your crypo is not insured. If Coinbase goes out of business, your crypto is not insured.
@_date: 2017-09-11 06:23:17
I don't know why this exists, but I'm happy it does.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:02:49
Firstly, I want to say I'm sorry for your loss. That is expensive and unfortunate, and I cannot imagine how hard it must be for you to swallow.


True. That is the risk of Bitcoin. Complete, utter control of your money, complete with all the power and all of the risk/responsibility that brings.
If you are looking to identify what really happened, we need to turn a more critical eye to some of the things you did. In almost every single case when something like this happens, it is ultimately due to a computer security mistake made by the user. Sure, you could be an exception, but you probably aren't, so if you want to understand how this happened, we should take a critical look at your computer security practices. At the very least we can rule out the very common attack vectors. Is this something you want to do?
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:05
Happy to help! Good luck and take care.
@_date: 2017-09-12 17:34:39
Thank you for all these replies! I want to really go over them in detail and take my time in responding. I'll do so later today.
It's much appreciated, and don't worry about blowing up my inbox! I want to have more discussions about this.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:05:10
It's not so much that there is an incentive to hold bitcoin there as that there is a disincentive to manage one's own bitcoins.
Bitcoin is complected and the systems that will make it **easy** to use just don't really exist yet. It's a lot better than it used to be, but think of how many people don't really understand the basics of computer security. Then imagine those people trying to manage their own private keys.
Plus it requires some research and learning, and if you get it wrong you lose all your money. So it's scary and the consequences are high.
I don't know about your family, but my mother (who is an intelligent, educated person) finds it too complicated to put music on her phone by herself, something like bitcoin is (currently) orders of magnitude harder and more scary. It's just not happening.
So it's a hell of a lot easier to just leave your money on the exchange. And that's why people do it. We're also conditioned to think it's safe. We always leave our money in banks. That's how the world has always worked for us. Unless you are keeping some cash on hand, or are investing it, your money is in a bank. One would get mocked for doing otherwise. So when people have their bitcoin in something that is functionally a bank, many of them don't even think twice about it. **Despite the fact there is no regulation (FDIC or equivalent) protecting their money.** They either don't consider it, or they do think about it and find the alternative (managing one's own keys) is too scary or uncertain for them.
Now it is worth mentioning Coinbase does allow one thing that has some use. Coinbase makes it very easy to send someone bitcoin through coinbase. It occurs instantly (offchain). You can even send it to an email address. This then creates a coinbase account for them and sends them an email to help them claim it. But at that point why aren't you just using Paypal? You are getting none of the positives of bitcoin, and many of the negatives (such as no guarantee you will get your bitcoin back if things go south with that company for any reason).
That make sense?
It is my opinion (and I say this with no judgement whatsoever) that anyone who buys bitcoin and leaves it in an exchange just does not understand why bitcoin is needed, and why it will be successful in the long run. And that's okay, but everyone who invests their money should understand the risks and decide what is best for them.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:27:07


That is true. But the same thing is true of using Bitcoin in any fashion. If you don't make absolutely certain you are sending your Bitcoin to the correct address, you run the risk of sending it to the wrong address! On the same vein, If you don't make absolutely certain you are putting your password into the right website, you run the risk of putting your password in on the wrong website!


It will help but it will not prevent it entirely. Malwarebytes or equivalent software is a really good idea, and will resolve a lot of possible attack vectors, but to my knowledge, there isn't really any automated system that will protect against phishing attacks in general.
The good news, is nearly all phishing attacks can be prevented if you educate yourself and act with due caution. Take the time to learn how phishing attacks work, and keep up to date on the common methods used, and then be careful. 
Only log in to a site if you are 100% sure you are on the correct site. I assume you very carefully check the bitcoin address when you send your coins anywhere, right? You can eliminate most of the risk with phishing by being just as careful when putting in your usernames/passwords. It takes some work to learn how to do this, but it is worth it for the peace of mind and the security.
The most common phishing attacks are actually really simple. Email someone a thing, and convince them to click the link in the email, which goes to a fake site. 
If you get an email from coinbase that says "We need you to update your information!", go to coinbase.com yourself. Don't click the link in the email if you don't have to. If you do have to (very, very rare but it happens), hover over the link and see where it actually takes you before you go there. When you do go to that link, before you put in your password look at the URL in your browser. If you want to be even more secure, look up how to check the "SSL Certificate" and see if it looks valid. If you have any doubt at all, DO NOT LOG IN. Instead, make a post here or somewhere else and ask about it.
Learn how domains work on the internet. 
* **thing.mybank.com** is part of **mybank.com**. 
* **mybank.thing.com** is part of **thing.com**. This is a different website, and a common tactics fake sites use.
* **thing.mybank.org** is part of **mybank.org**, which is not the same as **mybank.com**. Another tactic fake sites use.
* **thing.my-bank.com** is part of **my-bank.com**. This is also different than **mybank.com**.
Some further reading if you are interested:
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:41:53
God I can't even deal with that article.


@_date: 2017-09-14 00:39:01
Yes all of the bitcoin that exists currently is owned already. Your question is like asking "if all of the houses that exist have owners, how could someone new ever get a house?"
You buy it from someone who has one. 
Each person who owns a thing has some value at which they would be willing to part with it. If you have something of that value, and you would rather have the thing they own, you can attempt to trade with them.
That is what the "price" of bitcoin represents. It's that sweet spot where some people want to sell it, and other people want to buy it.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:11:59
Okay great, thank you. Next question can you look up your browser history right before that and post it here?
What I want to rule out with this question is you first going to an invalid site, then after you enter the 2FA key, the invalid site redirects you to the real site, but has already changed your password or something like that. 
I can walk you through this if you don't know how.
@_date: 2017-09-06 03:51:19
Look at all transactions (instead of just sent), it's not actually that wierd.
Someone else had access, and periodically they would show up and clean house. If OP never checked the account balance, it's certainly a plausible explanation.
@_date: 2017-10-11 02:48:15
Totally agree!
We should all strive to be willing to change our points of view as new data becomes available. It's not easy, but it's a worthwhile effort.
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:33:24
So if we are trying to determine if the overall crypto scene is in a bubble, we need to take price fluctuation independent of merit based adoption.
The actual value of crypto is going up. The perceived value of crypto is going up at a different rate.
A satire coin should be subject to most of the perceived value going up, but not much of the actual value going up.
At least that is my thinking, please feel free to add data or correct me if you think it's wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-08 23:42:25
The best freaking part of this entire article:


@_date: 2017-09-01 00:30:27
Not to be sassy but it literally answers your question in your photo?


It goes without saying, but don't put your coins on there. Contact TREZOR or the company you bought it from and figure out how to return it.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:10:29
The thing to understand is right now, you own no bitcoin. None.
You own an IOU from Coinbase. An IOU, that unlike traditional bank accounts (which also represent an IOU), is not backed up by FDIC or equivalent regulations.
Coinbase appears to be in a very solid place, and is playing very nice with the legal system, making it much safer than most of the "bank-like" alternatives for your bitcoin.
If you are unable to be positive you can keep your money safe, coinbase may be a better option than holding it yourself, but understand that as of this second you don't own any bitcoin, Coinbase does. 
That distinction is entirely crucial to why bitcoin will succeed at all. 
I have a decent opinion of Coinbase, but what happens if they start using a form of fractional banking like any real bank? They could easily do that since you don't own a bitcoin, you own a promise, and promises can be duplicated without real coins to back it up. There is no regulation preventing something like this. Now I don't think this is likely in the slightest, because people would flip their shit, but they CAN.
Anyways my intention is not make you think "Coinbase is unsafe". I think if you cannot keep your own bitcoin secure, Coinbase is a far safer option. However, bitcoin's history is littered with failures of institutions like this (look into BTC-e or Mt. Gox) and not needing to trust a bank to hold your money is a huge part of why bitcoin is so important.
On the day to day scale, humans are very slow to adjust to paradigm shifts. We've now invented the first human currency that has no need for banks, and does not benefit from banks, and provides us a freedom from issues caused by corrupt banking practices, and the first thing we do with it is build banks to store it. :)
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:44:04
Super fascinating all around.
I agree completely with your "pass through zero" concept, but I cannot even begin to imagine the ramifications of that. That transition period...
Perhaps a saving grace is that both these currencies exist at the same time. Actors can freely move between systems for now. Even an rapid switch (if we're lucky) might take as long as 5 years from when it really starts. 
If the change is slow enough, perhaps enough of our critical infrastructure and systems can be switched over before the old system collapses. If that happens, the transition system is brutal but we recover quickly. 
But if the old system fails, for any reason, before enough of the system has been transitioned to the new system to maintain itself then we do wind up with some really rough times ahead. For quite some time.
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:34:10
It is not ridiculous right now in any way shape or form? 
0-5 satoshi/byte transactions have been getting chewed through, and anything above that would be clearing right now. The mempool has nearly been cleared at this point.
If you are using a wallet that doesn't allow you to set custom fees that is the issue.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:01:53
As the other guy said, nodes don't mine.
But to explain real briefly:
1. **Users** use wallets and bitcoins to create transactions. These transactions sit in the [bitcoin mempool](
2. **Miners** do several gigi-shits worth of calculations to try and find a special value that allows them to authorize transactions. When they find one of these special values, they package it up along with as many transactions as they can. This is called a "block". That block is then submitted to the nodes.
3. **Nodes** receive the block, and then check to make sure it is valid (that it doesn't violate the rules of Bitcoin). If it is valid, they pass the block on to other nodes, who validate it, and pass it on to other nodes and so on and so forth. If there is a conflict, (lets say two valid blocks happen at the same time) whichever one gets more blocks added after it becomes the one and only valid chain.
Now it's fully possible for a node to also be a miner, and a miner to also be a node, but they fill uniquely different roles in the system.
Edit: I have been corrected on some of these points. See 
@_date: 2017-09-01 22:15:56
Thanks. I've spent most of my thoughts on this subject related to game design, and interaction between the developers and a game and the players, but there is a lot of overlap with cryptocurrencies due to the same user/developer divide.
Nash? 
Any chance I could get a link? I would be interested in reading what you are referencing.
@_date: 2017-09-11 05:01:23
@_date: 2017-09-02 02:07:32
Right now there is an issue where wallets are setting very high fees as the default to try and ensure the transaction goes through in the next block. The fees did shoot very high during the BCH fork, but the fee required to get a transaction through has gone WAY down, and the mempool is clearing out. 
Yet the wallets are still setting high fees.
The link in my last post allows you to see what the fees are for transactions in the mempool, and you can see what fees are clearing. The mempool is almost cleared now. Throughout most of today, any transaction at 6 sat/byte would have cleared for sure, and I BELIEVE any around 3+ sat/byte would have cleared as well.
At 6 sat/byte With a median transaction size of 226 bytes, that would be 1356 satoshi, or about $0.07 USD. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:13:53
Great idea, but I think you may want to rephrase the question/request in a way that is more approachable for someone without a lot of computer science background.
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:49:56
[So far coindesk has been my favorite.](
On the controversial subjects, my impression has been they do a great job on being as unbiased as possible. I'm not saying anything they say is true, but of the different sites I've been using, they were the main one that stood out to me.
@_date: 2017-09-01 19:01:44
This is my impression as well, however I think bitcoin has enough fervorous (borderline religious) followers that it will be hit the least severely, and will recover the fastest.
I doubt the dip would exceed 6 months in time, and I would be very surprised if it didn't recover in under a year. 
It is also possible that when such an ICO reckoning occurs, rather than converting to fiat, many backers will convert to bitcoin, which could even have the opposite effect. I think this is unlikely, but if even partially true would help to soften the impact for bitcoin.
Overall I consider bitcoin to be a safer place to store my value than fiat, even if it's value did halve temporarily due to an ICO reckoning.
Another thought I had on this subject, watch the price of Dogecoin. Due to it's almost satirical nature, I think watching it's price fluctuation would be the best way to evaluate the presence/lack of a general crypto bubble.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:40:10
Heh, don't worry about it man. I'd be pissed too. Good luck getting it resolved!
@_date: 2017-09-11 07:08:54
I really liked this article.
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:35:57
Well, that gives me a chance to learn what is actually going on then, can you point me to a correct explanation?
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:46:39
In a much, much larger system than the mempool I totally agree with you. In the case of the mempool the backlog was nowhere near large enough for a change of 2.4% to clear it in the time frame it was cleared in.
It's worth mentioning that it is only now that adoption has reached 2.4%. When the mempool finished clearing, segwit adoption was still only at 0.2%. 
Looking [here]( I consider the "clearing"  of the most recent month long backlog (the that could have been affected by segwit) to have started around the end of August 25th, and it was clear by the end of September 1st. That is 7 days. It looks like 1032 blocks were mined in that period.
The extra 24 "extra" blocks from hash-power fluxuations contributed far more to the mempool clearing than segwit did, and even they are not enough to explain the majority of what happened.
Looking at the ratio of number of transactions to size of transactions, it sure looks like something fishy was going on.
I don't have a full explanation, but my best guess is a combination of massive spike in trading volume, exacerbated by some form of spam attack, possibly to make BCH more appealing during critical times for that currency. It definitely wasn't segwit that cleared the mempool.
@_date: 2017-09-13 19:23:05
If you are managing her money it's your responsibility to do so transparently and respect her wishes, even if you disagree with them.
If there are transaction fees incurred, she should cover them with the money being exchanged, make sure she knows what the transaction fees are before selling the coin. 
Charging her 'for making a foolish decision by panic selling' would be grossly unethical in my book. If it's her money and you are managing it for her, you need to do so on the terms that you two agreed on when you started, regardless of your considerations about her actions.
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:51:31
I don't have a good answer to this dilemma. 
I've seen it the most on the subject of game development. The thing the players want are most frequently good for them in the short term and really bad for everyone in the long term.
I think the only solution is competition of competing options. Let the short sighted do what they want. Let the longer-term planners do what they want. Allow actors to switch at will and time will weed out the nonviable currency/game/whatever.
We cannot decide FOR others. And to enforce our conclusions about the future on others would be evil, and is how we wind up with things like the current global financial situation.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:53:07
I am well aware the government maintains it's power by asserting a monopoly on force.
Politics is the contention that occurs when humans attempt to attain, maintain, or assert power over large groups of people.
Violence and the threat of violence is but one tool in this toolbox. Money, economics, and knowledge are also power. We have reached an era where we can manipulate entire demographics through information alone. Saying that all politics consists of is "the threat of violence" would be to blind oneself to a great deal of what goes on in the world.
When a candidate campaigns to get elected, he does not do so by killing anyone who opposes him. 
Violence is a significant tool utilized in politics. It is incredibly effective at acquiring short term compliance from people. However it's hard to maintain for long periods, so it is primarily used when other tools have failed.
As I said, 


@_date: 2017-09-27 00:49:46


Right. 


Well it doesn't have to be communal at all. To get away from the phone a bit (which sounds like a cash grab) and go over the underling concept I'm talking about, my computer spends most of the day unused.
My car spends most of the day not being used. 
I could certainly lend my computer or car out, but the amount of effort to do so and the risk in doing so make it entirely infeasible.
But what if I had a button I pushed and suddenly my computer would auction off CPU power, Memory, and unused hard disk space to the highest bidder.
In an age when cars will soon be driving themselves, why not have the car convert itself to a taxi while you don't need it? You would make passive income on the side, and if a way could be found to mitigate the risk, it would result in a large increase in resource utilization.
I think this concept has a lot of potential application. I think this phone sounds like nonsense, but it seems likely the idea they are using as their selling point may be the eventual route for things to go in.
You are at home, not using your phone? Sell the extra CPU power, battery power (again, indirectly), whatever and make a small amount of passive income for nearly free.
You are short on cash but don't use your phone often? Don't buy a monthly cell service, instead "rent" someone else's cell service for a small fee. They make some money on the side and you save money by not having to buy this whole monthly package for something you'd hardly use.
Technical implementations of this concept are hard, but we've made a lot of great progress on this subject with cloud computing. What we have yet to do properly is apply this to decentralized matchmaking. Uber is a good example of something heading slowly in the direction of what I'm talking about. It matches up people who have a resource with people who need a resource and will pay for it. 
Still a long ways to go, but it's a neat concept, and it'll be cool to see how we make it work as we progress further technologically.
Again, this phone sounds like a gimmick to sell their alt-coin. But the idea they are using to sell it has merit, regardless of if the phone itself has merit.


Etherium could be a good tool for this kind of exchange, for sure. Bitcoin has smart contracts, and could potentially be used as well (I don't know what the limitations are for Bitcoin smart contracts). The fact this company isn't using an existing coin speaks to the motives of the project being more about the new coin and doing an ICO to raise funds, instead of the project being about making an awesome phone.
@_date: 2017-09-13 22:05:19
Holy shit. Just damn.
For the sale of due skepticism, do we have proof that is actually Craig's Reddit account?
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:08:01
Segwit functions as approximately a 2x increase in actual transaction capacity. However we won't experience that increase until segwit is widely adopted. The adoption rate is currently about [2.4%](
The functionality has been implemented, but individual wallets have to add support for it. All of my personal transactions have been segwit since my wallet started supporting it.
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:57:21
I acknowledge what you are saying and I appreciate the manner in which you have presented it. 
For myself, I have still not seen most of what you refer to here. I browsed through Erik's twitter, and read the long post he replied to you with, but I still don't see anything inconsistent with the idea of someone who wants to bring the community back together, and is going about it in a way I feel is misguided. I'm certainly not trying to talk him up, but by contrast I look up Ver's posts on and I see Ver making non-stop sympathy ploys about how poor Ver is being attacked by the evil mean blockstreamcore dragon's den bla bla bla.
I am comfortable concluding Ver is an enemy of Bitcoin without reservation. I see Erik more along the lines of "Come on guys, stop fighting. I want to get back to this being about bitcoin."
Can you provide me with specific tweets or messages that have lead you to the conclusion Erik is two-faced, disingenuous, or dishonest? Whether I reach your conclusion or not, having the data you are basing your conclusion on is very helpful.
On the subject of replay protection, I would certainly rather that Segwit2X includes replay protection, but I also have to admit that to do so would be to ensure that the fork fails to "take over" the main chain. We have seen how slow wallets and exchanges were to support Bitcoin Cash, and I fail to see why the proponents of 2x would want to allow that to happen. (The comment about replay being Core's burden is ridiculous, of course.)


Hah! Honestly I'd really rather keep the subject about the proposals and technology as much as possible, and less about the personalities. Celebrities are boring, technology is cool. :) 
But more importantly, the more polarized a subject gets, the less actual dialog and discussion happens. The more it devolves to personal attacks and mob mentality, the more people are swayed by being part of a faction and the less they are able to decide based on merit. 
In America, Black Lives Matter has been a very interesting example of this phenomenon. I can feel there is an issue with police brutality against minorities without extending that idea to the belief that all police are evil and bad. I'm pro cop. Even more importantly, I'm also pro human rights. Yet the subject got so polarized there was only room for two opinions, and the truth got lost somewhere in between.
The US 2016 election caused the same effect. With us our against us. This view or that view. No room in the middle. No room to extend understanding and compassion to the other side. Anyone who is on the other side is EVIL! I live in a liberal area. I wanted to talk to people who supported Trump to find out why, and try to understand their point of view. Most of the time when someone identified as a Trump supporter, they were socially attacked in a viscous manner. Even though I think their conclusions were wrong, the reasoning of how they came to that conclusion represented actual problems suffered by people, and was not inherently invalid.
Now I'm not arguing that Segwit2x is a middle ground, and thus deserves equal talk-space and equal consideration. I do not believe that is the case at this time. But I do believe that some unknown portion of the supporters of 2X do so out of an entirely genuine desire to help Bitcoin succeed. I want to be really careful not to make those people our enemy when there is no need for that, and nothing to be gained by that. Segwit2x will fail. We can beat it without devolving to mob-mentality tactics.
When things get this personal and polarized, we lose the ability to think about it clearly, and as a species have a propensity to become vulnerable to mob mentality and other similar psychological responses. Any action I can take to minimize this effect, I consider worthwhile.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:51:15
Hm good call. You've given me stuff to think about here. 


Totally 100% agree. It does encourage patience, for higher overall payout, but people will still buy things. I have friends who decide they want a game, but then wait for a steam sale before buying it. But they tend to buy it eventually one way or the other.


Just wow. I knew of this experiment, but it had never occurred to me to think of the effects a deflationary currency would have in encouraging that. Or to think of how a debt-based society would encourage endless instant-gratification. That is really, really interesting.
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:05:01




Clearly it is you who has no idea how an open source project works.
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:40:34
No worries! And your point is of course completely accurate.
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:35:26
Very true, but there's no need to be condescending about it. :)
@_date: 2017-09-10 17:47:44
Definitely. "Your keys, your bitcoin. Not your keys, not your bitcoins."
However, it gets even more important when a hard fork is coming up, which is why I mentioned it.
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:57:52
Yes, it would require a hard fork. Replay protection is making the new chain incompatible with the old chain.
Perhaps the most significant aspect of this is if the new chain implements replay protection it won't work immediately on existing wallets and systems. This gives the new chain a strong incentive to not implement it.
Lastly, if the developers and backers of Segwit2X don't want replay protection, even if core was to hardfork themselves to add it (which would be insane), the developers of Segwit2X could just merge those changes into Segwit2X to "remove" the replay protection.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:03:07
That's exactly my thinking, yes.
Hah, we'll see how it goes. Personally, I think we got a ways to go still.
@_date: 2017-09-23 01:08:56
Well... sort of, but it gets kind of wishy-washy depending on how we define these things, and how strict we get with our terms.
Yes it is considered a government entity. Members of Board of Governors are chosen by the president and confirmed by the Senate. All solidly in support of your point, but it gets less straightforward from here.
No, employees of Federal Reserve Banks are not government employees. 
[Taken directly from the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond](




Congress is not allowed to audit the Federal Reserve (at this point in time). The federal reserve sets its own operating budget with no oversight or checks and balances. This could be changed by congress and the senate, but that is how it works currently.
Where it really gets into a grey area though, is how they make their money. The vast majority of their income comes from interest the government pays them for securities the fed has purchased. The small amount not coming from this is interest and fees various banking services they perform. 
From that income, they pay off their budget, pay millions in "Statutory Dividends" to the 12 banks. and then donate the rest of that income to the United States Treasury.
[A little dated, but directly From the website of the Federal Reserve bank of San Francisco](










Edit: removed a section here because I was incorrect in that section. 
So sure, it's a government organization. But it makes its money like a private corporation, it budgets itself like a private corporation. It's employees are not government employees. When the government needs more money, the federal reserve doesn't only decide how much the government gets based on what they feel would be sound monetary policy, instead the federal reserve gets to charge the government interest on the money it created out of thin air.
It's a pretty bizarre system. And while saying "The Federal Reserve is a private organization" isn't entirely true, "If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck."
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:16:57
I would have preferred a slightly more concrete verification, but it does look like it's him to the best I can determine.
Crazy stuff.
@_date: 2017-09-01 22:32:37
Neat! Thank you, you've given me something to research.
@_date: 2017-09-12 02:05:37
But there are good reasons. If one implementation has incomparable consensus rules with another implementation, any traffic between the nodes is just wasted resources after the initial sync.
From the point of view of a bitcoin core node, ALL connections from a Bitcoin-ABC or btc1 node are wasted resources to the detriment of the network's operation.
From the point of view of a Bitcoin-ABC or btc1 node, being able to connect is very useful for the initial fork to get the history up to date, but from that point on wastes resources on the btc1/Bitcoin-ABC node.
Bitcoin-ABC now has enough nodes running now that there isn't an issue, and btc1 nodes will still be able to connect to bitcoin core clients running &lt; 0.15, so there is no issue there either. (people are very slow to update software)
~~Removing that change actually hurts btc1 overall.~~ Edit for accuracy: That change DOES have to be modified in btc1 otherwise btc1 nodes would block themselves. However, after the initial fork, it would be in btc1's best interest to implement the same kind of change to block Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin-ABC nodes.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:13:45
Very true. 
"When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do, sir?"
@_date: 2017-09-29 01:45:36
Here you go!
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:55:06


This really nails it on the head. The core focus of the subreddits is very different.
* is about bitcoin, memes, and optimism.
* is about hating hating core, hating blockstream, and being in favor of bitcoin cash.
@_date: 2017-10-11 20:32:18
Well that is a good benefit from the way they implemented segwit, but when I look at [BIP 141]( I don't see that anywhere as one of the motivations behind Segwit. 
The poster I replied to said that core will never support a block size increase. If increasing block size had not been one of the intentions of segwit, it would be pretty easy to define block weight as "Total Size * 4" instead of "Base size * 3 + Total size". At which point there isn't a reason in BIP 141 to use block weight at all.
@_date: 2017-10-02 16:00:08
Of the two a hardware wallet would be more secure.
Trezor, for instance, doubles the amount of time required between each attempt at entering the pin. This makes it functionally impossible to brute force, so even in the unlikely case the safety deposit box was compromised (not very likely), your coins would still be safe.
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:54:56
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:25:39
Happy to help!
@_date: 2018-02-13 19:05:17
Hear me out. I don't think you are comprehending the scale here. There are more bitcoin addresses than there are atoms in our galaxy.
And not just a little bit more, 4,824,670,383 TIMES more.
Really think about this. If each bitcoin address was one single atom, there would be 4.8 BILLION galaxy's worth before we used them all.
"Running out" is not, and could never be an issue.
@_date: 2017-09-26 22:53:45
I think decentralized resource sharing has a lot of potential, but It looks like ultimately what is happening here is a phone is being produced to create/push a new crypto-coin.
[Some relevant details from another article.](






@_date: 2017-09-15 20:19:57
Cause it's a non-issue. The hash power follows the money. Not the other way around.
Right this second, it's not correctly balanced. BTC has a higher percent of the hash power than it should for the price ratio of BTC / BCH. 
* [BTC 1.15x](
* [BCH 1.00x](
This is because the price of BCH suffered more (as of right this second) than BTC did during these price fluxuations, leading to what should be a 1-1 ratio skewing in favor of BTC.
The difficulty adjustment fixes that. BCH is also undergoing a 20% increase in difficulty (although slightly less than us to fix the ratio mentioned above), it's just 4-5 days later than ours is due to the timing of it. 
If the hash power goes, up the difficulty adjusts. If the hash power goes down the difficulty adjusts. It doesn't matter how much hash there is, as long as it's well distributed between different parties. 
Yes the fluctuations may cause transactions to go through a bit slower over the next 5 days, but it's not a big deal. It's sub optimal, sure, but there is nothing to worry about.
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:08:45
They were signers of the NYA, but that doesn't mean they are guilty of something. They have not actively attempted to undermine Bitcoin, they just supported what (at the time) looked like a good comprise that might prevent a chain split. 
Now that the true intentions and motives of the NYA have been laid bare, each signer will need to decide how they feel is best to proceed.
Coinbase has taken the correct approach here, which is "let the users access both coins instead of passing judgement on either chain". This is the best approach they could take for the users, and I don't understand what more you would want from them? It certainly would not be an improvement if they only allowed users to withdraw the original chain, and didn't allow them to withdraw the new chain.
As of yet, I haven't seen any evidence that indicates Coinbase is pushing 2x, only that they signed the original agreement, which didn't seem so bad at the time. When push came to shove, they made the decision that was best for their users, and best for them as a business (allowing access to both coins).
Regarding replay protection, that is a more complex subject. If the segwit2x fork adds in reply protection, they make their chain incompatible with all existing bitcoin systems. If they don't add it in, their coin works naively on existing wallets. Even if **I** would rather the segwit2x folks add in full replay protection, I also have to concede it would be insane of them to do so. They don't want a fork, they want to "upgrade" (take-over) bitcoin. Full reply protection would be directly in opposition to that goal.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:05
Happy to help! Good luck and take care.
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:03:19
Yes for sure!
While I may not personally support the fork at this time, I think the fact that the users of bitcoin have the freedom to do this whenever they want is a huge part of what makes bitcoin so powerful.
It's the first money truly by the people, for the people.
@_date: 2017-10-10 20:39:18
[Have you not seen Coinbase's post on the subject?](
They are handling the subject very well and fairly.
@_date: 2017-10-07 03:07:01
Hey I'm about halfway through replying to this, but it's taking a lot longer than I expected.
You asked very good questions, and I want to answer them to the best of my ability. Because of that I want to take my time with the reply.  I should have time to finish writing it out tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:43:28
Yea, totally agree about the deposits. 


Oh that is a really good point. The regularity (and moderate lack of consistence) between the withdrawal timing is pretty interesting too. A lot of them were a month apart, but sometimes a week, sometimes 5 weeks. Pretty casual about the whole thing.
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:32:34
Segwit is a moderate block size increase. [Here's a 1.2 MB block from within the last 24 hours.](
Depending on who's numbers you want to use, at 100% adoption of segwit results in a block-size increase of around 80%-120%.
If core was "never going to support a blocksize increase", Segwit could have been developed without the weight system it uses, and we could have stayed at 1MB blocks.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:10:29
The thing to understand is right now, you own no bitcoin. None.
You own an IOU from Coinbase. An IOU, that unlike traditional bank accounts (which also represent an IOU), is not backed up by FDIC or equivalent regulations.
Coinbase appears to be in a very solid place, and is playing very nice with the legal system, making it much safer than most of the "bank-like" alternatives for your bitcoin.
If you are unable to be positive you can keep your money safe, coinbase may be a better option than holding it yourself, but understand that as of this second you don't own any bitcoin, Coinbase does. 
That distinction is entirely crucial to why bitcoin will succeed at all. 
I have a decent opinion of Coinbase, but what happens if they start using a form of fractional banking like any real bank? They could easily do that since you don't own a bitcoin, you own a promise, and promises can be duplicated without real coins to back it up. There is no regulation preventing something like this. Now I don't think this is likely in the slightest, because people would flip their shit, but they CAN.
Anyways my intention is not make you think "Coinbase is unsafe". I think if you cannot keep your own bitcoin secure, Coinbase is a far safer option. However, bitcoin's history is littered with failures of institutions like this (look into BTC-e or Mt. Gox) and not needing to trust a bank to hold your money is a huge part of why bitcoin is so important.
On the day to day scale, humans are very slow to adjust to paradigm shifts. We've now invented the first human currency that has no need for banks, and does not benefit from banks, and provides us a freedom from issues caused by corrupt banking practices, and the first thing we do with it is build banks to store it. :)
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:47:56


Fair enough.


Ah that is a very interesting point. I think I will poke around on that subject, and possibly send him a message to gather some more information on that. Thanks.


Fair enough, and I have no qualms with that or you. In all things I strive to remain open to changing my opinion if the information I have changes.


Happy to help, and nope you have not offended me in the slightest. If you had attacked me for defending him and urging moderation, that would have offended me, but nothing you have done has bothered me. I wish you nothing but the best, take care. :)
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:48:24


Thank you!
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:59:07
This just reeks of scam.
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:17:49
Generally my guideline is if nothing is being requested from me, I default to believing a story, unless there is a good reason not to.
Conversely, when something is being requested, when believing the story has some kind of cost, I default to not believing the story, until a good reason can be produced to believe it.
@_date: 2017-09-09 17:04:12
My understanding is they were part of the original NYA
I have, however, completely failed to find any recent statements from them that directly state they are following 2x in november. It's likely they are just going to observe how things are going, and decide based on support at the time.
They want to make money, I don't think they will shoot themselves in the foot here.
That said, I wouldn't leave any of my coins on there at the time of the fork.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:53:53
Sure, you are definitely correct.
But what people who aren't software developers don't often realize is that the number of times the reverse ends up true is at least 10 to 1. Probably far higher than that.
I'm not making any statements about this particular request, as I have no involvement in bitcoin code development, but speaking strictly from my own experience as a software engineer, isolated instances like this end up being user error/bad input/hardware failure far more often than they end up being an actual bug.
Additionally, until a bug can be reproduced, it's very hard to track it down and fix it.
If an overview of the relevant code doesn't reveal anything off, often the only thing a developer can really do is just wait for more occurrences. If it's a user error, it'll go away. If it's an actual issue, someone else will have it happen, which gives the developer more data to try and figure out how it's happening so that it can be fixed.
@_date: 2019-09-19 02:51:35
No direct effect on real estate. 
Oh god, okay let me try my hand at an explanation:
Banks are generally broke. Banks borrow money from each other constantly. In a really crude sense, think of these loans as payday loans for a bank. You'll have the money soon, but you need to pay your electric bill or your power get shut off tomorrow. 
Too many banks did this all at once, and there wasn't enough money available to be lent out for this. This causes the interest rate on the loans to start shooting way up. 
Where we are at right now, this kind of thing could trigger a cascade event. Bank A,B,C can't get the money they need for payroll, even though they have assets worth the money. They then sell those assets at a lower price than they are worth, because they need this money right now. Too many banks do that at once, the value of the asset crashes because everyone is selling and nobody is buying. This could then trigger more waves of similar events and then "oh fuck we have a banking crisis like 08".
To prevent this and keep things running smoothly, the federal reserve offered emergency loans. To get one of these loans, you have to hand over a specific type of investment as collateral. So basically the fed was acting as a pawn shop here, and handed out an an assload of emergency payday loans.
@_date: 2017-10-24 22:16:53
And even without that, I'm sure an AI could very easily gather a sufficient amount of blackmail material on quite a few people very trivially.
@_date: 2017-10-10 23:55:31
Totally agree. 
How dare core not do what they said! The audacity! The impudence! /s
It just reeks of entitlement to me.
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:28:08
Bitcoin? That is my favorite surprise!
@_date: 2017-09-04 18:02:55
I think everyone is missing the best part of this. Has anyone actually looked at the coin's 'motto'?
**"Lydian - The First A.I. Big Data Marketing Cloud for Blockchain"**
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:10:36
To my knowledge, Coinbase has not issued a statement on this subject yet. They were one of the signatories of the New York Agreement, so if they do not renege on that "agreement", it is likely things would play out as OP has laid out.
When Bitcoin Cash was created, Coinbase simply did not acknowledge it, and had no intentions of providing the newly created bitcoin cash to their users. They made posts to this extent, and said that people who wanted bitcoin cash from the split should move their coins off of Coinbase prior to the fork.
Some time after the fork, (perhaps due to discontented users) they have stated they will set up systems allowing for the withdrawal of BCH, but provide no further support for it.
It seems likely to me, that unless they state otherwise, they will pick one of the chains (core / 2x) as the "real" chain, and will only operate on that chain. Thus if you withdraw bitcoins after that point, you will get whatever chain they deem is the real one. This is made even more likely by the lack of reply protection, which makes it trickier to separate the coins than it was with BCH.
In practice, it seems likely they will release a statement prior to the fork clearly spelling out their intentions. Despite being signatories of the NYA, I imagine they are watching the situation and waiting before they make their decision about what to do.
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:19:15
Hah! Good call! If I am going to refute him, it's not helping to merely state he is wrong. It is my responsibility to provide information.
What he's describing is corporate software development. Developer works for Company X. Company X is attempting to make money producing some product. Developer has a boss and deadlines, and needs to make the thing he is told.
By contrast, open source projects are largely volunteer based. If you are volunteering some portion your free time to building up a system, the idea of bosses and deadlines makes no sense. 
From 




In addition to individual volunteers, it's not uncommon for a company to donate funds or engineering work to a project. In this circumstance, the developer would have a boss, and could certainly have deadlines put on him, but these are not inherently related to the open source project. These are related to the company that signs his paycheck.
The managers of the repository have no obligation to merge in these changes, and changes funded by a company must go through the same peer review process that any other proposed change would go through.
The significance is in where new proposals originate. In a more corporate setting, you have someone in charge decide that resources should be spent on some project. They decide the priorities, and who works on what for how long. There is a top down push to bring about changes according to some structured plan.
In a large open source project, many, most, or all of the improvements are thought up by third parties and then implemented. It's a group effort, without someone calling the shots and saying "now you need to work on feature X". If someone wants to add a feature they do so. If the other developers approve of that feature, it gets merged into the repository.
Individual developers may or may not be compensated for their work, based on if a company would like to donate time/funds to the project, but there isn't some great plan, where you go to the repository, further the "Core development plan", and then get money for it if you finish it in time. That concept is in stark contrast to the whole idea of open source software.
I would recommend reading about the "Bitcoin Core Sponsorship Programme". It explains how contributing funding works.
Lastly, just to back up some of my statements a little better, in the ["Bitcoin Core 0.15 Deep Dive"]( video, Greg Maxwell says:






[Link to relevent part of the video.](
[Transcript here](
@_date: 2017-10-10 20:46:32
[No they aren't.](
@_date: 2017-09-09 16:53:09
Do you have a link for that, I'd be interested in reading it?
@_date: 2017-10-02 15:43:50
I was hoping this would get posted.
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:09:02


Hah, don't worry, almost certainly no harm has been done. My post was mostly about ensuring that you have an opportunity to decide how you feel safest keeping your coin in advance of any occurrence where it would matter.


Thanks! There is currently some heated opinions on the subject of how to scale bitcoin forward in the future, but the community is generally very helpful, friendly, and welcoming of newcomers. 


I buy my Bitcoin through Coinbase. I have not actually "sold" any. However, when I do so, it will likely either be through Coinbase or GDAX. I think a bit of a longer explanation may be necessary here to bring you up to speed, so bear with me here.
For a little explanation, Coinbase is GDAX. GDAX is their "trading" site for those interested in buying and selling the currency to make money. "Coinbase" is the super simple, easy-to-use site that allows people to buy and sell (from GDAX) without having to deal with anything complicated.
If you have a Coinbase account, it's not a lot of work to get set up on GDAX. If you want to buy bitcoin you have two main options with this company. 
1. Deposit fiat currency (I believe via Coinbase). Wait for the bank transfer to clear. Once the process is fully cleared it's not hard to use that money on GDAX to buy and sell as you see fit.
2. Buy directly via coinbase. If you do this, the transaction is created at the moment you click "purchase". There is also a small fee added, and a small margin on the current price. The BTC is not made available to you until the bank transfer clears. For me this has always been about a week. The advantage of this is you can get in at a particular price immediately, without having to wait for the funds to clear or having to deposit fiat currency in advance. It's also very, very easy. The disadvantage is you pay higher fees. 
Either way, once the process is finished you now have some amount of bitcoin in your Coinbase account. You still technically own zero bitcoin at this point, but as long as nothing major happens with Coinbase they are "good for it" and will turn the bitcoins over to you upon request.
At this point the question then becomes where do you keep the bitcoins. There are a lot of different choices of wallets, with various pros and cons. In my case, I settled for a "hardware wallet".
So I tend to buy my Bitcoin using method 2) above. When the transaction clears, and the bitcoin is credited to my Coinbase account, I send it to an address generated by my hardware wallet. Only at this moment only do **I** control the Bitcoin. 
At some later point, lets say I decide I want to sell. I would go to my Coinbase/GDAX account, and get a receiving address. From my hardware wallet I would initiate a transfer to that receiving address. 
Then I can sell the coin via Coinbase or GDAX, and withdraw the money into my normal bank account.


Okay so if the main thing are looking for is to be able to easily liquidate them, your best bet is probably to keep them on an exchange. I would consider Coinbase/GDAX is the safest one for this purpose. (I want to stress that is just my opinion.)
To consolidate your coins, you would first go to your Coinbase Bitcoin account and click the "receive" button. It will give you an address. 
Then you go to your other wallet, and send the bitcoin to that address. **Make sure to be very, very careful when you do this.** Double check the address carefully. If you copy/pasted it, make sure it the address that was pasted was the same as the address copied. If you want to be even more paranoid, use a phone instead of a computer, or check the addresses on two separate devices before you hit send.
And as with before, please don't be worried or anxious from this, I just want to make sure you are careful. Bitcoin is incredibly safe, secure, and convenient, but there is no safety net to protect users from themselves. If you send the coins to the wrong address, they are gone. If you don't employ good computer security practices, and malware compromises your accounts/private keys, you lose your coins.
All of these problems have solutions, with varying levels of risk and effort, and if you have more questions I'm happy to share any knowledge I have.
@_date: 2017-10-13 02:54:30
I saw your post and I was like ha ha very funny.
But... you weren't joking. o_o
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:43:55
My assessment is Blockstream supports core, as core's approach aligns with Blockstream goals, but core is not controlled by Blockstream.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:54:23


Oh yea, I definitely agree with you. It really seems like the guy wants to make an alt-coin and he missed the easy time to do that.
Ahhh neat, I hadn't heard of Golem. Exactly what we're talking about.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:03:56
Happy to help!
Sure! Feel free to message me whenever.
@_date: 2017-10-11 17:53:55
Yes. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 20:00:58
Oh sorry, no I was agreeing with you, and then sharing my favorite quote on that subject.
Sorry for the confusion!
@_date: 2017-10-02 16:08:01
Yea it's kind of a cool idea. Leave 10 bucks in bitcoin in a paper wallet. :P
Watch the wallet and see how long until someone finds it.
@_date: 2017-09-10 17:43:32
Hah! Thanks, that's pretty funny actually.
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:56:40
Of course it isn't. 
But a decade and a half of over-the-top security theater, erosion of rights and spying on our own citizens ends up coming with a price that is more significant.
One pat down isn't anywhere in the same league as a suicide bomber murdering people and spreading terror. But how about ten million pat-downs and media campaigns designed to keep people in a state of fear to justify the foreign policy we feel is best for our country. How about the cultural cost we pay for this as an entire generation has grown up knowing nothing else?
How do those weigh against a suicide bomber? You need to look at a larger picture when forming your opinion. You are welcome to come to the same conclusion if you feel the pros out-weigh the cons, but don't trivialize and misrepresent the cost we pay for it.
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:34:45
That was a very nice, unbiased answer.
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:06:46
This topic is giving me a really bad case of RAS Syndrome.
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:48:09
Can you post the screenshot for us to look at?
@_date: 2017-10-03 23:09:32
The vanity address doesn't make sense either. 
Most of the time when I've looked at transactions from hacked coins, you see something like this:
Where as this vanity address could have cost $60 or so... received one transaction in, and didn't spend it, pool it, or combine it with anything?
It's super odd, but I have no good theories.
@_date: 2017-10-30 18:24:37
If I have to take a boat to get there, how many knots per hour should I travel at?
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:25:46
It did not appear to be highly controversial when they were sold on it. At the time it appeared like a reasonable option that one could have supported in good faith.
As time has gone on, more data about the actions, intentions, and methodologies has become clear. This necessitates a reconsideration from these companies, but it does not condemn them for supporting it previously.
@_date: 2017-09-02 06:34:53
Just for some extra info. I just sent myself some bitcoin for about 7 cents. Could have gone way lower but I felt 7 cents was a good amount that would go through without issue. Didn't go through in the first block (due to about 22 minutes between blocks) but 5 minutes after that the next block took it. I ended up waiting about 15 minutes total.
@_date: 2017-10-10 18:29:50
Oh man... did anyone read the earlier email he was replying to?


That's pretty telling. "If you just did what we said, it wouldn't be contentious."
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:04:44
Nah, when creating a new account you get a [different email]( I think someone tried to send him bitcoin using coinbase.
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:22:46
Unless the fees are misrepresented in some criminal way, it's not fraud. If a business offers a service, they can charge whatever they want for it.
If you don't agree with their fee structure, don't use them. That's the freedom and power of a free market. But claiming fraud because you don't like their fees and think they are too high is inaccurate. I think having pay extra to check in my luggage at the airport is messed up. That doesn't make it fraud. 
More importantly though, fees have nothing to do with the post I was replying to. His post was related to the 2x fork in November, and how Coinbase will handle it. Prior to them releasing a statement, there was valid concern that Coinbase might just decide 2x was "bitcoin" and not allow users to access their BTC, instead offering them the 2x with no choice in the matter.
Coinbase has come out and said they aren't going to do this, and I was passing that information on.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:49:29
Always is a strong word, and I would caution against working in such absolutes.
The answer to your literal question is probably no. Some day something will displace it. From today's context our society can barely imagine a future with cryptocurrency at the core of our money. Imagine what will happen when a generation reaches adulthood that has never known anything else. Change is inexorable. 
However, a much more practical way of looking at it would be something like this: 
I believe that cryptocurrency is on the verge of a massive boom, in which it replaces conventional currency. During this adoption period, a large amount of wealth is transferred into the new system, and those who have invested early receive a larger portion of that transfer. 
Once that transfer is complete (whatever that means) the potential for great returns falls as it begins behaving like a currency instead of behaving like a speculative asset / technology investment. 
So the real question becomes "During the cryptocurrency paradigm shift, will Bitcoin be the dominant cryptocurrency?" **I believe as of this moment in time, all signs point to a strong yes.** 
There are two primary reasons I feel this way.
1. For another currency to displace bitcoin as the king, it would have to grow faster than bitcoin was growing. It seems to me bitcoin is going to soon hit the "knee" of it's adoption curve very soon (&lt; 5 years imo). This adoption of bitcoin is increasing exponentially, and I see this continuing for a decent length of time. For another currency to overtake bitcoin, it would have to be adopted even faster than that. I do not see this happening. 
2. Scale is hard. Really really hard. Holy shit scale is hard. Bitcoin has been undergoing massive growing pains because of how hard it is to scale to the size we need. The recent fork with Bitcoin Cash is representative of how hard it is to solve scale, (a sizable chunk of the bitcoin community disagreed on the best way to solve this issue). For any other cryptocurrency to replace bitcoin, they'd not only have to grow faster than bitcoin, but they'd have to do it without hitting major growing pains. Now it is true many of the coins can leverage the solutions used in bitcoin, so they will have an "easier" time of it, but I think it's still a herculean effort.
My opinion is I do not see any other cryptocurrency established today managing to accomplish both of these before mainstream adoption of cryptocurrency is already mostly complete. After that, it's anyone's guess.
The only thing I could see being a potential threat will be when governments attempt to create their own centrally controlled cryptocurrencies. I see a massive propaganda campaign against bitcoin as very likely during this time. However, I remain optimistic that a free and open system will win out. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 20:39:00


As much as I would love to know the truth, I think it's really important he doesn't do this. The most personal reason is if he does, he instantly damns his family and friends. People will threaten or hurt them to try and get access to Satoshi's coins.
The other thing is his idea is actually more powerful as a mystery. By not knowing, it helps the cause of bitcoin. And, I suspect he deliberately does not want to steer the community at this point. Bitcoin as a social experiment is perhaps even more important than bitcoin as a currency. If his identity is ever revealed, people will carefully go back and reread everything he's said and it would sway things and negate a lot of the experiment.
@_date: 2017-09-11 21:57:33
No it isn't.




Violence may be employed in politics. Politics does not inherently contain violence.
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:41:32
With Trezor at least, you can also have a password that acts as a 25th seed word. 
So even if someone steals your seed phrase, they'd have to figure out the password to get your bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-03 23:13:01
Any chance you still have a link? I'd be interested in looking that up.
@_date: 2018-07-23 20:17:31


Can you provide any evidence or data to back up this statement?
@_date: 2017-10-01 00:15:39
Well we don't have any indication they are playing chicken yet. 
We know they supported the original agreement, but at the time the agreement looked like a good way past a long stalemate without a hard fork splitting the currency in two.
At this moment in time, if I was in charge of Coinbase, I would wait, watch, and not make a decision until it was clear which way the winds were blowing. There is plenty of time for this still.
Bitpay seems likely to have ulterior motives in this situation. I have not yet seen any indication that Coinbase does.
I agree with you in that I think the most likely outcome is either the fork does not happen, or that Coinbase withdraws its support for the NYA. The fact that the NYA did not prevent a fork has, in my mind, ultimately nullified the agreement. Time will tell how Coinbase will handle the situation.
Also, I don't think it's accurate to include Eric Voorhees in this condemnation. He has a different conclusion than I do, but he has also behaved civilly about it, and provided a well-spoken explanation of his reasoning, and been far more civil than the responses he got were.
I understand the need to mobilize against a threat, but it's important that we don't immediately lump anyone who has different conclusions than us as a threat and enemy. Let's make sure that we don't lose ourselves when fighting, we don't want to become what we fight against.
@_date: 2018-07-23 20:45:36
Yea but it's just not true. I want to stress that we aren't in a bad place at all at the moment. I am not arguing that the dollar is in the toilet, I am just showing (with data) that it is not "the strongest it's been since we went off the gold standard".
Okay so first lets look at the "Forex" half of it. So we are specifically looking at exchange rates between currencies.
If we compare ourselves to the other major currencies, we were significantly stronger from 1997-2003 or so. We were also stronger from 2015-2017 than we are now.
Comparing it to all currencies:
We were stronger from the middle of 2001 to the end of 2002. We were also stronger from the middle of 2015 to the middle of 2016.
Clearly we are doing well, but it's not "the strongest we've been since we went off the gold standard."
Now for fun lets look at the interest rates, and see what the truth is there (I don't know yet, haven't looked). 
How are we measuring "good" interest rates? What kind of interest rates would reflect a strong dollar and why?
Define that for me, then I'll look up some graphs and we can check. :)
@_date: 2017-10-24 22:04:58
Ah yes...
The pink fleshy bits are always the easiest part to hack in any computer system.
@_date: 2017-10-02 17:53:56
Exactly. 
Andreas Antonopoulos made a comment like that in the Canadian Senate hearing. Most supporters of bitcoin start out as detractors, even if they are not vocal about it. Andreas's own initial reaction to hearing of Bitcoin was that it sounded like "nerd money".
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:45:10
My attempt to explain it as concisely as possible:
When BCH was created, all holders of BTC instantly received an equal amount of BCH.
If your BTC are held by Coinbase , you aren't actually a holder of BTC. You hold an IOU from Coinbase, redeemable for BTC.
Coinbase had no interest in supporting the fork, or in putting in the development time required to add BCH support. 
Thus anyone who stored their BTC in Coinbase did not receive their BCH. Coinbase has stated they will implement the ability for people to withdraw their BCH (I believe in early 2018).
This post is conveying the message that if your coins are in Coinbase, you don't get to chose if you receive 2x coins or core BTC back, Coinbase will choose for you. And their choice may be different than the choice you would make.
EDIT: Any wallet where you control the private keys will allow you to have them.
@_date: 2018-03-15 19:41:38
Right. Cause we aren't allowed to have negative opinions about people more successful than we are. That would just be silly, right?
Tell me, what is your stance on Trump?
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:04:23
I use a Trezor personally. 
If I didn't want to go with a hardware wallet, Electrum would be the one I would look first, but I haven't done a full in-depth plunge on it.
For iOS, Bread (formally Breadwallet) is what I would recommend.
@_date: 2018-02-21 01:50:18
Firstly, I wanna say I share your point of view. In the past I have certainly said "Who backs bitcoin? I back bitcoin. We back Bitcoin." 
However, for the sake of discussion, I am certain you aren't grasping the view taken by financial folks who say "Bitcoin isn't backed by anything".
What is really meant is more precise, and it is: "Bitcoin is not the liability of any group or organization." 
From a US Federal Reserve statement on bitcoin (in which they declared bitcoin "not backed):


This is a really important distinction. I only have a foggy understanding of it, but I'll try to explain it simply in a way that's not completely incorrect (Anyone who is actually an expert on this subject please chime in if I get anything wrong here):
When you render a service or good for someone and don't receive immediate compensation in assets or services, this creates an imbalance. To try and explain this lets consider a bar. Lets say you open a tab at the bar, and you order a drink.
You receive and consume your drink, but something else has been created. Debt. This debt consists of two halves, an asset and a liability. 
From your point of view, you now owe wealth to this bartender. The debt is to you a liability.
From the bar tender's point of view, he is owed wealth. The debt to him is an asset.
Well lets say you make bricks, and the bartender has no need for bricks. Now we have an issue. Maybe Pete wants bricks, but Pete doesn't sell beer. How do we get around this?
Well so far, the best our species has figured out is money. An abstraction of that debt that is easier to use for settling accounts. Money is a representation of this debt between you and the bartender. Between the bartender and his employees, between so many people that it is universally accepted among them. Yet it is fundamentally still a representation of this IOU.
So if money is a representation of this debt owed, and if this debt consists of an asset and a liability, then money must also consist of an asset and a liability.
So if you hold 1 dollar, it's clearly an asset for you. So to whom is it a liability?
In most developed countries, the answer is that it is a liability of the central bank. I would highly recommend reading this article, if you can find the time. It makes a lot of things more clear:
Here's an article where the directory of Portugal's central bank claims Bitcoin isn't a currency. I really don't care what he says or thinks, but why he thinks it has some value to this conversation:


Now we start to get near the end of what I understand. Dollars, aka federal reserve notes, used to be redeemable for silver or gold. If this is no longer the case, what exactly does it mean when they say that currency is a liability of the central bank? If I hand that currency over to the federal reserve, what are they required to give me? It's sure as shit not gold or silver anymore.
And another thing, if money is both an asset and a liability, who's liability is gold when gold was used as money? And I'm not even talking about gold coins. I'm talking about just like nuggets of gold, weighed and used as money. Who's liability is that?
Pretty sure if I can answer that at some point, I'll have a good answer to the "bitcoin is not backed by anything" argument. 
I'm inclined to think that central banks have attempted to redefine money after we went off the gold standard, and we're in make believe la-la land for as long as we'll put up with it. 
If anyone can shine some light on this, I'd be much obliged.
@_date: 2017-10-30 18:31:55
What bank was that?
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:55:26
My opinion is yes. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:56:26
He definitely did, but it's not even the only place he made that mistake.


He literally thinks Coinbase is bitcoin.
[The article is so outrageous Poe's law applies.]( I can't tell if he's trolling or just really doesn't understand the concepts.
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:01:14
Afraid I can't. I think it was supposed to be three(?) months after Segwit activated, but I haven't seen any hard dates thrown around yet.
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:34:01
Is joke. Middle aged woman no real. Sorry for disappoint.
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:39:16
Zing! 
Although, now you've got me thinking on the subject... Hypothetically if they were to implement a malleability fix via some other method, would that allow for cross-chain atomic swaps between BTC and BCH? Or does it specifically have to be Segwit to be compatible? If so, can you explain what the actual requirement is?
Cause there is no way in hell they are ever going to implement Segwit, lol.
@_date: 2019-05-15 19:33:06
In the long run its silly but in the shorter run it helps bridge the gap between being able to get paid in bitcoin and actually live using it without it being a huge hassle. 
I see this as a very good thing even if its certainly inferior to the longer term goal of retailers accepting bitcoin directly.
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:10:21
I have to strongly agree with this.
General rule, the more excited you are about buying it, the less you want to buy it right then. The less appealing it looks, the better a deal you're getting.
This is a little mini-bubble right now. I would wait a bit before buying more, personally.
All that said, DCA is the way to go.
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:31:21
Yes, although I would add he did later take that back.
I don't personally think it was deliberately BS, he was just ignorant of how impossibly difficult the coordination would have been and the rapid time-frame in which it would be necessary. I think this has very much been a learning experience for him. And I cannot really fault someone for grasping at straws after having 40 million dollars stolen.