@_author: killingyousmalls
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:33:48
I didn't say you said they were bad countries...
Ok so they are more free market than centrally planned market, I think that's great.  Point me towards a left wing politician with mainstream support who advocates for "centrally planned" markets to be implemented. 
I've said plenty of times now that it would look the same as a far right dictatorship would look....
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:15:05
Oh right so like a hypothetical Denmark but with taco Tuesday's or something?  On Tuesday they round up the bourgeoisie and force them to prepare and serve the proletariat delicious tacos while only charging enough for the cost of materials and a slightly below average wage for themselves yeah?  
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:19:14
On an individual policy level when you start talking about universal health coverage, higher education for all people paid through taxation which is apparently theft now and pretty basic workers rights, these are all things you guys (I guess it's safe to assume you too at this point) decry as extreme leftist policies.
ACTUAL extreme far left?  Never really been done before, there's no "extreme" far left government that didn't become totally indistinguishable from "extreme" far right dictatorship.
There's been no workers revolution that wasn't co-opted by some Trumpian strongman that I can think of anyway.  That's why you asked the question I guess right?
The furthest left I can think of is Denmark, further left than that doesn't make much sense to me personally. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:37:38
Oh you mean hypothetically?
Well I guess hypothetically speaking it would look something like Denmark.  Where they'd have leftist policies that help people and there'd be a bunch of leftist leftery going on in the streets and in people's homes all over the place.  All the intersections would be made into roundabouts where the only turns allowed would be left ones and all the politicians would wear special shoes so that no matter where they stand on an issue they will have to be left-leaning.   
EDIT: I know you are trying to spring some kind of gotcha here, I'm not about to serve it up for you tho.  You want to make some statement about hypothetical leftist governments that never existed?  Go for it.  I'm not gonna do that tho it doesn't interest me at all.
@_date: 2018-01-05 15:49:06
According to most of the brainwashed right wingers in this thread that would be [this veritable hellhole](  Where the state forces people at gunpoint to pay for healthcare for even their darkest skinned neighbors.  Where innocent bosses have literal guns pointed at their faces as they are forced to pay for shit like safe working environments and unemployment security.  
Fucking nightmare world basically.
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:00:47
I think there's plenty of people who would say they are against capitalism when really they favor just putting some basic regulation and consumer protection in place over an existing system.  The exceptions being healthcare and higher education which depending on how you look at it already exist in a controlled market anyway, and should be socialized IMO for the benefit of everyone.  
Maybe it's just my imagination but I feel like most people who are anti-capitalist even over in latestage capitalism are really just open to a few socialist reforms.  It's hard to believe anyone would have the hubris or the inclination to actually go through with dismantling capitalism as a whole anywhere in the world.  That would get pretty ugly pretty fast imo.  
The strong language is more of a response to the very real issues brought about by unfettered capitalism in this country, mainly powerful business interests keeping the little guy down and getting away with murder.  IMHO anyway.
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:52:56
What are you talking about?  I've only ever said things that match where my guns are.  
Are you just gonna pretend that Denmark doesn't have socialist policies for the sake of argument?  
Do you believe the things you say?
How hard are you trying to ignore leftist policies which make the citizens of Scandinavian countries some of the happiest most upwardly mobile people on Earth?
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:02:05
I told you Denmark is as far left as makes sense to me, I assume there are rules in Denmark, try the wikipedia page I linked already it gives a basic overview of how the government works there.  
Are there lots of rules and regulations in Denmark?  Are there very few rules and regulations in Denmark?  
Are the rules in Denmark written by democratically elected legislators or are the rules written by corporate lobbyists and only sponsored by democratically elected representatives?
Do the Rules written by corporate lobbyists mean they are more like freedoms and less like rules?  
The freedom to have all your data be counted towards your monthly data cap.  The freedom to have your lakes and rivers be toxic waste.  The freedom for any massive energy conglomerate or mining consortium to extract whatever it can from the national parks.  The freedom to fund private indoctrination centers with money from our already cash starved public school system.  The freedom to use the residents of your private incarceration facility as your own personal slave labor force. 
I'm not sure what you're getting at.
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:55:23
Who says leftists are anti capitalism?  Which democratic candidate was running on a platform of tearing down capitalist society?  I must have missed that part of Bernie's Town Hall lol
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:02:00
I mean I guess full blown animal farm communism is as far as you can get but most highschool educated leftists can tell you why that shit is a bad idea.  So I fail to see why he is insisting I bring it up.  
I agree I'm speaking from a right shifted American perspective, and that's a great example of the success right wing corporate propaganda in this country, but leftists here do not advocate for dismantling capitalism AT ALL in any meaningful numbers. 
The very idea of being anti-capitalist is absurd.  Unless that's just the only way you know how to refer to regulation of any kind on private business.  Which if that's the case it's another testament to the efficacy of right wing corporate propaganda in this country.
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:51:59
I don't think there are any real world examples of EXTREME (lol wtf) left.  The left isn't necessarily anti-capitalist.  Not sure which YouTuber told you it was.  The vast majority of left thinking is for regulated capitalism, similar to places like... Denmark.  
That's literally it.  
Why do you think Bernie did so well?  Go look up his policies.  Look up the policies on Hillary's website, where's the part about dismantling capitalism?
I'm sitting here telling you over and over and you insist on coming up with some "EXTREME left" boogieman which...
 Does. Not. Exist.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:19:12
90% is a super precise number you must have extensively studied your asshole before pulling that one out.
Do you think most leftists want to completely destroy capitalism and free markets?  Is that why we voted for Hilary?  Or Bernie even?  
I guess I'm coming from a more American perspective, maybe in your country they openly call for the seizure of the means of production by the state?  
Is that what the left is to you?  We want to eliminate capitalism entirely and have the state run all businesses and decide the prices for all goods and services?
And I'm the hilarious one?  HA!   
You need to seriously consider switching to a more reasonable collection of youtube subscriptions.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:59:26
Yeah otherwise they'd make their money the much easier way of going out and earning it through manual labor...  What are they gonna do not make money anymore out of protest?
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:19:18
[ahh the old...](
@_date: 2014-03-24 23:55:57
It's a lightswitch cover, a switcharoo if you will... it's also a massive spoiler
@_date: 2014-03-25 03:54:48
The joke I replied to is made on reddit frequently enough that people have been linking them together for years in a great chain refered to as the [reddit switcharoo](   There is an end to it, but you might as well not bother now.
@_date: 2019-09-05 22:43:51
Long term capital gains is 10%, just fill out your SAR pay your taxes and live large.   
It's not like you have anything to hide, I bought mine with a cash deposit through local bitcoins back in 2010/2009 at some point.  I don't remember the details, and the understaffed IRS isn't really gonna care enough to question it.  
The last thing I'm worried about is how annoying it'll be to click "sell" on coinbase and wait a couple days for my bank to post the transaction beyond pending status. It's incredibly simple why would you ever even worry about structuring your withdrawls?
@_date: 2019-09-05 03:31:47
I don't think either of you know anything about bitcoin, you can cash in plenty enough BTC with coinbase to live as baller as you want.  Your withdrawal limits go up more and more as you cash in more and more.
@_date: 2013-12-07 15:42:41
I think you are being downvoted because the whole thing is an obvious joke, and while this comment may have provided you with some kind of catharsis, it isn't teaching anyone anything, or reminding anyone of anything, it mostly just seems like you massively whooshed over the whole thing.
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:53:44
There is no normal in BTC, every day is something new and exciting.