@_author: kimcha87
@_date: 2018-01-16 02:55:29
Guess what... we now have bitcoin futures...
@_date: 2018-01-01 23:12:05
Thanks, but you haven’t addressed how it is an annoyance or how it raises fees for real users. 
It would cost millions of dollars to sustain an attack that has those effects and the benefit is very small. 
Here are some more details on my thinking:
@_date: 2018-01-12 11:12:27
How is this related to R. V.?
@_date: 2018-01-01 01:50:31
You don’t pick your citizenship. You are citizen wherever you are accidentally born. 
And yes, I’m most of the world you can move to a different place and not owe anymore taxes to the country of your citizenship. 
Only the US and an obscure African country force you into tax slavery for life no matter where you live. 
And when you try to renounce it must not be for tax purposes. Because then they will demand you to pre-pay taxes in the form of an exit tax. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:16:52
Thanks. So in your experience sellers are willing to use the escrow for local trades?
I was reading reports of how sellers were scammed, because buyers were claiming to have paid, but never did and localbitcoins sides with them. 
The escrow seems to be flawed for local trades, because there is no proof that I have paid. 
Would it be appropriate to ask them to hold a paper with writing confirming that I have paid and take a pic of them with their ID?
@_date: 2017-12-24 12:17:49
How do you use the site to estimate it correctly?
My attempt would be to scroll down to the “Mempool size in mb” chart and then toggle of low fees until only 0-1.5mb is shown and then use that to decide what fee will be cleared in the next block. 
So at the moment that means anything above 300. When you toggle on 200-300, it jumps to about 8mb. 
Is there a better way to estimate fees with that chart?
It would be awesome if you could sort this chart in reverse. Higher fees at the bottom, since that’s what would get wiped out first.
@_date: 2017-12-30 08:18:32
That’s how I see it too. 


But its important to note that transactions with “normal” fees are not being rejected because of “spam”. They are being rejected because there are too many people who are willing to pay above the “normal fee” for legitimate transactions. 
The reason fees are high is because people feel the value of making a transaction is higher than the cost to make it.
The current fees are the result of free market decision and the current scarcity of transactions per second. Which of course is the result of the block size. 
The point is, spam has no impact on transaction fees. All it does, as you said, is make the mempool look bad to an uneducated observer. But in reality it has no impact on any transactions or users. 


Right, i think that’s the right question to debate. Is a block size limit of 1mb good or bad for bitcoin. 
I haven’t researched this topic yet and can’t discuss this topic properly yet. But based on my current understanding there are at least two arguments about it:
1.	Big blocks make it difficult for people with low bandwidth to stay competitive, which leads to centralization. 
2.	big blocks make it exponentionally more expensive to run nodes, which decreases the network security. 
I agree with you that miners are wealthy and my understanding is that at this point it’s already only feasible with specialized hardware. So it’s already in the hands of professionals for whom bandwidth probably makes no difference. 
But  is a problem. Because we need nodes to keep the miners in check as far as I understand. And if they become expensive to run, less people will run them. 
Maybe someone more knowledgeable can weigh in on those issues. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:12:22
Can someone please explain to me how a spam attack hurts bitcoin?
I keep asking this question, but nobody replies me. Perhaps you will. 
If someone adds hundreds of MB of low fee transactions to the mempool, what difference does it make?
The size of the mempool is completely irrelevant to the fees. Miners can only include 1mb worth of transactions and they will only include the top 1mb with the highest fees. 
If users submit 5mb with transactions worth 100-1000 Satoshi / byte, how would even 200mb of 1 Satoshi / byte spam transactions make a difference?
At most they waste RAM on nodes, but nodes can choose the size of their mempool and simply not accept transactions below a certain limit. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:43:56
Awesome thanks. I appreciate the advice. 
On the topic of bitcoin ATMs. 
I went to one yesterday, but the price was 25% above the current price. On the website the person promises 10% premium on top of the bitpay price. 
Is it possible that this was a technical glitch or can an ATM provider fix the price?
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:14:07
I disagree with your complaint that the ledger is easy to get in. It was the main reason for me to buy the ledger instead of the Trezor.
With the Trezor you never know if you received a real, unmodifeid Trezor. 
It's software and hardware are open source. So any one between SatoshiLabs and you could assemble their own identical trezor with a modified software that generates predictable seeds and replace it to you.
With the Trezor there is no way to verify it at all. With the Ledger you can open it up and see if there are any modifications when you buy it and in the future. You can also verify the integrity of the software.