@_author: kimjongok
@_date: 2016-08-11 12:20:07
Alright thanks for your input :) I appreciate it.
@_date: 2016-08-11 11:19:26
So if we have 200k Bitcoin Tx a day, then assuming everyone only does 1 trade a day, we know that there are exactly 200k traders? (every other source of transactions discarded). However the real number is higher since if i buy 10 BTC and sell it 10 minutes later my balance on the blockchain is never changed?
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:39:46
Oh I didnt actually know that. Thanks for the info :)
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:39:16
in europe its fairly standard to know a ballpark figure. Considering this is a support role, the wage would be much less negotiable anyway... 
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:00:51
I might have a little insight on this. Firstly, to clarify something: decentralization has nothing to do with privacy. If thats what you are after, then Bitcoin isnt the right coin for you. While it is true that addresses themselves are annonymous, the way that law enforcement works is by targeting the entrance and exit ways to crypto, which are exchanges. Once it has bin confirmed that certain funds have bin used in illegal activities, these can be tracked. Since wallets are annonymous, your friend has no way to clear his name if somehow those coins found their way to him. If you want to obscure your tracks, you can use a mixing pool, where it is no longer certain which money came from which address. Now this part I dont have certain information, however all coins associated with this mixing pool will be attributed a certain value in relation to the bitcoins laundered in this way. Eventually you will have certain addresses at exchanges where this "crime" value reaches a certain point, which is a strong indicator you have found your drug dealer or what have you. The beauty of the blockchain is that its a public distributed ledger. All you need is enough transactions and eventually you will find your criminals.
Your friend probably just got in contact with tainted coins. Nothing to be done about that probably without a lot of legal work. Good luck to him either way. Once Lightning comes out and is widely used, such tactics will once again become much harder to implement due to offchain transactions not being recorded. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:54:54
Just for the transaction volume:
@_date: 2018-01-03 11:32:07
You guys should probably post what you are willing to pay, hours, holiday days etc... Im guessing this is all fairly standardized, so it shouldnt be hard to give people an estimate. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:57:06
lol... Ill just leave this here:
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:07:13
If by contain thousands of transactions you mean that in Bitcoin you dont actually have a certain number of coins in your wallet, but just a collection of transactions, of which you may need to send someone several to make up the desired amount, then that changes nothing. If you mean something else, please give a reference source to what you are refering to.
@_date: 2018-01-19 04:23:33
I tried to find that myself, but this is the best i found in the 1 minute i was googeling... so, no actual idea :/
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:41:36
I agree with everything you said, however it doesnt actually touch on anything i said. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:42:37
I didnt participate in the "development" of the pet rock either and that was completely useless. I can still make that comment. If things dont change then BTC will become the same product and be the worlds most expensive pet rock. 
I dont need to be part of the DEV team to have an opinion. 
Have you bin part of the development or the testing? Do you program? Do you run your own business? 
@_date: 2017-12-30 21:22:16
Ok yeh i see the point for the exchanges, but i wonder if exchanges will require you to close a channel for security reasons. The point about merchants is taken, however you require money flowing both ways in the end no? Sure for repeat customers it will be cheaper, but is limited by the amount of money I actually have to spend. If i only have 0.1 BTC and create a channel, then I will have 0.1BTC locked up and will only be able to use that amount since realistically i dont see money flowing the other way. Anything wrong with that assessment so far? 
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:47:50
How the network and flow of money will look is yet to be decided, however you can only send as much coin through a channel as is "staked" or whatever you call it. If i have 1 BTC then i cant have have more than 1 BTC flow through it in one direction, if we assume none flows the other way. Now look at how and who we pay for what everyday. I pay my groceries, my drinks and food at restaurants and bars, etc... The only person/company that usually pays me is my employer. Now, how do I get any money flowing the other way? Sure you can say that others can use my channel going the other way, but then again, whoever I am paying need to use a channel going my way to pay their supplier of the goods im buying. My point is that without large adoption, I dont actually see how lightning would change anything at all. Even with adoption there are potential problems with how the money flows. I work with networks for a living, so maybe I am missing some detail on how the tech works, however if you can ellaborate on how you think the network will work it could clear some things up in case Ive got it wrong. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 14:36:30
Actually i remember reading that for LN to service say 6 billion people with 2 channels created by each person a day, we would need 133MB blocks. Its somewhere in their website apparently. A user posted something like this a whole ago, but if you are curious im sure google will be your friend. LN will need bigger blocks though if lots of people want to create and close channels. Those are all on chain transactions. LN solves many problems, but not all. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:38:11
Very interesting paper. Thanks :) A lot of people think that LN will solve all of Bitcoins problems immediately, however I honestly dont know how much it will truly solve immediately. For LN to solve anything at all you require Bitcoin to be more widely adopted and used. If you are only moving your Bitcoins from your wallet to an exchange and back, and we assume that everyone else ever performs such transactions, then the number of on-chain transactions for performing such an action would double, since opening and closing channels requires one Tx each (Im im wrong with that please correct me). 
Edit: Clarified certain points.
Considering that, i feel like you will probably require segwit, larger blocks, lightning and something similar to the paper you linked. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:15:22
At least we can agree that I dont need to contribute to something to bitch about it :) Sure I could have phrased things nicer, however the question was why it wasnt implemented. In the end I guess its lack of developer ressources, since adding something to a GUI truly isnt a lot of work, especially if its already added to the backend. The fact of the matter is that Bitcoin is nearly unusable for its intended purpose. Unless im moving lots of money, its simply not feasible. It was posted recently that if Segwit was adopted by everyone, then the congestion problem would have bin solved at this very moment in time. Since the Segwit2x fork has bin cancelled for a month now (more or less. Time just passes so damn quickly lately), it should really have bin added. If they knew it would take them a considerable amount of time to add it, then they should have just increased the blocksize. The argument against blocksize increase was that not everyone would be able to run a node otherwise (especially people in less developed countries). This argument seems to ignore the fact that the transaction fees are more than those same people probably even earn in a week or a month (depending on how dire the situation). Projections should have bin run on what scenarios Bitcoin could be facing and how to handle them. Adding something in the short run and replacing it once it is no longer necessary isnt a crime. It all just looks so god damn incompetent im having difficulties wraping my head around it.
On that note, lets start from the beginning, since I think we started on the wrong foot here. Honest question: What on earth are they thinking/doing! Id be interested in your opinion, since there is a good chance that you are better informed that I am. (Mind you I have never bin a fan of Bitcoin as a technological product in comparison to its competition from a purely technical perspective, however its reaching new levels here that I cannot understand). 
EDIT: Sorry for the formatting...
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:29:47
Yeh, but Segwit has bin out for months now and its still not built into the GUI yet... thats pretty trash IMO. 
Just to clarify, ofc they have segwit support, they developed the damn thing :D
@_date: 2018-05-14 10:00:03
So where are the dapps?
@_date: 2016-03-15 09:07:09
I had a similar Problem to you, however it was my fault at the time. I deposited above my daily allowance, which forced the Money to be in Limbo. Thankfully it was a fiat deposit, so my own back recalled it after the Money ended up being rejected by Kraken. It took a good 2 weeks to get a reply from them, but I suspect this is a consequence of them being extremely busy at the Moment/not being able to cope well with their own Expansion. They do seriously lack in staff for Support requests I believe, however at the same time I dont think anything fishy is going on here. Make sure you didnt wire over you "daily" Limit (not "weekly"). 
Apart from that good luck! 
@_date: 2016-03-22 10:47:19
Just be Aware that while it definitely is a versatile method of receiving Money, it is also extremely volatile, so unless you redeem the bitcoins for fiat Money straight away, you run considerable Business risk by Holding bitcoin. They may be worth 10% more or less in a week. 
If your Business hasnt made it to the online world, why would you bother getting paid in an online currency?
@_date: 2016-03-22 17:49:41
ohhhh...drugs i got it
@_date: 2017-11-17 08:41:58
Well I dont really know where it all will go, so I can only argue hypothetical scenarios like I did. I think it is important to accurately analyse the different potential outcomes and how viable they are to really understand the future of the technology though. I really think this type of discussion is missing in this space. Its mostly just name calling and memes :/
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:33:42
1. Energy cost doesnt mean GDP. Hence it wouldnt be worth the GDP of Denmark. Furthermore, if you look at  you can see that at the moment the fees are made up of 80% block reward and 20% fees. This has gone up to 40% during the whole BCH drama and was around 10% earlier. The trend for this has been a steady increase and with decreasing block rewards and my other points I expect this to increase further. I am not merely talking about a regular Tax on profits, but a green energy tax. Considering we are trying to lower our carbon footprint everywhere in the world, especially in China, where they are pushing the green agenda very heavily, I expect that Minning will incur extra taxes. 
2. So to understand this properly, You are saying that regardless of the value of bitcoin, if time tends towards infinity or something large, then the size of any transaction should also tend towards infinity, since it is made up of a combination of inifitely small parts, which all have a finite minimum byte size. Hence any transaction should have an inifnite cost associate with it. This is obviously taking the argument to the extreme and disregarding the fact that there is a minimum transaction value. 
3. There is little point arguing hardline economic theory here, since A) I myself am not versed well enough in it, B) Im pretty sure you arent an economics professor, C) Even if you were, you would have a bias that may not be reflected in reality and D) The most likely correct theory has elements from both supply and demand focused economics, meaning that inflation is an important issue to consider.
So in the spirit of having a constructive discussion, lets focus on points 1 and 2 if you dont mind.  
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:20:34
Well im not really confusing it, however in the scenario where BTC replaces fiat or is a serious contender, the lack of inflation of BTC does affect the economy. In that sense if BTC takes over, asset inflation is economic inflation since thats the main currency used. In the scenario where BTC makes up 50% or so of monetary worth, you need double the inflation to make up for the lack of inflation in BTC. Since inflation is pretty difficult to get just right, i see a lot of potential for BTC seriously messing up the balance if it happens too quickly. Do you still think my point isnt valid? If so, please ellaborate. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:41:58
1. Yes and no. So the price of bitcoin has usually gone up to cover the cost of minning, however this metric is diverging evermore. The gap is filled by tx fees. This coupled with potentially increases in extra taxes on mining may be problematic. There is a core difference in the energy use for the financial sector and for bitcoin mining. Bitcoin mining is designed to be computationally and energy expensive. The actual hashes being computed are a useless byproduct. It can easily be argued that its simply wasting a lot of energy. Either way, this in combination with reduced block rewards will increase tx cost and will reduce the type of things its economically viable to pay for with BTC. At what point does it no longer make sense to use the currency? Surely there must be a cutoff, for example paying 10% fee of the transaction (I know you cant make such a blanket statement, since it depends on the size of the tx, but lets assume average).
2. Lastly, sure my assumptions of invinitely dividing the value of BTC are obviously incorrect, but they just served to illustrate the fact that utxo keep getting smaller. How does aggregating UTXO work then? This is the first time I have heard it mentioned (Then again I hadnt actually looked for it i guess).
Anyway cheers for ur replies. Appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-11-15 18:57:26
Inflation is an extremely complex and powerful phenomena/tool. It actually caused the fall of Rome back in the day. 
For me the lack of inflation disqualifies Bitcoin as a real currency. Its more like a scarce resource. Due to this it shouldnt actually ever really become a contender with fiat currencies. On top of that I havent seen (maybe its there) a proposal for the long term future of Bitcoin. Its is evident that eventually minning will rely entirely on fees, as well as the fact it isnt energy sustainable. Now since I think in 2020 Bitcoin minning will already consume as much energy as the country of Denmark, at some point minning will become taxed. Furthermore, minning will need to become regulated to ensure that energy costs dont explode further or we will require a switch to a different system like PoS. In the case of increased taxes, the transaction costs will become too high to actually move your bitcoins and use them at all, creating a market that has 0 actual value since it has no more applications. I also honestly dont believe that Bitcoin will ever manage to switch to PoS either, considering the fact that the community is so reluctant to any sort of change. In my eyes Bitcoin is doomer to fail in the next 5-10 years if it doesnt fundamentally change. Maybe im missing something that invalidates my points, but so far I dont see any other outcome.
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:41:26
yeh it worked until it didnt. Its simply incompatible with our economic model at the moment. I also highly doubt that we will change our economic model for crypto. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 07:19:06
"printing more money is making your money worth less and having a finite supply is the future."
You should read up on the positive effects of inflation and the detrimental effects of not having inflation. Having a global finite supply of money would probably destroy the global economy.
@_date: 2017-11-15 18:13:46
That is where you are actually wrong. The fact that it has a fixed inflation rate is precisely what makes it the most suitable as a currency. If you look at our own monetary system, then you see that we try to keep inflation at roughly 2% or something in that ballpark. There are very specific reasons for this, which are partially outlined here: 
and here:
The TLDR is that we need inflation to ease the burden of debt, motivate people to spend money and drive demand and hence production forward. Hence cryptos require an inflation rate if they are to be a significant part of our economy. As far as I understand all the arguments listed and my own knowledge of economics, a crypto like Bitcoin would disincentivize people spending money and actively harm both the traditional stock market, as well as lending and borrowing, which would tank the economy. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:44:40
bcash has just put all the same problems on hold while they make bch cheaper to use in the short term than btc. In the long run they will both face the same problems in their protocol if they do not adapt.
@_date: 2017-11-20 15:36:38
Sure, but at a certain point if non-inflationary cryptos reach a certain marketcap then its non inflationary aspects need to be taken into account in our economic model and it may even break it. Thats all im saying. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 09:32:31
Why dont you print some more tethers?