@_author: kinetiktrader
@_date: 2015-08-15 10:33:21
FinCen and the Vegas Mob all sleep together owned by the Fed and financed by JP Morgan…
Come on guys we should rise up against this and stop them together…Its not fair….
There is no proportional representation in the voting system not even by race but more of social class influence…..
VIVA Le REVOLUTION 
Their truly is no taxation without representation. 
You don't support War but indirectly do by paying taxes I can bet that most people in this country do not support war overseas?
Why can't Bitcoin flourish in this "free economy"?
Do you see that USD is like physics and all the money is in one cup where millions of people need that liquid?
It's 2015 and topics like rascism and gay marriage wich should be already gone are still an issue while the poor and hungry are on the street?
International Trade Agreement supports jobs to go overseas is like lowering our borders and giving low paying job preference to immigrants over citizens.
Throw away the Government if you noticed its more about morality and philosophy. Revolution every certain amount of years so the crooners get das boot!
This country was built on it…Wake up USA we are not America unless we respect our citizens
@_date: 2015-08-31 23:33:16
Actually fuck the Rothschilds because of people like them their are terrorists or former clients they ripped off and abused. 
I used to think Iran was a bunch of crazy terrorists but it was England that ripped them off for oil and the USA that took their president out of power. Their president wanted to take the oil fields back realizing England took advantage of these people. So know thanks to rich oily people we have terrorists running ammuck. Fuck all these assholes!
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:34:13
its fucked up that poverty is an actual lucrative market
" remittances from Moldovans abroad account for almost 38% of Moldova's GDP, the second-highest percentage in the world, after Tajikistan (45%)"wikipedia
poverty creates impatience
impatience questions morals
morals decay
imorality is more accepted.
crimes are made....
society is derailed and misjuged
@_date: 2015-08-31 23:28:39
yea there part of the industrial finance terror network...what an excuse as to say so we don't like people getting rich doing what we do so lets say we need all your private info needs to be verified first cause you might be a terrorist. but sir i don't want a bank account and i find it insulting that without knowing who i am you are suspicious..
IGot burned...anyways it was only $65 but how many people have fallen for this gimmick.
why sould the majority suffer for the minority? literally...
Rothschilds  and Co steppin on us and these people don't get it...
@_date: 2019-04-18 15:17:48
It won't be because when the bank manager wants a night out, specially for their annual report, who's money is beeing used? The people's money and workers payroll can easily and quietly put back with the insiders notion of another bank to bank loan. The dysfunction they bank on is the same they do to each other. The bank manager won't get fired he is the keyholder of the banks secrets. When the bank is found out, he clearly states the bank did nothing wrong no matter how wrong they where, from loans to mismanagement of funds. It's all a public image that makes sure to feed confidence and warmth no matter what lie is beeing told. The people shrug say ohh, feel confident again and ignore. Wash, rinse and repeat. 
Our religion crucified it's saviors and doesn't retaliate when struck.
All Civil rights leaders are dead and with low salaries whistleblowers are an easy buy.
What is wrong hides behind what is right. In USA you think the bill to allow mental people to have guns is a motion towards gun ownership using the right to bear arms or it sets up failure to ban guns.
@_date: 2015-10-21 17:25:14
New York Bitlicense scams lesser wealthy investors that might have a chance to get that 5k a year. Eliminating the fear of more wealthy investors that get pounded by real innovators cause silver spooners where fed by servants they put into submission.
Poverty creates real innovation out of need.
I saw Bitcoin as a way out but the law has scammed us to help out the rich to get richer. Money Laundering laws are another scam if we are such a wealthy capitalist society why not let the money flow instead of controlling it with obvious monopolies. 
Keep on being a sheep cause they want your fur. Later it'll be your leather. 
I ask you this can you regulate the air and rain water? Are they the last frontier of pychoregulation?
Look around the banks own everything or a big wig living on the heath of elysium?
I got a big bank scam question which bank was used by Nazis during Ww2 to fund Germany knowing Hitler was starting a war?
@_date: 2015-10-21 17:43:13
Import - Export Bank scam for corporate welfare that helps fortune 500 companies that are already  that doing well. 
Corporate Welfare
Import Export Banks Legal Scam
