@_author: kingofthesea
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:08:44
That is a very interesting and contentious statement. What, specifically, do you think accountants do and how do you think bitcoin will replace them?
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:30:33
Will do buddy, have a good one.
@_date: 2015-01-06 02:11:19
Is this that guy that was on irc?
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:17:52
Ahahaha! Go for it mate; I don't let it bother me when the dog gets angry at the vacuum cleaner and this falls into the same basket: you just don't seem capable of understanding.
I sincerely hope for your sake that you're a troll - wow imagine what your life must be like if you're not! But on the off chance that you are serious, feel free to hate me, but ask yourself this:
Is a historical written account of what Hitler did anti-Semitic merely because it contains factual information about Hitler?
If not, then why would this video which is a historical account plus satire of an unrelated topic be anti-Semitic?
If yes, consider this: you deem a book about Hitler to be anti-Semitic because it contains information about Hitler; you yourself know about Hitler and so contain information about Hitler. Therefore, by your own logic, you are an anti-Semite.
Is that why you're so angry? Because by your own logic you hate Jews?  
Hitler was evil but banning representations of him is just meaningless censorship; something has to actually discriminate against Jews to be anti-Semitic and a historical account dubbed with Bitcoin satire does no such thing.
I enjoyed our chat; take it easy, man.
@_date: 2015-01-06 13:40:41
You fucking idiot. Just because something has Hitler in it doesn't make it instantly anti-Semitic. Are history books referring to Hitler anti Semitic? No. Is Berlin now inherently anti Semitic because Hitler lived there? No. Does wearing jackboots now forever condemn horse riders to being anti-Semitic because Hitler wore them? Absofuckinglutely not. Therefore, is a historical fictional account of Hitler's last days overdubbed with bitcoin parody text anti Semitic because an actor represents Hitler in it? Well since you can't be trusted to conclude an argument from analogy for yourself I'll answer for you: no, you fucking idiot. And you deserve to be patronised because you are willingly championing the role of professional umbrage taker for an offence that does not exist using a child like leap of logic. 
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:12:43
Out of interest, when did it go down?
@_date: 2019-03-02 23:34:39
You're wrong. There are certainly laws setting out taxes levied on bitcoin. For example, here is the UK HMRC guidance on their government website regarding the tax of cryptoassets (which include bitcoin). 
If you read the article, you would know this. 
You might be trying to say that bitcoin may not be able to be confiscated from you (depending on your opsec) or that if the revenue doesn't know you have bitcoin they won't know to try to collect tax from you (like any other secret income or profit) but this is irrelevant to whether taxes are due under law. Perhaps you would benefit from reading the article you are dismissing so you can be better prepared. 
@_date: 2017-04-09 17:27:04
TLDW - Charlie Lee comments on prospect of UASF in litecoin from 
In summary, Coblee's comments are:
* UASF is dangerous if large majority user/exchange consensus does not form before the fork;
* hoping to avoid UASF path for litecoin because of consensus risk; and,
* regarding a UASF on Bitcoin, thinks you need at least a 30-50% miner support of segwit; and, major exchanges wallets and merchant payment processors to prominently and jointly display their support for a UASF.
(edit: formatting fail)
@_date: 2018-03-13 22:42:33
In the UK (and much of Europe) , if you accept fiat money in exchange for a representation of that money in an online account (this could be as pounds or Disney dollars or whatever) and the representation can be exchanged for an unrestricted range of goods and services, and that representation can also be exchanged with the issuer back into pounds, then you as the issuer have issued 'emoney' for which you need to comply with AML rules but more importantly you need to be regulated as an emoney issuer. This is an onerous application to get and maintain. So things like the money in your PayPal account and the money on your travel card are emoney and so too would MMO currency *if* it were redeemable with the issuer for fiat currency and if it were not limited to the bounds of the game. Those two characteristics have been deemed to reduce AML risk to the point where you don't need to be regulated. Hence why store card points/vouchers, app game currencies etc are not emoney. There may be ways to subvert this to launder but it is usually not easy.
@_date: 2018-03-13 23:02:06
I've never bought on the steam market place but I'm assuming you pay for items in the same way you pay for games either using an approved payment method or with the balance of your prefunded steam account? The  approved payment methods are already kyc/aml'd before you use them as they are regulated emoney issuers or banks. Your prefunded balance either already comes from those payment methods and so has been kyc/aml'd or comes from another steam user who has prefunded their account with one of those methods. You can only fund your steam account up to 2000usd and the money is only spend able on steam and is non-refundable (see 3C in the UK TOS). If you look at my emoney comment you'll see this makes it low risk from an aml/kyc perspective and so Valve would not have to be regulated themselves to represent money in their users steam accounts. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 01:46:44
@_date: 2016-10-20 08:49:42
Agreed, given their role, they've identified this as a threat. I think even further than not encouraging virtual currencies themselves, they've advised any EU legislative bodies not to even be *perceived* to be encouraging them. A relatively explicit warning by the ECB's standards.
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:31:36
Wow. Someone literally begging the SEC to allow an ETF because they are addicted to investing more money than they can afford to lose in a volatile asset class and  want the SEC to vote 'yes' to pump their bags. How can someone not realise they are doing far far more harm than good... 
@_date: 2016-10-20 07:55:20
I was being charitable to you. Let me be explicit. You're right that the central bank does not use the exact words 'curb use' in the article. However, the ECB is the central European institution which controls the money supply of the Euro. They have just explicitly stated that 'virtual currencies' are a threat to that money supply along with outlining the perceived money laundering threat and redacting the 4th AML Directive draft to be less favourable to 'virtual currencies' and issued a statement recommending that European legislative bodies do not encourage its use (quoted above). On any reasonable reading, this is as explicit an attempt to curb the use of something as I've ever seen come from the ECB. Zero Hedge titles are often click bait; this is not one of those. Sounds like you haven't read the publication but are happy to comment on it anyway.
@_date: 2018-04-22 17:52:15
Thank you. And even then, when you choose to use cash as the form of legal tender by which you settle your debt, there are usually limits on the amount of the debt you can settle with each denomination. So a debtor is probably not obliged to take your $1,000 worth of 5 cent coins (depending on the jurisdiction). 
@_date: 2016-10-20 09:27:32
You say I'm not being reasonable and implying I'm being insane so let's break that down. You started by saying the title was click bait then untrue. In response to that, I was interested so read through the ECB publication and found that the title was half an almost direct quote (I assume you have no qualms with that); and, the other 'curb use' half was a reference to the ECB warning other EU legislative bodies not to encourage virtual currencies and outlining the AML risk. When someone says you're not allowed to encourage a thing and then gives example of how it is bad that is, by any reasonable interpretation, that is an attempt to curb use of the thing, if only in the people who can no longer be encouraged. Therefore the second 'curb use' half of the title is also at least reasonable and certainly not click bait and untrue.
What I think really happened here is you commented on the ECB publication without reading it, now you're trying to argue you're way out. Mate, have some integrity and just concede.
@_date: 2015-10-30 13:29:51
Oh man, I'd love to win one of these - hell even a discount code would push me over the edge!
Does anyone know an active discount for one of these at the moment?
@_date: 2016-10-19 20:59:22
You'll be surprised to learn its actually relatively accurate, though 'curb use' is not explicitly mentioned as a goal: 
"The Union legislative bodies should, however, take care not to appear to promote the use of privately established digital currencies
... 
the reliance of economic actors on virtual currency units, if substantially increased in the future, could in principle affect the central banks’ control over the supply of money with potential risks to price stability, although under current practice this risk is limited." 
See the bottom of page 2: 