@_author: kinghelps
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:18:21
I guess I'd rather not assume it's all CC fraud just as I wouldn't assume it's all Mechanical Turks.
If you believe Unocoin, they might take the 20-30% hit because they get, for instance, Rupees in two days rather than a USD cheque in the mail which they then have to change to local currency (see 
Incidentally, I asked Amazon about it and got the following reply:
"Please note that we have not received reports of converting stolen credit card balances to Bitcoin.
Therefore the best option is to contact purse.io in this regard so that they can confirm whether they have received any such reports.
I understand that you’d like to know what would happen if someone try to use a stolen credit card to place an order from someone’s Amazon wish list.
Generally when someone complete a transaction with Amazon.co.uk or on Amazon.co.uk Marketplace, we contact the payment card's issuing bank to confirm that the card has a valid number, and that it hasn’t been reported as lost or stolen.
Therefore if the person who lost the card has reported the bank the card is lost, the order will not be processed, therefore the fraudster will not be able to complete the transaction."
Not totally helpful to be honest.
@_date: 2016-05-20 11:10:18
I guess I'm interested in what proportion you think of transactions on PurseIO are credit card fraud.
I accept that it's possible that items bought on eBay and gumtree might be stolen, but I still use those websites because most of the items are legitimate.
If PurseIO is primarily carders, I wouldn't want to use it, however if it's primarily genuine, I'm happy to...
Is there any data on this?
@_date: 2016-05-20 10:21:22
I noticed that Unocoin (India's biggest bitcoin wallet) is partnered with PurseIO and directly describes the Mechanical Turk case. Are you saying this is a sham?
I'm curious because it seems many "Earners" on PurseIO have many hundreds of positive transactions, do you think these are all carders?