@_author: kinggox
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:43:47
So you're purchasing online on your phone, and presumably using a web browser to select the product or services you're wanting to buy. How then, do you pay with bitcoin? Copy the address, switch apps and paste it into your wallet, switch apps copy the amount, switch apps and paste, or do you memorize them and type them by hand?
If it were me, I'd like a fancy link that I could click that would open my wallet and pre-fill the address and amount.  And since there is a link, what's the harm in it being a QR code? In my opinion, that would be great if you made the mistake of shopping on you computer or phone that didn't happen to have bitcoin on it.  My wife used to shop on her iPad and then hand it to me to enter shipping and credit card information. After I put a credit card on the iPad and handed it back to her, she can worry with the data entry nightmare that she used to ask me to do.
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:08:45
I was going to suggest that 0 satoshi be called a Goodman.  Though this would imply she has no value. As I understand it, she's making lots of carbon dioxide for all the trees her employer cuts down to record her words on.
On second thought, I agree with my first conclusion.
Edit: Changed a prefix to an actual word.
@_date: 2014-04-09 02:18:50
1. Who knows? How many people have read a given library book? The library knows how many people have checked it out, but those people could have sub-let the book to many friends. According to [GitHub]( 188 people have contributed (since it has been on GitHub). (Satoshi isn't included in that list.)
2. Yes. If I recognized it. Simple requests get pulled. M"ore complicated or potentially controversial change"s get discussed. (Disclaimer: I don't have anything to do with the Bitcoin project or Mt. Gox.)
3. See GitHub link in   Sign up for a GitHub account, fork the project, fix stuff, commit your changes, and issue a pull request. (Disclaimer: I may have gotten the terms wrong since I've only submitted 1 pull request to 1 project. But it still feels cool.)
@_date: 2014-04-22 05:46:03
Wow! Thanks for letting us know about the death of QR codes. We were trying to import a friend's contact information from his business card, and it wouldn't work. We'll tell him to print his cards again but with batteries and a Bluetooth dongle. We should tell the novelist that wanted to scatter paper copies of his books around with QR codes to allow readers to tip him that the QR codes will be obsolete before he even prints them. We'll also let our local Kings'mart know that they should separate their registers by 50m so that our royal twins don't accidentally get charged for each others' purchases. (Also maybe anyone with an ethnicity other than the cashier's, because we all know those people all look alike.)
To test your theories, we decided to use our time machine again and see what wonders await us in the future. We were very upset that Amazon would let us pay by bitcoin, but refused to display a QR code to allow us to send them our payment. Instead, we had to turn on our "Amazon" computer, boot up our Amazon OS, launch our Amazon browser, put our Amazon Soylent Green in our Amazon cart, and then we were finally able to pay without the hassle of touching our dirty, dirty phone. Unfortunately, when we tried to buy our Soylent Shoes, we had to repeat the whole process with our "Zappos" computer. It turns out that some people will have a Bluetooth dongle for each Bitcoin merchant they want to patronize, but we royals will still have computers dedicated to single tasks. And to perform these tasks, we will have Paul Rudd.
We apologize in advance for any errors, but that is the price we pay when we have Paul Rudd perform our menial tasks.
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:27:56
Despite answers to the contrary, **yes**. 
By my royal decree, I have ordered the royal vaults opened. Everyone who ever had bitcoin in Mt. Gox may withdraw 4 times their maximum balance. Sorry for the mix up. I should have never appointed Mark to be head of Php code, Security, Yggdrasil maintenance, Compliance, and Hack prevention.
Mark will remain part of my royal court as jester, royal iced coffee desert drink taster, and refund processing.
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:49:29
Well, since the QR code would be part of that fancy link, I'd probably touch it with my finger. Then again, perhaps I don't have bitcoin on my phone since I'm just a friend or family member with no bitcoin. That would make it super easy for me to pay with my actual phone that has actual bitcoin on it.
For everyone with bitcoin on their phone, there could be some text next to the QR code that says "Use this link if you're afraid of touching the dirty, dirty QR code that follows." That way you wouldn't even have to touch it if you didn't want to. I'm sure someone will suggest hiding the QR code by default using fancy ECMAScript or the CSS if you're using a mobile device, but that's crazy talk. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 03:22:30
The link can contain plain text or HTML code that produces pretty buttons (like the ones below this reply box that say "save" and "cancel") or even img tags or canvases that can display QR codes. It can also have a link inside it (like the one below this reply box that says "reddiquette") which could say "Show QR payment code" (when it thinks you're using a mobile device) which would display instead of the QR img/canvas and would toggle the visibility of the QR code.
Perhaps my use case is different since I have a cell phone in each room, and in every pair of pants. Sometimes I happen to do my shopping on my [ferret skeleton room]( and I pick up the "room" phone to do my shopping only to realize that I only keep my bitcoin on my "pants" phone, and I have to fill my shopping cart again. And by that I mean have Paul Rudd fill my shopping cart again. But if I understand what you're saying, it's possible that only bitcoin kings and deranged millionaires have a phone for each room and pair or pants. I guess it pays to be rich. 