@_author: kingaudino
@_date: 2019-02-02 09:49:33
First of all I would like to state that the time I've been on reddit, I found both the members and the staff here are very friendly and most are very knowledgeable. None of us claim to be doctors, but some of us do have some very helpful information and tips and have been ordering prescription medications online for years. I can't stress enough the importance of reading reviews before choosing an online pharmacy to order from- you can spend days reading and learning, but in most cases that much research won't be necessary. Just stay away from all of these online pharmacies that do not have a single review online and you' be fine in most cases.  My second advice to you is to steer clear of online pharmacies operating out of Africa and India due to bacterias and impurities found in medications originating from those countries. It's interesting to order from a new pharmacy that may carry what you need , but it's usually a rip-off and a waste of time and money. There are people who claim to have success with e-mail sources (vendors without a web-site) but in my opinion it's safer to stick with established OP's that have good feedback. Once you get an idea of what type of medication you are looking for, you can check out the pharmacies
that carries the type of meds you need. For regular medications I have had good experiences with [pharmacydirect ]( [boots]( ]( rowlandspharmacy]( and[ refillrx](
When it comes to pain medications such as Vicodin (hydrocodone), oxycodone sleeping medications etc there are fewer legit sources and more scammers around. So make sure you thread carefully here. The ones I can personally vouch for in the prescription medication category are as following: [alldaychemist]( ]( thedonrx]( , [carolinayh]( and[ alldaymeds]( .
Just keep in mind that most Online pharmacies require medical records of some kind – some extensive, some very basic and others do not require medical records at all. Some online drug stores require you to speak to a physician on the telephone and others require a Port-O-Medic (usually a nurse) to come to your home. So, as you can see, there is a lot of research to be done before making your decision. It's natural to be apprehensive when ordering for your first time; it helps to read about other's experiences. If possible, it’s important for the doctor to know that you have taken a particular medication in the past and don’t have any allergic reactions to that particular medication – it makes their job easier as far as writing a prescription for you. I notice a lot of people ask if you can purchase Oxycontin, Percocet or Codeine online – the answer to that is YES, however it may be against the law to have those kind of medications shipped to your locate, therefore you should check the laws in your location before ordering from Online Pharmacy. The two most sought after pain medications are Oxycodone (oxycontin, percocet etc) and Hydrocodone (Vicodin.) Both these medications are typically combined with Acetaminophen (Tylenol/APAP) or Ibuprofen, but not always the case... oxycodone is probably the most popular pain medication, available only from a very few sources (the only legit place I know of that still sells this medication would be Alldaymeds). Regarding hydrocodone it comes in several different strengths and is available in 5/500 (5 mg. of hydrocodone and 500 mg. of APAP), 7/750 (Vicodin ES), 10/325 (referred to as Norco), 10/500 (Lortab) and 10/650 (Lorcet.) There is also Vicoprofen, which is Hydrocodone and Ibuprofen. Many sites will give you a choice of ordering name brand or generic drugs. 
There are many, many generics of hydrocodone available – Watson and Mallinckrodt to name a few.  In addition to pain medications, you may come across online stores that sells adhd meds, muscle relaxers, anxiety medications, cold and flu medications and much more, just remember to look for shipping charges before finalizing your order (a few sources has been known to charge 90$+ for shipping), if refills will be provided and what methods of payment they accept. Most legit Online pharmacies accept 'safe' payment options such as Paypal or Skrill in addition to alternative methods such as bitcoin, credit cards etc.. There are a couple of legit sources that accept Western union and moneygram as well, however its important to check their reviews online before ordering from any IOP.  Best of luck to all of you!
KingAudino.