@_author: kingoftek
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:33:49
But he still is a genius. Just because he has a radically different ideology than most people does not mean he's dumb, irrational, or completely unrespectable, in the same way you wouldn't instantly disregard someone just because they are extremely religious (unless you're a fedora touting atheist).
I'd recommend reading the book "Free as in Freedom: Richard Stallman's Crusade for Free Software". It really opens up insight as to what goes on in his head, and he deserves a lot more respect than you currently give him. And yes, the book is GFDL'd (it's free to read [here](
@_date: 2014-10-05 05:07:36
If you are a troll, you're an excellent troll (and I really hope you are) - you just made me really angry.


BITCOIN IS A VOLATILE CURRENCY WITH NO REGULATIONS, PROTECTIONS AGAINST MANIPULATIONS, OR ABILITY TO PREDICT ANYTHING! YOU CANNOT PREDICT WHEN THE VALUE HAS BOTTOMED OUT AND WHEN IT WILL RISE! IT DOES NOT MATTER IF YOU HAVE SPENT TONS OF TIME POURING OVER CHARTS-THOSE ARE A BUNCH OF CRAP!


Some job which you're probably getting a paycheck of $0.00/hr...and giving them a net loss of over $100,000...and not being honest with them...
This has happened in numerous threads in the past-someone inherits a lot of money from a deceased relative, they think BTC is the best money tree that only THEY know how to unlock. Within a few months, they post here asking for help, always trying to convince themself that they are right and looking for someone else to say "oh yeah, I have this insider information that says it will rise to $1500 next month" to backup their confirmation bias.
Let me explain some of the factors that affect value (besides efforts to derail cryptos as a whole by pumping and dumping). Say a retailer starts accepting BTC. Now more people can use BTC, and the value rises a bit. Now, an exchange (Gox) collapses-confidence is shattered, hundreds of thousands of BTC now locked up. The value goes into an instant freefall. Some regulator (NY) decides they need to regulate the shit out of BTC since the head of some bank said it is going to hurt their profit margins since they do not want to take advantage of this and jump on the next big thing. The value falls some more. Now, a celebrity endorsement for BTC-more publicity=more popularity=value rises. Some bank announces they will start their own exchange after the country adopts a pro-crypto policy, which causes the value to rise.
These are the things that charts do not display. Why? Because it's a scatter plot with a line drawn through it, nothing more. Those also take a bit to adjust to fluctuations as a result of news articles coming out either bashing or praising cryptos and politicians who are either completely out of date or right with the times speaking on the matter. If you decided to take all that into consideration and pour over every single article and mention of Bitcoin on the Internet, you still would not get very far - people buying and selling always affects the price (see: small altcoins getting pumped and dumped).
The bottom line is this: cryptos are completely unregulated and cannot be adjusted-the value you see is true market forces at play, without any interference from any regulators or governments (unless there is a government actively dumping a particular coin in an attempt to destroy its value). You are way better off on the stock market if you want to do "day trading." The fact is that you are a gambler, not an investor. You are writing off your loses as "market irrationality" and refuse to take advantage of the advice people are so graciously providing, all the while you dread admitting your loses to your family. I'm pretty sure that when you tell them the bigger chunk of their inheritance is gone, they will either attack you in person, or attack you in court and get you to repay at least a portion of what you threw away (which is what I would do if someone told me that they literally lost over $100k of my money).
What you should have done is to go to your bank, see their financial adviser, and ask for them to invest a big chunk of the money (I'd leave $75k at most for living expenses, tuition, etc.) in CDs and other securities. Banks know they can make money off of these, so they hire *professionals* (hint: what you are not) to do this. If your bank does not have these services, hire a broker, put money in a hedge fund, etc. But you didn't. Now, you have to tell your family what you have done. Ask them what they want. I'd recommend selling all but maybe 10 BTC (at the most), putting those coins in a paper wallet in a safety deposit box (and do NOT touch those coins for at least a few years), and putting what you do not set aside for them into a proper investment (something a bit less volatile, maybe). When you get a real job (which earns more than your current "job"), put forth your savings at the end of each month into the investments set up to be managed by professionals to compensate for all you lost.
And for the love of god, PLEASE stop being so delusional - the fact is, you are denying that you are in a really awful situation. If you get help and are honest about this to your family, it will blow over a lot better than saying "I just took out a loan to try and recoup the 100% loss on your inheritance from trying to play the crypto markets." And don't think I'm against crypto-I'm not, and I hold ~$80 right now ($20 in BTC and $60 in DOGE), and I really think it is the future of currency-transactions that are verified by thousands of people at once, budgets that cannot be fudged by printing more money, the digital equivalent of cash being held, encrypted, on my phone rather than in an easily stolen wallet, what's not to like?
I'll stop this lengthy post with this. Please do not continue doing as you are currently doing. Get help and come clean. I may be really angry at you, but I also take pity on you-I wouldn't be in a very stable state of mind if I lost over $100,000 of someone else's inheritance, either.