@_author: kirklanddigital
@_date: 2018-03-12 00:06:00
E21 - Crypto the WonderDog - 3-10-18 Dr. Wallace Lynch - Alpha Token
 
E20 - Crypto the WonderDog Show -3-5-18 - LIVE from FINTECHWORLD LA - Dr. Wallace Lynch from Alpha token
 
Crypto is ON-LINE and ready for your comments and questions!  
 
Dean talks with Dr Wallace Lynch - Alpha Token
 
Dr. Wallace Lynch - Founder
Serial entrepreneur, Columbia University Ph.D., seasoned tech-media expert, startup community connecter, founder of HSHub, MenuMeet, JianyueApp, and Cofounder of Svinsight, SVACE.
 
Alpha Token (ATK), a cryptocurrency for digital content, solving a trillion dollar problem for the global economy.
UNIQUE MECHANISM
 
Alpha browser is a complete solution for the generation, dissemination and consumption of digital content based on blockchain technology. The valuable time and attention spent by the content producers and consumers are captured, quantified, and traded through Alpha Browser with Alpha Token.
@_date: 2018-04-02 02:48:07
How to get Venture Capitol for Your Crypto ICO - Ivan Woods - Crypto Angel Partners
Episode 29 - Crypto the WonderDog - Ivan Woods - Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Crypto Angel Partners.  
 
Do you want to start an ICO? Need connections to Venture Capitol? Better call Ivan and the boys at Crypto Angel Partners!
Ivan is an experienced advisor with a demonstrated history of working in the venture capital and consulting industry. He has worked with countless winning multi-national teams both domestically and over-seas. 
Ivan co-founded Crypto Angel Partners in early 2017. Crypto Angel Partners provides companies with a comprehensive and deliberate approach to reaching funding and technological goals in the crypto space. We accomplish this by drawing on our years of experience and the lasting relationships developed.
Crypto Angel Partners is a decentralized partnership committed to the research, advising and growing of businesses, supporting the rapidly growing industries of smart contracts, blockchain technologies, and crypto-currencies. 
We have supported the wildly successful release of multiple ICOs - at the multi-million dollar level. We work alongside our supported businesses to ensure market success through an intensive valuation/space disruption analysis, with feedback delivered in an adviser-role relationship with the team.
We are able to deliver a better product than mainstream VC firms and other angel investors, due to the decentralization of our partnership (global presence), our expertise in the field (technical knowledge), and our understanding of the space (end-user base and how disruptive the technology will be). 
CRYPTO ANGEL PARTNERS
IMPERIUM IN IMPERIO
We provide a strategic focused array of services that start from blockchain awareness to community relations and community outreach. Partner with us because we provide you with realtime, around-the-clock updates. Partner with us because of our proven track record and our collective, bright future.
Crypto Angel Partners was proudly built in Raleigh, one of the most upcoming technology hubs in the world. Our partnerships extend overseas to multiple agencies.
