@_author: kiskova_falcon
@_date: 2017-12-04 14:45:24
Ageing affects all of us and it is the cause of most deaths.If nothing else kills you,ageing surely will,so currently fighting this one but complex problem will save the most lives in the long run.
Most people die due to disease that are caused by the process of ageing,but ageing deprives people not only from their lives but slowly and irreversably from their health.
The main goal of regenerative medicine is to bring back the patient to the state before the tissue damage occurred.
Ageing is also the accumulation of damage,so regenerative medicine can adress this issue too by whole body regeneration.
By researching the reversal of damage caused by ageing,the discoveries made can advance progress in other fields of regenerative medicine too,like tissue engineering for example which has the potential to grow back limbs and give us new organs.
The SENS Research Foundation truly deserves all of the support it receives for the efforts it makes to change the quality of our lives for the better.
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:28:08
The average lifespan of a human was around 40 at the year of 1900.If we go back further in time it is noticeable that on average it was less and less.
Now it is more than 70.Technology already increases the human lifespan,but that also means that we spend more years in this life being old and sick.
The primary aim of this project is to restore the health of people which is deprived from them by the ageing process.Living longer is 
ofcourse the side effect of being healthier.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:07:17
As we age,we become prone to age-related,horrible diseases,like cancer,Parkinson's disease,Alzheimer's disease,etc.Ageing also makes us less fit,and causes dementia.
In short we can say that it takes away both our body and our mind,slowly and painfully,without giving any hope for improvement,and it becomes worse and worse as time goes by.
The only way to overcome all of these issues is by focusing on reversing ageing itself.
The SENS Research Foundation is working on precisely that.
Time right now is working both against and in favor of us,because as time goes by technology advances too.The only difference is that ageing is a passive,and the advancement of technology is an active process,which doesn't happen on its own.
In the future we will surely get to a point where ageing will no longer be an issue,but the later we get there the more lives will it cost.Lives of friends,loved ones and also our own.
Therefore it should be a top priority of humanity to accelerate the research-process of this issue,and it is a shame that it faces funding problems.