@_author: kitcar765
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:47:39
They can control the price of gold via paper contracts, they can’t do the same with bitcoin.
You should own both.
If bitcoin goes too high they will let gold fly even higher (to its true value which they currently actively suppress)
By letting gold fly they can remove the need/draw to buy bitcoin.
You should own both gold and bitcoin,
They don’t like gold, but hate bitcoin.
For them it’s better the devil you know (and control)
Gold flying high could kill bitcoin. Then over a few years they can start to print paper gold and bring its price down again.
@_date: 2019-11-04 07:34:56
Alt coins are dieing. they have no use-case. 
total fools game. Bitcoin is gold 2.0, it will never work as a currency as deflationary currency does not work.
Buying coffee with bitcoin wont change the world. But having a true store of value (which bitcoin is) WILL change the world, as a lot of the corruption/theft from money printing could not be hidden anymore. 
 Bitcoin is high risk, Altcoins you night as well just throw your wallet into a fire. they have all been proven as failures, they tested bitcoin during the ‘flippening’ and they lost, and bitcoin won.
@_date: 2019-12-25 21:37:24
2013 listening to Max Keiser. 
Bought a small amount as part of a varied portfolio ‘permanent portfolio’ approach to investing.
Then I struggled to invest in other assets fast enough to try and keep my % portfolio bitcoin exposure down, loading up on stocks, long dated bonds, gold and liquid assets (cash)
I have not bought any more since my initial purchase and not sold any. my portfolio is quite well balanced and thus my risk is quite low. 
Anyone with half a brain understands bitcoin is gold 2.0 won’t work as cash, but doesn’t have to either, it’s a value store, it does replace gold, as gold stopped acting like a value store due to paper contracts effectively making the gold supply infinite. 
I hold gold as it’s governments only true attack on bitcoin, if governments let gold fly (temporarily) it would remove the pull/point of bitcoin, better the devil you can control than the one you can’t. 
I’m not sure if I ever will sell. It’s insurance. it’s part of who I am. the banks crushed me when I was young. it’s basically a lottery ticket. It could clear my mortgage one day, I think it probably will in a year or two.  
I once sang it’s praises in 2013, they called me buttcoin boy. since then I never mentioned it again.
@_date: 2019-12-24 21:36:17
Gold is printed in endless paper contracts, no one takes physical delivery. thus gold is just as bad as Fiat and price is suppressed. No real value discovery. 
You can’t do that with bitcoin due to the open ledger. Bitcoin is gold 2.0