@_author: kittyvicious
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:54:09
Thank you so much for your generosity and I hope that your post inspires others to donate to good causes as well! 
Please consider donating to my non-profit dog rescue organization - Happiness Animal Rescue Alliance (HARA) based in the Bay Area. We are 501(c)(3) tax-exempt so you do get to write off your donation. The organization is small (founded in 2015) and entirely made up of volunteers and no one gets paid so your donation will go directly towards saving lives of dogs in need. 
We rescue locally and internationally, including street dogs from Taiwan and dogs rescued from South Korean meat farms. I believe there should be no boundaries for compassion. Of course, I have also come to the realization that not every dog can be saved but I hope that the efforts of HARA can educate and inspire others, so less dogs are abandoned in shelters or less dogs are purchased from backyard breeders. By adopting out a street dog or a severely abused "meat farm dog" from Asia to a loving family in the US brings about awareness. People in Asia are starting to see that these "unwanted" dogs are considered exception family companions by westerners. This also applies to our local rescues! 
We have rescued and placed just about one hundred dogs since our founding date in 2015. We also try to take on dogs that have less chances of being adopted such as shy/fearful dogs, disabled dogs, senior dogs or black dogs. 
Right now, our website  is still a work in progress and most of the dogs we had available have been adopted. I will be implementing bitcoin donations some time this week but I am still figuring that out. If you are interested, I can also show you some instagram accounts of dogs that we adopted out to wonderful homes! 
If you choose not to donate to HARA, please consider donating to another animal rescue such as Muttville Senior Dog Rescue or Love &amp; Second Chances! I doubt that they are accepting bitcoins but they are really doing amazing work and never getting a break. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 03:42:33
Thanks for the suggestion! So you mean by not offering tax deductions, the organization does not have to report the bitcoin donation? 