@_author: kjj9
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:39:41
I wouldn't bet on that happening in my lifetime.  Probably not my kids either.
Most bitcoin keys are known only by hash, and hashing is very resistant to quantum attacks.  Basically, there are general purpose quantum algorithms that solve _any_ computation problem in, roughly, the square root of the time needed to solve it otherwise.  Those can be used to answer the question "What is at least one of the private keys that corresponds to a public key that solves this known hash?"
The tricky part is that these algorithms work on circuits.  What is a circuit, in this context?  It is a device with no concept of time.  There are no loops, no memory, no control structures.  You set the inputs and the outputs converge on the answer.
This is most emphatically __not__ how we build hashing devices.  All of our hash functions have loops, which need to be unrolled to build a circuit.  And by "unrolled", I mean physically.  Doing 80 passes?  You need 80 physical stages.  Combining or mixing the bits along the way?  You need more gates to tie it together.  Using a lookup table or an initialization vector?  God help you...
We do not possess the technology to build a hashing circuit today using conventional electronics.  Even if we were willing to throw our biggest HPC clusters at the problem, I'm not even sure if our current computers are powerful enough to even design a hypothetical one.  A handfull of unrolls and you've got more gates than we've ever put on a chip, and RIPEMD160 has 80 iterations.
Oh, and did I mention that it needs to be a _quantum_ circuit?  I think the world record for quantum gates in a coherent device can still be counted with one of your shoes on.
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:06:13
Very simple.  Your basis cost was zero.
That way, if you ever get audited, you can go in with a smile, knowing that the IRS goon is going to have to sift through the records to figure out how much the IRS owes you.
My understanding though is that your mining equipment and power are expenses, not basis.  At least that's how my accountant did it.