@_author: kjkqj2hqw08h38hj
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:11:14
Also cash app was saying they were going to implement a lightning network wallet into the app. Could be big imo.
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:13:37
It is taxed as a long-term capital gain if you held for longer than 1 year. If you are low income (in the 12% bracket) then you get your gains tax free. Most middle income people will pay 15%. The "super rich" will pay 20% plus god knows what else they've added to it. If you have some tax software you can punch in like 1,000,000 long term capital gain to see how it will be taxed.  There is also possibly state tax as well.
If you held less than one year then it gets taxed as ordinary income....that's where the whole 50% stuff comes into play if you have a huge gain. Never sell short-term, ever, otherwise you will get fucked big time by the tax man. That's also why you should never listen to people who talk about being a "crypto trader". They get fucked big time come tax time.
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:29:13
Yes they will absolutely do analysis on any KYC compliant exchange. They will get the records and know how much crypto you bought and where that crypto went (which address it was sent to). They will have this for all exchanges so they'll be able to connect the dots. For the actual blockchain, they'll analyze it and see what your wallet address is and how much is in it. If you are moving it around within the blockchain (sending to different addresses) then it will be more complicated for them. They won't be able to connect the dots unless they know who owns the other addresses. 
If they're going to bag you then it will be through the exchanges I'm sure.
@_date: 2019-05-18 09:02:21
Honestly if you want to increase adoption then just buy stuff using lightning network and support LN merchants. If the existing merchants accepting it say stuff like "our sales have increased 30% since we started accepting it" then eventually other merchants will take notice and accept it as well.
At the very least, before you buy anything, try to look for a LN merchant and maybe buy from them instead.
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:03:22
hahaha, people on here might be too young to really experience what it is like to wake up at 7am...go to a job you hate for crap money and then get off at 5pm....5 days a week for the next 30 years. That's a death sentence to me. I did it for 5 years when I was younger. It sucks. You start hating your life after awhile because you are wasting your time doing shit you don't want to do that has no impact on the world at all. I was a security guard at the time so my job was basically to tell asshole pieces of shit to get out of the store lol.
I plan on never working for anyone else again, ever. 
If you are already FIRE, make sure you setup your life so you never have to work again. Get some passive income streams setup to take care of your bills. Live a frugal and simple life rather than buying a bunch of worthless crap that probably don't make you happy.
@_date: 2019-05-18 07:42:57
Mr Nakamoto....so we meet again. Have a seat.
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:34:37
Figured you guys would find this interesting.
@_date: 2019-05-18 07:33:00
Back in the day when I was finishing up my BA in accounting, I took a forensic accounting class as an elective course. The teacher would give extra credit to anyone who gave a short presentation in the class. It was open topic but had to be something at least related to forensic accounting. There was a guy who gave a presentation on bitcoin. I had heard about it previously from a slashdot article and I had downloaded the wallet to play around with it. I think I was the only person who actually knew about it. The guy talked about the whitepaper, explained it. He opened his wallet on his computer to show how it worked. The wallet had something like 10,000 bitcoins in it which he said he bought from mtgox. He also went to [mtgox.com]( and showed how to buy and sell the bitcoins as well. The price at the time was something like 30 cents per bitcoin. He showed us his purchase history and basically said the value of his bitcoins had doubled.
It was around December 2010 when I saw this presentation because I remember buying my first bitcoins on mtgox during x-mas break. 
Never knew what happened to that guy after. I wasn't friends with him but I should have been. I was mostly an introvert at the time. Mostly kept to myself in college.
Man this sure is a walk down memory lane. The good ol' days when it was just a bunch of libertarian geeks that were into this stuff lol.
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:28:16
yes that is correct. It includes all your income sources. Also yes gold is taxed differently.
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:52:24
Yes you can and you can do it legally! Listen up kids.
If you hold your BTC for longer than 365 days then it is considered a long-term capital gain. So here is the magic part, long-term capital gains are taxed at preferential rates of 0%, 15% or 20%. So how do you get that 0% rate? You have to be low income, basically. For single filers it is TAXABLE income less than $39,375. So if your income from your job is 20k and you have 10k in long-term capital gains from your BTC sales then congratulations, you'll get a 0% tax rate for your BTC! and it is all legal as well. Also keep in mind that it is taxable income of $39,375, not gross income. You can take the standard deduction to reduce the taxable income. Also if you are selling through an exchange then just file the taxes for it. The exchange records all your transactions. If it is some low-dollar gains then IRS probably won't care, not worth their time. However, if you get some sort of form in the mail from the exchange listing your sales then definitely file the taxes for it lol because the exchange sent your tax information to the IRS and it is in your file. The IRS computer will verify your return to make sure you reported it. If you don't report it then your return gets autoflagged for audit. They'll just send you a letter basically saying "hey, we found an error on your return, pay up". 
Here is the form that is used to calculate it. Use tax software to file, obviously.
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:29:40
Yup, exactly, after awhile you have every realistic thing you want and having too much is just clutter. Get rid of it.
@_date: 2019-05-18 07:53:19
It is pure supply and demand is why and capital can flow into and out of it very quickly. In trading, bitcoin has what you call low market depth which basically means you don't need much to actually move the price. In bigger markets, you would probably need millions to even move the asset price by a penny. So when capital starts flowing into bitcoin then all sell resistant gets eroded away very quickly. At the same time, existing holders don't put up more supply to drop the price down. When selling actually does start to happen it coincidences with a drop in demand followed by a spike in selling activity...that causes a rapid drop in the price. Also it seems bitcoin traders are more long-term focused....as in they'll hold for a few days. The short-term traders that do exist generally do not have a lot of capital at risk. If you want more stability in price you need to get more short-term traders that will push the bitcoin price into a smaller trading range. Also these traders need to have a lot of capital on hand to really control the price. When you have a lot of short-term traders then the buy and sell walls are harder to push without a huge spike in capital inflows/outflows.
There was discussion back in the day on how to make the price stable. Basically what you would need to do is have huge holders that would buy massive amounts of BTC when others are selling and then sell massive amounts of BTC when lots of people are buying in. That would artificially force the price to trade in between that range. Impossible to do these days unless you have billions to do it.
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:42:01
It is normal. More people recently bought in so they're moving coins from exchanges to their wallets. Probably over time, the mainnet chain is just going to be used for large money transfers. Everything else is going to shift to the lightning network.