@_author: klausbaus
@_date: 2017-12-30 22:58:31
The IRS has not stated otherwise so time will tell, but they are changing it so it only applies to real estate instead of all property in 2018
@_date: 2017-12-30 22:52:19
1031 exchange 
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:27:49
The 2008 housing crisis is a good example of when banks can fail.
"When a customer deposits money, a bank must do something with it: buy assets or lend it to businesses. That is the banking system’s economic function; it transforms short-term liabilities (deposits that can be instantly withdrawn) into longer-term loans. Banks have always been at risk of two things: that the loans will not be repaid, and that customers will want to withdraw their deposits faster than the bank can turn its assets into cash. Until the 1930s bank failures, and the resulting losses to depositors, were a recurring problem.
Depositing money in a bank therefore amounts to a bet that the bank will lend its money wisely, or that the economy will be strong enough for bank loans to be repaid, and that confidence in the banking system will be maintained. In the modern era bank customers have tended to regard this risk as negligible, thanks to a combination of deposit insurance and governments’ willingness to rescue failing banks. But in many countries the banking sector has grown so large, relative to the economy, that few governments could plausibly guarantee all their system’s deposits. In such circumstances bank customers, particularly uninsured depositors, are in effect relying on the governments of other countries to bail them out in times of trouble—a risky proposition."
Combine the fractional reserve system with the fact that bitcoin is exponentially higher RoI than any other investment right now and we might have another financial crisis where banks can't handle the volume of money being withdrawn for bitcoin purchases if it gets to that scale. Bitcoin would probably have to be banned at that point. Government kind of has to support the banks and they've been bailed out in the past, but everyone has lost money as a result
@_date: 2017-11-26 15:19:23
I believe most people know there is a high degree of risk associated with bitcoin hence their reluctance to buy. No one sees massive volatility and thinks, "this is a sound investment." Its value is mostly speculative still. That being said, it isn't about a "fuck the establishment" mentality for me its about understanding the risks associated with the banking system and other forms of investment as well. After the creation of new financial tools as well as more access to everybody’s money; the banks began to do high risk gambling just like a big casino. The new financial tools were backed by the government so that taxpayers would get hung with the bill. The speculation and lack of effective regulation eventually led to the crash of 2007 and The Great Recession. The industry is not afraid to do it again because they know no one goes to jail and the government will bail them out. The bailout have amounted to trillions of dollars