@_author: klaudiaschulz
@_date: 2019-07-29 09:18:37
Wise decision Billy, next is  hodling :D I think these memes really help out the Bitcoin get the word out there and well it still considered exposure. I'm hoping more and more crypto projects/platforms would get the same attention since some can really be beneficial in everyday transactions. Blockchain technology is something we can really take advantage of just like the other day I was able to invest in this [project]( They have this MTO, if you don't know MTO:  MTOs are an evolution of the highly popular initial exchange offerings (IEOs) conducted on popular exchanges like Binance. Micro Token Offerings allow individuals to purchase listed tokens (already trading on exchanges) of high-quality projects at a 50% discount. Anyways, the cryptocurrency is the start and next should be the adoption of certain blockchain platforms.
@_date: 2019-07-22 02:00:28
Aaaand it's still free advertising. No matter what anyone says negatively about bitcoin or anything that has to do with crypto is just free exposure. I think they should think about the impact they're doing when they share their thoughts about something they know nothing about. But well I'm way too busy to even try to understand what goes in their minds because of tons of opportunities to invest in blockchain just like this platform I just encountered last week which gives you a chance to participate in buying alt coins at half the price. $th round is up but it will start this 22nd [here]( Overall, the more they talk about BTC the more it will soar.
@_date: 2019-07-23 11:06:15
I agree, this guy is way too cool on his interviews. and he def explained bitcoin in the simplest and enticing way. Blockchain will def be the future, I have been in the crypto for so many years now and I have encountered promising applications IRL and I see a lot potential for some of them that's why I keep investing in the first place. 
Recently I found a cool project that uses  [Blockchain Offload Engine (BOE)]( which is a highly compatible customized hardware chipset with an embedded ECDSA module and a hardware random number generator. So for example,  in lottery applications, we need to ensure true randomization to select the winning number while being transparent through smart contracts that can be checked through their block explorer, hpbscan.org 
Anyways. I really am looking forward for more updates about blockchain and how Andreas teaches everyone about it.
@_date: 2019-07-29 09:51:43
Yep I agree. I mean look at Mark Zuckerberg but well I wouldn't support that because of his "intent" but yes it will happen and it will boil down to what it will bring in our society. If it's practical or we can actually use it in daily transactions in the first place, making our lives much easier. I have recently invested in platforms projects that are truly promising or unique in their own way like this [one](  If you are not familiar with MTO,  Mico Token Offerings (MTOs) have been designed to mitigate the problems associated with IEOs and deliver the improved solution in the STP ecosystem. But yeah, I'm open for new companies to have their own token, if it make sense then yeah I'd def support em.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:31:02
Darn too accurate
@_date: 2019-08-21 19:01:55
That's why I hodl in the first place, this chart is def legit (no sarcasm intended) but yeah this is a good sign for btc if that happens. I don't lose hope and I see a lot of potential on where this could lead to not just in btc but the blockchain itself. There are lots of people who just see it as currency itself but what they don't know is the application of the platform in our everyday transactions. I have supported several projects that pushes the possibilities of blockchain and incorporating irl. Like this [project]( that shows real adoption and helping out content creators get the most out of there hard work. Anyway, let's just wait for the next update, great things come to those who wait patiently guys!
@_date: 2019-10-07 01:12:19
I'm still hodling no matter what, and more negative reviews from media will just give more exposure to it. You can't just kill it, it's inevitable believe me.
I have work and [earn for crypto]( as far as I can remember, living proof that it can be a sideline, investment or a full-time job! I know blockchain is here to stay especially BTC. 
So yeah more power to BTC and keep hodling!
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:01:36
Selling is for the weak, I hodl. I figured many people would be alarmed because to be honest some of them are just for the money which is short term and not the benefits of the blockchain in the long term (money is just a plus for us) I make sure I don't just put my eggs all in one basket and somehow find time to support fellow blockchain companies and their platforms if I find it suitable for me or fair just like [Contentos]( which I just found out recently. I am a content creator/influencer myself so this is a good investment for me, anyway I have a good feeling on hodling my btc and no one can stop me from doing that :D
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:40:03
Sad how this turns out. See how easy it is to ruin a country that doesn't care about the economy and the people in it. Ignorance is scary and can really turn a whole.country upside down, that's why I don't just rely on just the currency now but I always explore and look for ways on how to expand my resources. The fact there are digital currencies and how it can help the society in any transactions, making our lives easier. No corruption and everything is systemically accurate. There are blockchain platforms/projects that I love like [this one]( and can really help bridge gap to both parties hopefully that happens every country so we can avoid these types of things especially if the government is.corrupt and all.
@_date: 2019-10-07 02:58:52
It's unchangeable data makes Bitcoin versatile and unique. From healthcare, education or manufacturing it has a lot of potential. It opens great opportunities for communities and for the development of a new economy. 
I have been trading crypto since last year and I managed to interact with new platforms that has good [crypto reward system]( and will definitely entice writers, social media influencers, artists etc to participate.
Anyways, I do hope that blockchain will push through as it  offers equal opportunities for all people.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:30:10
That moment of regret is true but well it is never too late to invest in btc or any cryptocurrency for that matter. I myself have encountered that scenario and somehow regretted but still am here and supporting [projects/platforms]( which I think is beneficial for me and people who has the same goal or intention. So atleast its better late than never right?
@_date: 2019-06-05 10:50:57
The Binance hack was scary and it should be an eye opener for everyone to store their funds in a much more secure and safe manner. There are a lot of good [hardware wallets]( out there that provides 2fa, you'll need to activate your fingerprint and push the button in the wallet before it will make any transaction. Staying vigilant is the key and I agree about the point of investing in a hardware wallet, they only cost about $99 in exchange of having an ease of mind that you're safe.
@_date: 2019-05-29 14:42:06
These changes are inevitable, I don't know why they keep on fighting it. It was the same thing with paper money and gold why not digital money? If they keep on doing this, there's a huge chance BTC will push through along with the other cryptocurrencies. The traditional way of dealing things every day is now evolving, I just stumbled upon a project that offers [digital collectible]( when in fact it was just physical collection back then. See how times have changed? And it changed for the better since blockchain is much more secure than the old process. They should just let it be.
@_date: 2019-05-26 12:42:02
Agree to disagree but I think Pomp did a great job in the interview and he is taking the punches in a classy way. He really proves his point about the topic. I have respect with Mr. Wonderful but you gotta respect how this "money" thing is evolving somehow. Before it was gold coins then paper money then this. If you can't even adapt, you will not survive in this economy with that way of thinking