@_author: kmartburrito
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:28:46
Question - I'm using a truecrypt container to house my wallet, and find that it works great to access, mount, sync, and dismount the volume.  My biggest concern is having to open it every few days to allow the program to sync and the new transactions to come through into the wallet.
During this process, am I at risk since I have the volume mounted?  Is there any way around waiting for the application to sync the wallet?  Or do I even need to do this?
Thanks for your input!  I'm just trying to do whatever is safe and smart.
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:31:24
Thanks, this helps a lot!  
I was confused on the necessity to be online, as you pointed out and clarified.  So, technically I already have cold storage, I'm just being an idiot by mounting that cold storage encrypted volume on an online PC to sync something that doesn't need to be synced.
Since I don't even ever store the data to that PC, but rather the encrypted volume that is only mounted and online while syncing, I could take that to my offline PC, and mount it using truecrypt, generate a transaction like you mentioned, and then copy that transaction back to my online PC and spend.  I'm assuming best practice would be to create a second wallet as a spending wallet like you've said, and then send from the larger volume wallet in an offline state to the online one that is only used for spending.
Sound about right?
Thanks again, I'm starting to grasp it better I think.
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:02:55
Thanks for the ideas!  The more I discuss it the more I learn, so I truly do appreciate your feedback.  I hope that this can also help others in the same boat.  I'm still a little unclear on a couple points -
* Since I'm using a multi hash protocol encrypted container and encrypted wallet inside that container, we both understand that to be relatively safe.  In your comment that I originally responded to, you said to share that with everyone on the net so you don't lose it.  That's my scenario.  I feel that the encrypted container is safe.  Right now I am not spending anything, so I don't need access to it right now.  I receive a small transaction daily.
* My concern is what happens when I mount that volume to receive my new transactions.  If you're saying I should have a second wallet that is more of a cold storage on an offline PC, and I should send my daily transactions to that, I STILL have to connect that offlline PC to the net to receive those daily transactions from my mining PC.  Wouldn't I be imparting the same risk, or even more so since I'm sending something outbound each day as well as receiving?  If the part of my current process that is unsafe is having the volume mounted and the application open so that new transactions sync with the network, wouldn't that same process have to happen in my cold storage wallet?  To me it seems I'd be opening myself up doubly.  Maybe I'm not understanding the significance of syncing every couple of days.  Is it even needed?
* Again, I'm not talking about a very large amount of money here, and I can see if you were talking about a whole lot, it doesn't seem smart to have that exposed, I'm just not grasping how the sync process works or if it's actually critical that I do that every few days.  I don't see how an offline PC cold storage wallet gets around connecting and syncing to the network, as it seems that would still have to happen.  If that's the only risky part of my current scenario, then I don't see how that will be any different than my current setup.
Once I get a higher amount and want to spend some, I'm sure this will change, so again thanks for your input, and helping me understand better so I can also recommend safe practices to others.
***EDIT***  Reading some more about this on my own, it appears I don't have to connect my client at all to sync transactions, I only need to be online to send them outbound.  So, I'm making the assumption that with my online PC, I could just send them out to my cold storage address, and not have to worry about ever syncing that unless I wanted to spend from it.  Of course, when I get to that point, I will have to connect much like I am doing now, no?