@_author: kmeisthax
@_date: 2018-01-13 22:02:04


The moment users of Bitcoin actually have to pay 100% of the costs associated with maintaining the network is the day the network's economic security guarantees fail as miners disconnect from the network. The primary driver of those costs is the cost of electricity for mining. That doesn't correlate to transaction load at all, but it's a cost every transaction has to pay. So including more transactions reduces the amount of electricity "consumed" by that transaction. I've heard estimates of around 250kWh/transaction, which is absolutely insane.
Furthermore, full nodes do not make miners honest. You're thinking exclusively about the mechanics of contentious hard forking, not other attacks on the chain. For example, a miner can spend their electricity mining a double-spending block. Such an attack's viability is thwarted by *other miners* outgunning them in the hash power arms race. Full nodes are only capable of validating the consensus rules, which means they have to follow the largest proof of work. So a miner with more hash power than everybody else cannot be made honest by full nodes.
What keeps a miner from hard forking is that exchanges won't buy their coin. Even in this case, it's not important for there to be a lot of full nodes. Economic actors already need to operate full nodes in order to ensure that their payments are valid. If miners don't produce blocks economic actors accept as Bitcoin blocks, then they don't get paid. Just having a bunch of idle full nodes hanging around doesn't help the network at large, because they aren't economic actors that can punish contentious hard forks. If miners and exchanges got together and decided to execute a hardfork, then it would likely succeed even if users mildly opposed it.
SPV nodes rely on full nodes to connect, but that doesn't stop miner-exchange collusion because Bitcoin is not economically independent of fiat currencies that require a third party to use. If the exchanges decide not to accept the legacy chain then the legacy chain is economically useless. It will be hoarded by a shrinking fraction of disagreeing users as the majority of economic traffic occurs on the exchange-blessed coin.
If people transacted in cryptocurrencies like they do with fiat - i.e. never touching an exchange, being paid in and spending all their money in BTC - then the amount of institutional collusion required to alter Bitcoin would be extremely high. Hell, it would probably be impossible to completely remove a legacy chain's economic value. But, then again, Bitcoin doesn't have the transaction capacity - even with every existing scaling solution, including block size increases, witness discounts, Schnorr signatures, and LN - to be both economically independent and decentralized.
@_date: 2018-01-13 21:11:51
Bitcoin's only guarantees are that a single institution can't remove transaction data from the blockchain (economic security: PoW arms race), forge transaction data (computational security: public-key crypto), and can't create new currency (basic maths). It cannot guarantee the economic value of the token it's securing; and in general there is no valid argument for Bitcoin to have any particular nonzero valuation relative to other currencies. It's all market-determined.
tl;dr Bitcoin is still secure even if governments can make them worthless.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:54:54
Yes, it's a lot of data, but from a customer and political standpoint, you're effectively being charged more for using Bitcoin as intended. Someone who sends thousands of BTC is being charged a far lower fee than the person sending one third of a BTC, because the latter has their Bitcoin distributed in multiple private keys, *which is the intended use case of Bitcoin*. Rolling up your change outputs on low-fee days so you can use one input later destroys what little anonymity you have with Bitcoin.
Here's the thing: Bitcoin's security is *economic*, not *computational*. That is, the weakest part of the system is the PoW that makes it difficult to add new blocks to the chain. And for that hypothetical 1000BTC transaction to be *securely* processed, the miners need to waste around that much electricity collectively. Otherwise it will be economically viable to defraud the counterparty of that transaction through a 51% attack.
So the current fee structure has people who make complicated transactions pay more money to subsidize the economic security of people making larger transactions. This is opposite to how every other transaction fee system works, which is usually a percentage of the overall transaction value. The reason why it's a percentage is because moving a million dollars is more expensive to secure than moving five dollars. Bitcoin isn't exempt from these economics, it just chooses to ignore them.
@_date: 2014-04-12 19:41:19
The latter image shows the last six months or so of Bitcoin price history.
The former image shows more time, but uses log-scale, which changes the shape of the graph. There's no particular reason to use log-scale, other than to exaggerate the size of Bitcoin price increases and understate the size of price crashes.
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:52:57
Funnily enough even in a situation where some fraction of the community is able to avoid getting scammed, it is still the case that these kinds of scams continue to be economically profitable to run, even if they provoke the ire of the Bitcoin in-croud (i.e. you and me). The only way to actually stop such scams from running would be to make the cost of getting caught and punished for scamming higher than the reward for doing so. You do that with fines and monetary damages awarded in court. Otherwise, the scams will continue and fester, until the point at which you have created a [market for lemons]( where the scams have driven out any honest dealings in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:32:07
That's not particularly surprising. On the phone end, NFC payment is only supported on the handful of Android phones with NFC support on the latest version of KitKat. Apple does not ship phones with NFC and is unlikely to do so. On the payment end, most retailers wind up shutting off their NFC payment pads when they realize that you don't have to press credit to not get hit with debit withdrawl fees. (Because then they get hit with credit processing fees.) NFC is dead, dead, dead.
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:02:47
As opposed to the current situation, where the entire market is dominated by disreputable firms? The fact is, while many of these regulations are extreme, we should also note that many of the organizations being regulated are, in fact, run by liars and scoundrels. Harsh regulations are mandatory to even keep blatant lying out of the marketplace and maintain something resembling a standard.
Everybody in the industry is only going to follow the letter of the law and no further. If a fraudulent practice is banned, the industry will inch up to the edge of illegality until further regulations are passed. That's why they have such crazy regulations on employees in the industry - they are trusted professionals and in a unique position to make a lot of money very quickly by exploiting and defrauding the masses.
Bitcoin is no different than other forms of investment, either - the only difference is that a lack of standards and reputability has resulted in a market denominated almost entirely by scammers. The best we can do is give people a nice fat SCAMMER tag on Bitcointalk, but currently we have no recompense against fraudsters. While it's not the only solution, the people who would want to see regulation are the ones who want the market to be honest.
@_date: 2014-03-31 01:57:53
Most of the people here take Bitcoin's solvency and increasing value as axiomatic. It *has* to get more valuable, in their eyes. If you believe that, then the only threat to your value is losing ownership of the coins.
@_date: 2014-08-19 01:26:38
Nowadays most spam filters check for DKIM or SPF records - if the domain doesn't exist, you'll probably get sent to spam.
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:27:17
There's two things we're talking about: p2pool and p2pool.org. p2pool is software you download to form a decentralized mining pool; p2pool.org is a centralized mining pool that's stealing the name for the purpose of misleading miners into thinking they are fixing problems with mining centralization in Bitcoin when they're really just lining a scammer's pockets.


This is called trademark law, it works.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:38:51
It's very difficult to arbitrage a Bitcoin exchange. Moving money in or out of an exchange is very difficult and you are likely to be hit by fees larger than your arbitrage spread. As a result prices tend to desync between exchanges since it's just too expensive to move the capital to the right places to take advantage of the spread.
EDIT: Also, BTCe only accepts deposits from really, really sketchy Russian payment providers that every bank in America would rightfully flag.
@_date: 2014-09-29 11:45:51
That would require the Simpsons writers to think.
EDIT: I mean [Zombie Simpsons]( of course.
@_date: 2014-11-13 00:43:45
Experiencing the benefits of holding a deflationary currency *while in an otherwise inflationary economy that still allows them to have a chance at additional income*. An entire economy being deflationary has a number of negative effects.
@_date: 2014-06-23 03:43:57
So, what exactly keeps you from taking the coin out of the app and using it without the app? I mean, p2pool's developer is having problems just getting people to voluntarily donate a small portion of mining proceeds; what makes you think that you can release some FOSS and keep it tied down to a sales model? You have to monetize FOSS through development of future improvements to the software, or through the sale of related services. Simply selling the software does not work because information distributed widely has an intrinsic value of zero. That's why things like copyright exist, to create an artificial scarcity to enable the sales model to exist. And appcoins smell to me like the sales model, but with Bitcoin.
Also. In regards to footnote 2: I doubt the Bitcoin is objectively better than centralized payment systems - remember that modern retail is built on the back of data mining, so anonymity alone is actually a downside for stores. Not like Bitcoin actually *is* anonymous anyway. Bitcoin is also inferior in terms of confirmation time and transaction volume, and it's not even decentralized anymore thanks to Ghash.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:35:38
The problem with your strategy is that the optimal times to sell and buy are only known in hindsight. You will wind up selling before the peak and buying after the trough; selling between peaks; or buying before a crash. The only winning move is not to play.
@_date: 2014-06-14 18:10:07
Or, better yet, it exposes how well the nanny state works in practice, when obvious scams have to attach themselves to an extremely anti-nanny-state ideology in order to avoid prosecution. If one of the p2pool developers was in a position to, say, enforce trademark rights on the name "p2pool", we could actually fight against such obvious scams.
It also shows how well the "don't be gullible and you won't get scammed" solution works - i.e. not at all, as we can presume Bitcoin miners are savvy enough to know what mining pools are and what p2pool is. They *still* got duped. No matter how much energy you put into fraud detection and fraud prevention, so long as you are still interested in maintaining some kind of capitalistic ownership over your property, you still need to worry about being able to correct fraud after the fact. Bitcoin and the overall libertarian community seem to be opposed to this because it necessitates some kind of violence be done to recover your stolen capital.
If you aren't too worried about ownership in general, then fine, you can condemn the state as being violent and injust. But for a community so focused on rights of ownership and theft of the state, you seem to be very unconcerned about theft by non-state actors. Repeat after me: The enemy (crime) of my enemy (the state) is *not* my friend.
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:27:42
There seems to be a very large faction of the Bitcoin and greater libertarian communities that opposes *any* kind of restitution justice at all, in favor of a global policy of buyer beware. dellintelbitcoin's comment is a good example of this; he says all the Bitcoin scams really do is "expose the nanny-ish state of general society", that this state enables scammers somehow, and that it "takes being scammed in order to wisen up". Implied in this sentiment is the idea that sufficient wisdom solves all fraud, i.e. that fraud can be solved with preventative actions and any attempt to correct the fraud after it has occurred merely serves to enable it by reducing the need for preventative action.
The connection to "nanny state" was established by the author of the post I was replying to, in reference to the "buyer beware" ideology he believes Bitcoin should espouse.
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:30:19
And people think Bitcoin's "no chargebacks" are a feature...
@_date: 2014-04-02 01:14:28
In C/C++, the results of shifting a variable by another variable are undefined if the second operand is greater than the size of the datatype being shifted. While you could just look up the underlying CPU's definition of right shift and see what it does in such a situation, the compiler itself also have an optimizer which takes advantage of such undefined behaviors to clean up the code.
So, while this could mean that "every 64th halving the cycle resets", it could also result in no subsidy at all after 64 halvings (the expected result), requiring a negative subsidy (i.e. blocks are only accepted if they burn money, say if the machine is some weird signed integer representation), not accepting any subsidy value, or even *accepting all possible values* (if a compiler decides to optimize out the subsidy check). More importantly, *all of these answers are correct* and the network will horribly hardfork in multiple directions based on what combination of CPU architecture, platform, day of the week, compiler, and Bitcoin implementation are in use.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:16:40
STOP BEATING THIS DEAD HORSE.
Seriously, there is already a Bitpay relay for donating to Wikipedia that you can use right this moment! Sure yes it's not AS CONVENIENT as a direct link right on the Wikimedia site, but come on, the functionality is already there! You can use it right now!
Look, I know you all really just want the free advertising that Wikimedia putting a Bitcoin donation button on their site will provide, but you're talking about a really large non-profit organization with bigger priorities than giving you free advertising. You know what will really get them to put Bitcoin donation buttons on the site? Actual Bitcoin donations. That means, go to that [Bitpay relay right here]( and pony up your freakin coin. Wikimedia will respect you as a valid donation mechanism when you are actually being used to provide valid donations.
The thing is, accepting Bitcoin is not free. Sure, yes, there are companies that will do it for you, but then again, you aren't really accepting Bitcoin. You're accepting USD through an intermediary that will convert the Bitcoin into USD for you. Actually accepting Bitcoin means having to deal with currency exchange risk, getting a good enough relationship with an exchange that will allow you to actually sell large amounts of Bitcoin, dealing with the resulting tax questions (many of which are still unresolved), etc.
The big problem with accepting Bitcoin today is most likely the lack of any financial instruments that can be used to convert large amounts of coin back to fiat. Exchanges will ban you immediately for trying to pull anywhere close to your withdrawl limit and never bother to approve you; localbitcoins is an absolute joke, etc. Nobody in the industry is willing to bother with AML, so the amount of options for large clients is fairly limited. This is a serious detriment to Bitcoin adoption - people expect that they will be able to get fiat currencies out of Bitcoin as easily as they got Bitcoin from their fiat. Anything less than that is unacceptable for any serious financial system.
The fact is, accepting Bitcoin is hard work and something Wikimedia isn't going to spend money on unless there's a benefit for them. You cannot make them accept Bitcoin by yelling at them about it. If you want them to accept Bitcoin, then actually offer them up some freaking Bitcoin. Put your money where your mouth is.
@_date: 2014-01-10 02:38:18
The fact that we have had *multiple* 51% events (incl. confirmed double-spends, see [here]( would indicate that the blockchain idea is in serious need of overhauling. The only real protection against it is that most of the people who run pools are also interested in keeping Bitcoin working.
But here's the thing; the only real reason why we don't see state actors buying into Bitcoin mining to start subjugating the protocol is that there currently is no need to. Bitcoin's functionality as a currency is tied directly to it's ability to interoperate with fiat currencies, and those are already really poorly designed chokepoints (read the posts on Buttcoin about that early adopter having problems selling his massive piles of Bitcoins) that state actors can easily subvert.
I honestly think Namecoin will be the indicator of serious problems with the blockchain before Bitcoin itself is attacked. The problem is that state actors do have an interest in denying certain people the ability to have a globally valid domain name (see all the ICE seizures of domains) - and, unlike Bitcoin, they can't achieve it by subverting the exchanges. The only real way to deregister a Namecoin address is to erase blockchain history. So we're probably going to see states attacking Namecoin first. It's an inevitability - state actors have nearly limitless resources and motivation to achieve an attack objective. The NSA could easily buy up an entire ASIC producer's supply and start mining Namecoin constantly to either attack the blockchain or the NMC economy.
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:17:35
Likewise, trading reversible for unreversible has the same problem.
Without some kind of functioning and widely used and trusted escrow system Localbitcoins is going to be nothing more than a hive of scum and villany.
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:27:04
He'll pull a 180 once he figures out the carbon footprint of Bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:28:32
Wait, did ICANN seriously let someone register .imfo as a TLD?
@_date: 2014-09-02 01:54:42
Well, transactions are a finite and limited resource in Bitcoin, and so it's fairly responsible to take as many transactions out of the blockchain as they can. But that just suggests that the future of Bitcoin is a handful of large miner-banks that charge annoying fees to move money between banks.
Of course, so much for the "zero fees" we were promised...
@_date: 2014-03-20 11:03:32
CLEARLY Wikimedia should accept Bitcoin donations. They're guaranteed to get a whole eight dollars!
@_date: 2014-04-27 14:56:17


much stereotype very racism wow
@_date: 2014-06-16 23:52:29
Most notably, we *still* don't have any optionally trustable intermediaries to give Bitcoin a modicum of consumer protection. Hell, we still go around copy-pasting addresses rather than something less error-prone.
Sure, it's nice that you can send a cool hundred million bucks to your rich 0.001%er buddies to settle lunch during a Sunday golf game, but if you are actually sending that much money for a business deal or purchase or *anything*, you bet your ass you'd want some way to ensure the transaction goes through correctly. What happens if you misspell a character when generating your transaction and the money goes to a defunct business rather than your golf partner?
@_date: 2014-08-19 01:25:51
There's two major forms of payment processing in the US: "credit" and "debit". They used to be completely different things, but the common shape and magstrip meant that retailers started accepting debit cards, and debit card issuers started adding credit network processing to their cards. In today's terms, for retail transactions, it comes down to who pays the fees: you (debit) or the merchant (credit). If you ever scan a debit card in, it'll ask you for the PIN, but pressing Cancel will give you the option to run the transaction as credit, resulting in the merchant paying the fee. However, the contactless payment terminals do the opposite - they process everything as credit, so the merchant doesn't get to charge you their processing fee. Hence why a lot of merchants turn them off.
@_date: 2014-04-04 10:58:17
I have a feeling most people on would be too anti-government to do this.
@_date: 2014-06-15 00:06:13
Mining for someone else's p2pool node isn't mining on p2pool - it's just mining on a regular ol' centralized pool that's putting it's work on p2pool. At least, that's how I understand how p2pool works.


Don't disagree with anything else you're saying, except maybe the implication that we don't need any kind of mechanism to punish fraudulent activities at all. But, seriously, you are aware that the talking points you are using belong to socialist and anarchist ideologies, not libertarianism, and that the things you are complaining about are necessarily caused by the need to engage in legalistic and military hegemony to maintain the order necessary for a globalized capitalism?
@_date: 2014-06-22 14:01:35
Well, no actually. For that 45 cents you have the ability to actually spend your Bitcoin on things. How many merchants would go through the hassle of manually handling Bitcoin, taking on capital gains tax risk, and finding an exchange which will give them fair market value for a large amount of coins? Even businesses that need to transact in multiple currencies typically don't bother playing the forex game - they operate each country's operations as a subsidiary where they can reduce the need for forex and cross-division transfer payments as much as possible. So, compared to the exchange rate risk of holding Bitcoin when your business costs are entirely in your local currency, 45 cents to transact in Bitcoin without actually needing to hold Bitcoin is a bloody bargain.
Granted, there's an option that beats both of these entirely: don't transact in Bitcoin. But given the sentiment of this forum that's not considered a viable strategy.
The only question left is, how the hell is Coinbase able to sell so much Bitcoin on the exchanges without crashing the price, given that the price crashes for *other* reasons, and that a lot of the people buying things with Bitcoin are going to be miners that printed the money out of thin air? I will leave that as an exercise to the reader.
@_date: 2017-08-04 21:59:03
If you don't want it... don't use it?
The design of the Cashcoin Bit hardfork is simple: literally nobody on the Coinbit Core blockchain has to care about the other side if they don't want to. If Bcash Cash becomes valuable, you already have what you had pre-fork and can switch anytime. If it fails, then... it fails and nothing of value was lost.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:23:06
The economy of mining is that it's only economic to mine if you're large. Bitcoin (and any economic system) is naturally centralizing. Mining has a huge economy of scale going for it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:14:46
Bitcoin Cash explicitly removes segwit support as it's not necessary when we're changing the base block size.
@_date: 2017-08-06 04:06:13
USD is the world's reserve currency and people buy plenty of coffee with that.
People buy Bitcoin primarily to buy drugs and pay ransomware.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:12:36
I love how this already fits in a tweet, but you needed to shorten Bitcoin Cash to Bcash anyway...
@_date: 2017-08-09 20:19:16


This is Bitcoin. *All actors are malicious.*
I can think of plenty of reasons to refuse to cooperatively close a channel. e.g. "Oh, I'm sorry, you have to pay a ransom of $20 if you want me to sign the closing transaction."
@_date: 2017-08-20 12:34:08
It removes it from the part of the block that old nodes check size on, by replacing transactions with anyone can spends. New nodes know about the separate witness block where the signature lives.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:16:33
SegWit exists to increase transaction throughput by removing signature data from the base block. If you're just going to hardfork to change that base block size limit, then SegWit doesn't help you. It's primary benefit is to fool old versions of Bitcoin into thinking that blocks are smaller than they actually are, so that we don't have to hardfork.
@_date: 2017-08-10 00:52:49
If this was a one-way channel, this would be true. However, with two-way channels, there is a risk that the counterparty closes the channel with an old channel transaction that gives them more money than entitled to. This is called "stale check" fraud.
To avoid stale check fraud, both parties agree that the channel transaction's outputs are time locked: you can't spend them again until some time later. This gives you a window of opportunity to relay the Breach Remedy Transaction and punish the counterparty's fraud.
If the channel is closed cooperatively, both parties sign a new transaction that allows spending of the outputs immediately. However, if your counterparty is malicious, and they are because *this is Bitcoin*, they can refuse to cooperatively close the channel. Thus, denying you access to your funds until the lock period expires. This can range from a mild irritant to a serious problem depending on how badly you need those funds settled, which is why someone might attempt to ransom their cooperative close signature.
Keep in mind that the security guarantee against stale check fraud is proportional to how much time you want to allow the counterparty to deny you your money. If you set the locktime to an hour, then you cannot ever be offline for more than an hour at a time. If you set it to a week then you can be offline for a few days, but then uncooperative closes take a week to settle. And this tradeoff is something you need to pick when *opening* the channel, which by LN's design intent will be months or years before you actually need to close it. I guarantee you nobody will know how to set this parameter correctly, because there is no correct setting.
@_date: 2017-08-09 03:20:21
Lightning Network isn't a network per se. It's a P2P protocol for two users to stash their money in a box and then exchange Bitcoin transactions to unlock that box. Any time someone wants settlement of their Bitcoins, they broadcast the transaction which closes the channel.
The only secure iteration of Lightning Network's protocol is one-way payments. You put $50 in the box and then issue checks that split progressively more and more of that money to the counterparty. There are also two-way payment channels, which are the truly useful iteration of LN. However, there is no inherent protection against someone trying to cash a stale check.
Let's say Alice and Bob put $50 each in their channel. They start with transaction 1, splitting the channel address back into two equal payments of $50 to Alice and Bob. Alice then wants to send $10 to Bob, so she sends Bob a new signed transaction splitting the channel differently. Transaction 2 now sends $40 to Alice and $60 to Bob. Bob sends a signature for transaction 2 back to Alice. Now Bob wants to send $20 back to Alice, so he computes and signs Transaction 3 sending $60 to Alice and $40 to Bob, which is then accepted and signed by the counterparty.
At this point in time there is the potential for fraud: Alice has a fully signed version of the channel transaction where she receives more money than she currently is entitled to. Once Bob has sent Alice the physical goods involved in the transaction, she can send the "stale check", transaction 2, out onto the cryptocurrency network and reverse the last transaction. The security provided by the mining PoW cannot apply to a transaction made outside of the Bitcoin chain.
There *is* a solution for this: punishment checks. (Bitcoin Wiki calls them "Breach Remedy Transactions".) So, let's say when sending Transaction 3, Bob was also required to sign another transaction that says if transaction 2 is on the network, Alice gets all of the channel's value. So if Bob sends out Transaction 2, the punishment transaction becomes valid and she can steal more coins from Bob than Bob would stand to gain from sending stale checks.
Here are all the ways this can fail:
 * The punishment transaction will not work if the stale check has already been confirmed and unlocked. Alice has to be online to notice the fraud and punish Bob for it. This is why existing Lightning Network deliverables for mobile platforms only support one-way channels. *Two-way payment channels are intrinsically hostile to users without stable network connectivity.*
 * To avoid this, Alice and Bob may instead decide to put a timelock on the channel transaction, such that the funds may not be spent immediately. This allows you a larger time to notice and punish a fraudulent channel close. If the counterparty is not malicious, then both parties can cooperatively close the channel and get their money immediately. However, if your counterparty is malicious, they can still refuse to sign this cooperative closing transaction and deny you access to your coins for the timelock period.
 * Let's say Alice sent Bob $60 in transaction 4. The channel is now exhausted: Alice can no longer send coins. However, she also can no longer be punished, since the cooperative channel close is *identical* to a punishment. Thus, she can send out a stale check without fear of losing money and with the small possibility of getting away with it. *The security guarantee of the punishment check diminishes as transactions along the channel get more one-sided.*
 * Punishments do not work in the presence of transaction malleability. If the transaction ID of a stale check has been changed, the punishment associated with it's successor will never validate. You must always use SegWit transactions in your two-way channel. *This means that you cannot use two-way payment channels with Bitcoin Cash at all.*
@_date: 2017-08-20 12:38:53
Do you guys even care about the Bitcoin protocol anymore, or just about scoring political points against enemies of the coin? Bitcoin Cash got their own chain, they got their big blocks, and you don't have to give two shits about it if you don't want to. The fact that you guys keep shouting "BCash" is just antagonism at this point.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:33:42
What's the deletion period like? Keep in mind that deleting old blocks puts a cap on how far back the blockchain can reorganize. If an accidental chain split happens for longer than the deletion period than the split cannot be merged anymore. You'll have two sets of nodes with two copies of the ledger that can't be reconciled because the transactions can't be replayed on the longer fork anymore.
Accidental chain splits have happened, btw - both from programming accidents as well as SPV miners failing to enforce the rules they signaled for.
@_date: 2017-08-10 16:51:45
Except their proposed solution is Segwit2X: something which will reduce fees *further* than just Segwit alone.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:38:21
Strictly speaking any cryptocurrency supports one-way payment channels. If you just want to send a fixed amount to someone over time, you can do that on any chain. But one-way payment channels are also trivial and only really work for contrived micropayment scenarios.
The complicated part of payment channels happen when you want to be able to send money in two directions. Then you need protection against counter-parties closing the channel with a stale transaction, which necessitates the use of secondary breach remedy transactions and a lock period on spending the settled funds so that you have time to notice the fraud. All of *those* transactions that actually keep two-way channels secure (if you can stay online) also only work if the counterparty can't manipulate transaction IDs to invalidate them.
This is the primary reason why Core has been so focused on SegWit - it solves malleability. Two-way payment channels do not work without some kind of malleability fix. If you have it, then you can have two-way payment channels with any number of coins involved, because you're just updating more than one transaction on more than one chain. So Bitcoin and Litecoin  or Bitcoin and Ethereum can have cross-chain swaps, but not Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.
(I have been hearing some rumblings about a FlexTrans softfork in the future on Bitcoin Cash's side, which if it fixes malleability, would enable payment channels between BCH and other chains.)
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:35:32
Because literally nobody was arging for *smaller* than 1MB blocks two years ago.
This particular proposal *reduces* the block size limit until 2024.
@_date: 2017-08-11 02:31:35
1MB is the proper block size because anything larger requires a hardfork. So long as there is existing Bitcoin software in operation that will reject 1MB blocks, any attempt at a hardfork creates an altcoin - even if Core does it. "Hardfork" just means "create a new cryptocurrency and get everyone to call it Bitcoin".
SegWit is a backwards-compatible version of a block-size-increasing hardfork. Old nodes are tricked into thinking everybody is using anyone-can-spend transactions, while the real, too-big-for-old-Bitcoin data exists elsewhere. It's convoluted and stupid, but it doesn't split the network.
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:18:34
No, you see, being banned by Comcast is *good* for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:41:33
You guys have a really odd idea of how banks work. If they actually cared about controlling Bitcoin or other crypto, they would have already co-opted and buried it.
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:22:04
What free market? I have one option for Internet access in my area. That's the same for a huge fraction of the US. Hell, even if there isn't an explicit franchise deal (government-granted monopoly) over your area, you'll often find that two ISPs in the same market will deliberately avoid competing with each other, *because it is unprofitable for two ISPs to compete with each other for the same set of customers*.
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:03:12
Depending on your opinion of on-chain scaling, yes, but they weren't banks. Not every attack on Bitcoin is the Federal Reserve personally ordering your execution.
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:54:35
Currently the Bitcoin network's only antispam provision is the block size cap. There is nothing requiring miners to place economically viable transactions in those blocks. If you want to block spam, then create a consensus-viable definition of what spam is, propose it as a softfork BIP, and watch as everyone calls you the thing that killed Bitcoin for doing so.
@_date: 2012-10-15 03:23:10
Bitcoins are magic liberty sauce, right?
@_date: 2017-10-29 19:08:32
We already do charge by the output, indirectly. Currently, outputs add bytes onto a transaction, making them more expensive to confirm. This will be the case until Schnorr signatures happen, and even then you'll have to move your money into them like SegWit addresses.
@_date: 2017-10-27 23:41:45
Yes, and there's some idiots in who think we need 1GB blocks. (uhm... what?!) At this point, it's politics moreso than technical merits, on either side of the debate.
That being said, the whole point of the 1MB limit was antispam; and I'd argue that it doesn't necessarily do the job well. Miners only look at the size of the transactions to determine what kind of fee they need to pay out in order to be included in the ledger. If you're willing to pay more, you can get some massive hog of a transaction included on-chain that splits one output 100 different ways just to waste network resources.
If Core ever agrees to a block size hardfork, I hope they replace the size/weight limit entirely with a check on how economical the transactions are in a block. Or in other words, the block size should dynamically adjust with the number of, say, Bitcoin-days destroyed. If you have a lot of valuable transactions then you should be able to include more of them in a block. If you have a lot of transactions where money changes hands frequently, then maybe your block doesn't get to be as large. This would mean that, the more transaction spam you inject into the network, the more transaction fee *you* have to pay (because your outputs are newer); while people with older outputs can spend at lower fees (since that transaction justifies having more block space).
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:54:29




Pick one. Because there's precisely two arguments against S2X that I've seen so far, and one of them *relies* on the idea that Bitcoin is or should be controlled by Core.
1. Increased block size limit represents an impediment to full-node operation and prevents disinterested parties from auditing the blockchain. This is at least a fair argument, though I don't think it's correct. Or more specifically, it implies that smaller blocks equals more full nodes. Which isn't the case. Users don't get paid for running a full node. Even if blocks were 1kb instead of 1mb, you'd still see the vast majority of users running SPV because SPV is easier. Hell even miners run SPV now.
2. Increased block size limit per se is not a problem, but the lack of consensus is. This relies on the idea that there is a way to fairly determine user consensus. Of course, [there isn't]( which is why we have the minor ecological catastrophe that is Bitcoin PoW mining. So I guess there's people who think that Bitcoin Core represents that user consensus (as opposed to expert consensus).
Bitcoin relies on well-tested software in order to function, and so long as users support Core by trusting their client; then we can say that Core controls Bitcoin. Trust implies control. So yes, we can say that Core controls Bitcoin, which is why some people view non-Core changes to Bitcoin as an attack. Hence, yes, Bitcoin Core is Free Software, but the Bitcoin token and network are not freely modifiable or extendable. Saying "No company controls Bitcoin" implies the latter when you clearly only meant the former.
@_date: 2011-06-18 05:18:03
While we're at it, I had an idea of how to secure wallets, too, but as something which would probably require some work to design and create:
It involves USB dongles whose sole responsibility is to display details of transactions on a small LCD and ONLY sign them if the user presses a button on the dongle. If the user sees invalid or unexpected data on the LCD, the machine is trying to generate fraudulent spends, and you should unplug the wallet dongle.
Sadly I'm not 100% sure that this would be safe due to the issue of potential exploitation of the dongle by a compromised machine. Still, it massively reduces the attack surface of a machine with a bitcoin wallet to just the protocol used to offload signing to the dongle.
Not to mention the hardware doesn't exist yet, either. Right now it's just an idea.
@_date: 2011-06-18 00:43:45
I once had an idea to offload transaction signing onto a small USB dongle. The dongle would hold the wallet.dat, and in normal operation the contents would be unavailable. Instead, when Bitcoin wants to generate a spend, it sends the details of the transaction to the dongle. Then it flashes the transaction amount and target address on a small LCD. Only after pressing a button to confirm would the dongle actually generate a transaction signature and send it back to Bitcoin on your computer.
The idea is that a potentially compromised machine wouldn't be able to copy your wallet (it's on a separate dongle with no software access) nor generate fraudulent spends (you have to authorize it on the dongle, and you see the amount and the target address). The problem I see is software security - if the dongle is responsible for checking the whole transaction, then we have to deal with a string, which could mean buffer overflows. And if it's just handed the hash of the transaction data, which is a fixed width block, then we can't display meaningful data to the user other than that hash.
@_date: 2011-06-17 06:43:39


This is an interesting property of Bitcoin: We can't reverse theft transactions, but we can track where the money goes if we know an address has ill-gotten funds attached to it, so all the major Bitcoin exchanges can refuse payment from addresses which have recieved stolen funds. And you don't have to be a law enforcement agent to know if you're getting stolen funds.
@_date: 2011-06-30 18:26:23
It's a joke referring to the fact that a lot of the activity on Second Life is poorly-rendered porn.
@_date: 2011-06-17 17:02:08
Receiving stolen property is a crime; that being said the correct way to signal that you are not helping to launder BTC funds would be to spend the amount of stolen BTC to the original address it was stolen from. That is, of course, only if you actually believe you have received BTC from a stolen address.
In the future, we should have a list of addresses used to recieve or launder stolen funds, where if you receive BTC from one, the client can warn that you may have received stolen funds, who's claiming them, and the proper return address of said funds.
@_date: 2011-06-29 04:09:46
Second Life is probably the first example I've seen of a penis-backed economy.
@_date: 2011-06-17 07:13:50
1. Major BTC exchanges are going to be shitlisting this particular bitcoin address, and anything it spends to.
2. If an exchange already accepted BTC from one of these addresses, they now have a valid bank address that they can report to the police as holding stolen money.
In fact, the public nature of the Bitcoin transaction history means it's rather easy for anyone to track the location of stolen Bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-06-29 04:13:42
Yes, that's one block per ten minutes for the whole network. For an individual miner, a difficulty increase means a longer mean time between blocks.
@_date: 2011-06-18 00:21:41
Well, the nature of bitcoin means that we pretty much have to run warnings on suspect addresses to make it hard to spend such funds. The network doesn't allow us to compel unauthorized spends.
Also, address-to-address laundering doesn't really give you any added anonymity. All transactions are public, so if you know a particular address has stolen BTC funds you can track where those funds go for as long as you like. Likewise, if you don't want to recieve stolen funds, and you know a particular address has stolen funds, you can track the funds back through the block chain and see if any of the money passed through the suspect address.
@_date: 2011-07-04 21:15:19
THIS JUST IN: LOW-VOLUME EXCHANGE MARKETS TEND TO HAVE VOLATILE PRICING
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:00:22
Because users are allowed to choose passwords, and they can only remember a short few. Also, remembering a new password is hard, and in the process of committing the password to memory, one must store it somewhere (either on a postit, which is bad, or on a file on a computer, which is worse).
@_date: 2011-06-29 04:26:00
If Bitcoin is illegal, then so are poker chips, Second Life spacebux, whatever the hell Entropia players use, Eve Online ISK, and possibly even World of Warcraft gold.
@_date: 2011-07-12 06:12:31


Will this include, in a hypothetical anti-bitcoin state, bitcoin itself? :P
@_date: 2011-06-27 04:03:47
Alright, I'm calling it - mining bubble.
@_date: 2019-05-25 21:39:35
Wait, so... BCH hardforked specifically because they wanted to keep SegWit transactions off their blockchain... except they didn't bother to actually prevent them from getting on there anyway!? And then their reaction was, "Okay let's make them unspendable for a year but then miners can steal them"?!
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:19:12
I disagree.
If you look at the iTunes ecosystem, Apple gets to take 30% off the top of every transaction. This is why they require iTunes billing for in-app purchases and subscriptions - most of those items have high enough margins that Apple can bully people into handling Apple that 30% cut. You know who explicitly foregoes on-device purchases that fall under Apple's IAP requirements? Amazon's Kindle service. Why? Because 30% would destroy their margins and then some.
Let's look at physical products, now. There's a really good reason why Apple isn't forcing IAP billing for physical goods delivery - nobody would bite. The margins on retail are typically less than 10% for a very wide variety of goods - it's a volume business. Any payment processor that a retail business would typically use gets only about 2-3% per swipe. This is entirely contrary to Apple's business model - selling high-margin goods. No retailer would join an Apple payment network at margins Apple would be willing to accept, which is why Apple isn't touching mobile payments.
@_date: 2013-03-29 14:20:29
Except the Internet was offering something novel, specifically, a new way to transfer information. Bitcoin is offering a slow, less secure solution to a problem that was solved 15 years ago. It doesn't offer anything above and beyond normal e-commerce.
It doesn't offer anonymity, despite claiming otherwise, because the blockchain transactions are completely public. All they do is use obfuscated labels instead of people's names. But that doesn't give you much. Let's say you buy some pot with some bitcoins. Your dealer gets busted, and the feds run his bitcoin wallet through a computer which tracks the blockchain history and your address comes up. They check FinCEN for all Bitcoin withdrawals from the major exchanges and your address comes up. Bam, they know you're buying pot. Whereas with a cash transaction, the only record that exists of the exchange are eyewitnesses.
It doesn't offer easier payment handling, because you have to go through exchanges to get money you can use, you have to fiddle with extraordinarily long and hard to manage payment addresses, and it takes an hour to get a reasonable number of confirmations on a transfer. There are already ways to transfer money electronically between individuals and companies that don't require going through laggy-as-fuck Magic the Gathering Online eXchange. Bitcoin didn't invent electronic commerce - in fact, the vast majority of financial transactions already occur electronically, with much less friction and much more security than Bitcoin provides.
It doesn't even offer decentralized transaction handling because mining is becoming more specialized. The amount of investment required to become even remotely competitive in the mining lottery is going to spike when/if ASIC miners hit the scene. In the future, the only people able to afford mining - especially if the exchange price collapses, or even just stops skyrocketing - are going to be people who are politically motivated in controlling Bitcoin's transaction history.
And it's not even a good thing to have decentralized transaction handling anyway. Traditional payment handling systems have ways to mitigate transaction fraud that Bitcoin specifically eschews. If I steal someone's Bitcoin wallet file, and spend the coins to my own wallet, it's pretty safe to say that you will never be able to get those coins back aside from somehow convincing &gt;50% of the miners to construct a new transaction history with the fraudulent transactions no longer there. The story ends there with you out of a large amount of funds.
Whereas in the traditional payment handling world, transactions can be reversed if they turn out to have been fraudulently made. If I steal someone's credit card number, sure, I might be able to buy a couple iPads from Best Buy or something. But the person I've stolen from will be able to get those transactions reversed, and both the bank and the retailer will have an incentive to hunt me down. Unless I'm an absolute professional thief, I'm going to inevitably make a mistake that results in me getting caught and sent to prison.
I seriously don't see the reason to use Bitcoin, even if the economy was fully realized with all sectors transacting in it.
@_date: 2013-03-29 12:49:13
Bitcoin exchange volatility does not provide any socially useful benefit.
The problem is that Bitcoin currently has nothing resembling a full economy. We have a couple retail sellers and that's it - once they receive the Bitcoin, they need to dump it immediately to get dollars. All they can do with the Bitcoin is buy from the same group of retailers that aren't selling anything they need to buy for their business. This means that Bitcoin is essentially a proxy for USD, and that our prices peg to the exchange rate. Exchange volatility becomes price volatility.
So what this means is that every transaction is dollars to Bitcoins, the sale, then Bitcoins to dollars again. You don't have an actual currency. You have Nintendo Fun Points. And just like last-generation consoles' insistence on using stupid points schemes to hide the true cost of goods, Bitcoin is something that doesn't make sense to use when you can just trade dollars and skip the exchanges - which, by the way, will actually make things cheaper, because exchanges are leeches that suck the value out of transactions.
Here's a short list of things we currently can't pay for with Bitcoins:
 * Bulk commercial wholesale goods
 * Industrial production goods and machinery
 * Labor
 * Government services (such as permits, taxes, toll roads, and so on)
 * Credit, savings accounts, and loans
 * Stock ownership and other investments
I.e. the rest of the economy that isn't retail consumer goods.
By the way, this isn't a criticism specific to Bitcoin. It's a problem of network effects and applies to any other currency. Just take my rant and inject any other non-fiat currency, such as gold, and the same points apply. No matter how high the exchange value increases for the currency, unless there is a broad base of people who accept that currency, it's pretty much worthless for trade except as a proxy for currencies that *are* accepted by a broad base of users. In practice, this winds up being fiat currencies, because legal force is highly effective at getting *all* economic actors to use a new currency. Even gold, when it was considered money, had a fiat element to it, because monarchies wanted large amounts of it to show off their social influence and wealth.
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:34:49
True. To be honest, I would be fine with better with some pre-screening on Google Play - the Android platform itself is still open to non-Play applications so it's perfectly fine for Google to try and clean up their offering so long as we can route around any stupid restrictions they try to pull. Also, I do believe Google started work on malware detection and filtering for submitted store apps a while back.
@_date: 2013-03-23 18:19:35
users don't like competing cryptofinancial systems.
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:22:05
Androie user here, not a lot of shitty apps to be found here. Maybe outside of the store, yes, but all the apps I have used are pretty good quality.
@_date: 2013-04-02 02:00:07
SPOILER ALERT: This doesn't matter because we don't need to use an exchange to turn our USD into value. This is because the USD is an actual economy. If BTC was an actual economy (and there are several barriers to that becoming a reality) then we wouldn't have to worry about the BTC/USD exchange value as it would have less of an effect on the prices of goods.
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:57:44
"And others" is pretty vague. How about the entire technology industry in California?
This isn't even that much related to Bitcoin - it just so happens that some Bitcoin startups would be headquartered in the state where most tech startups are formed.
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:21:29
Yeah, pretty much.
This probably has little to do with Bitcoin being new and unsure - I mean, lots of other games have currencies you can buy with real money, and Apple wants a chunk of that money. So they have a rule saying that everything has to use iTunes as a payment processor so they get to charge 30%.
I wouldn't be angry about this if Apple didn't also lock down their phones such that they only accept Apple-approved applications. On Android, Google can be as evil as they want with Google Play, but I can just distribute APKs directly to users and ignore Google Play entirely.
You can also jailbreak the phone in the meantime. Not everyone can jump ship from Apple right this moment, because that involves buying a new phone.
@_date: 2013-03-23 05:28:33
@_date: 2013-07-06 19:38:57
So, on a larger note, Bitcoin will never be ready for adoption in any setting where upgrades take longer than a day?
Because it seems that even minor changes to the protocol wind up making older clients completely vulnerable to double-spend attacks. If it's just a bunch of geeks playing with digital pogs, that's fine, but if you want actual merchants to accept Bitcoin then you simply cannot require immediate upgrades. Most businesses can't go faster than a quarterly upgrade cycle. 
Or, in other terms, something as important as Bitcoin simply can't be run as an agile project.
@_date: 2013-11-17 21:03:50
And what then?
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:36:33
First off, your username does not inspire confidence that you actually read my concerns.
The problem I'm saying is that you cannot have a purely Bitcoin based economy if you still want to have physical transactions. The user experience isn't there yet, and it's unlikely that it will be without a hardfork and extreme changes to the operating parameters of Bitcoin which the core developers are unlikely to approve. You can surely accept it right now if you want, but I'm not going to pretend for a second that it has the ability to revitalize an entire economy.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:22:12
Uh, how exactly does jailbreaking your phone make it insecure?
@_date: 2013-01-23 21:13:25
I don't. It's unprofessional and stupid, for the simple fact that it doesn't trade MtG cards, it trades Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-17 01:49:57
If there were no exchanges, there would be no way to obtain bitcoins other than building a mining rig or finding someone on Craigslist who had one and was willing to sell them to you. Neither of which is effective for large scale economy growth. The fact that you think this would make Bitcoin stronger is an indication that you don't really understand how currencies work, especially bitcoin.
What would happen is that Bitcoin would quickly tank, all the miners would shut down, and anyone still foolish enough to accept Bitcoin would be faced with a wave of double-spend attacks. Why? Well, because mining isn't there just to distribute new coins. It's there to provide a single, unified history of the Bitcoin economy that no individual can reliably influence. This only works if there is a large number of uncoordinated miners such that nobody controls more than 51% of the total Bitcoin mining power. So basically, Bitcoin wouldn't survive the drop.
If people could only choose between Bitcoin and real money, they'd pick the money they can buy things in, which is government-backed currencies. In fact that's what people are doing today even despite having the ability to pick both. There's no economic reason to choose Bitcoin over other currencies right now, because using Bitcoin at all requires using an exchange at some point. Even businesses that normally have to handle multiple currencies can at least pay their workers in all of them and rarely have to go through an exchange to meet the shortfall. Very few businesses could actually be run entirely on Bitcoins. Good luck finding workers willing to accept pay in Bitcoins, for the same problems - in fact, it's illegal, because that's the kind of bullshit mining companies did to screw miners over a barrel in the 1800s.
Now, in reality, the US government doesn't care about "shutting Bitcoin down" any more than they care about "shutting Second Life down". You'll notice most exchanges already require you to verify yourself or deal with very restrictive withdrawl limits. This is because financial organizations have to follow KYC rules. And the Bitcoin network itself already has public transaction records by it's nature, so it wouldn't be too hard for the US Government to pressure a few major exchanges to give them the deposit and withdrawl addresses of suspected terrorists A, B, and C.
@_date: 2013-03-17 13:13:52
Agreed, but debt collectors are still masters of harassing the poor and underpowered.
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:00:26
Pretty much, but the difference is how savvy the lying cheating scum in question is.
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:20:17
Blue pill, please. At the end of the year, I'll still have money, while you'll be stuck holding useless bitcoins when the value inevitably collapses.
Until you can get people to hold onto their bitcoins after receiving them, and not just throw them straight at MtGox to get money they can actually spend, you'll have nothing more than a proxy for the fiat currencies you hate so much.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:20:54
There's two theories. The first is that they've been stalling due to a lack of economically viable or technically functioning product. This would mean that BFL has been lying to cover their ass; and there's plenty of evidence to support that. However, the fact that they're shipping product to Wired would indicate that they're at least sort of serious: It's not like Wired is going to give them a sparkling review for a crap product.
So this goes on to my second theory: BFL is trying to limit the number of ASIC miners in service. The thing about mining is that your earnings are connected to how powerful your mining hardware is, but *relative to the power of everybody else's mining hardware*. The only real advantage ASIC gives you is when everybody else is using GPUs. Once everybody (i.e. everybody who's serious) moves to ASICs, then your earnings will regress back to the mean. What this means is that the 'express shipping' fee is really there to allow a few people who paid up in advance to actually experience the benefits of ASICs ahead of the rush of people who didn't pay up. What you're paying for with express shipping is the privilege of being able to ASIC mine ahead of the initial rush of new hardware. This also has security implications if a very small handful of people have very powerful miners that can outhash the rest of the network.
Both theories aren't necessarily mutually exclusive, either: it could be possible that BFL can only produce a small amount of functioning miners and decided to extract additional payouts by shipping the product very, very slowly. This of course would mean that there's no actual wave of ASICs poised to spike the difficulty.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:04:45


This is already a bad idea.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:12:56
Wake up, sheeple!
Wake up, sheeple!
[WAKE UP, SHEEPLE!](
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:51:18
It's not a useless comparison, at least from the point of view of people who want to use Bitcoin. You have to remember that technology for technology's sake isn't worthwhile to anybody. People buy into new technologies because of the underlying value proposition that it provides. And Bitcoin has two elements - a currency and a payment network - which have to be taken together. So no matter how good the payment network is, it doesn't matter if it can only transact a currency nobody wants.
Nobody wants a new currency. We need currencies to die. You can't create a new currency and say it's the global standard; then you're just [making the problem worse]( Even then, Bitcoin isn't backed by fiat, which means that the entire size of the Bitcoin economy is "people who want to use it" - which is quite small. The people who want to actually use Bitcoin the payment network are selling their coins as quickly as possible to get money they can actually spend. To them, the fact that Bitcoin is a separate currency is a mere implementation detail they want to avoid.
Sadly, this means that so long as people don't want Bitcoin the currency - and for a looong while, they won't, then Bitcoin the payment network is intimately tied to it's exchanges as a single point of failure. Which brings me to my argument - specifically, that exchange rates don't matter (again, implementation detail), but DDoS attacks DO. DDoS attacks mean that the exchanges don't work, and all your Bitcoins that your business accepted are now worthless to the business until the exchanges are fixed. Even without the DDoSes, the exchanges are vulnerable to manipulation (like all markets) and everyone wanting to use Bitcoin just as a payment system are going to see themselves getting swindled at the exchanges, just like real forex.
@_date: 2013-03-17 13:12:56
The reason why the US Government made private ownership of gold illegal in 1932 is because it was needed for trade with other countries. In a sense, it was a really, really confiscatory tax. You'll notice that gold confiscation ended when Nixon nixed the Bretton-Woods agreement and it was no longer needed for international trade.
There are reasons why most fiat currencies tend to mild inflationary (3-5%) status and it's because it makes production and trade a better investment than saving. This will continue for a while. I don't see a loss of confidence in the US Dollar happening any time in the next 50 years. The US Dollar is backed by the force of the largest military on the planet. We're in a situation where other countries are using OUR currency as their own, which means that there is much more confidence placed in the US Dollar than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:33:49
That's what I thought. MtGox is a fly-by-night operation in every aspect, regulatory compliance being one of them.
In fact, they actually *lied* on their wire account application to avoid being caught.
@_date: 2013-03-17 01:08:11
Not entirely. What normally happens is that these bad debts get sold to a loan collector, a very ethically questionable entity which goes around harassing people for the full value of debts they paid much, much less for. From the point of view of the person selling the debt, they get almost nothing other than to be able to write it off. But from the point of view of the loan collector they make an enormous profit harassing people for loans they had little to do with.
@_date: 2013-05-08 15:17:39
Not to mention that the surrounding services required for Bitcoin to be a usable economic system aren't there yet. That, more than the underlying macroeconomic parameters or technical prowess, will decide Bitcoin's fate.
@_date: 2013-05-15 02:07:06
PayPal's official, on-the-books policy regarding transaction disputes is this:
1. Does the merchant have a tracking number to prove that physical merchandise was shipped? If so seller wins
2. Otherwise buyer wins
Basically, PayPal's transaction dispute system boils down to tracking number verification. As such, unless you are shipping packages, you should not use PayPal ever ever ever ever.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:58:25
Okay, so how do I get money into or out of BTC-e? They only take weird Russian payment providers that I don't trust. Likewise for Bitcoin24 or Bitstamp - "international wire transfers" are incredibly shady and unfamiliar to US users. Especially with anonymous cryptocurrencies, I don't think I would like to have to go on the phone with a CSR from my bank to tell them that the extremely shady wire transfer to a Russian bank is totally legit because I'm using it to buy Bitcoins, which the media continues to hype up as "OMG YOU CAN BUY DRUGS WITH THESE".
MtGox is popular simply because they support US payment providers like Dwolla, which is convenient, familiar, and less likely to result in embarassing conversations with your bank.
@_date: 2013-10-27 20:01:39
Comparatively yes - even on a "perfectly secure" box with no vulns it's fairly easy to socially engineer someone to install a trojan or something that goes around looking for people's bitcoins to steal. Most platforms - especially desktops - don't apply nearly enough scrutiny to proprietary application developers, and users will install anything they are told to. Sure, yes, *you* might not be dumb enough to install trojans from a shady banner ad, but if you ever want Bitcoin to go mainstream as a payment method you have to have some kind of solution for reversing fraudulent transactions.
Conventional theft of paper currency is fairly difficult, high risk to fairly low reward. You produce a lot of public evidence of your crimes and governments exist primarily to find you out and put you in prison. The only place where you get to get away with it is in poorer neighborhoods where police departments are (intentionally?) underfunded.
Theft of money stored electronically (aka "identity theft") is easier and carries higher rewards; however the liability changes. If someone steals cash from me, I lose the money; but if someone steals my credit card number and buys a bunch of iPads the liability falls with ether the bank or the merchant, but not usually to me. It's the change in liability that makes banking with an institution safer, relatively, than engaging in cash transactions.
Bitcoin theft provides all of the ease of conventional identity theft but without the liability shift that comes with using a credit card. So not only is it easier to have people steal from you, there's no bank that can reverse fraudulent transactions on your behalf. Actually, it's potentially even easier than stealing a credit card because the payment card industry has evolved security standards and anti-fraud mechanisms that make it harder to steal or monetize stolen credit cards; things which Bitcoin doesn't have. To be fair, Bitcoin does use public key crypto, but it doesn't matter if user endpoints are so easily compromised.
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:28:30
I'm assuming all of this is because of Cyprus?
I'm noticing that the hilarious desync between BTCe and MtGox has almost disappeared. BTCe only accepts payments from weird Russian payment networks, so it's typically a very cheap source of Bitcoin. But today the spread is melting away.
Cyprus was notable for having a lot of Russian banking business, so I assume a lot of that is flooding into the Bitcoin market as fast as possible. And naturally they would have a much easier time dealing with BTCe's rather lackluster funding options.
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:24:31
To steal cash I have to break or enter into your house, or cause violent harm to you (mugging). Breqking into someone's computer is much easier to do, especially at scale.
@_date: 2013-05-15 02:01:53
This isn't capital controls, this is most likely having something to do with money laundering.
@_date: 2013-05-15 02:07:42
Yes, even if you did. They aren't shipping packages with tracking numbers on them, so you can chargeback their transactions at any time.
@_date: 2013-10-27 02:18:32
Bitcoin is still an incredibly risky financial system - even beyond normal concerns regarding stability of the currency, it's particular economic ideology, it's still an incredibly easy thing to horribly screw yourself or get screwed over and lose a crapton of money by either losing your wallet or having the contents thereof stolen from you. You guys still don't have an anti-theft system and the user experience of dealing with nebulous, intangible things like crypto keys is... suboptimal. It's all the security of leaving cash under your mattress with the tangibility of modern electronic banking.
Other than that, the fact that Bitcoin has appreciated so rapidly makes it a fairly poor medium of exchange. If Something Awful had embraced Bitcoin as a payment method for that $10 fee at the $0.25 exchange rate, then you could also say that people who bought into the forum lost out on $7000 when they registered. Even if $10 worth of Bitcoins was worth it then, it wouldn't be worth it now, compared to having hoarded the currency.
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:16:14
Long-run Bitcoin price volatility (i.e. massive spikes) is going to make it very hard to use Bitcoin for anything other than a USD proxy. The thing is: In a normal currency, exchange rates are influenced by the price of goods changing over time. In Bitcoin, this doesn't happen. Instead, the price of goods are pegged to the exchange rate. Underlying this is the fact that very few people are actually selling things in Bitcoin. This means that people who do want to sell things for Bitcoin don't want to keep it for long, because it's hard to find other people willing to accept Bitcoins for things. So the value of Bitcoin is almost entirely it's exchange rate against the dollar. Which, as I already said, is very volatile. Hence, these price rises are actually killing Bitcoin in the long run by making it a logistical nightmare to hold Bitcoin savings.
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:48:20
My point is that you have a loooong way to go from "USD proxy" to "money".
@_date: 2013-11-17 20:58:45
No, moral of the story: Read your tax laws (or pay someone else to do it)
@_date: 2013-05-16 00:02:28
So what? Judges can pierce the corporate veil.
Even then, good luck finding a bank which will let you wire money to Japan.
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:43:22
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO!
Organized crime is a social problem, not a god damn software bug that you can fix with better code!
@_date: 2013-01-23 20:41:27
Well, keep in mind too that custom Bitcoin hardware doesn't really make economic sense, and a lot of these "mining FPGA/ASIC" things have been scams. Even if they weren't, using expensive custom hardware to mine Bitcoins most certainly would not be cost effective, unless Bitcoins were to suddenly spike in price and stay there.
@_date: 2013-04-05 01:48:09
That's pretty much it.
@_date: 2013-03-23 03:54:46
The protection against double-spends and fraud in Bitcoin is based on having miners compete to add new blocks and coinbase transactions through the hash lottery. The idea being to prevent any one user from gaining 50% of all blocks and being able to win mining races to reverse transactions. The problem is that Bitcoin's hashing algorithm is too scalable. For this to be a valid form of security we need to have hashing power equally distributed throughout the network; however, this is not so. CPU mining gave way to GPU mining, which is giving way to ASIC mining when and if any of these ASIC vendors actually ship. With every node of mining power, mining gets harder and more expensive and we push ordinary users out of the race entirely. We're centralizing mining power in a handful of users willing to spend money on SHA-1 brute force machines; and furthermore centralizing *those* users into mining pools which each control about 20% of Bitcoin's total mining power. *We have a mining oligopoly.*
This is fundamentally a problem with Bitcoin's hashing lottery itself. To fix it we'd have to move to alternative cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin or PPcoin that have different mining procedures. Litecoin uses a different hashing algorithm specifically designed to be hard to paralellize and scale in the same way that (edit: SHA-2, 256-bit) can be scaled. So anything like a "Litecoin ASIC" simply doesn't exist. PPcoin is designed around "proof-of-stake", whereby ownership of the currency itself is used as the mining lottery. Both systems attempt to reduce the backdoor centralization inherent in Bitcoin mining.
Short-term this doesn't matter. Long term Bitcoin transactions will be harder and harder to properly confirm as it's double-spend protection slowly weakens. The mining pools will become the new central banks of the Bitcoin world.
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:31:48
Microsoft bundled a web browser with their proprietary OS, which was (at the time) technically better than Netscape, and they got slapped with a ginormous lawsuit for making it part of the Windows API and telling OEMs to keep it installed as a condition of their licenses.
Apple locked down their whole ecosystem, requiring developers to submit through the App Store and using their control to outright banish certain applications from being distributed at all. The government does nothing.
To be honest though, Apple never invented this model. Nintendo did, in 1983, except far worse - developers have to be vetted before being able to buy expensive development hardware, and all their code is secret, because the technical documentation is behind massive, ironclad NDAs. This has been standard operating practice for game consoles ever since, including today.
The FTC tried to step in and stop this in the late 80s, back when Nintendo also wanted 2 years of software exclusivity. But generally the US Government does *not* enforce anti-trust laws on issues of software freedom. In fact, a strict interpretation of libertarian ideology would put both Microsoft, Apple, Nintendo, Sony, and every other offensively restrictive ecosystem they create on the right side of the law. So clearly, if you support software Freedom and you support Bitcoin, and you want Bitcoin to be readily accessible, you can't be a libertarian without serious cognitive dissonance.
@_date: 2013-11-09 02:48:39
Congratulations, you've realized that functioning monetary systems are designed to benefit powerful interests over the general public. But how the hell do you plan to solve it with... a less functional monetary system? Bitcoin is a more broken, more manipulable, less convenient version of widely-accepted financial and monetary infrastructure. Please tell me exactly how a world that has significant Bitcoin adoption will be any more free of exactly the kinds of powerful interests you seem to hate? Keep in mind that Treasury View era economic systems are as manipulable as Keynesian ones.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:27:05
Look, I think you're god damn nuts, and I hope your project fails. There's no way in hell you're going to see widespread Cypriot Bitcoin usage. The reason why there even *is* a Cyprus economic crisis is because the Troika wants to impose strict restrictions on that country as a condition for staying in the Euro. Cyprus' government already believes that staying in the Euro is better for them than the harm from the bum deal they're getting from the Troika. (Honestly, I think the Euro can't stand without a fiscal union backing it anyway, but...)
So let's say Cyprus decided to *not* adopt the Troika's bailout plan - which, essentially, would wind up being a Euro exit, for various macroeconomic reasons that most people in the Bitcoin community wouldn't understand. They now have three options, in order of harm to Cyprus:
1. They could print their own Cyprus currency, and adopt it as the government's currency.
2. They could adopt the currency of another, non-Euro nation, which in most cases winds up being the US Dollar.
3. They could adopt Bitcoin.
Option 1 is the best option. By creating your own currency, you completely control it's value, and thus control the economy. This is the option most countries take, because it means that they aren't at the mercy of the bond market if spending exceeds revenue.
Option 2 is less optimal, because it's the exact same situation our hypothetical alternate-history Cyprus is trying to get out of. When your government is using another government's currency, it's putting it's economy at the mercy of another government's central bank. Replace government with trans-governmental union for the case of the Euro. The main case for Option 2 is in third-world countries with inflation or hyperinflation problems, in which case they usually pick the US Dollar as their new currency - in this form option 2 is known as "dollarization".
Option 3 is absolutely horrendous. Not even because of the macroeconomic problems that come with adopting a currency you can't print - Bitcoin has *microeconomic* problems, as in it's already difficult to trade in Bitcoin. Let's say Cyprus adopts Bitcoin - so, if I don't own a smartphone, how the hell do I buy things at a local store!? Even if you did have a smartphone with Bitcoin installed, now you get to deal with waiting 10 minutes for your transactions to confirm - and that's in the riskier 1 confirmation mode. Instant confirmations exist, but they're extremely risky as there's no double-spend protection. In a Bitcoin economy, any transaction that needs to take less than 10 minutes on average from order to payment gets much more expensive to cover the cost of people who successfully double-spend.
You might think of using, say, a physical Bitcoin substitute, but the problem with physical Bitcoin substitutes is that *you need a smartphone to verify the balance on the substitute document*! In which case you might as well just use the damn smartphone. Not to mention that you always have to trust whoever printed the Bitcoin substitute that they aren't writing private keys down somewhere else that could be used to spend the Bitcoins underneath the physical substitute. So your worries about double-spending are actually increased because transferring a physical substitute generates no actual Bitcoin transactions, and thus the security of the blockchain is lost.
You could, say, have a trusted intermediary responsible for creating Bitcoin-backed certificates for use in physical trade, which would be better. But now we're just making our own currency at this point, so why bother with a Bitcoin peg?
Even if we're talking about, say, the citizens of Cyprus adopting Bitcoin, while the government goes with a different option, we still have the same problems involved with transacting in Bitcoin. There are simply too many issues with Bitcoin to make it a viable economic system just yet.
@_date: 2013-04-03 14:47:10
That's nice and all. But most of the production equipment in the world is owned by a social class of "owners" distinct from the people who use them to produce labor. This is what capitalism is, the separation of labor and ownership. (Not necessarily the existence of free markets, that's a different thing that people love to conflate with capitalist ownership) In a system of capitalist ownership the owners expect return on investment; they expect consistent growth. When they don't get that growth, the markets shit themselves. Rampant consumerism and indebtedness is most certainly a product of capitalism. Inflationary currencies and favorable regulatory conditions are attempts to placate the capitalist economy by engineering the markets to produce more and more growth even when none would normally exist.
The problem here is that capitalism and sustainability are not necessarily compatible. It's okay for you to agree with that. However, the large croud of Bitcoin users probably won't. They support unlimited, unrestrained capitalism under the banner of "Libertarianism". Bitcoin is engineered with their political ideology in mind; more importantly, they don't see deflationary currencies as a path to sustainability. Sustainability isn't even in their design goals, because Bitcoin incentivizes increasing expenditures on more and more powerful mining hardware. In fact, Bitcoin's security model will break if mining becomes a sustainable activity.
@_date: 2013-03-23 05:51:30
The way Bitcoin mining hardware works is to put a bunch of SHA hash units on a single chip so the miner can do parallel work. SHA hashes are designed to be computed quickly and with minimal resources, so they're naturally quite easy to run in parallel. So in other words the design of a Bitcoin ASIC miner isn't necessarily as expensive as other kinds of chips that you could make. The main problem I see is that the hardware is low-volume and thus expensive to make. Hardware is very much a volume business and Bitcoin hardware is extremely specific. Nobody else is going to want a chip that brute forces SHA-2.
Even if hardware costs for ASIC machines dropped, the hardware is still very much special-purpose. With CPU mining everybody with a computer could have a chance of mining some bitcoins. When GPU miners were released this got specialized down to computer with a decent graphics card. This later specialized down into having to have a computer with a very specific AMD card, then a computer with multiples of those, then having multiple computers altogether. Now, the average Bitcoin mining hardware resembles no computer one would actually build or want to use. So already mining has specialized to the point where it's a profession rather than a task everybody on the network carries out.
The problem isn't just the cost of obtaining ASIC hardware, it's the fact that it has to be obtained at all. Mining is a very computationally expensive operation with no other benefits than either going to a mining pool or solo-mining. Unless you have one of these mythical ASICs, or a very specific purpose-built GPU mining rig, you aren't going to make anything resembling a substantial amount of money. But you will be spending lots of electricity to do practically nothing.
So in all practicality, the more specialized the mining gets, the less people can actually start mining, which is contrary to Bitcoin's design.
Even if the ASICs get really cheap, Bitcoin will adjust difficulty to compensate, in a sense, and you'll have to buy a lot of them again.
@_date: 2013-05-06 20:34:41
Colored coins are a worse hack than banning dust outputs, to be honest.
First off, colored coins aren't actually part of the protocol. This means that a participant unaware of a colored coin scheme can still encounter them as part of trade. Let's say that I'm a Bitcoin store that sells goods in exchange for coins. Someone pays me with a wallet containing a fairly large amount of colored coins, which I'm unaware of, but I accept them anyway because why not. The next time I go to an exchange to sell my coins I send the coins to the exchange only to be told that half my coins aren't actually bitcoins, they are something else that's weird and completely different.
The underlying problem is that we aren't actually taking coins out of circulation and turning them into something else. We're scribbling on them with crayon and pretending they're stocks or commodities or what have you, and you will have situations where these colored coins get traded accidentally by users unaware of whatever new kinds of crayon scribbles we're putting on coins these days.
What it does is that it makes the value of a Bitcoin variable based on what colored coins schemes you accept or reject. And we generally shouldn't alter the parameters of the Bitcoin economy outside of Bitcoin itself.
There is, however, -one- justified use of a colored coins scheme, and that's to create an anti-theft system for Bitcoin. You could have an organization of exchanges or merchants that refuse to accept coins known to be stolen, or derived from an address that stole coins.
@_date: 2013-04-03 14:25:13
I doubt the government will try to completely ban Bitcoin. It's not nearly as much of an anonymous wild west do-whatever-the-fuck-you-want world as you think. The transaction history is completely public, and if your servers are in the USA then you're subject to USA laws no matter what currency you use. Most likely they will want to keep Bitcoin so that criminals make stupid mistakes that make them easier to catch.
Scaling is an issue, definitely. To avoid centralizing Bitcoin you want to make sure all clients can audit as much transaction history as possible, but this is going to get harder and harder to do over time. What happens when we have 30 years of transaction history to keep?
I've been ranting and raving about the applications deficit in Bitcoin for a while though. It's one thing to build a currency, another thing to use it.
@_date: 2013-03-16 21:47:50
I tried arbitraging manually two days ago and ran into [annoying issues]( which caused my small profit to become a wash. What kind of exchange charges a 0.01BTC flat fee to do a withdrawl when the actual fees paid out to the network are 0.0005!?
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:57:35
People in the Bitcoin community are notably hostile to criticism.
@_date: 2013-02-07 05:26:55
Amazon Coin is a proprietary currency designed to obfuscate the cost of in-app purchases. They will obviously not be transferrable, because Amazon is not a bank; nor will you be able to convert BTC into Coin or back because Amazon doesn't want to transact in BTC.
Actually, for the record, most merchants don't want to deal with BTC, for the same reason why I can't walk into a 7-Eleven and buy Cheetos with Yen coins. At the end of the day, their workers want to be paid wages in dollars, their vendors want to be paid for goods in dollars, and the local municipality wants to be paid taxes in dollars. There are massive advantages in avoiding currency exchanges where possible when conducting business, which is why you rarely see multiple-currency economies.
@_date: 2013-05-15 02:03:18
I'm assuming the MtGox seizure has something to do with FinCEN registration. Most likely MtGox didn't give a shit... like *everything else MtGox does*. They half-ass everything, and I'm going to assume that includes their regulatory compliance.
@_date: 2013-05-15 23:50:34
There's actual reasons why money service businesses are regulated, specifically, to prevent money laundering.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:17:51
So, you would basically have to lock your money in a notarized wallet in advance of making any purchases?
@_date: 2013-05-15 13:37:55
Yes, but who would want a five days delay for a virtual transaction?
@_date: 2013-03-17 00:44:23
True. Me and my friend literally did it on a lark to see if it was possible. It actually still is possible, but the 0.01 fixed withdrawl fee basically means that I have to start with at least half a bitcoin or more if I actually want to see a profit rather than a loss.
When I can figure out how the hell to get money into BTCe safely I'll probably consider putting some form of actual investment into this. I do suspect when that's possible, though, everyone will have caught on and BTC-e won't have such a ridiculous pricing lag and the spread will collapse.
@_date: 2013-12-06 13:35:48
Forked blocks don't contribute to the ledger, of course not. This just changes what is and isn't considered a fork.
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:06:13
Currently, Bitcoin resolves blockchain forks by selecting whatever chain of blocks was most difficult to mine. This change allows it to consider the presence of further forks on a branch as part of the calculation - so, for example, a heavily forked blockchain will still beat out a long, unforked blockchain, and then Bitcoin will select a branch from the heavily forked blockchain instead of the unforked one.
The reason for this is that increased transaction times result in more frequent blockchain forking. This is wasted work, and it reduces the 50% attack down to a 33% attack (suck on that Litecoin advocates). With this algorithm we essentially allow both branches of a fork to confirm everything before the fork, reducing the wasted work penalty.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:19:16
Because of the allure of free money, combined with people who are already bought into the Bitcoin universe.
@_date: 2013-03-17 00:39:53
The trade fees are more reasonable, somewhere around .2% off a transaction. Withdrawl fees are just stupid.
@_date: 2013-03-28 15:20:21
Yes, except that Free Software ideology does not merely "dislike" the behaviors in question, it believes them to be unethical. Any honest examination of the concept of law - especially the "natural law" that libertarianism clings to - will find at the base of laws the concept of ethics. Laws aren't necessarily moral or ethical either, but morals and ethics do inform it's construction. So if you believe that a particular behavior is unethical, then you would prefer to exist under a legal system where such behaviors were curbed or deincentivized.
@_date: 2013-05-15 21:42:46
Unreasonable would be "Bitcoin exchanges are banned".
Reasonable is "Bitcoin exchanges are OK, so long as they comply with the proper regulations regarding money service businesses", which is what FinCEN did.
@_date: 2013-05-08 15:08:42
They're both right.
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:46:52
Congratulations, you're the first libertarian I've seen to actually support anti-trust law. Even the 'minarchists' hold up anti-trust laws as market-destroying government evils. Are you sure you're a libertarian?
That being said, here's the main problem here: Free Software ideology has a number of ethical tenets in conflict with libertarianism:
1. Distributing software without providing the four freedoms (unlimited use, distribution, modification, and distribution of modifications) is unethical. Keep note that an implication of this is that source code must be available for all software to be ethical software.
2. Distributing software designed to impede the unauthorized sharing of copyrighted cultural works or proprietary software is unethical.
3. Distributing hardware and operating systems designed to impede the execution of unauthorized software is unethical.
@_date: 2013-04-22 01:21:32
Alternate conspiracy theory: The supposed DDoS is actual interest in your currency, and none of the Bitcoin community's sites are willing to spend resources on servers to handle the load.
Keep in mind that Bitcoin got a number of media mentions last week - as in, those stupid pump n' dump scams known as CNBC and Fox Business. Still, they have huge pull, and that's probably where the elevated traffic is coming from.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:17:16
It wasn't already a religion?!
@_date: 2013-12-12 11:53:35
They're afraid of breaking the law, simple as that.
@_date: 2013-12-12 03:04:34


This is a very big "trust", especially for someone who works in a service industry. Wage theft goes on all the time and is often never rectified.


I would imagine eventually if Bitcoin adoption increases that you would see scarcity of transaction bandwidth take it's toll in the form of increased network transaction fees. This is all nice if transactions are cheap. But if this is anywhere more than a few cents on top of a non-merge-avoiding transaction, then people will have to choose between security and payment.
@_date: 2013-12-07 13:57:00
"Lock" in the sense that you have to put money in the notarized wallet in advance of any purchases, but not too quickly that the notarization requirement ends. I.e. you need to know, "I plan to spend about X dollars today" and load your notarized wallet in and get it confirmed before heading out to do some zeroconf purchases.
Granted it's more efficient than waiting for confirmations at a normal store, but it still requires advance planning, ruling out the ability to zeroconf an impulse buy.
@_date: 2013-03-30 20:51:30
 * Mining specialization leading to a de-facto central authority in Bitcoin capable of executing &gt;50% attacks at will
 * No way to detect or reverse fraudulent transactions - if your wallet is stolen, you're fucked, whereas a normal bank can get your money back
 * Unintentional hardforks due to insufficient QA in the mainline Bitcoin client (already happened)
 * Deflationary nature of currency results in depression in the Bitcoin economy when generation becomes insignificant
 * Inability to use direct Bitcoin transactions in physical locations due to long confirmation times
 * Lack of Bitcoin acceptance outside of shipped retail goods means prices have to be pegged to local fiat currency exchange value (won't stop happening for a LONG WHILE, if ever)
I've already voiced most of these concerns in other threads but other users have typically handwaved them away.
Also, we already have new and better cryptocurrencies: Litecoin and PPcoin, both of which are designed to deal with certain flaws with the way Bitcoin was designed. The Bitcoin community is actually quite hostile to alternative cryptocurrencies because switching will wipe out their entrenched position of mined Bitcoin reserves.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:51:55
Long-term, if more people took Bitcoin, we wouldn't have to rely on exchanges in order to utilize the value in our money. Of course, long-term Bitcoin may also have other economic problems - deflationary spirals aren't necessarily good for economies.
Short-term, the exchanges have us by the balls. It's currently impossible to run a business entirely with Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:48:08
GREAT SCOTT, DON'T DOWNVOTE, IT COULD DESTROY THE WORLD