@_author: knabucrypto
@_date: 2018-10-15 10:03:33
If your BTC is sent from your address to another, the best thing you can do is to follow where they're being sent. If they're sent to a KYC'd Binance-account, they have the ability to freeze the funds without him/her cashing them out.
Other than that, there's very little you can do to get them back.
@_date: 2018-10-15 10:15:00
Quoting some witty Twitter-user: "I've never had this much fun losing money with all the MEMEs you create"
@_date: 2018-10-15 09:37:42
Well surely it'll will have a tremendous impact whether the transition to cryptocurrencies comes silently or with a boom. It's definitely no easy feat to change the whole system that fuels countrys economy, especially when located at a 1st world country.
I'm sure developing countries will adopt cryptocurrencies fairly quickly since it's the best option for them, they're not going to stick onto their old currency which in most cases are devalued to oblivion.
Things may get worse before they get better, like Mr McAfee's team said there's bunch of people currenctly building several types of hacks and scams that are targetting peoples hard wallets. If there's vulnerability found in any of the major hard-waller manufacturers, it's going to be one tough ride.
It's an uphill battle for the Bitcoin developers also trying to keep the currency functional, we all saw what happened to the network/fees/confirmation times in december. Take that amount if adoption and multiply it by several hundred thousands and go figure how is the network functioning.
If the the network doesn't function, Bitcoin has no use-case. Simply saying "store-of-value" is a use-case, which is false. Every single SoW-asset has a specific use-case outside of being SoW, if they wouldn't have that they would've never become SoW.
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:33:08
I would be highly sceptical about people trying to predict the certain amount of rise that the crypto space might see. There's very few people in the world that can dictate and accurately predict where cryptomarkets will end up at the peak of next bull run. 
Investing based on anyones guess or a hunch is not  recommended strategy.
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:22:12
It's no suprise AE is doing this. If the product you're competing against is clearly superior to you in every aspect of the way, you have to dig deep and try to find every skeleton in the closet to hamper its growth.
Certainly not the first, nor the last time we will see this. The transition will not come quietly.
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:10:27
That's true, and it will come eventually. In what form will it appear is everyones guess, but the most likely ones suggested seem to be in one way or another related to gamers and gaming in general.
Younger audiences who've used digital tokens etc. in games and gaming world already appreciate and understand the value of a certain token, it's clear to them. I can't say the same about seniors who've never even heard if digital tokens etc.
The adoption will come gradually, fiat and cryptocurrencies will work in parallel for a while, and the population will decide which form of money do they prefer to use. That's why it's detrimental that the gateway between fiat &amp; cryptos is easy-to-use and the whole experience when paying with cryptos is easy enough for novices to understand it.
@_date: 2018-10-18 12:17:13
Rome wasn't built in a day, and we're not just reinventing payments here. We're reinventing money. 
There's no need to stare at the screen and wait for it to happen, it took us \~60 years to start using cash instead of gold and the transition didn't come quietly. I'm confident the transition from today to cryptocurrencies will be alot faster because we're already familiar with money being in digital form/card payments/mobile payments etc. but it'll still take time.
It's better to build with precision and patience, the outcome will always be better.
@_date: 2018-10-11 10:13:38
And as seen today, rollercoasters are never without slopes &amp; drops.
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:51:38
Great to see some merchants actually use LN, the adoption on that one has been "iffy". But whatever the case, it's great to see that there's actually people using it and enabling individuals to do micro-transactions with cheap fees.
It's exciting to follow the progress of crypto payments systems and the adoption rate. Currently it's fairly slow and steady but there will be a day when one of the worlds major corporations will adopt BTC-payments.
That day, we shall raise our glasses as a sign of victory.
@_date: 2018-10-11 11:14:35
If this kind of thing happens in the UK, it can happen everywhere in the world. UK is a developed &amp; civilized multicultural city and if wealth seizures happen in a county like England, it's inevitable it'll spread to other countries doorsteps aswell.
@_date: 2018-10-15 10:28:24
I feel for the Venezuelans, it's horrifying to see people oppressed out of options. The last thing you should do is give in to the oppressors, and that's what they're trying to get you to do.
Things are never going to change in Venezuela if the people continue to obey the rules of the goverments and oppressors, the very best option you've got going on for you is completely decentralized form of currency like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-18 12:04:09
The key to adoption comes from education. People are not willing to jump into something that they do not understand fully, especially when there's significant amounts of money involved.
Cryptocurrencies are not very well understood even in the crypto community and misconception are occuring daily, payment systems/storing/transacting etc. should be as clear as day to everyone in the community in order to pass the teachings forward. 
Help the people to understand what they would gain, how they would benefit and how much cheaper it is to use cryptocurrencies compared to FIAT.
Understanding benefits sparks the interest, interest leads to examination and examination will lead to experimentation. This is the path to global adoption.
@_date: 2018-10-15 09:53:12
I'm sure Mr Roubini is very knowledgeable on his own field and has the diplomas to prove that, but saying a technology that he clearly does not understand "is a scam" seems very much unwise.
Predicting 87 stock market crash has very little to do with speculating whether certain asset or technology will be adopted. It's extremely hard to predict anything in a such complex world, but it's infinitely harder to predict anything when you've no understanding on how the technology works.
Him saying that he doesn't want to invest in shitcoins is totally understandable, i'm leaning more towards the thought that 99,9% of the coins today will be wiped out while the technology and field in general is gaining maturity. But you can't just state that all of crypto is bad, when the field is brand new and still trying to look for solutions.