@_author: knightfall31
@_date: 2016-11-14 18:34:46
Thanks for the reply. I will look into those. Bitpanda is another one I found that is attractive as it accepts Visa cards, but it seems their verification is a 10 min video chat where you show your passport. May look into that as well.
I get what you mean about canceling the payment after the fact. The trouble for GCX is that someone has to go first in the exchange. I have a lot of rep so it's usually not me, but if I redeem a code first (which I need to do to ensure the other party doesn't redeem it themselves as they're receiving payment) and Circle locks down while I'm sending payment it's a hassle.
@_date: 2016-11-14 16:47:45
I got into BTC a couple weeks ago for trading over at (specifically exchanging my BTC for gift cards). I was referred to Coinbase and eventually went to Circle when Coinbase locked me up for verification. Now Circle is also locking my account up so they can check on things. Despite taking every step to verify my identity and successfully verifying myself with ID/bank, it seems I am tripping up their fraud alerts with my transactions (despite not exceeding any limits) and they lock my account up even though it is completely verified. This is obviously a problem when I get a message 15 min after the fact saying my transaction is canceled when we've already exchanged gift card codes. Working through support for Coinbase/Circle has been slow at best; I'm not sure if I'll be able to resolve this to where my account doesn't get locked up every few transactions.
To my question - is there another option for me to easily buy and transfer BTC for use on GCX? I'm not really looking to keep a revolving BTC balance or use it to purchase anything else right now, I just want to agree on a trade, buy the BTC, and immediately transfer it to the seller's BTC address. I've looked into Bitstamp from the Newcomer FAQ, but it seems to have the same verification process and I don't want to just get into another Coinbase/Circle problem. Mycelium seems to be a local exchange and I'm not sure how long it would take to buy BTC there.
I understand verification is necessary, but are there any other options I can pursue? I've taken every step to verify myself with these two and am at a loss for what else to do to get this working.
Thanks.