@_author: knnltf
@_date: 2014-04-11 17:53:05
You don't want currency to be on the risk/return tradeoff for investments or people will stop spending it in order to save it. That maximizes the "store of value" aspect of currency, but annihilates the "unit of exchange" function. That's tough to do because holding currency has no counter-party risk. The only way to take it off the risk/return curve is to make its returns negative, but if holding currency results in a loss of value, you have inflation. So inflation is really a way to prevent speculative investment from being a driving force of your currency's value. Even if the returns were very low (e.g. low deflation), there's still a chance that people start investing in it for its low risk; once that happens, you can't even prevent spurts of *inflation* due to changes in preference for your money as a financial product. Unlike Bitcoin, no one's buying USD as a stand-alone investment, and that's a good thing for its use as currency.
Another issue is that the value of a dollar (or other currency) is, in part, the value of liquidity. It's not *just* that dollars buy things, and so dollars are as valuable (to you) as the most valuable thing they can buy; they also give you the ongoing option (as long as you hold them) to buy almost anything else. That option has value in its own right, and that's part of the "price" of the dollar that changes with inflation or deflation. There's no reason to think that this option value, and so the value of the dollar, cannot change over time. Maybe you could defend a currency that *usually* deflates (although I disagree), but it's much more difficult to justify one that *can't* inflate. Why can't the market "price" for liquidity decrease over any significant period of time, leading to inflation of prices in currency?
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:13:17
Almost all of the trading on monetary exchanges is, first of all, to get money in the right currency to complete a transaction and, second, to hedge risk associated with ongoing need to exchange currencies for transactions. Even people who make money off currency speculation are primarily betting on changes in those two reasons for currency exchange. There's no: "I'm really high on the dollar. Buy, buy, buy, and hold that investment for 10 years and it will be an investment like Apple or Google." By comparison, that is the only way that bitcoin can work if it retains any value. Do people buy and sell things in GOOG?


I didn't say they were *always* more valuable. One needs an explanation, though, for why people sometimes hold money. When they do, it's because money as option is better at that time for that person than money as food, rent, etc. Your point is also irrelevant to the phenomenon I was describing. Part of the value in money causes people to hold it, and the extent to which they hold it can change over time. That should cause short-run inflation (if people are holding less money), but the cap on available bitcoins prevents that from being feasible.


In *empirical reality* bitcoin is a drop in the bucket of information we have about currency. People around the world have adopted USD, GBP, EUR, etc., even with occasional resistance from their governments. The expansion of popularity of these inflationary currencies trumps any information we have from bitcoin. People in countries that use USD as defacto currency (despite official resistance) had every opportunity to adopt deflationary financial vehicles as currency. Like I said, use GOOG (or IBM or GE) as currency if you think deflation is good for currency. Your point about *divestment* also doesn't address my point. Bitcoin doesn't go up or down because of people's willingness to accept it as payment or to spend it, which is what should drive the price of a unit of exchange. It's been almost entirely speculation. People who divest aren't driving bitcoin down because they're exchanging it, as money, for goods and services. They're divesting because they're moving their money to other investments. People, even when they divest, are treating it as an alternative to GOOG, not as an alternative to USD.