@_author: knokl
@_date: 2019-07-09 08:06:33
just get in if youre not already, and keep buying the dips from there.
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:11:48
wait another 5 or 10 years and vr and self driving carss will be mainstream. Youre too impatient.
@_date: 2019-07-09 08:06:03
shouldve bought at 3k, then 5k, then 8k, then 10k, and in some months we will say should have bought at 12k and so on...
@_date: 2019-07-09 08:07:45
youre willing to wait a better buy position of 2 or 3k lower ?, but by doing so youre also risking missing out on an upside of 90%, cus thats where were gonna go if you believe what most people are saying. We could go up 100k within the next years and youre thinking about 1 or 2k price difference now. Also if you calculate how much bitcoin you get with a 3k buy on 10k or 12k prices its not that much different.
@_date: 2019-11-05 11:59:13
I disagree that it is a pipe dream, if  you want nationwide charity and a social safety net then yes you are correct it will never happen from individuals. Charity works on a small scale, local communities being charitable to their less fortunate among them. People who feel a responsibility for each other and are face to face. It has always worked like that. This motivates people to stay on good terms with their neighbors because one day they might need them. Unlike today where people are all separated because we have this illusion that we no longer need each other if times are tough. This i don't need anyone because the government will airdrop me anonymous welfare is actually creating resentment and division, furthermore the receiver of this welfare cannot give any appreciation to the persons who where forced to pay for them. For a person who gives something receiving gratitude for their charity is one of the best feelings life has to offer and it will strengthen relationships between those people. Charity only works if you feel sympathy or a connection with the individuals who need it, so local community, same tribe etc. It doesn't work in multi cultural society or politically divided societies, so yes you're right in modern day it will never happen on a nationwide scale but why should it ?. Its an unnatural situation. 
Edit: humans are designed to take care of each other otherwise we would not be here today. Everyone involved in the act of raising children is doing an act of charity in a way. Human society used to built around charity and inter dependence it worked fine before this type of government came along. This is also why community / friends / family used to and will be important again they are the best social security available not the government. If you are in a big city and living that anonymous pleasure seeking life when the economy collapses you are in for hell, but the people living in the rural communities will be more or less fine. Their lifestyle won't change too much from what it is now. They make their own food they work together with other farmers and locals that's a more natural way of social architecture. I see bitcoin as a tool to put the world closer to a more natural balance. It motivates saving not spending, bitcoin is actually a great tool to lessen over consumption and depletion of natural resources.
Forced social welfare by government is just a tool to keep people from forming communities. divide and conquer. To be dependent on the government.
@_date: 2019-11-04 12:27:50
''so i think its more productive that the money will be spent on something good'' ( the tax money ). Don't we all think that taxes would be better if the money was spent on good causes. But unfortunately it never was, is or will be. So you can forget about that nice fantasy. This is the reason why people are against taxes, not that they don't want to spread the wealth. They don't want to be forced to pay for shitty wars or corrupt politicians practices under the excuse of those politician using taxes to help sick or poor people, which clearly they mostly fail to do. People are charitable and they would help each other more if they didn't get forced to pay 50% of their income first to  ''help''. Governments will always require collecting taxes yes, because they are a parasitical entity that cannot exist without it. But the difference is how much taxes do they collect, the more taxes they collect the higher the chance it is spent on bullshit or evil causes. so ideally we want to have as low tax as possible to limit this possibility for bad spending. You also have no control over how this tax money is spent, voting is a joke. So let the people have as much of their income as possible and give them back control over how it is spent whether that be charity or not. Personally i want to chose which charities i give to, not some government that i didn't chose and that i don't respect as leaders.
@_date: 2019-06-21 10:40:40
it also is not taking into account the on ramp of big institutions thats taking place now, why do you think the price is going up like this the last months. It has been in preparation for a long time. I dont think they want the price to go up like that but its a scramble to buy up the available bitcoins and they cant help the price from going up as they are in competition with each other. Just going of the price and TA isnt wise, what about the news and developments in the industry, what about all the companies diving on crypto right now, what about new york stock exchange 22 july ?. you have to think further than just the price charts. What is happeng in the industry. So it wouldnt suprise me if we see the price going up above 10k without any drastic pull backs because bitcoin is still very undervalued and if there is demand which there certainly is from these big institutions we wont see a big pull back like TA says we should because its ''healthy'' or thats what happened before, if price goes up we always see pullback of 20-40%. I dont agree you cant rely on this kind of logics and patterns only. This is bitcoin and its unpredictable. TA is just a rough idea about what could happen. But if big money is preparing for bitcoin displacing gold and fiat then you can be sure we dont need to see a big pull back. Count in the fact that lots of money has left bitcoin in the splits to the shitcoins sv and cash and this will all come back to bitcoin eventually. Conclusion bitcoin is severely underpriced at the moment even at 10k dollar. So we dont need to see a pullback ''healthy'' correction. because the price were at now is actually unhealthy due to it being undervalued. And what would be healthy is for it to reach its more accurate value which is 10k + easily.
@_date: 2019-06-23 13:53:22
this is brilliant, went back to living with my parents. Instead of burning money on rent i put it in bitcoin. grocery money ?, i put it in bitcoin. Everything else i put in bitcoin too and keep working.