@_author: knows-nothing
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:18:24
No, what you are trying to debate here is whether it was *illegal* insider trading - which nobody ever said it was, BC being what it is.
The actual assertion wasn't that it's illegal, it was that someone with inside knowledge (an "insider") traded on material nonpublic information and suckered a few coin punters.
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:27:06


Each USD banknote is separate and distinguishable as well, due to its serial number. Nonethless they are fungible and are treated as such by all authorities. (Apart from rare exceptions when a certain bill is provably the recent proceeds of crime.)
Exactly the same applies for bitcoins. You can tumble them to anonymise, but that is not a realisation of proceeds.
@_date: 2014-02-13 23:32:05
The links you give are nice and in depth, but they do highlight the issues that are hard to solve without sophisticated intermediary:
* Privacy vs. Reputation -- reputation is essential for disintermediated credit, and hard to establish while maintaining privacy
* Physical presence -- ID theft (reputation impersonation) etc is so much harder face-to-face
* Securing collateral -- it's all nice and good to have a cryptographically signed contract that tells me that you have the right to repossess and sell a property in Timbuktu or Hainan, but as long as the debtors are still squatting in it and as long as the police ignores your pleas, your contract might as well be toilet paper. The local banker has a relationship with the cops, politicians, local community etc.
All that doesn't mean that virtual lending won't take off - it just means that the margins for it will have to be wide enough that local physical lenders will find it rather easy to compete.
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:56:24
You are proposing a technical solution to a social problem - namely, due diligence, checking of creditworthiness, repayment ability and financial/social capital.
Banks have experience, data and scale to profitably intermediate loan markets, to handle collateral and to collect recoveries on loan default. If anything will make them away, it is either P2P/P2B lending (for small loans) or low-fee bond market issuance (for large loans). But most likely, Shylock is here to stay.