@_author: knucklenecktie
@_date: 2017-06-10 14:39:02
My concern:  Centralized power must be projected from a pole, a canter.  Like a broadcast from an antenna, the projection grows weaker as it expands outward from the center.  Without [repeaters]( to regularly rebroadcast/strengthen the signal (increase energy density), the signal becomes distally weaker.
A central bank broadcasts 'money' to repeater banks.  The money, which by way of verisimilitude can be viewed as analogous to both power and control, has a higher energy density proximal to the pole, and lower distally.  That is to say: If money is control, where there's no money there's no control.
This is an oversimplification, but the idea is that if I do not rely on distributed currency for my daily functioning, I cannot be controlled financially.  I must be controlled directly, physically.
Enter digital currency.  Requires repeaters for it's very [existence](  
The distributed network of control does not lack a center when every node may be accessed by a SuperUser and caused to function as The Center so long as the SuperUser is logged in to that specific node.  When we turn your phone into a bitcoin wallet you will become a node.
A node that has it's currency radiated to it from a 'decentralized' distributed system that can be controlled remotely from any cellular NOSC.
When all currency is digital, you will not have money unless your corporal body is wed to a digital identifier.  Phone, laptop, coin mine, rf subdermal, doesn't matter, because money won't be a construct of matter, it will be a construct of [current](  
Born from the ashes of centralization.  Forged from the fire of decentralization.  The old center dies and is reborn.  The new center exists in every node connected to the network.  It can be anywhere it wants to be, moving at the speed of thought, the speed of current.  
I doubt electronic currency is the savior we believe it could be.  
I am reminded of another savior that died, and in his wake the phoenix that rose was [control](
The keys to the network are held by the crown.  
 
@_date: 2017-06-11 10:48:27
Sounds like a  solid plan to me.  Time to carry it out.