@_author: kodaxero
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:58:41
So you think that 5% dip counts as a correction?
Let me give you a helpful hint..
We're not in a correction until the sweat falling down your neck meets the sweat of your ass crack in a pool on your desk chair while your sitting up at 3am staring at a stamp chart 3 inches from your face trying to convince yourself thats its going to reverse any second now. Your hand shaking like a Parkinson's patient over an oily mouse when suddenly you feel the dire need to take a shit but you vomit in your mouth a little bit instead and before you have time to question how those two bodily functions could possibly be related we've already dropped another 20%.  You've now got a big red dildo candle showing a 60% loss in a matter of minutes staring back at you as price has dipped far below your buy in spot, all the profits you made over the past several weeks, dreams of that new car, that new house disappear in an instant and you cant imagine what possibly could have caused this. 
You default to erroneously blaming the Chinese but that doesn't quite add up so you take to twitter with panicked breath searching for anyone, anything that might have the answer as to what the F is happening.  Of course no one has any more of a clue then you do so you immediately start to internalize the struggle.  What starts as a whisper of "why didn't I just sell" turns into a rampage scream in the back of your mind, after all its so obvious that this was the top, it's so clear now looking back, of course that was the top how the hell didn't I see that 15 minutes ago?  Meanwhile we're down another 5% and you just can't take it anymore.  Tears are rushing from your eyes, something that looks like dried blood is all over your arm emanating from the spot you didn't realize you were subconsciously digging your fingernail into.  You close your eyes just for a moment but when they reopen you realize you've somehow already logged into your Coinbase account and punched in a sell order.  Thats it.  You sold.  Your devastated, but manage to breathe a small sigh of relief. Well at least i can't lose anymore you say, at least i walked away with something.  Your emotionally and physically exhausted now but you manage to drag yourself across the room, you fall flat on your bed with one final thought passing through your mind before you let the darkness overtake you..."why didn't i just sell the top?"
In the morning you wake to the realization that you slept fully clothed and at an odd enough angle that your neck is surely going to feel exactly as bad if not worse for the rest of the day.  The events of the previous night come back to you in a flurry of blurred emotions and while you almost can't bring yourself to check the price you just have to know.  How much lower did it go? After all, there is still a glimmer of a hope, you think well, perhaps it isn't all bad, perhaps I can buy back in a bit lower and make the losses back in the long term.  You begrudgingly open a chart and whatever small amount of hope that remained escapes your lungs before the sigh hits your lips.  Price has fully recovered, it's actually trading up 10% from yesterdays highs...
Thats a correction.
Twitter: 
Medium: 
Edit:  For those who didn't get the joke this is just some bitcoin satire not my life story.  It's the result of reading too much r/bitcoin and r/nosleep at the same time...
Everyone should invest based on their own risk tolerances and in accordance with their own investment goals.  Hodling is a viable strategy for those who truly believe Bitcoin is the next big thing, but a word of caution to the new comers who are just here for a quick buck.  This space can and will be more volatile then anything you've ever seen before.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:27:43
I expect it will be sub $10K by 5am tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:41:22


**all bitcoins in circulation are worth just $187 billion.**
@_date: 2018-02-21 21:39:57
One month after Japan was the location of the biggest ever cyber hack, when over $400 million worth ot NEM coins was stolen from the Tokyo-based Coincheck exchange, overnight another major technical error at a rival Japanese cryptocurrency exchange led to further questions about the safety and security of crypto investments.
As a result of a "system glitch" at the Osaka-based Zaif cryptocurrency exchange, some customers were able to claim digital tokens for $0. The Asahi Shimbun  reports that glitch - which lasted for 18 minutes from 5:40 p.m. to 5:58 p.m. on Feb. 16 - affected Zaif’s price calculation system, enabling seven customers to buy cryptocurrencies for free, with one client "purchasing" Bitcoin valued at 2.2 quadrillion yen ($20 trillion) and then attempting to cash in on it.
The glitch was rectified by 7:34 p.m. the same day, and while the exchange voided the trades after discovering the error, it was still trying to resolve the issue with one customer who tried to transfer the "deeply discounted" bitcoins from the exchange, a spokesman told Reuters.
The customer in question was quick to realize there was a glitch and immediately tried to cash out the newly "purchased" Bitcoins: this was noticed when an abnormally high quantity of the cryptocurrency appeared for sale on Zaif, and word soon spread on the Internet that around 2.2-quadrillion yen worth of Bitcoin was on sale there. Needless to say, such a sale would have been problematic as all bitcoins in circulation are worth just $187 billion.
Tech Bureau Corp., which is behind the Zaif exchange and is a registered cryptocurrency exchange operator, is now subject to a Financial Services Agency investigation into the safety of the system and other business practices.
As Reuters notes, the registered cryptocurrency exchanges will form a self-regulatory body in April; it will set out rules for security and advertising, and will set penalties for members who don’t follow the policies, the Nikkei reported.
Japan last year rolled out the world’s first system to oversee cryptocurrency exchanges, in a bid to protect customers and stamp out illegal uses of cryptocurrencies as it sought to nurture a young and promising sector.
Meanwhile, a Tech Bureau official apologized to customers for the trouble and pledged to take measures to prevent further glitches.
While it is unclear if traders have been spooked by news of the glitch, however, the entire crypto space has traded sharply lower following the first emergence of the report.
@_date: 2018-02-08 04:23:01
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:16:50


Blockchain miners calculate the hash of (block data + nonce value). They actually guess (are looking for) nonce in order to get hash staring with a defined number zeroes. (The number of required starting zeros in hash value define the difficulty of finding a nonce that fits - proof of work).
My question is do all miners guess/try nonces from the same pool or range (this way they actually non-efficiently test the same guesses many times) or they somehow split the pool of possible nonces among themselves in order not to try the same nonces multiple times?
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:59:03
sorry m8!  wasn't me... .....
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:42:25
Question about bitcoins: is mining bitcoins similar to finding prime numbers, or ACTUALLY finding prime numbers? and each block needs a ton of power to compute, do you think there exists alternative pathways to the solution that would use less computing power? Like
@_date: 2018-02-25 01:48:13
That's a bold move, Cotton... ..... !
