@_author: kode47
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:06:39
I also love how they try to [defend themselves by pulling a Tu quoque fallacy]( and saying redditors also falsely identified Sunil Tripathi as a boston bombing suspect. Obviously because the reason Sunil is dead is entirely the fault of the same redditors calling out Leah's article (even though the accusations happened in an entirely different subreddit than anyone reading the current newsweek article), and not you know, the hundreds of actual news magazines and sites that took rumors from an online forum and ran them as front page facts on a terrorist attack, including newsweek, nope they played no responsibility in that. Also I forgot how because because some redditors doxxed Sunil, it obviously means the concerns of other redditors ever after are completely moot, just like how because they're are racists and sexists (and some pretty awful ones too) on this site means the whole community is shit. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:20:34
I think that's how it played out, but the article I linked to tries to make it sound like reddit killed him. No, reddit is partially responsible for his false accusation, which leads to my other point that journalists who get paid to write facts should be held up to a higher standard of integrity than an anonymous internet forum. 
What I'm saying is they should've known better than to plaster Sunil's face on the front page of their sites after redditors said he looked like the bombing suspect. Reddit is not the police, reddit is not a reliable source on such important matters, but they acted like it was so that in case Sunil actually was the bomber they would've got the first scoop and got the glory, but if he wasn't and they falsely accused an innocent kid of a terrorist attack, well no matter lets just blame the internet forum we thought would be a reliable source of information. I think they hold a lot of responsibility for doxxing that poor kid, and they did the same thing today with Nakamoto. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:32:09
"Fuck the G-man!" has a whole different meaning now. 