@_author: koinkowboy
@_date: 2014-06-19 16:05:12
If they do launch and invite you, don't use them. They will start blacklisting coins and try and take the decentralization out of BTC. There is not question that they want to cozy up to central banks. Central banks are run by...
See here - "Bitcoin will one day be subject to global treaties and central bank interventions, predicts Jeremy Allaire, one of the virtual currencies’ biggest backers."
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:17:51
I read the 31 pages, about 10 of the pages were actual content. Not a lot there in my opinion that is based on facts or hard data. 
The part that doesn't make the most sense is the deal with the name Satoshi Nakamoto. If you were running a covert operation why would you give a hint as to the "central intelligence" in alias name of the creator? 
@_date: 2014-09-10 08:37:55
Pretty cool stuff. What kind of products will be able to be sold on the marketplace?
How much will the marketplace cost for merchants?
Is there a steep learning curve for the average user?
@_date: 2014-06-15 20:14:11
I would urge all to see this very timely video and a great explanation that Peter is probably not mentioning here in text.
Watch all this video and ~5-6 minutes in Peter speaks very candidly about the Ghash / 51% problem.
Guys...this is a bitcoin core developer and also works on other projects that ride on the bitcoin blockchain. I am sure this was not a decision he took lightly.
I am very proud of Peter. He speaks clearly about bitcoin without being clouded by mob mentality. I can guarantee Peter wants bitcoin to succeed but there are problems.
*For all the rich guys saying Peter needs the money and that was the reason he sold why don't you send him btc so he can devote more time to solving the issue.
@_date: 2014-09-29 20:23:40
After seeing the plan about the marketplace and the way Ribbit will work with merchants I am sold. I think this may be the first true crypto 2.0 project for Ecommerce.
I hope they pull it off as I an Ecommerce guy and a crypt0nutt.
Will the Ribbit team be doing any more team in the coming days/months?
@_date: 2014-07-20 18:04:02
You could try looking into "BitWasp" that may be similar to what you are looking for?
*OK I read your replies...can you not jut make image for the button and when a user click on the button a field with your public key, the amount, terms, etc. show up?
Not sure if I understand completely.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:25:24
I am no James Bond but if I were “Bond...James Bond, shaken not stirred,”
there would be some things I would avoid.
1. I would not make the creators alias (Satoshi Nakamoto) a riddle in the creators name to that leads to the C1
2. I would not make the protocol open source so now any person in the world with the knowledge can create their own currency and improve upon and take over btc one day.
Here is the points I find interesting and would like some info on, please comment.
- Can anyone explain why Gavin changed his changed his name from his birth name Gavin Bell? I would be interested to know that.
- the book mentions that when someone suggested using bitcoin to aid wikileaks donations that Satoshi? refused to deal with wikileaks? I don't get how even Satashi could refuse to deal with wikileaks? Not even sure how this is possible. since anyone can get a wallet and be anonymous if they take precautions.
- Also interesting is the use of secp256r vs. bitcoins' secp256k1.
Secp256r is the more commonly used but proven to be vulnerable to unencryption.
*In the free area of the book the Dr. Sol does not mention the actual encryption algo formats secp256r/secp256k1 which is a bit disappointing.


“I meditate and do what is known as ‘Astral Traveling’, that means in my mediations and sleep I often can view historic events in the Astral Plane. While many will scoff at such a notion, it is real and has been used by others over the ages including
Nostradamus. Today I am often referred to in the media that writes about me and my famous prophecies as “The New Nostradamus” as well as “The Modern Nostradamus”. My prophecies have appeared on the Internet since around 1995 and have been written about by many people and news organizations. So to me, remote viewing and astral traveling are real things that I have been doing for decades. I use my religious name SOLLOG in all my religious writings. I use Sol Adoni in business. My full religious name is The Honorable Doctor Rabbi Sollog Immanuel Adonai-Adoni.
Adoni, Sol. CIA PROJECT BITCOIN (Kindle Locations 488-492). Adoni Publishing. Kindle Edition.”
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:14:14










I totally agree. Everything is still a lot harder than it needs to be.
Best of luck with your project.
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:15:10
*Peter Todd* you da man.
It is so hard to get all the fanboys to listen to any negatives on bitcoin and have a logical conversation about it.
Money blurs a lot of minds.
I am glad you are speaking out and being an example.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:42:21
I am not sure if you are saying that you for sure want to learn how to code, or are pondering the idea.
If you aren't already coding and proficient at it and have a corp. job, I am sorry to say that direction probably wouldn't be the best route for you. Thing just move too quickly as you mentioned young people coding all day such as Vitalik.
But I disagree with some of the other posters that coding is the only way to contribute to btc/alt coins.
The space is wide open for consulting businesses on how to accept alts, secure them, offer training on how to do this (with the advice from a programmer that will teach you the in's and outs...but not actually coding it yourself), there is a ton of marketing, journalistic, forward thinking ideas just waiting to get picked up. For many of them you will need to have a partner that codes. Just think of it like the internet in 2008 and how far we have come, there is many successful and useful websites/info/tools that have come form people with a non programming background.
Best of luck of your future endeavors.
