@_author: kokakolako
@_date: 2013-02-23 00:22:49
I really don't know what you mean with the point that you need for an autotrade more money in another currency. An autotrade is in to my knowledge a trade at the market which is controlled over an software to better calculate the risks etc. but why do you need for this a lesser amount of bitcoin than in other currency.
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:45:07
I am empathic with your statement, I think also in that way. I have not so much trust in control organisations like the american fed or the european ezb because of the point that every people that work theire is a human and humans naturally do bad decisions. 
Also I hate it to must go to a bank to do transactions. I guess bitcoins give the people more overview and are more transparent in contrast to the complex system we have this times. You have more possibilities to prevent that a bank invest in cruel things like food-speculation or to bet via directives on everything you could (or couldnt) imagine. I think also the anonymity is a good option to escape of the states control like the possibility to give money to wikileaks. But I guess the anonymity-aspect is also a very negative aspect because of the high rate of poeple that could invest in illegal things or structures via bitcoins. But in something like reddit you can see that anonymity works and thatswhy i'm not really sure in finding a fixed position to the statement if anonymity is a good or bad thing.
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:51:39
That make sense :D It's really stupid to buy tomething like a vpn via fiat currency. I also do not understand why people du stupid thinks like buy drugs via silk road because of the point that you must get the packages and they must delivered to something that exist in reality and must be next to you. I really do not understand why platforms like silk road are so popular...
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:11:45
The use of bitcoin in casinos is for me a new aspect, thanks therefore. I guess a lot of people do this also like you described because of that fast payment process. Thatswhy a question: Do you play on "casino sites" that accept only bitcoins and are not so popular (because of the in my opinion "smaller" user circle of bitcoin users) or do popular "casino sites" accept also bitcoins? I have really no relation to the amount of people that use bitcoins in games like blackjack or online poker, is this in your opinion a big amount of people that using bitcoins to these kind of games?
@_date: 2013-02-23 15:54:30
OK that sounds logically. That is really a lot of money, the bitcoin-way is in that perspective truly the better idea. I guess the governments are searching exactly because of that aspect for a possibility to stop bitcoins and I become more and more the motivation to invest my money into bitcoins ;)