@_author: koko969w
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:57:23
You have to be flat uneducated to think it does. Inflation means increasing the total supply of money, a UBI is rerouting money differently. No inflation.
@_date: 2019-07-25 18:25:23
Good luck with that 12th century economic policy?
You are definitely not in the tech field.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:37:14
Ah, open to new information I like it. We will join the rest of the developed nations in the world and implement a value added tax (VAT) that closes the corporate tax loopholes for companies like Amazon and Google, who make billions off of us and our data, and pay zero in taxes. Their existence destroys local businesses who actually paid taxes. Amazon was shopping for states that would give them the lowest tax break. They aren't paying their fair share, but luckily there is a mechanism to stop it. The first trillion comes from that, the VAT. People cost more when they're poor, that means more government support, free programs that exist to help starving people, even jails are typically full of people who aren't rich. The cost reduction of this is huge, for the country. People who have money are happier, healthier, and less likely to commit crime.  The Dividend will also reduce the cost of welfare, because people need less assistance if they have cash. Another trillion in savings nationwide comes from these savings alone.  The last bit is a bit iffy, because it hasn't been tested in the past. In my opinion, it's the only part that might not work exactly as intended. Research shows a UBI of $1,000/mo would create between 2 and 4 million jobs, further increasing the taxes collected by the government through typical taxes as well as a VAT (for companies). Remember, this is not because we all love free money. It's because if we don't do this, we won't have any other way to acquire economic value. We trade labor for it now, but 75% of labor jobs are at risk of automation in less than 10 years. To think you can retrain a 49 y/o single mom cashier into an artificial intelligence programmer is delusional. This is the ONLY plan for combating automation I've ever seen ever. And please, spare me the "last time automation blah blah" unless you're an AI programmer yourself. These workers have no idea what kind of train is about to sides wipe them.
Thanks for the discussion, this is my bread and butter.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:56:23
The purchasing power of the dollar will remain the same, as purchasing power directly correlates with inflation.
Yang has detailed his Value Added Tax that, like every other developed nation in the world, would tax corporations in a way that's hard to avoid. Amazon would have had to pay billions with a VAT implemented last year, instead they paid $0 federal taxes. You paid more to the federal government than Amazon did. He wants to implement it at half the EU level, keeping the HQ of these companies here. This would generate 800bil+ to begin with. People with money are cheaper to take care of than poor people. A reduction in crime, untreated illnesses, and homelessness would save billions more nationwide, allowing more of the budget to be allocated towards the Dividend. Taxes on carbon emissions and other super common sense policies contribute even more.
The dividend will create between 2-4 million new jobs, of whose companies would be paying VAT, etc etc. It's 100% feasible, it will still be hard, but it's a better idea than "do nothing", and I haven't heard literally a single other idea except "$15/hr min wage" and I hope to god I don't have to explain why that's a lousy plan.
Keep in mind, in the next 10-20 years, these corporations will be using more and more automation to the point of completely cutting out human labor. If we don't have a VAT tax established by then, we won't see any of the profits of our civilization. It will be a small few rich who own the companies, and we will be fighting over the scrap, except this time around there won't be hope of overcoming the problem. There is a point of no return when it comes to this, and we are barreling straight for it.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:10:45
I'm wrong by resolution of the conversation, he doesn't have a basic understanding of inflation. But I agree, some inflation is a necessity for a nation. Giving everyone $1,000/mo. Is such a counterintuitive idea (thanks, puritan work values culture) that people's knee jerk reaction is to scream "But mah inflayshun! Reeeeee!" instead of countering with actual evidence or support of their point. The entire point is that no one knows if it will work or not, but the naysayers don't have a lot of solid arguments, from an economics point of view. From a human purpose point of view, I don't think anyone has a clue what to do after human labor isn't needed.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:16:39
UBI doesn't cause inflation, shows how little research on the subject you've done. You aren't adding any money to the money supply, just rerouting it. No inflation. Maybe other problems, but no inflation.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:22:51
Anti Yang account made today, eh?
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:20:03
I am a rude person, I apologize. It's hard not to get worked up about this, my life sucks and I've been a huge follower of UBI economic theory since early college. Now that there is a candidate pushing these ideas, it's hard not to be defensive. I work in the tech industry and people who don't have no idea what's coming. A humanoid robot isn't going to come and replace you at the sandwich shop, no. Someone will invent a vending machine sandwich maker that makes sandwiches 2x faster, cheaper, and higher quality. Then the sandwich shop you work out will close. That's how it'll happen. That's how it IS ALREADY happening. I'm scared, I'm upset, and now I want a sandwich.
Stay informed.
@_date: 2019-07-25 21:59:04
The VAT portion of the funding should net around 1 trillion dollars. The rest of the money comes from reduction of cost of services for people in poverty and homelessness. Check out his website  for more details about his plan to fund UBI.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:38:03
He's a troll account made today to smear Andrew Yang. I already reported him.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:11:57
Digital or gold backed, it's still "kept track of". Besides, the point of the argument, not this sematics game, is that UBI isn't calling for adding more money to the money supply.
@_date: 2019-07-25 20:08:20
You have a very low resolution understanding of economics it seems.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:47:39
Which industry do you work in? I bet I could point you to a technology that will make your job obsolete within a decade. If you don't fear it, you are a fool. There are two ways humans trade themselves for value. Physical labor, and cognitive labor. 90% of physical labor jobs are repetitive in nature, and 90% of cognitive jobs are repetivive in nature. AI is an artifical cognitive labor machine, except it's about 100 times faster than a human can physically think. Which means an equivalent sized neural network of a human vs an AI, the AI would come up with the same answer in 1/100th the time. Companies only give a shit about profit. Any company that says otherwise is full of it. Humans don't have anything else to contribute to the market last cognitive labor. Love labor? Learning labor? Not valued by the market.
As for taxes, we live in a society. You didn't die of measles when you were 6, or get mauled by a bear or get beheaded by barbarians. You are paying for protection, infrastructure, the very internet you're using right now. You're paying for the option to have money, you're paying for the luxury of a job. Taxes are the admittance fee for society. I used to think taxes were theft, I screamed about it in the desert while I stuck it to the government by not paying them. I was that lunatic, so I know very well how this goes. Do you like not having tear gas and militarized occupation of every corner in America? Thank your tax dollars. I hate paying taxes too. We need social cohesion, and sharing a government that we all pitch into goes a long way towards creating that societal bond. Maybe one day we won't need taxes (Fully Automated Luxury Communism), but we do today still.
@_date: 2019-07-25 21:51:31
If you dodge the VAT, it means your paying the corporate income tax, which is way more. Why do you think they can't dodge taxes as easily in EU?
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:02:06
It's a corporate tax that eliminates the current gaping wide loopholes. It's not "theft" anymore than the lunatic on the corner screaming that taxes are theft. These "dole" workers that you speak of.... Its probably gonna be you. Unless you're a teacher, a nurse, or an engineer, your job is going to be automated in less than 15 years. It blows my mind that people can be do incredibly clueless about new technology that wasn't around last industrial revolution. AI is here to stay, and anyone who doesn't fear what it will do to the market has had zero exposure to it, or is in denial. It is literally a replacement for the human mind. Last industrial revolution, blue collar - &gt; white collar. This industrial revolution, white collar - &gt;???
Humans won't be needed for their labor. Currently labor is the only way to acquire value (money). If that doesn't scare you it should.
@_date: 2019-07-25 18:11:47
Okay, since you obviously don't know jack shit about the coming automation wave, you recently discovered what "Luddite" means, and seem to forget that the VAT tax is a Dividend paid by the companies to the people I don't know how to even have a conversation with you. You didn't tell me what sector of work you are in. You didn't listen to a single thing about cognitive labor being outsourced to AI. True, as a whole, automation makes new good jobs and gets rid of old shitty jobs. But the people who get displaced are NOT the people who get the new jobs. Also, for every new job, there are 100 jobs lost. You probably won't believe that but you don't have to, look that shit up. So do you just tell the displaced 39yr old single mom to go fuck herself and die? Retraining us between 0 and 15% effective, so it's basically useless. She can go in welfare, or work at a lower paying, lower skill job until that's automated. If she can't go to school for 2+ years to retrain (75% of Americans can't pay an unexpected $500 bill, let alone tuition and rent for 24 months), she's absolutely fucked. This Dividend is a transition plan for the people getting crushed by automation. And it's happening faster and faster today than it did back then, you can't deny that. The Tax is for luxury goods only. It will affect people buying yatchs and cars, not toilet paper and bananas. It is going directly opposite than what you said. Rich people are paying more for the same good than a poor person is. It's subsidy.
Also, look at how many people work at Amazon. If we lived 20 years ago and there had to be an infrastructure in place that performed the exact same function Amazon does, it would need 20x the employees and resources to operate. But the shit still costs the same (adjusted for inflation). That means automation is better and cheaper than humans. When you tax Amazon, you are taxing the software they use, the robot warehouses and delivery vehicles they have, the AI that can fire people without a human's approval first. You aren't taxing the guy peeing in a bottle cause he's afraid to go on break. If you're not gonna tell me your work sector or your economic education history, it's gonna be really hard to take anything you say seriously.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:12:34
Awww, it's not helpful. Instead of being a condescending asshole, tell me why I'm wrong. I'd love to know if you can.
@_date: 2019-07-25 21:53:48
You use money to acquire wealth. So yes, they are different but one is necessary for the other. We literally define wealth with dollarydoos. You sir, are a troll or hopeless, I can't tell which and I don't really care to try.
@_date: 2019-07-25 16:20:39
The problem isn't the technology, the problem is our current definition of "Value" and what it means. Right now it's limited to economic value that a corporation deems valuable. This has to change. GDP will be doing great, but at the cost of millions working 2+ shitty jobs just to survive. What about mothers? Caretakers? Volunteers? Is their work valued at 0? Currently, economically, it is. Reroute the money through UBI and reward the unrecognized work that billions of people do every day thanklessly.
@_date: 2019-07-25 17:20:53
Andrew Yang doesn't have a Super PAC.
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:49:21
Go on, asteroids? Dope. 