@_author: komadib
@_date: 2017-08-06 16:32:14
If, despite what you tell yourself, you would sell, if you have watched the value of your holdings drop by $25k, and can see no reason why it won't just go ahead and drop another $25k... then, maybe you're overinvested. If you can watch the value drop, and you're down $3k, and if it drops like this again, you'll lose another $3k, but you're OK with that, then, good.
Personally, I wasn't OK with the idea of losing another $25k, and it cost me $25k recently, and on paper, more than that since (if I'd simply held, I would be much better off, but June/July was rough on me).
As a result, currently holding 3 - holding 30+ was too much for me.
Besides, there's 11 million millionnaires in the US, enough for 2 BTC per millionnaire to afford.
I would love to be holding more, but I value my sanity too much!
@_date: 2017-08-05 18:39:22
I understand why you don't feel comfortable.
Many people, may simply want a super super easy way to dump their BCH, and they see it as free money.
To them, the security risk may be acceptable - I suppose I'm saying, you can give people the choice. There are a number of options including installing nodejs and using your tool, yet many people might not get around to dumping their BCH, despite wanting to do so.
For example, I have about $50 in CoPay on my phone, and haven't bothered to dump the associated BCH.
The reason I mentioned that you could charge, is that you would need to set up a web server, and write code, and if you were charging some small fee, it might make it possible for you to find the time. I'd happily pay a small amount to sell BCH I'm otherwise too lazy to go through the steps required to sell.
On a similar note, a tool to assist in claiming Stellar Lumens would also be fantastic, and, giveaways generally actually - many go unclaimed simply because the time that would need to be spent, is too much versus the present day dollar value of what is being offered.
@_date: 2017-08-06 09:27:28
I use a Microsoft Sculpt, brilliant piece of kit. Comes with a separate keypad. I hear NewEgg accept Bitcoin, we should give them some love :).
@_date: 2017-08-05 10:31:14
Thanks for making this, I don't have any use for it myself (went cashless soon as I was given the option). I know it would be a security concern, but I think if it would be possible, you could use the underlying code with a HTML frontend and charge a small fee.
As long as people have already moved their BTC to another wallet before using it, and observe any other security precautions you want to recommend... I think you would get some customers.