@_author: konaearth
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:53:17
I disagree that bitcoin was designed for the good of humanity.  You can't know that without knowing the designer's motives.  It's possible that Satoshi just wanted a way to sell illegal goods such as drugs or child porn.  While bitcoin certainly has the potential to do good, it also has the potential to do harm.
I agree that bitcoin seems to attract an abundance of criminals, hackers, anarchists and conspiracy theorists.  That's too bad because their presence makes it less enticing  for honest people to get involved.


Can you give me some specific examples?  Maybe describe that the last three things you used bitcoin for that you couldn't do with USD.  As a merchant considering bitcoin, I'm looking for examples that don't include buying drugs, avoiding taxes, protecting your privacy or helping to free humanity from tyranny.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:16:16


It doesn't matter if it has been coded before.  I don't want only one solution to a problem, I want lots of solutions so I can choose which one works best for me.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:47:59
What gives gold value?  Because other people want it.  What give a dollar value?  Because a powerful government backs it (called a fiat currency) and it is very established so you can use it to purchase things that have value to you.
What determines the value of bitcoin?  For some, the promise of a currency that isn't controlled by Big Brother is enough to create value.  For others it's potential future demand that creates value.  Some like the ability to purchase drugs with very little government oversight.
You'll have to decide for yourself whether or not bitcoin is valuable.  More importantly, you'll have to decide if tomorrow's value will be enough to justify today's value.  That's a difficult decision to make and not something you should do with money you might need.
Want my unsolicited financial advise?  Use your extra money to dollar cost average into a no load mutual fund.  It's not sexy but historically it's  the best investment you can make.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:16:22
While the operation of the network as a whole is indeed important, what I care about is my little piece of it.  I don't care about Bank of America as a whole so much as I care about my individual account.  From that perspective, Bitcoin is neither more nor less secure than USD or any other currency.
The original statement in this thread was "You can't hack bitcoin."  That's like saying "You can't hack the Internet."  They're both open source and they're both publicly available.  While it is technically true that you can't hack the Internet, I suspect that most people feel strongly that the Internet can indeed be hacked.
Plus, never say never because nobody can predict the future.  Who knows, maybe some day someone will discover how to easily factor large numbers.
