@_author: konradcurze
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:05:28
No, government intervention is exactly the opposite of the free market.
@_date: 2014-11-17 20:33:13
Yes, making profits by providing value to consumers...it's win/win.
@_date: 2014-07-21 05:39:51
Damn it, thank you for pointing that out. I really need to re-read what I type.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:28:54
Actually, fuck this. You clearly don't read or acknowledge most of what I post so it's worthless talking to you. Your agenda is retarded and you do nothing to advance the cause of liberty. You're just a waste of time and the movement will go on ahead without you.
I can't believe I stayed awake to talk to you. What a fucking waste of time this has been.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:45:28
Nihilistic, childish and pointless. Grow up and quit wasting my time.
You like links? Here's one: 
Lurk and learn something there. Or just continue telling me I'm supporting violence and that I'm a battered wife...geez, give me a break already. What are you, like 19 years old?
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:45:01
While I entirely agree that we should not continue to fund the sociopaths, I don't believe that my actions alone will bring about any significant change. Neither force of arms, nor a few individuals avoiding taxation, is enough and it will only end with me killed by a cop or spending the rest of my life in a cage.
So, yes, fear is a large part of it. But it's a legitimate fear for my life, which I only have one of and don't feel like wasting. Besides, there are other long-term strategies for ending government, and I feel those are more likely to succeed and to be embraced by society at large, over time. 
Because, let's be honest here, most people believe government is a good thing, and will punish "tax cheats" and defend government against anarchy, which they think is chaos. If I don't pay my taxes, it doesn't teach them anything. It just makes me another victim of the state.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:10:39
*  You keep bringing up other matters in an attempt to justify paying endless amounts of money to people who abuse you
They are not "other matters". They are important matters that explain why I am, in fact, justified in paying taxes. My life is important to me. The lives of my family members are important to me. I'm sorry if that bothers you.
You don't offer any practical solutions to the problem of political authority. I'm more pragmatic than that. I would actually like to solve the problem. I would like to stop the violence of the state entirely. I can't do this from a prison cell.
* Authority is granted through consent, and thus consent is the only way to remove it.
Whose consent? Is revoking one person's consent enough to end the state? What about two people? Or ten? Or a hundred? How many people's consent do we need to revoke the state's authority? Clearly there is some magic number, right? Well, I'm one person. I can revoke what you might consider my implied consent (though I would beg to differ) by not paying taxes. Great. That's one person. The state is still there tomorrow, though. As I said, I am far more pragmatic than that.
And to flesh out this point, I do not consent to the state's authority. I don't believe they have legitimate or moral authority. They have physical superiority, however, both in terms of manpower and firearms. Not just the police or the army, but even my neighbors who all, for the most part, support government, even if they disagree with some of what it does.
The task is convincing them that the state is simply a monopoly on the use of force. When enough of your neighbors revoke their consent, then maybe you'll have something useful. This is part of what the Free State Project is about.
But simply telling me that I support violence because I pay taxes is asinine. I pay taxes because I don't support violence *directed at myself or my family.* And I'm tired of defending myself to you, when you offer no practical solutions but some idealistic "let's all revoke our consent" nonsense that will be ignored by 99.9% of people.
And since you continue to evade my questions, I have to assume that you also financially support the state through income taxes, that you pay sales taxes on the food and other items that you consume, that you paid your registration fees on your vehicle, and that you are not now sitting in a prison cell as a result of a tax protest on your part.
Being an idealogue is pointless. Yes, taxation is theft and tax dollars support violence. We get it. I got it way before I ever spoke to you. That doesn't mean I'm going to throw my life away for nothing. I'll actually work to eradicate the state. You can continue doing ... whatever it is that you are doing. Which seems to be next to nothing.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:21:34
* While financing it...?
Barely. The pittance I pay relative to the billions of dollars in tax receipts and the trillions brought into existence by the Fed's printing press makes what I pay in taxes so close to zero that it is insignificant. Why do you not understand this?
* Have you ever witnessed a domestic abuse relationship? The same exact situation occurs between the state and citizen.
Maybe it does to some people. Who cares? What does this have to do with me? Did I say I accepted the state? That I loved the state even though it beat me? No, obviously not.
* The abused thinks that the violence was his or her fault.
Nope, doesn't apply.
* The abused has an inability to place the responsibility for the violence elsewhere.
Nope, doesn't apply. I am not responsible for abuse committed by a leviathan that I am obviously too weak to fight.
* The abused fears for her/his life, and/or, the lives of loved ones whom the abuser might or has threatened to harm (e.g., children-in-common, close relatives or friends).
Does apply, but this is a rational fear. The "abuser" isn't one person. It's millions of people with tanks and bombs.
* The abused has an irrational belief that the abuser is omnipresent and omniscient.
In terms of the state, this is almost a rational belief.
"Battered person syndrome" does not really apply here though, because there is no illusion here. Do you not see that?
But clearly you want to push your own agenda and don't really care about liberty, so I'm going to stop wasting my time with you. I'm actually upset that I wasted my time talking to you.
@_date: 2014-01-14 07:21:39
where is that login feature located in Bitfinex?
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:27:11
* Yet you still make reasons to stay...
Stay where? Where the FUCK would I go where there isn't a state? Antarctica?
* My agenda is between consenting to violence and not consenting to it.
Ok, find a place where there isn't a government that wants a share of your assets that's actually a hospitable place to live. Good luck.
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:28:19
Not paying taxes, even though taxation is clearly theft, means heavy fines and being visited by men in blue costumes with guns who will put you in a cage. All for protecting your own wealth from confiscation.
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:17:20
Your English is very good for being a food truck. Just kind of wondering how you typed this?
@_date: 2014-12-17 14:11:58
There is actually tons of work in this field by PHD-level economists, like Ludwig von Mises, Murray Rothbard, Henry Hazlitt, Milton and David Friedman, and others. 
Oh well. There are probably other people more receptive to the ideas of liberty, so I will talk to them instead.
@_date: 2014-11-18 07:05:23
No government has legitimate authority over anything they weren't explicitly given authority over. Without a gun pointed at my head at all times, I wouldn't even acknowledge the government's existence.
@_date: 2014-10-28 01:37:44
* You state its not about fear
No, I did not state that it's not about fear. What I did say was this:
"So, yes, fear is a large part of it. But it's a legitimate fear for my life"
* This is why nothing changes
No, that is not why nothing changes. Nothing changes because most people accept the government narrative taught to them in school and through media that government is necessary for civilized society to exist. It's not like everyone is a secret anarchist who's too afraid to fight back. It's that there are too few anarchists to accomplish anything significant without being considered the enemy.
* because the fearful refuse to do whats necessary for change
You think what's necessary involves physically fighting back against the state, I imagine. Try it and see how far it gets you. Violent revolutions usually fail, and those that succeed more often than not get co-opted by new sociopaths and turned into new tyrannies. If you stay in the movement long enough, you'll grow out of this belief.
*  and the truth is you must change yourself
I have changed myself. I support cryptography and crypto-currency, black markets, spreading the word about anarcho-capitalism and voluntarism to others, sea-steading, the Free State Project, and Austrian Economics.
*  Either you support violen[ce] or you do not,
Negative. I simply recognize that fighting on the government's terms accomplishes exactly nothing but your own death.
* its not abstract at all, in fact its more real than any kind of excuse one can think up.
They aren't excuses. They are actual reasons. Good ones too, I might add. I'm not willing to risk my life to fight government. My life is more important to me and I hope to outlive government, not die defending my freedom. I, for one, do not believe in life after death, so my life is much more precious to me than you might believe yours is to you.
And you still have not answered my questions. Please answer them in your response to this post.
@_date: 2014-10-28 01:09:52
You're speaking abstractly while I'm speaking quite literally.
It's not the fear that I "might" go to prison. Unless I flee the country, and even possibly then, at some point I will be arrested and kept in jail for several years. Before that happens, my wages will be garnished for what I owe, and if I continue to not pay taxes, I will lose my job. Then I will not be able to get another job because I won't be able to pass a background check. I will of course not be able to afford all the fines, either, and so I will be arrested and thrown in a cage. This is a near certainty.
You're basically telling me that with my short time on earth, I absolutely need to live in poverty in order to not fund the government. I will not do that. It will not advance the cause of liberty. It will just ruin my life.
Let me turn this around. Do you have a job? Do you pay your taxes? Or do you have such a low income that you make money on tax day? I don't. Furthermore, do you ever go to the store? Do you pay sales tax? Do you own a car? Did you pay to get it registered? Did you pay vehicle sales tax (or ad valorem or whatever they call it in your state)? Ever gotten a traffic ticket? Did you pay that?
The points I'm trying to make, though I would like to hear your honest answers to those questions, are that (a) it is not ideologically inconsistent to pay taxes and be an anarchist when the state can bring to bear a disproportionately greater force than you can, (b) that it does nearly nothing to reduce the size of the state simply by not paying taxes, (c) that it is nearly impossible to live one's life without the state confiscating some portion of your wealth, and (d) it does not advance the cause of liberty and voluntarism to go to jail for your principles.
Just take a look at Irwin Schiff. You know, if you've ever heard of him. Most people haven't, though many Bitcoiners might be the exception.
edit: fixed a word and added a point that I forgot in the second to last paragraph
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:39:31
Well, that's your opinion. If you would like to learn more about the subject, I suggest a visit to Might give you a different perspective on the matter.
@_date: 2014-10-29 01:51:38
I disagree. I'd rather be alive than not alive. I'd rather have a chance at freedom than no chance at all.
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:12:54
No worries. Maybe they'll add it in the future
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:05:15
Whatever, dude. Use violence against the state, which has a monopoly on violence and will certainly win, and kill you.
I'll take the long view instead and work on destroying government in other ways.
Besides, violent revolutions nearly always fail. And when they succeed, they more often than not get co-opted by new sociopaths and the government gets worse than it was even before the revolutions. See Egypt
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:39:31
* Because there will always be people who abuse whatever power they have. Without a check on that power, it will cease to be a free market.
What power? Government is that power. Without government, some people will undoubtedly still be rich, but they become rich by meeting consumer demands, not by using police and military to enforce compliance and maintain a tax system.
* A perfectly free market relies on people being just as uniformly good as a perfectly communistic society does, and is thus just as unrealistic.
It doesn't rely on that at all. It doesn't rely on anything, actually. I'm not sure where you're getting this idea from.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:19:37
Why do you say that? How is it impossible for people to exchange goods and services without government telling us how to exchange goods and services?
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:30:23
Communists define capitalism differently than "the free and voluntary exchange of goods and services".
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:17:13
The naivete is on your end, unfortunately. People attain wealth by providing value to others. If they take advantage of that, people will stop buying from them. Aside from rights enforcement agencies and private courts in a free society, there would be basic economic mechanisms that would prevent what you're describing.
And in fact, what you're describing is what happens now. We have several large corporations that contribute a lot of money to political campaigns so that politicians will pass favorable legislation and policies. It's really so widespread that I'm surprised you can't see it. Government doesn't stop any of these things.
Sure, in its "ideal" role, it would prevent these things. But we don't live in an ideal world and we never will.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:47:02
It's a good assumption to make. Why else are most people homeless? I don't see a lot of healthy people on the street because they just couldn't find a job. Where I live, there are a lot of homeless, and 9/10 are obvious drug addicts. Some of them do have mental problems though, but I wonder how many of them had those problems prior to their drug use...
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:34:39
No, it's not coins that they are trying to label as clean or dirty. It's addresses.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:54:48
* The best part? It can all be handled by NGOs so no need for big brother government to attempt to attempt to get involved and then just screw things up even more.
I have no moral issue with anything done voluntarily and not through tax dollars, though I don't know how well the clubhouse model would work for addicts and the homeless. No reason not to try though.
It's seems far better to have a well-funded, long-term program to help these people than just throwing them a bone and sending them back out to the street the next day.
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:11:36
You bore me. You insult without making an actual argument. You waste my time.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:14:40
While this is probably a bubble and will burst, it is only a matter of time before the U.S. dollar collapses. Part of the money going into Bitcoin now is in recognition of that fact. Hating on libertarians who only want more freedom and less government in our lives is pretty silly, especially since they are better versed in economics than most folk.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:09:14
If you're paying taxes on bitcoin, then you're doing it wrong.
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:20:18
Uh, what? I never tried to insult you (which is what an ad hominem attack is, attacking the person rather than the argument). What are you even talking about?
* One of the main points of anarchism is the presence of stateless societies.
Yes, "anarchists" make this claim. I believe most of those so-called "anarchists" are really just statists by a different name. They have no respect for private property or for anyone who does not want to share their property with the "commune" or whatever, and they feel justified in using force to take your property and not let others work for you without being part-owners or something.
* If you believe that, "Governments are just monopolies on the use of force and violence against others" you might need to lay off the hallucinogens.
*That* is ad hominem, as it does not refute my argument or address it in any way. Did you mean you like my attempted use of setting up a strawman argument by asking you if you opposed freedom?
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:52:17
No, thanks. I'm not a communist/statist pretending to be against government.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:52:08
* No I'm not forcing my opinion but yes I do like enforcing laws. 
This is an oxymoron. Laws are enforced upon people without their consent. I'm sure anyone who has been arrested for having a dime bag of marijuana in their car did not consent to being arrested.
* If you want to go somewhere without government or a weak government feel free.
No. I don't want to leave *my* home because some group of people won't stop forcing their silly need for government on me.
* I do not. I love that communities and governments exist.
Then how about those of you that love governments and consent to all the laws and regulations find a place where you can live the way you want? That way those of us who disagree with even a single thing that your government does don't have to be subjected to your way of life that we never chose. By the way, communities would obviously exist without governments. Communities are just groups of people too...
* Though I hate most implementations... I do recognize their value.
If they have value to you, then that's fine. Forcing them on other people who don't recognize that value is immoral.
* I think its better to improve them than throw them out completely.
If governments could be made better, then they would already be better and they would not need to rule by force. If we were all truly better off having government, no one would want to live without one. 
You keep saying "I think, I believe"...but you don't realize these are your opinions only and not necessarily true for anyone else. And yet I am still subjected to the consequences of opinions just like yours every day. It's really a shame that I can't live free because you don't believe it will be good for me, as if you knew what's best for me. You don't even know me.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:17:25
* P.S. Hate it or love it, remember to pay the tax-man. We'll gain infinitely more if the Gov't sees us as a new source of tax revenue than law-breaking competition.
We gain nothing by doing that except helping fund the tyrannical regime in the White House. We will gain more by avoiding taxation entirely and letting the U.S. government default on its debt and collapse utterly. I care more about freedom than giving money to the largest criminal organization in the country.
@_date: 2013-10-30 13:44:18
I just bought my first Bitcoin using these instructions. I was hesitating to do so because I couldn't figure out how to do it. There's so many posts about wallets and blockchains and all this other stuff and I was getting really confused. Thank you for making it simple for me, also, even though I'm not the OP.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:40:22
* You're right, we should just let them starve
No, we should let them stay hungry. When they are truly in a life or death situation, it will be the motivation that they need to change. If they don't have the motivation to give up their addiction, even when it means that they will die, then no amount of your fake help will do them any good. They will be back in the same situation in a week or a month and you will have wasted your money instead of someone who could actually use it.
p.s. be an adult instead of hiding behind your keyboard telling people to fuck off. I bet if we were talking face to face, you wouldn't treat me that way.
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:19:53
I wonder what the actual percentages are, actually. If there are that many homeless mentally ill people, then you'd think mental illness would be a more important problem to address than homelessness. If you could alleviate or make the consequences of mental illness less, they would be less likely to be homeless. It just seems more like a public health problem in that case than an economic one.
But I see it more often characterized as an issue of poverty and not one of mental illness, so I have reason to doubt that anywhere near the largest subset of the homeless are mentally ill and not just drug addicts and alcoholics.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:29:54
The law is immoral and should be disobeyed.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:44:34
* If Bitcoin is stolen, or private keys are lost, the standard rules of deducting casualty losses apply.  Taxpayers must be aware of the accounting required to figure out the appropriate gains in the case of partial sales and lots bought and sold on multiple dates.
Uh, yeah, tax man, I had all my BTC in a brain wallet and then oops--totally forgot the passphrase.
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:12:25
Bad Guy Senator Jerry Moran: Feels he and his ilk have the right to make decisions about other people's lives.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:34:50
I think it would just make it worse. If they are uncomfortable, living on the street, and they can't get any lower, maybe they'll realize that their addiction is killing them and decide to change on their own.
If you help them and make them comfortable, they'll still be addicts and they won't have any reason to change, because they are basically being helped to stay addicted.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:13:01
No, all we need to do is ignore the government and their regulations. I care nothing for Congressmen. They're criminals. I won't help criminals by submitting Bitcoin to their rules.
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:07:47
Is this the bubble popping?
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:08:21
* You know what hunger leads to? Crime, not self reflection.
It could also lead to that, sure. That's their choice though. I'm sure they have had ample time to reflect on their situation before ending up at the bottom. I think it's pretty sobering to realize that you can't even feed yourself because your drugs are worth more to you than your food.
* What people fighting addition need is counselling and a support structure 
Yeah, and not a warm sandwich and an "attaboy".
* No amount of shaming and depravation is going to make them feel like all of a sudden their life has meaning and is worth fighting for.
It's not shaming and deprivation. It's bringing them to the edge of survival and having them make the choice to live or to die. If you keep giving them handouts, they will never make that choice. They will just keeping drinking and doing drugs until they are in jail or dead. A long-term program to help these people is far better than random meals from strangers.
* If we were face to face I would either walk away in disgust or publicly shame you for making such an ignorant and soulless comment.
It's not ignorant at all. It's just pragmatic. It's a waste of resources to give money and food to these people because you're just subsidizing their addictions. What's ignorant is believing that you giving them a fucking sandwich is going to turn their life around. But everyone just wants to feel better about themselves and thinks these little donations are actually helpful to the homeless, when in fact, you're just enabling them further. Why else do parents kick their loser kids out of the house? To force them to make something of themselves.
Does it work every time? No. Some people can't be helped. But you can't make their choices for them. I learned that a long time ago.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:42:03
* a lot of homeless are mentally ill, in many cases self medicating with drugs.
that's a different situation then. I just meant those who were drug addicts. I don't think the majority of them are the mentally ill.
* come on man, lighten up. It's christmas.
I'm unable to lighten up, no matter what fake holiday the rabble are celebrating this week.
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:52:32
You're assuming that he bought bitcoins and didn't just have cash in his account. It looks to me like he deposited $1000 by money order but only $667.11 was credit to his CampBX account.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:27:11
Helping drug addicts and alcoholics to eat only exacerbates their problems. Now the small amount of money they do somehow acquire through begging or stealing will go to buying drugs rather than buying food.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:40:28
"Render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's" can still be valid. It's just that Caesar owns nothing and is owed nothing. Caesar is a thief of other people's wealth. Render him nothing and you still are rendering unto Caesar what is Caesar's.
Not that it makes any sense to take advice from the Bible anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:55:20
*  you would still owe taxes on your income (and gains).
I wouldn't say I "owe" it. I would say that the government would expect me to pay it, yes. But Bitcoin makes it easier to get around having to pay those taxes, which means impoverishing government and which will hopefully lead to its dissolution.
* If you want to take advantage of BTC being anonymous to avoid paying your taxes, go ahead and take that chance, but you're still guilty of a crime.
This is my intention, yes.
* Count your profits when you sell them to spend. That's legal.
I'm not trying to do things the legal way. I'm trying to get the government to cease to exist.
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:09:28
I was talking about drug addicts, not the mentally ill. I don't believe that  a majority of the homeless are mentally ill.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:19:20
"necessity of paying taxes" = "forced at gunpoint to give up some of your income to pay for government services that were never asked for or needed"
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:13:25
Seriously. Bitcoin is a tool to get away from these assholes, and this subreddit is just kneeling before them.
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:07:34
You said you begged to differ when I said I wasn't a commie/statist. Which means you thought I believed that government should exist. Which I obviously don't, and which you have just admitted.
Governments failing is a good thing. Governments are just monopolies on the use of force and violence against others. Or do you oppose freedom?
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:03:35
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:22:30
Why don't you provide more details? I am having a similar problem with CampBX at the moment.
The problem I am having, and it may turn out not to be a problem at all, is that I sent $10,000 to CampBX which came out of my checking account on December 11th. There's supposed to be a three-business day hold on funds deposited by check and after that, they should be credited to the account. Three business days would mean that I should have seen those funds on Tuesday, December 17th (coincidentally, when the price of Bitcoin crashed down to like the 400s) but as of now (6:54pm on December 19th) still no funds.
I asked CampBX about it and they said "We are getting returns on checks, therefore, we are waiting on checks clearance from bank, you should be very close, thanks !" I'm not sure how that applies to my situation, however. The check has already been deducted from my account, which I assume (perhaps wrongly) means that it has been cleared from my bank, and they've had the funds for more than three business days.
Now that I write that, it could mean they are waiting for their own bank to cash my check. This did not occur to me. Damn it.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:23:54
You have the right to disagree, but you certainly don't have the right to force that opinion on others, which is what people who believe in government do to those of us who don't want to have government forced upon us.
Whether you think it is a better system or not is entirely irrelevant.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:57:15
* What's awesome is people like you generally get to find out.
People like me? You don't even know me. However, I'm not very likely to be homeless any time soon. Unlike most people, I have more than $20 in my savings account (substantially more).
* Shoot me a line in a few years when you know.
In a few years, I'll probably be at my $500,000 mark. But I'll definitely let you know how it's working out.
p.s.: I grew up poor. I actually did work to get where I am and didn't become a drug addict. I know that's a hard thing for most Americans these days. You know, an honest living without lobbying the government to provide higher wages, free health care, and food stamps.
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:03:15
* Yes but we all have a say in the laws. You want something changed go try to do it.
No, the majority gets to decide what the minority is allowed to do. We do not have a "say". I do not want a "say" in what the government will force on others. I want to be left alone to pursue happiness in my own way. If I want something changed in my own life, I change my life. If I want something changed in someone else's own life, they better consent to it first, otherwise I'm intervening where I'm not wanted.
* That is your choice. You can stay here in the democracy or not. I don't care. But if you love your home so much... 
You confuse my home with my government. Just because I like the place I live, doesn't mean I like the government that pretends to be in charge of it. Besides, why should I be forced to sell my home and uproot my family just because some asshole in a suit says I can't live the way I want?
* I agree with this example but that is the price we pay for all the benefits.
What benefits? Providing billions in foreign aid to dictators? Murdering foreigners for their oil? Having the cops kill my dogs and taser me, then lock me in a cage because they suspect I might be manufacturing substances that they don't like? High unemployment rates? A constantly inflating currency? Taxes on nearly everything I do, making my income count for less and less? Destroying the health care system? Tell me again about all the benefits that government provides to us.
* Well a democracy is what made it that. If you don't like it then you have to try to change it or move.
Oddly enough, we were all born into this "democracy", so none of us actually chose it. I never claimed to support democracy anyway. Democracy is just tyranny by the majority. Instead of one dictator, we have millions of dictators voting for laws and lobbying the government to enrich some people by robbing others. It's immoral. Democracy is evil. (And no, I'm not saying any other form of government would be better.)
* They get better all the time, but they also have lots of problems. USA in particular.
This is better? What USA are you living in? Things are much worse now than they were even twenty years ago.
* But I am nor forcing you to have the same opinion.
No, you're just forcing your government on me regardless of my right to live my life as I see fit.
* You can have any opinion you want and you can try to change the laws. But you still should abide by them.
Not all laws are just. I don't want to try to change laws. I want a polycentric legal system where private courts compete to provide the most honest and just verdicts. I want different communities to be able to choose what laws work best for them. What I don't want is the rich to own the system so that they can literally get away with murder and theft on the scales of millions or billions of dollars while us poor schmucks get decades in jail for relatively minor and often non-violent offenses.
* Its not a perfect form of government but it's the best that has been found.
There is no "good" government because government is simply a monopoly on the use of force. It is *morally wrong* to initiate force against others. But this is how the government persists.
* Anarchy has had poor results so that's why I am against it.
You've never seen anarchy, and I doubt you know what it means.
* Feel free to try to change it. But just because you don't like something doesn't give you a moral or legal right to not listen to it.
I will change it. And yes, I have not only the moral right, but the moral *obligation* to ignore it. Because I fight that which is unjust and immoral. I fight that which is *evil*. And government is most certainly evil, despite the "benefits" that they provide in order to make themselves seem legitimate and beneficent.
* Go somewhere else otherwise you have inherited the flaws of our forbearers and there's bad and good.
It's not an inheritance. I'd liken it more to a genetic disease. It's something I was born with that I am working to get rid of.
@_date: 2013-11-20 02:00:35
Yeah, you see, you're thinking rationally, while I'm just angry all the time that government even exists. :p
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:47:42
Haha, no. I have the same concerns as OP, except I already told my wife. No, his wife will probably tell him to cash out and then the price will skyrocket, and then she'll *still* blame him for listening to her because he should have known better.
No, OP needs to keep this to himself.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:23:53
What do you mean by that?
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:16:39
Who even cares what these douches say? People will use it the way they see fit, despite the recommendations of old men.
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:24:06
I care little about how I come off. I already know how this ends.
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:25:09
Thank you.
@_date: 2013-11-04 14:46:55
I don't need them as supplied by the government. I would love them supplied by private entities, so that I only have to pay for what I actually use and not have money extracted for me for services I never wanted (like national defense and the police).
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:39:21
"wary", not weary. Weary means tired. Wary means cautious.
Sorry, pet peeve. You still got an upvote from me.
@_date: 2013-11-18 08:11:23
@_date: 2013-11-05 23:15:01
I found a typo, if you're able to correct it. It's in "The Blockchain.info Theft" paragraph:
* This user’s phone, however, was roooted. 
See? Three o's in rooted.
Oh, found a second one.
* do not download or run applications from untrusted sources; the Web of Trust addon for Firefox Chrome is a highly recommanded tool
@_date: 2013-12-20 00:15:51
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:43:35
* However, there is no rational thought process behind thinking the government only exists to war monger and promote violence
I didn't say that that was their only function. I mean that it is how they exist. They use force to extract tax money from the rest of us, and then use that money to do as they see fit. Some of those things benefit people, some of them harm people. Regardless of what the government does with that money, however, they extract it from everyone without our consent. 
Moreover, they are the only group that is allowed to commit acts of violence and get away with them scot-free. Examples being wars on foreign countries, imprisoning people when they are no longer an immediate danger to others, seizing people's property through eminent domain and multiple forms of taxation, etc.
* Unless you are talking about very specific countries other than what I assumed we were talking about, your views are extremely radical.
I don't think they're radical. I think people just don't realize that they have this built-in double standard when it comes to government. For example, if I pointed a gun in your face and demanded all your money, you would call that theft. However, when you fail to pay your income taxes, eventually the police will come to your door and try to arrest you. When you resist, they will pull guns on you. I see no difference between either me or the cops putting a gun in your face.
* The notion that you think governments sole purpose is to gain power through violence
I never said this. I said that the government had a monopoly on force. I never said anything about power acquisition, though given how much the U.S. government has grown since its inception, we can safely say that government has increased in power a great deal. Especially since 9/11.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:33:58
I don't want the government to take it seriously. Everyone else, sure. The whole point of a decentralized currency is so that the government cannot control it. If the government starts imposing regulations and taxes on it, then the government starts to get some control over it.
Besides, I want to see the government go bankrupt, and one good way to do that is to use a currency that they cannot tax and make money off of.
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:14:24
* Especially the ones on the street. They don't prioritize staying alive above getting their next fix. All money they get goes towards their addiction of choice. All of it. Every cent. And if they starve or dehydrate in the process, so be it. Life sucks anyway.
So by feeding them, you're helping them to stay alive long enough to get their next fix? Is that help?
* And that is tragic, because under all of those problems of addiction are humans. Beautiful people that are trapped by a vicious cycle that they can't figure a way out of. Because it is very, very, difficult.
Beautiful people? I think you may be romanticizing them just a bit. Of course, what I was saying was that giving them an extra meal or two does nothing to help them. Providing a long-term solution for them might, but subsidizing their addictions by throwing them a sandwich is just plain wrong.
* But do you know when it is impossible to pick yourself out of the hole you've dug? When you are dead in the street.
Well, like you said, they're all humans. They have the ability to choose. Some people choose to live fast and die young. Not everyone can live the same way you want them to live. People find happiness in different ways. Some people are happy being drug addicts.
* We feed everyone. We have no requirements.
I don't really know anything about Sean's Outpost, to be honest. All I read was that you bought a guy a warm meal. I explained already that you're just helping them to get their next fix by doing so. Of course, if you saved all that money and were able to provide long-term care for just one of those people, you would probably get more aggregate happiness than giving 1000 meals to 1000 homeless people.
* We would do the same for you.
I hope not.
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:24:29
No, I was speaking in general.
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:10:36
I don't even know where you get that, but it just sounds like a stupid stereotype you made up in your head. Regardless, it's obviously a waste of time talking to you so I'll just stop now.
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:24:39
Lentils are very healthy for you.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:37:56
* What? I am not forcing the opinion on anyone.
You and everyone else on the planet who believes that government has a right to exist is most definitely forcing it on those who don't. Or else I could just stop paying taxes and ignore unjust laws and not have to worry.
* But yes a country had the right to enforce laws whether or not individuals agree.
A "country" is really just a group of people. And you are one of those people. So, yes, you are literally forcing your opinion on us. 
I don't believe governments have the right to enforce laws. They existed before I was born, so I never consented to their rule, and they do far more harm than good. The "good" that they do, i.e. the public services they provide, can be provided more efficiently and less expensively by the free market. And the best part, is that I can *choose* which services I want. Those services are not forced upon me by the free market.