@_author: konradgraf
@_date: 2014-02-07 12:27:27
Peter's voice stood out from the crowd on forums when I first started researching Bitcoin and monetary theory ("wait...who is this guy who keeps showing up to this party and actually talking sense?"), so I went and read his thesis right away. It is a rarity to combine both technical and economic knowledge in the right ways to contribute to bringing increased clarity to this area.
@_date: 2015-11-10 23:13:09
Konrad here. This looks like the first reader review, thanks. Please consider posting on Amazon.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:04:04
Thanks for linking. It is kind of fun to see this word starting to be taken up in use more and more, because I am pretty sure this is where the term originated (in the first version of the article, that is). I couldn't find any previous uses at the time. I think it is something entirely new and no other existing term quite fits the concept. Other original monetizations out of choice processes happened over long and gradual pre-modern processes. State-monies were established through measures such as forced conversion exchange rates with previous monies. This is the first one that is happening from scratch, globally, and at internet speeds.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:06:07
The great thing, and the big difference, is that it is completely voluntary and decentralized. No one is forced to participate in a single, politically timed conversion process. This alone enables a continuous and contextualized adjustment processes at the margin, each party making their way as best they can. The difference is that now people actually have a real alternative to their local depreciating government monopoly money.
@_date: 2013-10-24 09:35:00
The whole discussion of future transaction fee strategies was interesting:
"Today, transaction fees are hard-coded into the Bitcoin-Qt/bitcoind wallet software, and the rules surrounding those fees are a collection of heuristics that evolved over the last four years. In short, the current fee-handling code is a complicated mess that will stop working as soon as transaction volume doubles a couple of more times.
"In theory, it should be simple: transaction fees should to be set by a give-and-take between the people creating transactions (who want to pay as little as possible) and the people validating and storing the transactions (miners, who would like to be rewarded with higher fees)..." [and more]
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:57:52
Lifeboatz: Thanks. On the second point, fortunately there were a few other things in Part II I wanted to update too, so I was able to get rid of this in the updated version! _After_ noticing it, it cannot be unnoticed :)