@_author: koolkoala8
@_date: 2015-12-09 10:24:42
is this guy for real ? look at his education. How many degrees does he have ? i count like a dozen of master's degrees, plus 2 phd lol. How many hours does a day have in his own world ?
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:44:46
That is why I believe bitcoins will go nowhere. IMO, bitcoins will remain a marginal thing. If it grew massively in popularity and adoption, it would be made illegal. Governments will seize the currencies like the US did with that guy who ran that shady marketplace.
Banks do work on cryptocurrencies. The cryptocurrency(ies) that will be officially adopted will be so because banks have a way to control it(them). Eventually banks will enable cryptocurrencies, because they are a way to better control the population, and reduce costs for banks. I think Satoshi is a bank/central bank. These guys made bitcoins to live test cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2015-12-09 10:09:21
I don't understand. The guy was arrested because he is thought to be the founder of bitcoin ? What's wrong with that ? 
How was it a crime ? Many ecommerce websites are accepting bitcoins nowadays, and many banks are working on crypto currencies.
@_date: 2015-12-12 20:40:05
well, yeah kinda depressing. Yet, if you think the banks would give a chance for such a truly decentralized currency that would allow everyone to bypass banks, you haven't understood how the system works.
I'm not saying a decentralized currency such as bitcoins is not a great thing, i'm saying it's illusory to think it can be adopted widely and "authorized".
@_date: 2016-03-10 14:50:07




So, their aim is to encourage people/businesses/councils/etc to take more debts. 
Do all these debts still mean anything ? US external debts are of $19T. The EU external debts are even higher. Is there a point when some creditors say : "I want my money back!" ? Or do these debts keep piling up forever like they are only numbers on an excel worksheet and are meaningless and money is free ?
@_date: 2015-07-24 14:26:15
I dont think BNP or other banks trade bitcoins. Yes they are studying bitcoins and cryptocurrencies in general with the goal of making a cash less society a reality. Banks dream!
With bitcoins you can bypass banks, no way banks are going to use bitcoins or give bitcoins a chance, even when they want to buy drug from mexican cartels (cf hsbc's scandal).
The next widely adopted crypto currency will be one which involves banks, where banks take fees on transactions, which have to be stored on banks accounts.
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:17:12
That is not only America. That's also how it works in Europe and anywhere in the world. 
And that is why governments around the world have to tell their citizens every year that they have to cut on public expenses, while they are raising taxes at the same time. It's non sense. All those public debts are not meant to be ever paid off.
 I always tell myself that is the reason why there has never been so much wealth stored in tax havens. The very wealthy understood long time ago that most tax paid does not go to fund better hospitals and better schools for our children but to enrich the guy who collects all this interest on money. Those very wealthy probably know also who exactly collects that money.
@_date: 2015-09-16 12:34:37
what is the point of crypto currencies if they are controlled by the banks ? isn't the whole point of crypto currencies about building a decentralized monetary system, free of forex fees and stuff ? i'd rather stick to cash transactions then
@_date: 2015-11-08 13:31:35
My theory is that that Satoshi story is BS. Bitcoin was made by the system (central banks probably) as a test for a world currency. That's the ultimate goal. 
Anyone who think that a bunch of hackers can create an anonymous currency that would put bankers out of job is out of his mind and has not realized the power the banks have. And if that ever happened, that new currency would be made illegal, and the currency would be seized, as a large amount of bitcoins was by the us gov after they took down that marketplace.
If there really was one guy named Satoshi, and if the authorities wanted to identify him, he would have been found already. The guy who made that online shady marketplace was found. If I'm not mistaken, it is because at some point, he made a (human) mistake. Everyone does. Satoshi would have made one too, and anyhow, with or without mistake, authorities or hackers or whoever would have found him by now.
If you want anonymity, stick to cash, or barter.