@_author: koolaidman412
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:47:19


I'm guessing you are referring to traditional Buy and Hold strategies in investing. Which, you are right, are fine and smart plays when thoroughly flushed out. But I did not refer to a buy and hold strategy. I referred to "HODL" mentality, and "HODL" mentality is not a buy and hold strategy. Because "the moon" is not a defined selling point. Buy and Hold strategies, as used in investing, have defined parameters. While the "HODL" mentality has no target price point, it has no hedge against losses, No dividends to pay you for your risk, or any defined sell points that would be associated with a traditional buy and hold.
I believe in bitcoin, but the reality is smart investing exists for a reason. I invested a  chunk of my savings in college, and said "this is going to 0, or I am selling when it hits $x,xxx." We hit it, and I sold this year.  It's been hard to stomach the past month, with the price all over the news, in addition to several friends bringing up Bitcoin. But I hit my target price point, and I sold. Because that was the plan. Do I wish I had saved coins, yes. But I made out, and it put me miles ahead financially for my age range. Anyone who has multiple coins right now representing the majority of their assets is a fool for not hedging in some way. Anyone who has made 20X on their money is a fool if they have not sold at least their initial investment of post taxed money.  There is no argument against it.  People are going to kill themselves if there is a bubble (this has literally happened in the past already), and that's not something to fuck around with. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:12:37
It's been a rollercoaster. I'm someone with a casual investing background, who got in relatively early. Ultimately, the wild swings and speculation got to me earlier this year. But the money became too real for long term stability in my life. I have some serious regrets about getting out when I did, but it all became way too real. I believe in blockchain technology, not necessarily bitcoin itself. So I couldn't hodl, like a true believer would. 
Most people who will comment didn't make real 'rich' person money, or I'd call it 'fuck you' money. With multiple sports cars and multi-million dollar houses. Those people are in the extreme minority, and anyone who will talk about making that level of money from BTC, you probably have already heard about them. 
Majority here who 'got in early' are probably in the 2013-2015 range, and really only made stability money. The money to have complete financial security for the rest of your life. Debt free, and you don't have to worry about big unexpected expenses. like your car breaking down, Pet getting sick, losing your smartphone. Those events will still suck, but won't be backbreaking, or anxiety inducing the way they would be for most everyone else. 
Putting 10k in bitcoin 4 years ago is a lot more than many believers could manage investing at the time. And anyone that did put that much in, it doesn't even get you up to $1million today. Yes this return is absurd, but it is still a vast minority, and is nowhere near enough money to be considered 'rich'. With that in mind 1-2 million dollars is nowhere near enough for a Millennial to retire on the spot and live luxuriously for the rest of your life. 
Edit1: unless they live as a bachelor with no kids for the rest of their life, and minimal traveling/expenses. 
Bitcoin for most people who have been here for a few years and got in for a few coins or more will eliminate major debt, and wipe out a lot of financial burdens that the average person in society has. Call that rich if you want, but the real issue is that people consider that rich, when that should just be 'normal'.  
edit2: Some examples for reference, theres a buzzfeed kid of a kid who got in for 400 coins in early 2012. Cost him $1000, and he has ~$5 million now. That's absurd return, but he had $1000 lying around and bought super early. Then to top it off he held most of them this whole time, and dodged getting screwed by MtGox. You hear some astronomical figures, of millionaires investing $10million, and it is now Hundreds of millions, but those people were already Super rich, and only invested a small portion of their net worth to begin with. 
Any casual player who got in early and made $1million off BTC is far from Rich. If that same person is buying Rolexes and a Tesla Model S, then they are a complete fool. To me that is one of my fears of what BTC will become in a few years. Something similar to a lottery, where people came into wealth too quickly, and mismanage that wealth losing it just as fast. People who win big in the lottery do it all the time, and I fear BTC for many will be no different. 
This has been too long of a rant. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:22:19
Slaver, as it is used in the definition of dribble, is referring to saliva running from ones mouth. Which is the second definition of the word, the first one being dealing in slaves. 
Drivel, the word you are trying to correct me with, is literally used as a definition for 'dribble' in the way I used it. I said what I meant, and I meant what I said. 
In the english language, words can have multiple meanings. If you are confused by someone's word usage, check for other usages/meanings of the word, instead of just assuming they are wrong... Unless the word has a clear and undeniable understanding of what the word means. Like Dumbass, and Shut up. Or stop, and trying. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:57:46


Blockchain is not attached to bitcoin. Blockchain tech is the innovation. BTC is just something showing off what Blockchain technology is. Right now, if you are arguing BTC got Blockchain right, that owudl be like someone arguing Blackberry got the smartphone right in 2005. Dominant force at the time, but you would have been naive to think it was the smartphone of the future. 
I am not saying BTC will follow Blackberries trajectory. I am arguing that you do not know what the future holds for BTC, because BTC is not the innovation. Blockchain is. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:08:50
I agree. The price graph, and charts in general are a carbon copy of the spike in 2013. I wasn't around for the spike to $32 and the crash then, but the information I have gotten about it, looks exactly the same. 
I worry this one might cripple it though. With the scope of it's current coverage, and how many people are irresponsibly leveraged into BTC right now, my FUD is off the charts. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:59:02
Comparing two things, object A and object B. And saying object B is better because it doesn’t have this huge disadvantage that object A has, is without question a biased argument. 
How you managed to drag bubbles into whether or not their argument was biased is beyond me... you’re arguing something that is unrelated in this situation. The merits of what a bubble is, has nothing to do with whether they made a biased point. 
The argument they made only considers the disadvantages of real estate investing, without actually considering what disadvantages Bitcoin might have. Nothing you can say can change the fact that their argument is inherently biased.
They pointed out the negatives of one thing, and say this other thing is unquestionably better, because it doesn’t have those same drawbacks. 
That’s like trying to make an argument that  “the ku klux klan is unquestionably better than nazis, because the KKK never targeted the Jewish community.” 
In an unbiased argument you can not acknowledge the bad of one thing, but not the bad of the other, 


You’re stupid. I get it. We’re talking about real estate loans enabling people to buy houses. And credit cards enable people to buy Bitcoin. They are similar vehicles. You bring up beanie babies, funny thing is, thousands of people defaulted on credit cards after the beanie baby bubble... your argument for something being different is just wrong. People literally killed themselves because their beanie babies collection suddenly became worthless. 
GL on your journey to not being a fucking dumbass. I hope you can make it. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:07:53
Wow... TIL, Nigga is a joke only associated with Chappelle and Wu tang. And if you are not a fan of either of them, you are a waste of space. So literally more than 99% of the world is a waste of space. And calling someone Nigga is always a joke no matter what. 
Got it bud. Your perspective is why you will be forever broke, and forever dumb. 
Edit: Not to mention you failed to even notice me returning your 'Joke' Multiple times... So does that mean you are a waste of space for not spotting my jokes? or stupid because you can't read well enough to actually see that I had done that? What we have here is a real mystery... You know what isn't a mystery? the value of your advice. which is 0. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:18:34
If you give someone advice to buy something, and they lose thousands of dollars, you will either Feel like shit, or are a complete narcissist. 
People have literally committed suicide over Bitcoin bubbles. The drop from $32 to $2 in 2011 (you weren't in it then baby crypto boy, and I wasn't either), but people publicly committed suicide over that. Not 1 person, but many occurances of this took place. 
Say you believe in something, say diversification is smart investing strategies. But telling someone to buy something on a whim (which is what you did with IOTA) is the epitome of being an idiot. You said nothing about what it was, or what value it added. You said, 


That has no tangible value to it. Nothing but your opinion, and offers no perspective on why IOTA is good or beneficial. Call me a bully, but those are the facts, that is what you did, and what you said. I don't appreciate being called a Nigga, regardless of it being tied to two things I don't care about. But that's just another thing about you to reflect on. Inside jokes made about serious things, are not going to go well FOR YOU, if it turns out I am not in on them. PEople around you more than likely hate oyur inside jokes. And if they don't, than you are sorrounded by like-minded people and I feel bad for you. 
You don't have to respect me, but respect yourself, and the advice you give. You don't want to be a fool, and right now you are being one.
Edit: Of course oyu are right, I have encountered tons of people who fucking hate me. I have tons of friends who love me more than anything. I have been a best man 4 times to date. Surround yourself with the people that build you up, and add to your life. Stop giving out fucking awful whimsical advice. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:56:03
You can’t actually measure your wealth in BtC right now. You literally have to bring USD into the equation. You can hardly buy anything with BtC, so you have nothing to measure it with. 
How much does a tank of gas cost? A house? A car? You can’t answer any of these metrics in BtC without bringing a fiat currency into the equation. Today, Bitcoin wealth does not exist, unless you sell your bitcoins. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:22:25
You called me "Nigga" and touted a tiny amount of profit, without showing any sort of value with IOTA... Then called a CryptoCurrency a 'Bond'... In addition to openly acknowledging you discovered IOTA within the past 2 days. 
Literally your endorsement alone, convinced me to not give IOTA the light of day. I'll take my gains on bitcoin, and put it into my portfolio, which is more than likely better diversified than yours will ever hope to be. 
Edit: It seems amazingly convenient that someone who first invested in Crypto a month ago, to have the "inside scoop" on a currency that did nothing for months, and only spiked 300% within the past 5 days. Amazing that you are suddenly an expert on this amazing new tech, and are advising people to buy it now. 
From someone who wrote a 6 page financial analysis of bitcoin 3 years ago and sent it to 20+ friends and family. Here's a pro tip for you, make your advice worth more than a dogecoin blindly shooting for the moon, Nigga. 
 Oh, and IOTA is already worth less than your average buy of $3.80, which is probably generous rounding on your part already. So, Nigga, know what youa re talking about before touting people spend money on it. You got in a month ago on Crypto, you literally don't know what youa re talking about yet. Crawl before you can run bud. Make sure you have actually learned, before you try to teach. 
edit2: Fuck, you probably don't even know what Dogecoin is, baby crypto boy.
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:27:52
2 k is probably the bottom we could ever hit right now. But that's a maximum chaos number, and is pretty unrealistic. A correction is in the future for sure, what % and when, no one really knows. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:23:04


In the most bias way possible... Not mentioning that you couldn't buy a house with a credit card is awfully convenient. Everyone who got a housing loan for a house they couldn't afford, more than likely has multiple credit cards with spending limits they can't afford. You can buy bitcoin with those. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:00:08
Public ledger, public information. One of the great innovations of blockchain technology. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:06:08
Not that hard to decipher what was being said. Use your intuition next time bud, assuming you have it. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:13:17
Dribble (verb) used without an object
to fall or flow in drops or small quantities; trickle.
to drivel; slaver.
Sports. to advance a ball or puck by bouncing it or giving it a series of short kicks or pushes.
At least check if you are going to try and correct someone. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:13:49
You came to the wrong subreddit for unbiased advice on buying bitcoin. At this point, Everyone here has made money in some degree from it. 
My advice, if you can tolerate risk, and want odds better than what the house offers, Buy. If you are young, No kids, and have a retirement fund, 401k, steady job, or any respectable savings, Buy. Sink 10%, 10k, or some amount you could live with vanishing. If you lose, long term that money will not be very relevant. Bitcoin does have game changing tech in it's foundation. How that technology will change the game is still unknown. 
Reality is, This is an investment, and should be treated like it. Don't be stupid, and don't invest money you don't have. 
Edit: Made money, unless they are one of the tragic few who lost their coins through some of the tragic events over the years. MtGox, Hacks, Lost harddrives. RIP. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:10:18
Yep. And anyone who made stupid 'fuck you' amounts of money. Isn't going to sit back and do nothing. Because they enjoy working, that's how they got enough money to dump into bitcoin in the first place.
Too many here just want to get rich quick, and that is what scares me about bubble potential. It's why I got out entirely. That, and the wild swings were greatly impacting my mood, which ultimately felt unhealthy. To go from sad, to pumped, and wake up sad again... Couldn't take it anymore. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:44:21
These HODL posts, which are much more abundant, are even sillier. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:04:35
Yeah, and thats what I am trying to highlight. $1million is a ton of money to majority of people. But that amount does not mean you can retire on the spot.  As a millenial if you do not still focus on building a stable career, a stable life style, that money will not make huge impacts at all. It's a great foundation to build on. But if you do not work to create anythign on top of that foundation, you will end up with very little. 
Buy a nice car, a house, and travel a ton. Then by the time you are 50, you will still be in a $60k salaried job, and be living a worse lifestyle than if you take the time now to put your head to the grindstone and achieve something more sustainable. 
HODL hurts me to see so spouted off here so much. Because purely HODLing has never been a smart strategy in the history of time. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:44:42
This is the graph you need:
Compares trade volumes to Bitcoin price. Accurately shows the concerns I am feeling. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:29:07
Gambling is accepting/taking on risk. Investment is calculated risk, they are not so different.
Most people are not calculating the risk of bitcoin, they are jumping on the train because they are seeing all of these people 'winning the lottery' with BTC and want to 'get rich quick too'. If you are not actually calculating risk, then you are gambling. Everyone posting comments like you posted “Either moon or bust”, “Nobody knows”, “Flip a coin” etc. 
Those people are gambling. 


BTC market is comparable to many things. Like other cryptocurrencies for example. You can make comparisons all day long, some will be accurate, others wont. 
You need to understand that your 'overly' educated, 'in-depth' post, is the exact thing that you are whining about. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:24:08
Top post from yesterday: 
Enough people are shouting all or nothing it's unnerving. Also HODL, stems from an all or nothing, I don't know what I am doing, but I believe in BTC mentality. 
HODL is not a fruitful mentality. As it currently stands, you aren't buying fruit with BTC. You have to sell it for $$$ in order to do that one. 


Lost hard drives/passwords.
scammers, or hackers. Sending them somewhere by accident. Plenty of people have lost BTC. People literally post about it multiple times a day on this sub alone. 
HODL is stemmed from stupidity. The guy literally ranted about not knowing what he was doing in the original HODLING post.  At this point BTC is very real, and can change peoples lives for better or for worse. You shouldn't be stupid when it comes to that, and too many people are being stupid about BTC right now. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:40:05
No clue what IOTA is... But my first google result is "Is IOTA the new Bitcoin?"
Headlines like that is what makes me uneasy about all of the crypto stuff, even though I think the tech has a very relevant place in our society moving forward. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:27:30


Yes, but that is Blockchain Tech. Bitcoin itself absolutely has a corporate environment to it. It's why there was a split within the company, creating Bitcoin, Bitcoin Gold, and BitCash. They were fundamental disagreements within the group of people monitoring and Managing Bitcoin's operation. 
Blockchain Tech is what is fundamentally different. Blockchain Tech is the open source format, with ideaology behind it to make the financial system healthy. Bitcoin is just a representation of that Tech, and isn't part of it's fundamentals. 
All the positive's you are speaking of are referring to Blockchain Technology. Not Bitcoin. And that is a distinction worth making. Bitcoin is a vehicle to introduce Blockchain. But Blockchain can exist without BTC. And more than likely, it will. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:18:43
I am going to be referencing [graph1]( and [graph2](
Graph 1 is not showing us the total value of the transactions occurring (Total value of Transactions = # of BTC's transferred * BTC price). Graph 1 is showing the number of transactions that have occurred each day. Number of transactions referring to someone asking to 'Move xBTC's from this wallet, to this wallet.' The value of that transaction is not taken into account.  
Graph 2 is showing BTC price in USD, and the bar graph below it is showing the value of 24hr trade volume (24 hr trade volume = # of BTC's traded in 24 hrs * the Price of BTC in USD). Notably these graphs mirror each other, and is to be expected. Even if the number of BTC changing hands stays constant each day, if the value goes up, the 24hr trade volume will reflect that. 
So the key point here, is graph 1 shows the number of transactions steadily increasing. Meaning the number of BTC's exchanging hands is increasing, but at a relatively even pace.  But BTC's price, and daily trade volume are going up exponentially. A significantly larger number of BTC's are not changing hands, but the value of those BTC's is exploding. This, in my eyes, is not healthy. 
What I consider to be a key indicator, is on graph 1, early this year. We see the Number of Transactions occurring start to diverge from BTC price. With the rate at which transaction volume is increasing being notably faster than the rate at which BTC's price is increasing. 
From what I have seen, every time this event has occurred in the past it signals the price of BTC will correct upwards to reflect this increase in demand. It happened in 2011, and again in 2013. However, what we also saw in 2011 and 2013, is the rate at which BTC's price increased greatly surpassed the rate that transaction volume increased. Ultimately the price corrected and fall back to more accurately reflect the total transaction volume. I didn't take the time to see if the moving averages over a longer period reflects the increase in transaction volume, but that would be something worth looking into. 
Ultimately, BTC is very different from historical investing models. But my basic econ/financial analysis skills are saying to me there will be a correction. BTC went viral for a week in 2013, and this exact same thing happened. The overall trend of the Technology will be upwards, but a contraction is inevitable in my eyes. 
Another indicator of something being out of place from historical movements, is the past 4 days 24 hr trade volume (the value of all BTC traded in a day) has flatlined, despite the value of BTC increasing significantly over the same period. This likely has something to do with futures being introduced, either causing this directly, or indirectly through increasing investor confidence. But, it's something different, and of note. 
The price could continue to climb from it's current point, depending on how viral BTC continues to go. But the infrastructure just isn't there to truly reflect this price. The number of BTC's changing hands is not going up, and can honestly only go up so fast given the limitations on the infrastructure surrounding it. I consider this a negative thing. But there is an alternate perspective, saying that since there is a choke on transaction volume, the price of BTC is being held back. and that the lightning network, will increase daily transaction volume, which will allow the price of BTC to continue on this upward trajectory. 
Each of theses  perspectives has merit, and which will come to fruition no one can truly know with 100% certainty. To me, since more BTC's are not being moved around, that sets a point at which BTC has to stop skyrocketing. The practical applications of BTC itself are just not there yet, and there is too much uncertainty about the role it will play in the future. 
The amount of money and talent being invested into the infrastructure surrounding Blockchain technology is a bright sign for the future of Blockchain tech. But BTC doesn't necessarily have to be a part of that. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:35:42
They also moved 50 other coins to a different wallet in the same transaction. 
those 50 coins were then sent out in increments of 10 to 5 other wallets. Each of those 10 coins were then sent through 2-3 more wallets, skimming off ~1-20mBTC each time to different wallets, and now those ~10 coin amounts are in these 5 wallets:
The small 1-20mBTC amounts that were skimmed off seem to go directly to 1 different wallet each time, and have not been moved after the first transfer. None of the skimmed amounts seem to be consolidated to any particular wallet. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:49:47
Then pretend it doesn't exist. Instead of actively following the price, and reading this subreddit for what is happening. Grow your life. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:04:50
That change happened because Ripple went up... Not Bcash going down. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:20:22
What is different here is you couldn't buy a house on a credit card. More people have credit cards with spending limits they can't afford, then there were Housing loans that people couldn't afford. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:30:24
For anyone where a car is a necessity for living, there is an extent to which car = safety. A reliable car, Good economy, will last a long time, no unexpected breakdowns, and great crash ratings. Anything past that is comfort. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:51:05
That's a basic strategic investment strategy. The issue here is so few investing in Bitcoin are investing, and the hive mind of "HODL" really is a terrible strategy for investing. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:10:09
That's the thing bud. I only join in the conversation to either directly ask questions, or to give information on things I know. Not to speculate or to develop my ideas. Because quite frankly, odds are you are a dumbass. Why would I waste my time developing my thoughts and ideas, with someone who is statistically a shithead? It would be a waste of my time. I have a network, I have mentors, I have colleagues, Family, friends, old professors. I have an endless list of people who I know for a fact are not dumb, and I know for a fact what expertise they have and in what areas. Those are the people I will develop my ideas with.
I am not going to develop my ideas with a shithead who wants to get rich of cryptocurrencies. Someone who has been thinking about Crypto for a month, and is already telling people what to buy. telling me to buy IOTA, with no justification for why I should be doing it. You might as well scream at the top of your lungs that you are fucking clueless. 
Respect your advice, make it worth something. That's how you will succeed. You won't get the money and network I have by telling people to buy IOTA at the height of Crypto's hype. Then doubling down on IOTA's worth after someone calls your bullshit, without actually giving any reason for why it is valuable? You area joke. The fact, even now, you can't see past your short sightedness. Because you can't look past someone pumping their chest. Fact is I know more then you about crypto. You even said it, you have no fucking clue what youa re talking about. But you want to learn. To succeed, you're going to have to deal with people you don't like, you are going to have to grit your teeth and smile. Learn to do it sooner, rather then later. Otherwise you are just going to a broke fool, with no one who loves you. 
Oh, and so glad to see that IOTA investment is workign out for you. What's that, you are down 10% and not making out well at all? shucks man, I was really rooting for you. Put it all on black next time sport. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:34:59
BTC is not irrelevant to me. I am better off than all of my peers, financially, thanks to bitcoin.


Yes, but the scope of the things you can buy with BTC, is a fraction in comparison to USD. Literally everything I listed you can not purchase without a comparison to USD occurring. Every single site that takes bitcoin, literally has the conversion from BTC to it's cost in USD on the same page. If you actually think your buying power, Right NOW, with BTC is the same as USD than you are delusional.  


Your sarcastic statement, is literally true. If you are in north korea, your American bank account is meaningless, how much wealth you have in USD is meaningless. But outside NK, there are for the most part exchanges in every other country that will take USD.  
HODL is for idiots. It is literally derived from someone saying they have no clue what they are doing, and no clue what they are talking about. But despite that, they are HODLING. That's the freaking meme. Know your memes, and educate yourself. HODL is for idiots. Seperate yourself by actually thinking about it, instead of adopting the hive mind as your own. 
Edit: 5 minutes in your comment history shows youa re uneducated on Crypto, and are a HODLing idiot. Spouting off conflicting views every other comment. Saying Nonsense, Immediately following up your nonsense with "that's my point"... You are asking good questions, but immediately dismissing the answers with "Hogwash" "Hodl" and "nonsense". Because you are delusional. You have no clue what you are talking about. Cheers mate. Blocking you so I don't have to deal with your dribble. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:53:01
Now make a chart showing the current usage ofThese original technologies. Cell phones, digital Camera's, MP3 Players, Tablets, have fallen out of popularity, or been superseded by something else. Cell phones as they were adopted on this graph, are not in use today. Digital camera's, MP3 players, same story. Tablet purchases have cratered in the past 2 years. All of those industries, have had billion dollar companies disappear. Nokia was a cell phone giant, greatly contributing to that adoption curve, but is nonexistent today. Consumer camera's are obsolete thanks to the camera in your smartphone. MP3 players, same thing. They all certainly were adopted quickly, but they did not stay there.
This graph highlights to me a key point. Blockchain protocol is the technology. BTC was the first introduction of it. But saying BTC got it right the first time, is like saying Blackberry got the smartphone right the first time. Where is blackberry today? in the trash. 
There is no guarantee BTC is the future of Blockchain technology, and that is why the potential for this being a bubble is very very real. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:32:11
It did make it's way back up. I am not a true believer unfortunately, hodl to me is super dumb. If you truly believe there is a negative correction coming you should sell. If you don't you are just blowing steam. 
My money is where my mouth is, which is currently fiat. Though I didn't expect this madness of the past month and got out too early. Can't complain though, jst trying to put some different advice into this subreddit to try and override the stupid "all or nothing" and "hodl" mentalities that are dominating the conversation. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:47:37
 It seems amazingly convenient that someone who first invested in Crypto a month ago, to have the "inside scoop" on a currency that did nothing for months, and only spiked 300% within the past 5 days. Amazing that you are suddenly an expert on this amazing new tech, and are advising people to buy it now. 
From someone who wrote a 6 page financial analysis of bitcoin 3 years ago and sent it to 20+ friends and family. Here's a pro tip for you, make your advice worth more than a dogecoin blindly shooting for the moon, Nigga. 
Oh, and IOTA is already worth less than your average buy of $3.80, which is probably generous rounding on your part already. So, Nigga, know what youa re talking about before touting people spend money on it. You got in a month ago on Crypto, you literally don't know what youa re talking about yet. Crawl before you can run bud. Make sure you have learned, before you try to teach. 
edit: Fuck, you probably don't even know what Dogecoin is, baby crypto boy. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:01:03


It's tiny, when youa re literally posting and complaining about 30% transaction fees.  It's tiny when that 25% 'profit' literally doesn't exist anymore bud. $3.77 and dropping. You discovered this 2 days ago, and are touting for people to buy it. You got into crypto a month ago, and are acting like an expert already. 


You're argument is literally "this is everywhere"... That was your argument for why it is practical. This might come as a shock to you, but that is not an argument. That is a statement. You have no fucking clue what you are talking about, pls stop before you make someone lose a lot of money. And contribute to giving Crypotcurrencies a bad name. 


With an average buy price of $480... Super triggered. Super debt free. GL gambling. Because that is literally what you are doing right now with your attitude, and your approach. 


I guess you missed the part where I mentioned the 6 page financial analysis I did on Bitcoin for Family and friends 3 years ago after the 2013 1k bubble. I am beginning to wonder if you can read here. Pls seek help. 
Edit: $3.74... So about that 25% profit, with 30% transaction fees? with your Buy price of $3.80 looks to me like you just dumbass'ed your way out of a paycheck. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:58:22
People committed suicide with the crash from $32. This will be no different if this is a bubble. Money is not something to fuck around with, if you have made a bit of money and are not hedging in some way you are a fool. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:44:30
Hive mind and hype are the drivers of this insane jump. the growth to 10K got BTC plastered all over news outlets, and pushed it into the public eye. The amount of eyes that have seen BTC the past few weeks is unprecedented in it's lifetime. The amount of eyes who are seeing people getting rich from bitcoin is equally so. 
Almost 10% of all bitcoins exchanged hands today. Literally 10% of the total market cap of Bitcoin was moved around in the past 24 hrs. Whether or not this signals a bubble, I do not have the credentials to say. But as someone who has invested in stocks, bitcoin, and commodities that amount of trade velocity feels a little unnerving. 
I am a believer, but there is a bit of a bitcoin Frenzy going on right now. Whether that frenzy is permanent and explosive growth, or a bubble about to pop no one knows. But my stomach couldn't handle it anymore, we hit my target Price point, and I cashed out. 
there are people on both sides of that coin. Frantically buying, and frantically selling, but history of BTC and my gut says we are in for a huge monetary correction as we have seen in the past. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:43:25
Look at it as validation of your ideas. You identified it, and you still made a huge gain on it. 
This could have gone any direction. you could have lost it all some where from being hacked, or in MtGox. Legislation could have kicked in attempting to nuke it causing you to lose everything. Making it this far from $35 is a rare thing. 
I bought in about when you got out, and Held until a few months ago. You have to be kidding yourself if I told you it didn't bother me that I didn't hold for a few more months. Then having a bunch of friends and family ask me about it again over thanksgiving, was hard. It's going to happen again over the Christmas holidays. It's all hard. But you still won. Even if you didn't hit the lottery. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:35:50
This is super misleading, and the information your posted is taken completely out of context. 
Your site is the epitome of misinformation and the design of it doesn't help your case at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:45:06
'Weak hand' is your perspective on it. An 'all or nothing' mentality is much dumber than someone expressing their concerns. The people griping over it dipping to 13k probably bought a coin in the 5-10k range. They feel amazing about it, but fear a bubble, because they aren't a hodler or a BTC believer. They got in on the hype. 
Money is real, and few people can actually handle the reality of having nothing. Call it a weak hand, but anyone who got in from 2013-2016 should at least recoup their initial investment (but it really should be more) If you aren't doing this, you are flat out stupid. Best post in a long time was yesterday telling people to sell 15-20% of your coins every time BTC has a 2-3x multiplier. It's smart investing, and how you win in the long run. By strategically hedging your bet. 
I got out because it was all too real, and the money will change the trajectory of my life. Call me weak, but I already won, and so did many people here. Blockchain is the discovery that has world changing value.  The reality is BTC doesn't have to be a part of that. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:49:57
This kind of price differential reflects what happened with MTGox before their crash.
It literally reflects a difference in demand for the Coins on each exchange. This is similar to what happened to MTGox, and makes me extremely wary. 
Which makes me want to reiterate, Having BTC's on an exchange is not owning BTC. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:43:36
Thanks. It's definitely very close to accurate for some of the people who now have $1million because they put $15k in 2 years ago. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:10:58
Bitcash, and Bitcoin is a result of core belief differences on the future of Bitcoin. Resulting in people starting Bitcash as an alternative, based on those key differences in how Bitcoin should proceed forward. 
Coordinated management and corporate control is a very fine line. Sure you can draw numerous differences, but you can draw numerous similarities as well. 
Blockchain is the technological discovery that belongs on the graph of OP. Not Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:25:26
It has literally doubled in under a month at least 3 other times this year alone. 
It doubled in under a month twice (~5% shy of a third) from September 2013 - August 2014. 
It doubled multiple times in under a month before 2013 as well. Adjustments followed each time. 
This is what they are remembering, and it was not a fun ride. 
The environment is the same at that time as it was right now, only now it is on a larger scale. 
If you haven't seen [this]( graph yet, you should. It exists for a reason. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:37:46
btc newvie?!?! everyone freaked out at the last halving. it will be NBD if BTC is still in force then/
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:04:45
this is a garbage post. Literally no reference ot bitcoin, and plenty of other things that number could refer to. 
Tweet taken out of context. Get your shit out of here. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:26:59
At such a young age the amount you are talking about is a tiny fraction of money compared to your life long earnings. Putting all your money into bitcoin is obviously high risk. But in the worst case scenario, if you lose all your savings is it the end of the world? I would leave yourself 4-6 months of frugal living expenses in case you lose your job. Then at this age invest aggressively with the rest.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:52:47
What you’re not looking for, is at some point all this anticipated potential for blockchain technology must be realized in some way. A lot of the prime ways for Blockchain to be realized in the next decade don’t necessarily involve BTC.
If you think being first to market means you are going to be the one on top in the end, then you truly do not understand how the world works. 
@_date: 2018-02-22 20:55:50
So sweet... 
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:52:24
Just google for the article title and view the Cached version. Passes the Adblock-blocker on All BI articles.