@_author: koooooj
@_date: 2015-06-04 04:20:06
Surely in implementation there would be a minimum max block size.
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:32:40
How are you able to post a comment where you start by pointing out the confusion of using "bits" when that term is already used in related fields and then go on to suggest reusing the *same fucking name* (albeit with a different 3-letter symbol) for two units of the same currency?  Do you not see the contradiction there?  
Calling 100 Satoshis a Bitcoin is quite possibly the only thing that is *worse* than calling that unit a Bit—it sidesteps the potential for confusion in exchange for a straight-up guarantee.  
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:18:33
That will never be an issue in any sane scenario.  All of the groups you listed fall as a subset of (1) or (2 and 3), since (1 and 2) is a subset of (1), as is (1 and 3).  There's no way for just 2 or just 3 to send a transaction.  You don't care if (1 and 2) are working together, since (1) had the authority to spend without anyone else's permission. 
The only way that this setup is in any different from what OP requested is if 1 keeps the keys in different locations and 2 or 3 steals one of them but not the other.  But if you had a situation just like what OP asked for then 2 or 3 could just steal that one key, so this is only barely a difference and wouldn't come up except in the most contrived scenarios. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 08:50:56
Buying with credit cards is difficult because it puts all the risk on the Bitcoin seller--credit card transactions are reversible for quite some time after the transaction, while Bitcoin transactions are irreversible almost immediately.  People selling Bitcoins for Credit Card or PayPal are opened up to a lot of fraud due to the asymmetry of chargebacks, so you don't see a lot of people making that offer.  
Local Bitcoins is probably the way to go if you want to avoid giving out bank information.  It gives you the opportunity to do a transaction face-to-face.  Not nearly as convenient as coinbase (you hit a button and you're done), and you wind up paying a few percent more and you have to physically meet up in most cases (some people allow you to just make a deposit to your account, although banks are starting to resist that approach), but if you want to avoid giving out bank details then this is probably the way to go. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:20:38
@_date: 2014-02-10 05:32:43
I stand by my statement.  In order for someone to pull off a zero-confirmation double-spend they have to send their fraudulent transaction to enough nodes that it gets a good chance of being the version of the transaction that gets included.  Most nodes accept and re-transmit the first transaction they see spending from a given output while they reject and don't transmit the second transaction.  Thus, to pull off a double-spend you would have to maintain connections to many, many nodes and release your double-spend transaction almost immediately just to have a ~50% chance of succeeding.  This would be trivially detectable in seconds and just not worth the effort for a small-value transaction.
I see no reason why a transaction for a small amount of value with low/no fee needs to be added to the blockchain any faster than 12 hours, and if a reason arose then a fee could always be added to boost the transaction's priority and shorten the wait.  I feel like there is too much of a sentiment that the confirmation time needs to compete with credit cards' approval speed when that's just not the case--the transaction propagation speed is what should be competing there (and it competes very favorably in my experience).  A transaction becoming irreversible in 12 hours *as a worst case* is really damn impressive and I would still find it perfectly acceptable if it took a whole day.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:39:24
Yeah, how about no.  "Free Market" is already a term that describes [something else](  You can't just grab that term and reuse it for something else then expect to be taken seriously.  I'll agree that "Dark Market" is an easy name for the media to engender hatred for, but calling it "Free Market" is just asking for trouble.
This seems to me like it is similar to making a new kind of car engine that has various pros and cons but happens to produce large quantities of (green, poisonous) Chlorine gas, then trying to market that engine as "Green Energy."  It may strictly speaking be an accurate description (it produces energy and some aspect of it is physically green), but the term is already reserved for something else so its dishonest to try to reuse the name for such a different concept.
Come up with a better name and you're good to go, but calling this "the free market" is a foolish idea. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:37:41
"Cold storage" has to be made "hot" when the hot wallet gets depleted.  The hot wallet gets depleted when someone finds a way to initiate withdrawals that aren't supported by deposits.  At this point accounting *should* come into play and raise red flags that you shouldn't replenish the hot wallet from cold storage since the numbers don't balance.  If you aren't doing any accounting then this fails and you just dutifully fill up the hot wallet to be emptied again.
If we are to believe that the ~750,000 BTC were stolen in the manner that was claimed then we have to believe that Gox reaches to new levels of incompetence with accounting.  It's up to you whether that level of incompetence is believable or not.  On the one hand, you can go with Hanlon's Razor--never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity--but I tend to think that this level of incompetence is too excessive to offer "adequate explanation."  
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:31:48
If the miner tries to pay himself more than 25 BTC+fees then the block is invalid and no nodes will accept it.  It's a good thing that mining is done by computers because it is so strict--make *any* error and your block is just dead.
The miner *can* pay himself less than the maximum, though.  This happened for a block around 175,000 (can't remember the exact index).  A miner wrote into the code to pay himself 49.99999999 as the mining reward (this was back when the base reward was 50 BTC) to destroy a single Satoshi.  This turned out to also destroy transaction fees from that block, but it illustrates the point that you are free to pay yourself *less* than standard and still have a valid block.  This is one of the few times in the Bitcoin Protocol where a check is made that must be "less than or equal to," not "exactly equal to." 
@_date: 2014-06-01 22:07:32
ECDSA's lifespan is on a clock right now.  That is well pretty well established.  The first step of the fix is to investigate the available alternatives and to choose one with minimal risk.
When cryptographically useful quantum computers are developed they will pose an immediate danger to Bitcoin (as well as many other systems).  With something like an SSL certificate the fix can be implemented very quickly.  Bitcoin is not so lucky, though:  keys are not quickly exchanged.  In order to move Bitcoin to a system that is secure against quantum computers the network has to first adopt the change, which takes significant time (it took  quite some time for P2SH to be spread across the network).
Then people need to migrate from ECDSA addresses to quantum-safe addresses.  This is another long-term action, and here I would absolutely say the longer we have the better.
Finally, we would likely want to remove the threat of old, lost coins being suddenly reawakened.  Imagine the disastrous results of hundreds of thousands of BTC suddenly coming into the hands of a single party.  This is the kind of event that could wreck Bitcoin beyond recovery, likely to give way to an altcoin that actually is quantum safe.  
I know this will be an unpopular opinion, but the third step of implementation must be to disable old addresses.  If sufficient time is given for the migration then I really don't think this is a bad thing—having to move your coins once in, say, five years is really a tiny burden.  It also allows wholesale pruning of the blockchain and a better estimate of the money supply, although the real benefit is that it protects the scarcity of the coin from the sudden inflation that would occur in the event of a quantum attack.  The "not messing with your money" aspect of Bitcoin is important, but the idea that lost coins should stay lost is also important.  By implementing a post-quantum fix now instead of when there's a big problem we can protect the coin while having only a very minimal effect on users.
Running away from this by claiming that it's not really needed is foolish.  We *KNOW* that ECDSA falls to Shor's algorithm.  We *KNOW* that many many coins have their public keys revealed and have not shown movement in years.  We *KNOW* that quantum computing is real and works, so now it's just a matter of time before it can be scaled up enough to be dangerous.  Refusing to deal with this because of a hypothetical (not even theoretical) flaw in the post-quantum algorithms is no better than staying in a room with a sleeping tiger on the off chance that there's a bear outside.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:39:44
Then the transaction from Deepbit--&gt;(You + Deepbit) is very odd, but it's probably unrelated to Mt Gox and their recent troubles.  It doesn't match the profile of a transaction malleability attack.  
@_date: 2014-10-22 03:54:53
So much this.  I realize that the Bitcoin hive mind is dead set on bits, but I still feel obligated to speak out against it.  Not the unit, but the name.
I'm not worried about confusion with the unit of data; it should be obvious from context that that is not the unit being used.  I'm not worried about the archaic use as currency ("Shave and a haircut, two bits!").  That's out of date and is never used.
However, the unit "millibit" is already established well enough that making 1 bit equal anything other than 1 bitcoin is going to stir up confusion.  Same with "microbit," although that unit sees much less use (because let's face it, we're a long way from microbits being a useful unit for day-to-day transaction quantities).
Is it the end of the world if this confusion exists?  No.  But the confusion does exist and it seems like the proponents of using the name "bits" want to completely ignore it.  We can work through that confusion if we must, but there's just no reason at *all* that the name "bits" is what that unit ought to be called.  The community has literally any name to pick from and has settled on one of the worst options. 
Consider established currencies.  Would it make sense to start calling $100 bills "Dolls" since it's 100 **Doll**ars?  Or to call 1/100 of a Euro a "Eur"?  NO!  Using names that are already close to another unit of the same currency is just asking for confusion.  That's why we have Dollars and Cents or a C-note and a "grand."  Sure, you wouldn't know what any of these units is without being exposed to it, but you wouldn't be likely to guess wrong in the same way that someone would be likely to guess that a "Doll" is a dollar or a "bit" is a bitcoin.
Now, I'm all for getting a useful name for 100 Satoshis.  Unit bias is quite real and is serving as a psychological barrier to entry for a lot of people.  We have "microbitcoins," but that's too similar to "millibitcoins" and the average person has to at least think for a moment before they remember their science class and what the SI prefixes mean.  However, I'm still completely unconvinced that "bits" is the best term for this unit. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 05:24:41
Great, now just 255 more and I'll have an incredibly insecure private key!
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:11:22
Remember:  Bitcoins are just numbers in a ledger.  They don't have to come *from* somewhere to exist.
The protocol is set up according to a set of rules.  Most of the rules boil down to pretty obvious things--if one account has some number of coins then they can't send more than that number.  Things like that.  These rules are completely open source and anyone can look at them.  The network is constantly making sure that people are following the rules.  If someone breaks the rules then they get shunned out of the network--any computer can claim anything they want (e.g. you could make your computer claim that you have 100,000,000,000 BTC), but if the claim doesn't follow the rules then nobody will listen to them.
One of these rules involves the creation of new coins.  They are *not* being decrypted.  They are being generated--from nothing.  The public ledger--the blockchain--has a list of accounts ("addresses") with values associated with them.  Normally no account can go up without another account going down by the same amount, but the one exception to that is that whenever someone solves a specific problem (the "proof of work") they are allowed to increase an account's value by a certain amount (about 25 BTC right now; they can actually spread the 25 BTC across any number of accounts which is occasionally useful).
The rules by which they are allowed to do this are all open source and freely auditable by anyone.  This is the mechanism by which all coins enter the Bitcoin economy.  It also serves to pay the people who are helping to secure the network--in order to carry out most types of attack you have to be able to win in a race against all of these computers ("51% attacks").  
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:11:12
Yes; Dogecoin (and most altcoins) traces it's code's heritage back to Bitcoin (in Dogecoin's case the immediate predecessor was Litecoin, which I think was forked directly from Bitcoin).
I'm not sure that they have a term for that unit in Dogecoin. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:52:34
Gox was set up where when you ask for a withdrawal they publish a transaction sending coins from their wallet to your address, just as you would expect.  There's not a 100% guarantee of a transaction making it through, so they have the means by which you can initiate a dispute saying "I didn't get paid, either resend the transaction or credit my account."  This all works fine and dandy in principle, but there's an issue:  they were tracking transactions based on their hash--a name for each transaction of sorts.  Also, they were forming these transactions in a slightly non-standard way (failing to truncate some zeroes, I believe).  As I understand it the transaction propagation rules (that govern how a node tells its peers about a transaction) were updated in a recent release of Bitcoin QT such that Gox's non-standard transactions are at a disadvantage.
The real trick comes from the fact that once someone releases a transaction anyone can look at the data and change it ever so slightly (e.g. by removing those unnecessary zeroes).  This doesn't invalidate the transaction signature, so the transaction will still be accepted and will still send the same coins from the same place to the same place, but it will have a different hash.  Thus, if your system is built off of tracking transactions by their hash then it's possible that someone has modified one of the transactions and re-broadcast it and your system won't realize that the transaction *did* go through.  Gox was especially vulnerable because it was possible to reform the non-standard transactions into standard form transactions and thereby gain a leg up on getting the transaction included in a block first.  They then initiate a dispute (or one is initiated automatically when the original transaction fails) and they have their cake (in their wallet) and get to eat it too (in their Gox account).  Repeat for infinite money.
Making things worse is the recent press release where Mt Gox tried to blame this problem on some new-found fundamental flaw in the Bitcoin protocol and stated that every other exchange is also at risk.  That is patently untrue and is a low move even by Gox's standards.  The problem is pretty minor and has been known about since 2011; other exchanges did their homework and they track transactions based on looking to see what coins have been spent, not by looking to see what the transactions spending those coins are named.
The wording of their press release makes me think that this exploit has been going on for weeks to months and that a significant amount of Bitcoins have been stolen.  I wouldn't be surprised if people with Bitcoins on Mt Gox are unable to withdraw all of their Bitcoins when all is said and done, and it's entirely possible that most people won't get anything.  Gox has been dying for a long time and I honestly hope it doesn't get back up this time.  The turbulence of Gox failing is worth being rid of those incompetent fools. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:25:40
The auction was very explicit that the buyer pays the fee.  Good guess, though. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:06:14
Many people have worried about that very thing, so no, you're not alone.  While Bitcoin isn't as bad as some alternatives (physical banks use substantial resources as well), it's still a non-zero impact, so many people have sought to minimize that impact. 
One prominent person who has made substantial efforts to address this issue is Sunny King.  His first major effort here was in the development of Peercoin (or Peer to Peer Coin, PPCoin, etc).  This altcoin introduces the idea of Proof of Stake, whereby the mining is done with almost no computational power; your mining speed is based on how many coins you have.  PPC also has a proof of work aspect to it.  The problem with Proof of Stake is that it can't make the same strength of guarantees that Bitcoin and other PoW coins can since there are new attacks that can be performed by using the same coins to work on two different parts of the blockchain ("nothing at stake" problem).  There have been various attempts to remedy this problem, but none have caught on widely.
The other major development that Sunny King made in this area was to make the work useful outside of the currency, rather than making it nonexistent.  This idea had been approached before on numerous occasions; the idea of using work for projects like Folding (Curecoin) and the various BOINC projects (Gridcoin) is popular since it combines altruistic distributed computing with "selfish" distributed computing.  However, those previous ideas all made some concession in terms of security or decentralization and decentralization is the only novel concept that Bitcoin brings compared to ideas that predate it.  
Sunny King then developed Primecoin, which uses a search for prime numbers similar to distributed computing projects like GIMPS and Primegrid.  This proof of work is great for a cryptocurrency because it is work that each miner can issue to themselves, it is easily verifiable but hard to find, and the difficulty can be finely adjusted.  It's good as a byproduct because a lot of work goes into finding the interesting primes and all of the composite numbers can be discarded without losing a bunch of work.  Now, finding world record prime numbers isn't the greatest use of a ton of energy, but it's better than nothing. 
There have been several copycat coins using similar prime number searches since Primecoin was released, but Primecoin is still the largest.  It doesn't have that large of a community though, even though the coin's fundamentals are better than most altcoins (and as a disclaimer I should mention that I stand to gain from Primecoin's success, but then again you should probably just assume that anyone touting an altcoin is probably invested in it). 
@_date: 2014-06-15 23:51:43
So you get Bitcoin and all its benefits, except....
* No longer anonymous.
* No longer decentralized
* Not as low of fees (you cannot run this service for free; you'll have to charge the customer something, either directly or by charging the merchant who raises prices to cover for it).
I just don't see the real benefit here.  Why bother with a 2-of-3 transaction?  What does the third party bring to the table?  You could just as easily have a 1-of-1 wallet that the company holds—you need their permission to use the money anyway and this doesn't open them up to the threat of the 3rd party running off with the customers and your money.  And it doesn't help the customer feel safe in the money—the company will have to regularly get transactions authorized by the 3rd party when they want lower credit limits or close out accounts.  If the company was inclined to steal then getting the 3rd party in on it would not be a challenge.
Having a simple way to spend bitcoins without having a stash of them would be nice, but I don't think this is a problem to be addressed by a fancy blockchain-based solution.  A central company that holds their own wallet and pays out as requested (pending authorization) then sends you a bill is a much simpler solution and I don't see any significant disadvantages that it would have to your design.
@_date: 2014-03-03 09:17:47
Yes, for a period of time, assuming the QT wallet (may or may not be true for other wallets; I don't know about them).
In Bitcoin-QT with all default settings the wallet will generate 100 addresses for future use.  Whenever you either click "+ new address" or have another need for getting a new address (e.g. change transactions--when you spend part of an output and the client has to send the change back to another fresh address you control) the client just pulls one of the addresses out of that queue and generates a new one that it puts in the back of the queue.  When you back up your wallet these 100 future addresses are saved.  If you go beyond those addresses by either generating new addresses to receive with or by sending coins then future addresses will not be backed up.  I'm pretty sure there's a way to increase that number to something more than 100.
If you take an unencrypted wallet and you encrypt it then the 100 future addresses are dumped--the client doesn't want to use addresses that could be saved in an old backup unencrypted.  When you encrypt your wallet (and *everyone* should) you should update backups. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 21:29:33
I hate to break it to you, but you are the aggressively ignorant one here.
P2Pool internally works off of a blockchain-like structure.  This gives a miner with &gt;50% of P2Pool certain powers.  When a miner in P2Pool finds a hash that will mine a block on the Bitcoin network it gets released; a 51% P2Pool miner cannot prevent that.
There is a specific attack that P2Pool is vulnerable to, though:  they can orphan all shares from other miners on P2Pool that do not mine a block.  A P2Pool miner outside of the 51% attack would have to pay their coinbase transaction out almost entirely to the attacker or else the whole P2Pool network would see it as invalid.  Thus, the attacker claims almost all of the P2Pool mining power for themselves.  This gives the attacker a higher payout at the expense of other P2Pool miners.
I would accept the risk of this happening for a short period while P2Pool gathers enough hashrate to minimize variance since it is very vulnerable to this attack right now anyway.  Petamine is either honest or dishonest (I hope for the former).  If they are honest then them jumping on P2Pool will increase the pool's security.  If they are dishonest then they could choose to attack the pool whether the vote goes through or not.  I would vote in favor of them joining P2Pool but I have no stake so I will just advocate instead. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:33:04
Storing your bitcoins on a third party site and keeping a backup of the private key is the worst of both worlds.  You have to trust that the website won't take your coins and run (with the private keys they can do just that) and that they won't get hacked *and* you have to ensure that you don't let the private key fall into the wrong hands.  Are there seriously people who *pay* to be in that situation? 
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:27:10
In a Ponzi scheme there is a central operator who requests deposits from "investors" with the promise of unreasonably high returns (typically with no reasonable explanation of how the returns will be earned).  Investors wishing to withdraw their funds + interest are allowed to do so and are paid with the money from new investors.  As this goes on the operator looks like they are magic--they are consistently able to get new depositors since they've successfully met payments in the past, so the new deposits are always able to cover withdrawals... until they aren't, at which point the Ponzi operator runs off with the money.
This just isn't a good description of Bitcoin so the term doesn't fit.  There is no central operator.  While some people promise awesome returns by investing in Bitcoin most people I've seen tend to point out that it is a really risky investment that might turn out well.  The mechanism for the increase in value of a Bitcoin investment is pretty transparent--when more people buy and use Bitcoin the price goes up.
That's not to say that there aren't similarities, though.  People buying Bitcoins are buying them from someone who was selling Bitcoins, which is to say that new deposits are paying off withdrawals.  That is observed in many systems, though, and is insufficient to label a system as a Ponzi Scheme--a fractional reserve bank, for example, has the same practice, but they offer interest that is earned through loans and it is therefore inaccurate to label such an institute as a Ponzi Scheme.
It's also not to say that a Ponzi Scheme can't be carried out with Bitcoin--it's actually very well suited for Ponzi operators which helped pirateat40 run Bitcoin Savings and Trust for so long while accumulating thousands of Bitcoins to steal.  Mt Gox shouldn't be labeled as a Ponzi, though, either.  It wasn't gathering deposits based on a promise of high returns--it was gathering deposits based on a promise of returning them on demand while offering a service (i.e. exchanging Bitcoins &lt;--&gt; fiat).
The basic rebuttal is that a Ponzi Scheme is a very specific type of fraud and that it is a term that gets thrown around entirely too liberally, along with Pyramid Scheme.  The Bitcoin market has some weaknesses but they don't amount to it being a Ponzi scheme; when people make the claim that it is they demonstrate that they either do not understand Bitcoin, don't understand Ponzi Schemes, or are intentionally trying to generate bad press. 
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:15:34
Their payout system is, in my opinion, ridiculous.  Everyone had 100% of their funds frozen, then they get unfrozen as new funds are made available (i.e. from trading fees).  However, the order in which accounts are paid out makes it so that there will only ever be two users on the whole site that have anything other than 100% or 0% of their funds frozen (excepting new deposits, which are never frozen under this plan).  They take all profits and distribute them to accounts split 50:50 between the largest and smallest accounts--the person with the 2nd largest account gets nothing until the person with the largest account is completely paid off, and same for 2nd smallest and smallest.  A person with a moderate amount of money trapped will likely never get paid.
A fair system would be to either pay everyone proportional to their holdings or to pay everyone equally.  The system they've described is horrible.  Glad I don't have any business with them. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 09:53:15
Surely Bitcoin talk and Bitcoin.org are older, right?  Bitcoin.org was registered on August 18, 2008--*before* the paper was even published or the project was registered at SourceForge.  Mt Gox wasn't established until July 17, 2010.  
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:18:54
My expectation is that the graphics card will see a 100% ROI after 3-4 months at which point it starts to go positive; probably a few hundred percent return over a couple years if I keep it on mining (although if Bitcoin price goes up then while my USD ROI will keep on increasing nicely my BTC ROI will slow down). The past few days have suggested to me that I may break even much sooner than that (already gotten about $40 out of a $450 card that I ordered about a week ago); I'm trying to keep a level head, though.  Note that my ROI will be better since I already had everything else I needed to use the card--my case, motherboard, and power supply already had the necessary capacity.  Going in for a complete mining rig will take longer to break even.
I also expect that buying a card is going to be safer than buying Bitcoin directly--Bitcoin works just as well at $5/BTC as it does at $5,000/BTC.  I know that the general consensus (i.e. circle jerk) here is that Bitcoin is going to the moon, but I am acutely aware of the possibility that the current price is the result of market manipulation.  Many people have tried to calculate what the price per Bitcoin *ought* to be and they all come up with different numbers (but curiously they always seem to be just a few times larger than the current price--whatever that price happens to be).
I don't *think* that Bitcoin is going to fail any time soon, but it's nice to have at least a little bit of my holdings in physical hardware that I can use or sell.  If Bitcoin were destroyed tomorrow I would still have gotten more out of it than I put in.  The fact that I will probably wind up with more Bitcoin than if I had just bought and held makes this route all the better.
Amount of money isn't the only thing to consider, though.  It takes a certain amount of maintenance to mine.  I offload a lot of that maintenance onto middlecoin because I can't be bothered to profit switch for myself, but they go down occasionally and I have to mine on another pool.  I enjoy this as a hobby but on a larger scale it would be some amount of work (although it probably works out to be a pretty nice wage!).  The computer is in my bedroom and makes lots of noise and heat (although the heat is appreciated in the winter).  Just buying and holding is, by far, the easier choice.  I would recommend that route first.  If you do decide to start mining start small--I've been mining for well over 2 years now and I would only claim to have a "pretty good" mastery of the field.  It's easy to get in way over your head. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:23:26
Or consider running your own P2Pool node.  If you already have Bitcoin Core or any other wallet that runs Bitcoind in the background then it's seriously like 5 minutes of setup.  Setting up a P2Pool node gets a reputation of being way harder than it actually is.
@_date: 2014-03-04 03:05:45
Because almost all of them are traded against BTC, not directly against the USD.  When Bitcoin goes up and they hold relatively constant against the Bitcoin they all go up together.
Interestingly, it seems that when Bitcoin crashes altcoins crash harder--it seems people sell off their altcoins to get Bitcoins then their Bitcoins for fiat during a crash.  When Bitcoin recovers I've noticed it takes altcoins longer to recover. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:57:36
At the risk of asking a stupid question, have you ever sent or received Bitcoins from those addresses?  I suspect they're just grabbing random addresses from the blockchain, not from any sort of website's database. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:44:46
Ah, Poe's law.  I'm like 98% sure it's a troll account, but that 2% is a testament to how bad Mt Gox's image is right now. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:30:15
Scrypt was designed to make ASICs impractical entirely, but it's failed at that.  With SHA256 you're only ever working with a few hundred bytes of data.  You perform 80 rounds of an operation that takes 256 bits in and spits 256 bits out without ever really storing much data at all.
With Scrypt you first generate a large table of values using a deterministic random number generator, then you go through several rounds of operations where you reference values in that table in a pseudorandom order.  You could make a low-memory implementation of the Scrypt function that doesn't store the table, but it would require recomputing the table from the start every time you need to access it.  Thus, this algorithm requires the ability to store the entire random number table to work efficiently, and that table must be stored in low latency memory.
This makes Scrypt pretty quick on a CPU and GPU which already have lots of low latency RAM (especially the CPU, with its L2 and L3 cache).  GPUs' ability to perform lots of computation in parallel still gives them the advantage, though.  Most FPGAs don't have enough memory to be competitive at Scrypt mining, but ASICs can be designed with enough memory to perform the Scrypt hash efficiently; it's not as big of an advantage as with SHA256d, but it's enough that ASICs are taking over.
A lot of this is because when Scrypt was first used in cryptocurrency the parameters were selected to be too weak.  Scrypt allows the ability to select the size of the pseudorandom number table, and most coins using Scrypt use a very small table (1 MB, IIRC).  This is well within the reach of ASIC hardware.  Using a larger table can help delay the production of ASICs, but they are pretty much inevitable. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:50:40
You can also check out coinmap.org, which gives a global map of physical stores that accept Bitcoin; if you are a business owner (or know one who would be interested) then you can accept Bitcoins and submit your business to the map.  It's still pretty sparse, and I know that I would be likely to travel a considerable distance to buy something with Bitcoin just to meet others who use cryptocurrencies--the cows around here never seem too interested.  
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:53:34
[Looks a lot more readable with a 7-day average](
And good call on pointing out that it's a metric that could be falsified, although I agree it should be fairly detectable. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:06:04
It's relevant now if you have either ASIC hardware or if you are mining Scrypt coins.  Going through middlecoin means that the payout comes in BTC directly.  And like said, in 2012 it was the way to go in 2012 and for a good part of 2013 it was still viable.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:42:09
That isn't really an issue.  For one thing, if bitcointip was banned as being against a sub's rules then it's likely that changetip will be as well—registering new names just makes work for mods who are trying to uphold the rules of their sub.
If bitcointip is banned but changetip isn't banned, though, it doesn't get in the way of changetip answering invocations of bitcointip.  If they're still working off of username pings then you still get those for subs you're banned from and you can act off of them (e.g. sending private messages and updating account balances), you just can't reply in the thread.  As far as I'm aware this is what many subs banned bitcoin tip for—lots of people would overuse the "verify" command and that would clutter threads with lots of verification messages.  Most subs have nothing against tips being given, just thread cluttering.  Banning the bot accomplishes this goal nicely.
@_date: 2014-02-19 03:18:36
Bad?! It hasn't even been a month since I spent 0.5658 BTC on the graphics card and I already have 0.233 back.  That's right on track for a break-even of 2-3 months (admittedly I had a 6970 that was helping out, but it's also handling desktop graphics so I don't run it a lot of the time and when I do it's at lower intensity).  That's not bad--it's positively *insane*.  For almost zero work I am getting $150/month.
Also, if you must quote the returns in USD with today's price then it's also worthwhile to list what I paid in terms of USD using today's price--$350 for an HD 7970 (with next-day shipping) is pretty great (best I can find right now for a new card is $410), and I'm still in a position where if I needed to I could sell the card to recover costs--probably at least a couple hundred dollars for such a young card ([this]( card, for example, is going for &gt;$200 despite a &gt;2 year life).
Sure, if I had just bought and held Dogecoin I would be in a better position, but it's always possible to find an investment that did better than yours.  I, for one, am perfectly content to have an investment that's beating the socks off of most of the conventional markets. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:26:38


Sounds to me like someone mining on deepbit deposited their coins to Gox (to cover electricity costs from mining, perhaps), then Gox sent the coins out to cover the withdrawal.  Sounds like businesses as usual--an exchange keeps most of its holdings in a "vault" (i.e. offline wallets) and uses "drawer cash" taken in from depositors to pay out withdrawals.  The short path from Deepbit--&gt;MtGox--&gt;You isn't terribly interesting.
However, you mention a transaction that goes Deepbit--&gt;(You + Deepbit), which seems odd--that is odd.  That makes it look like the owner of the deepbit address sent you money directly (the format is normal for spending less than a full output; the change is returned to the sender, although usually it's put into a fresh address).  Do you have any reason to be receiving money from Deepbit?
@_date: 2014-04-26 22:09:33
There is no need for anything electronic to "store" a bitcoin, so no, there's no chip inside.  What there is instead is a private key.
Bitcoin is built off of public key cryptography, which is a cool bit of modern cryptography that lets you do a lot of nice things.  It is built around a pair of values: a private key and a public key.  These values have a few properties:
* If you have the private key then you can quickly and easily get the public key.
* If you have the public key then there is no quick or easy way to compute the private key.  Random guessing would take an absurd amount of time to be likely to succeed (i.e. longer than the age of the universe).
* A message can be encrypted with either key, then decrypted by the other.
* A message can be encrypted with the private key and then sent out along with the original, unencrypted message.  Anyone with the public key can then verify that the encrypted version was indeed computed by someone who knew the private key.  This is known as a digital signature.  The cool thing here is that you can prove that you know a private key associated with some public key without actually saying what that private key is.
In Bitcoin your wallet file holds your private keys.  You rarely see direct evidence of public keys, but you do see addresses, which are derived from the public key (this places even the public key behind another layer of security).  When you send coins you create a message that states what address you are sending the coins to and you digitally sign the message with the private key from the address you are sending from.
A consequence of this is that knowing a private key is synonymous with owning the bitcoins associated with an address.  Keep in mind at this point that your wallet only contains the information that lets you author transactions spending your coins—it is improper to think of a wallet file as "containing bitcoins," as that line of thought leads to improper conclusions like thinking that copying the file would double the coins.  The coins are stored in the blockchain which is distributed across the network, all you store is the key that lets you use them.
Thus, the physical coins just have to have a private key somewhere on them.  This obviously leads to a security concern, though:  if someone knows your private key then they can steal your coins.  Thus, most physical coins keep the private key covered by a sticker of some sort that is designed to resist tampering.  As far as I'm aware none of the tamper-resistant stickers are actually resistant enough that they can be reliably trusted.
There can also be concerns with having someone else make the coin for you, as that could lead to them knowing the private key.  There are methods to get around this, though (e.g. send the coin maker an encrypted key where only you know the passphrase to unlock it).
These coins should be treated like very expensive paper wallets that happen to also have some melt value.  Their collectible value is very low.  It is impossible to prove trust when selling one of these unless the old address is emptied and a new one is provided by the new owner.
@_date: 2014-03-03 09:11:48
It actually is possible for coins to disappear, but it takes the cooperation of a miner.  The protocol doesn't actually enforce transaction outputs equaling a certain value--it just makes sure that it isn't over a given value (e.g. if I have an input for 1 BTC and an input for 2 BTC then I could make the outputs add up to 3 BTC or 2.5 BTC but not 3.5 BTC).  When the inputs are worth more than the outputs the miner has the ability to claim the balance in addition to the base 25 BTC award.  This is how transaction fees are implemented.
However, when the miner is paying himself the block reward he is once again only limited by a "less than or equal to" operator--there's no penalty for choosing not to claim coins (other than not getting those coins, obviously).  I remember reading about this happening once--back in the days of significant solo mining someone took the source code and put in a few lines to make the block reward for his block be 49.99999999 BTC--one Satoshi less than the reward and also destroying all transaction fees.  These coins are *completely* unrecoverable, even moreso than coins sent to impossible addresses.  
There are also coins sent to addresses that are provably unspendable (e.g. with a script of OP_FALSE OP_VERIFY), which I would argue are more destroyed than coins sent to addresses like 1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSend59kuE (a private key could conceivably exist that yields that address, although finding it appears to be computationally impossible right now).  
The block in question: 
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:11:38
It should be pointed out that that is true only if you are using a digital computer (e.g. any computer you've ever had any experience with); it should also be noted that "more computing power than there is energy in the sun" is an underestimate but technically correct, in the same way that stating "there are at least twelve molecules of water in the ocean" is.  The energy it would take for a digital computer to brute force a private key from a public key is likely more than the energy equivalent of all of the mass in the universe.
As to the point on digital computers, a quantum computer with at least N qubits would be able to break a N-bit ECC key in O(N^3 ) time, as opposed to a brute force attack which would take O(2^N ), using a variant of Shor's algorithm.  We're quite a way off from having 256 qubit quantum computers in the wild (although it's conceivable that the NSA or CIA already has one--they're consistently at the forefront of codebreaking technology).
The challenge of deriving a private key from an address is made easier if the address has ever spent coins--addresses hide their public key behind several layers of hashing (RIMEMD-160 and SHA-256).  The public key must be revealed when an address spends coins.  Also, when a transaction is signed a random number is used.  If that random number is not truly random then it becomes easier to find the private key.  This vulnerability hit Android wallets some time ago since the Android random number generator had a flaw.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:13:05
[Epoch Fail!](
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:52:29
You know, I thought that, but the other day I decided to give it a go.  I downloaded a single zip folder, extracted it, and ran a program inside.  I added a couple of lines to my bitcoin conf file (setting RPC password and setting server = 1), and I directed my miners to point at that computer with a centralized pool as a fallback.  I also added a port to be forwarded from my router since the computer I was using to host P2Pool was not the same one that hosts the miners.
I'll certainly acknowledge that it could have been slightly easier to use, but it's really not difficult at all, and comments like yours discourage people from even trying.  Anyone who is able to set up a program like cgminer to run on a centralized pool should have no trouble setting up P2Pool.
@_date: 2014-03-05 08:37:55
That doesn't matter in my phrasing of OP's question.  It's a good reason why OP's question isn't terribly meaningful, but it's still a question that has an answer. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:59:33
It could make sense if he wants to reduce his variance, but he could get the same effect by just directing miners at any other pool (or several pools, for that matter).  
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:24:43


Expected payout in a small pool is statistically the same as in a large pool or mining solo.  The difference is variance.  Yes, a small pool may get unlucky and not mine a block between difficulty increases (that would be a very small pool, but sure, let's go with it), but they could also get lucky and mine two blocks in this difficulty when they would be predicted to only mine one.  When calculating expected value these **exactly** cancel out.  What you're left with is variance.
So the question becomes "how much variance is acceptable?"  Do you really need to get several payouts per hour?  Slush's pool gets about 6 blocks a day at only 4% of the network.  Surely this is low enough variance to be acceptable.  
There's risk of a small pool having a run of bad luck, but that, too can be mitigated:  split mining between several small pools.  One pool can have bad luck and your variance will still be low.
I also have to object to your claim that P2Pool is too hard to use.  Running your own P2Pool node is absolutely trivial:
* Download and run Bitcoin Core or Bitcoind with appropriate RPC conf paramaters
* Download and run "runP2Pool.exe" (Windows; doesn't take Python to run like you claim)
* Forward appropriate ports through router/firewall
* Point miners at your own computer
* ~~???????~~ There is no unknown step
* Profit.
If that is too complicated for you then you can always point at someone else's P2Pool node, which is even easier.  Seriously, people need to get past this widespread belief that P2Pool is too complicated to use.  I honestly believed that until I set it up; 10 minutes later it was up and running and I was left wondering what all the fuss is about.
Ultimately, the only valid points you make are that GHash.io has no fees and offers merged mining.  Everything else is a false justification to make you feel better about the fact that you are letting your greed to get that last few percent mining reward overwhelm any sense of wanting to preserve the network.  It is absolutely your right to follow that greed (and to some extent your duty, as you have bills to pay), but you should acknowledge and accept that that is what it is.  Nobody is so risk averse that several payouts a day is too much variance.  Nobody with a "large mining operation" is so technically incompetent that P2Pool is too difficult. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:43:49
Awesome.  Thanks!
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:51:47
Gox was set up where when you ask for a withdrawal they publish a transaction sending coins from their wallet to your address, just as you would expect.  There's not a 100% guarantee of a transaction making it through, so they have the means by which you can initiate a dispute saying "I didn't get paid, either resend the transaction or credit my account."  This all works fine and dandy in principle, but there's an issue:  they were tracking transactions based on their hash--a name for each transaction of sorts.  Also, they were forming these transactions in a slightly non-standard way (failing to truncate some zeroes, I believe).  As I understand it the transaction propagation rules (that govern how a node tells its peers about a transaction) were updated in a recent release of Bitcoin QT such that Gox's non-standard transactions are at a disadvantage.
The real trick comes from the fact that once someone releases a transaction anyone can look at the data and change it ever so slightly (e.g. by removing those unnecessary zeroes).  This doesn't invalidate the transaction signature, so the transaction will still be accepted and will still send the same coins from the same place to the same place, but it will have a different hash.  Thus, if your system is built off of tracking transactions by their hash then it's possible that someone has modified one of the transactions and re-broadcast it and your system won't realize that the transaction *did* go through.  Gox was especially vulnerable because it was possible to reform the non-standard transactions into standard form transactions and thereby gain a leg up on getting the transaction included in a block first.  They then initiate a dispute (or one is initiated automatically when the original transaction fails) and they have their cake (in their wallet) and get to eat it too (in their Gox account).  Repeat for infinite money.
Making things worse is the recent press release where Mt Gox tried to blame this problem on some new-found fundamental flaw in the Bitcoin protocol and stated that every other exchange is also at risk.  That is patently untrue and is a low move even by Gox's standards.  The problem is pretty minor and has been known about since 2011; other exchanges did their homework and they track transactions based on looking to see what coins have been spent, not by looking to see what the transactions spending those coins are named.
The wording of their press release makes me think that this exploit has been going on for weeks to months and that a significant amount of Bitcoins have been stolen.  I wouldn't be surprised if people with Bitcoins on Mt Gox are unable to withdraw all of their Bitcoins when all is said and done, and it's entirely possible that most people won't get anything.  Gox has been dying for a long time and I honestly hope it doesn't get back up this time.  The turbulence of Gox failing is worth being rid of those incompetent fools. 
Copied from [this]( thread. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 08:15:40
This isn't something where a few people calling it something that avoids the confusion will fix the situation.  The whole community has to agree on a non-confusing, unambiguous name.  
That's the thing about language which constructed languages like Esperanto or Lojban demonstrate beautifully:  it doesn't matter how logical your language is if nobody else speaks it.  
So for the time being I'll begrudgingly use "bits" when I need to refer to the unit because, for better or worse, that's the standard that the community has decided on.  That won't stop me from avoiding those circumstances, though, or from including a parenthetical note when using the unit with people who may be unfamiliar with it, and it *certainly* won't stop me from advocating that we, as an entire community, settle on a better name.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:13:37
This is absolutely the correct answer.  One slight change I would make is: 


There's room for debate on whether the Bitcoins would be more or less valuable if the lost coins were restored.  I'm in the camp that it would be less valuable (it would be seen as a breach of the original protocol, in my opinion, and would drive off people in the anti-regulation camp), but perhaps some people would see this move as a demonstration of the resilience of the system.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:49:58
There's only two links that actually lead to a wallet.  The others just 404 or lead to a page saying the file has been deleted.  I'd say that this is far from being some sort of systemic issue.  I would wager that there are likely hundreds of wallets on dropbox (mostly encrypted), yet only two show up and lead to actual wallet files that could be downloaded.
I'm going to go ahead and keep my tinfoil hat on the hat rack for now.  A couple of people seem to have left a trail that leads to their wallet.  Hardly cause for alarm. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 04:03:14
I agree.  I hope Mt Gox dies, but I hope it dies gracefully.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 08:53:31
No.  Just... no.  
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:42:52
Yeah, that's pretty much what risk means.  You have less certainty about what is going to happen.  Risk doesn't mean something bad is definitely going to happen; it means something bad *might* happen.  That describes Bitcoin pretty well. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:27:27
Is your dad, by chance, [this guy]( 
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:29:01
In a secure but unsafe payment system nobody can steal your money, but your computer stabs you in the face 1 in 10 times. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:36:07
Locally my P2Pool node is stating about 700-750 TH/s, but that can vary quite a bit.  It may not have caught up to reflect an influx of mining power.  P2Pool.org is stating about 674 TH/s [link]( 
@_date: 2014-06-19 17:43:38
If you click through the blocks that are listed there most of them pay out to the GHash.io mining address.
This isn't a malicious thing—I doubt that GHash is trying to hide their mining power by relaying blocks through 88.150.205.243.  It's more likely that that computer just happens to be connected to both GHash and Blockchain and has low latency.  Blockchain's reporting of who gets each block is really quite bad (they readily admit it should only be a rough estimate).  Most of the blocks in the "Unknown" section of the chart can quickly be assigned to one pool or another just by looking at them.  For a better estimate see [this]( site.
This doesn't prove that GHash only has the mining power in their section of the pie chart, though, as they could be directing some of their miners at other pools.  It does give a better idea of how much power they publicly have, though. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 17:48:02
Indeed.  With all of the hullabaloo about switching to P2Pool to avoid this problem in the future you would think that the P2Pool hashrate would have exploded.  Instead, it's sitting pretty stagnant; P2Pool is still well under 1% of the network.
Miners reading this:  you cannot just assume someone else will make the change.  You have to take the initiative.  Switching to P2Pool is easier than people would have you believe.  I switched back in January and I use a centralized pool as a failover.  It's unbelievably easy.  Don't make excuses; don't put it off.  Just make the switch. 
@_date: 2014-06-29 01:09:03
Do you have any sources on Countries adopting Bitcoin either as a currency or as part of their reserve, or is this just your optimistic prediction?
@_date: 2014-11-19 03:27:51
I guess I and the others who frequent subs like will just have to accept that we will be answering [this]( question for the next decade because the people who decided to support "bits" were too arrogant and stubborn to settle on a more unique word.
Yes, "Bits" is winning, but don't pretend that it's without casualties.  Don't pretend that it's a flawless term to use.  The problems with "bits" are as glaring today as they've always been.  Don't make the mistake of thinking that "winning" and "being right" are the same thing. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:01:29
When P2Pool hits 51% it will offer one of the highest variances for small, medium, and even moderately large miners.  This is a point that has been repeatedly overlooked with the recent discussion on P2Pool. 
In order to get a payout on each of P2Pools blocks (on average) you need to have 1/8,640 of P2Pool's hash rate (8640 = 2 shares/minute \* 60 minutes/hour \* 24 hours/day \* 3 days).  That is constant with the current implementation of P2Pool.
If P2Pool had 50% of the network, that's about 50 PHash/s.  That means that getting constant payouts requires 5.8 THash/s.  If you "only" had 100 GHash/s then you would be getting payouts less than 2% of the time.
Luckily, the fix for this is fairly straightforward.  P2Pool only remembers the last 3 days of shares and it pays out each share with every transaction.  If that memory can be increased then P2Pool will support smaller miners; however, that would mean paying out to many thousands of addresses with every block (currently the max is 8,640 addresses, but many shares are owned by each of the top addresses, lowering that number).  For example, a [recent P2Pool Block]( had about 450 outputs in its coinbase transaction.
Now, if P2Pool is relatively large then there's really no need for such a frequent payout.  A 5.8 THash/s miner would expect to get a small payout with *every* block, which at a P2Pool network share of 50% would be every 20 minutes; this is excessive (aside: they would expect a double or triple payout some blocks, but no payout for others).  Meanwhile, a 2.9 TH/s miner would expect to get a payout for every block for a 3 day period, then no payout at all for about 3 days.  A low hashrate miner would get a payout every 20 mintues for 3 days then no payout for even longer.  The problem here should be obvious.
Luckily, the solution is equally obvious:  make it so that the sharechain is remembered for much longer (I would propose 7 or 14 days) and on each transaction pay out the most recent share and every Nth share before it (N is probably in the 5-70 range).  This way you can have a long history and make it so that a small miner only has to get a single share every week or two to get low variance.
Another solution would be to have N different P2Pools.  There could be a P2Pool for large miners which holds a lot of hash rate and has a short share memory and a P2Pool for smaller miners that has a relatively low hash rate and a long share memory.  This would be easier to set up but harder to manage. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:23:35
One thing to be aware of is that transaction fees are based on the amount of data in a transaction, not the amount of BTC.  If your QT wallet has 200 mBTC from 200 transactions of 1 mBTC each then sending that money requires making an *enormous* transaction with 200 inputs and 1 or 2 outputs.  If your electrum wallet has 200 mBTC from one transaction then the spending transaction will be much, much smaller.
That said, though, explanation is probably the bigger thing here--the fee is being enforced in the software, not the network. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:05:18
I don't feel that using anything *other* than percentages is fair because there are so few bitcoins in circulation.
If you go based on the number of units being put into circulation then something like Dogecoin would appear to have massive inflation while something like 42Coin would appear to have essentially none.  Also, the USD inflation would appear to be 100 times larger if you decided to choose cents as the unit of the currency instead of dollars.  Clearly this metric is almost worthless.
If you go based on the market value of the coins then you get a little bit better indication.  However, I think that percentages are more honest.  If the adoption of Bitcoin remains constant and speculation doesn't have a large effect on prices then you would expect the value of 1 BTC to drop at about the rate that the currency supply is increasing, in terms of percentages.  Similarly, if the demand for USD stays constant then you would expect the value of the USD to drop at about the speed that the currency supply increases.  The USD can absorb a much larger influx of new currency than Bitcoin while having a much smaller effect on value.
Quoting inflation rates in terms of percent per year is standard for a reason.  Using units per year is contrived and will immediately get called for its uselessness.  Using value per year is less bad, but it's still an obvious manipulation to make Bitcoin seem like it has less inflation than the relatively stable USD when it doesn't—at least not yet. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:04:21
I've got a shiny new HD 7970 that I'm going to install just as soon as my other graphics cards cool off enough that I can shuffle them around for optimal cooling now that there'll be a third card in the case.  Being able to buy a flagship graphics card for .5658 BTC that'll break even in 2-3 months hopping between various scrypt coins is a pretty ridiculous deal.
I agree.  Video cards were probably a lot of their business. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:34:45
Slow?!?  Five years ago it was nothing but a paper and a newborn network.  Four years ago was the famous pizza transaction.  Three years ago Bitcoin first hit $1.  Over the past year the price has rocketed from about $20 to being over $1000 for some time, while adoption has exploded.  I now actually meet people who know about Bitcoin (more than just dismissing it because a news anchor told them to).
There's still a long way to go, but I feel like calling the last five years "slow" is unjustified, like calling a race car slow because it's only completed the first 100 miles of a 500 mile race. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 03:06:06
It's (past) time to pull the plug. It needs to be put out of our suffering. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 10:54:28
I suppose that that is another option.  It makes more sense for the cessation of fiat withdrawals than the recent trend of Bitcoin withdrawals, but I suppose with enough force you can stop that too.
Either way, still looks bad for Mt Gox.  
@_date: 2014-12-21 20:50:09
I did intend to use the greatest readiness state, so DEFCON 1 is accurate to my intent.  The idea here being that if there is anyone who has a 160 qubit quantum computer then all it takes is the development of a new algorithm and bitcoin crumbles in an instant.  If we make it to that point and you still have coins in ECDSA addresses then you want to move that money *immediately*.  
Perhaps DEFCON 1 should be reserved for when the technology to perform the attack exists but nobody's used it (meaning that the existence of a 160 qubit computer is only Cuban Missile Crisis DEFCON 2), but the point remains—if there's significant quantum computers out there then ECDSA should be considered essentially broken. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 06:33:01
So... it's a pyramid scheme.  Thanks, but no thanks. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:55:36
Not the guy who posted above, but here's some actual reasons:
* The satellite that OP described would be be far far more expensive than he's implying.  A satellite in a geostationary orbit with 2-way communication would be quite large.  Compare, for example, to the Iridium  satellite which operates in LEO, far *far* closer than geostationary, and weighs about 1,500 pounds.  The company went bankrupt trying to launch this constellation, which ultimately wound up costing on the order of billions of dollars.  This isn't something that university funding or kickstarter will support. 
* The satellite would be relatively easy to disable.  If it allows blockchain data from everyone then it is quite susceptible to DDOS.  A satellite at this altitude would not have much bandwidth so DDOS becomes much easier.  If it only allows data from certain locations then the government just seizes those ground locations.
* Most likely, this type of satellite would be broadcast-only.  This is a really weak system and doesn't give you much (this is like the system that Jeff Garzik has announced plans to create).  While it is a lot cheaper and is technologically feasible it doesn't actually bring Bitcoin to areas that want it.  What it brings is the ability to sit on the sidelines and *watch* Bitcoin.  You need two-way communication.  Garzik's satellites only purport to be a backup in case of an internet failure, but since they're only one-way it would have to be an incredibly specific failure for that system to have any utility at all.
So you get your choice.  Either a satellite that is useful or a satellite that is practical.  You can't have both, at least with current technology.
I wouldn't say that "even the most ignorant person would realize that this isn't even in the real[m] of feasibility," but I would say that anyone with an aerospace engineering degree shouldn't be trying to pull off this kind of a project for a masters thesis.  It's just not a practical goal.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:47:01
Right now P2Pool is at about 290 TH/s (estimated just now by my local P2Pool node), about half of what it was a couple of weeks ago.  The network is estimated at about 123,000 TH/s.  So P2Pool is at about 0.24% of the network; they've just gotten lucky to show up as a full 1%.
With all the talk about pushing people towards P2Pool there's been very little actual action.  People on this sub like to talk about how great it is, but then they go and either don't have mining hardware or they do have mining hardware and they don't point it at P2Pool.  It's way too easy to just assume someone else will make the switch, but everyone makes that assumption and P2Pool is suffering.  Hopefully Petahash can boost the hashrate enough to attract miners that are being scared off by the variance. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:45:20
I will say that I have my wallet on my dropbox folder and that I'm not worried at all.  Sure, if you get your hands on it you can see what coins I hold (public keys aren't encrypted), but actually spending my coins requires you to guess my 60+ character passphrase (and it's not just a sentence from, well, anywhere).  I am more worried about a hard drive crashing than I am about having someone first break into my dropbox and *then* break my passphrase.  Seriously--they would be better served just guessing random private keys than they would using a dictionary attack. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 06:39:07
I'm surprised nobody has linked the [Bitcoin Wiki Scalability Page](  It gives a good rundown of what needs to fall into place for Bitcoin to scale to roughly match Visa's throughput.
It would require full nodes to dedicate about one full core to signature checking.  Not too crazy there, but it does put a larger strain on full nodes.  It would be very slow for new nodes to sync with the network since they can only verify transactions so fast.  Perhaps a method would need to be devised whereby a node can trust the validity of transactions without checking their signature if they are under a sufficiently deep pile of work.
Full nodes would also have to handle a pretty remarkable amount of disk IO.  A hard drive can keep up with the current transaction speed limit, but at 2,000+ transaction per second you would pretty much have to have either an enterprise level RAID of dozens of disks or a solid state drive (the latter is more likely).  The random reads and writes needed for checking all of these transactions could be handled pretty readily by solid state drives in the $XXX range.
You also have to look at the internet bandwidth requirements.  The linked rundown quotes 8 Mb/s, which seems pretty reasonable.  This, once again, places a significant strain on casual full nodes, but it isn't too bad for any node operator who is serious about running their node.
I think the biggest challenge is the storage space.  I really don't think that conventional mechanical hard drives will cut it at these transaction levels since they top out at 100-150 IOPS at the consumer level and maybe 210 IOPS at the top of the enterprise level, so you really are looking at SSD storage, which doesn't come cheap.  At the VISA level of transactions (~2,000 tps) you're looking at filling up a GB every 16 minutes, assuming each transaction is 512 bytes.  Storage space needs to get a lot cheaper and denser before this is feasible.  Luckily, flash memory seems to be getting hit by the full force of Moore's law so this should become feasible in the coming several years.
**TL;DR**:  No, not yet.  But it's not *that* far off.  Processing and Network demands are relatively low.  The demands on the storage system of a computer would be to much for any but the largest full nodes to handle, which kills decentralization. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:50:28
Right now if you bought the 5,000 cheapest bitcoins on Bitstamp the last one would run you about $700.  10,000 would take you to $1000.  So if you wanted to buy several thousand coins then you don't actually have the opportunity to buy them at $600 each, all told.
As for people paying even more than that, the only explanation I can see is if they wanted to protect holdings that are even bigger and feared someone buying them cheap and dumping them suddenly.  I doubt this describes anyone who actually bid, but it's possible I guess. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 00:48:50
I played 4 rolls back in July of 2012.  I got up by a few fractions of a Bitcoin and quit while I was ahead.  The real size comes from the fact that this wallet is about 2.5 years old and it received almost daily mining payouts over long stretches of that time.  
@_date: 2014-06-14 08:32:52
Miners are computing the complete hash, but they have to compute the hash of a block that pays out to the pool.  This prevents them from taking a good hash for themselves.
In normal, honest mining the miners report all hashes they find that are above a minimum difficulty.  The ones between that minimum difficulty and the network difficulty are just shares that prove that they are working for the network.  Shares that are above the network difficulty are reported to the pool which publishes it to mine a block.  The nature of the mining algorithm prevents a miner from looking for hashes that will get them shares without looking for hashes that will mine the block for the pool.
However, they are free to look at the hash once computed and to choose not to report it.  This is generally a bad idea for them since it causes the pool to not get that block, which would have given them a slightly higher payout.  However, the premise of pooled mining is that unlucky miners get paid for work that doesn't mine blocks so this attack is brutally effective at harming a pool.
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:38:24
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that the 3 people standing on the curb aren't the biggest threats to Gox management.  There are people with a *lot* of money tied up in Gox, and I wouldn't be surprised if one of those large stakeholders is making credible threats of violence.  Such a person is *probably* not going to stand out on the curb to get arrested.  
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:39:50
For the record, P2Pool hashrate has been absolutely tanking recently ever since the publicity that the developer isn't putting a lot of time into it because he's not really getting paid much (I assume this is the reason.  Could be anything, really).
Used to be about 600 TH/s.  Currently my node is showing 274 TH/s.  With all of the community pressure for miners to switch you'd think this would be going the other direction, but everyone just assumes someone else will join P2Pool and then makes the choice to not change since that's easier and likely gives them lower variance.
The push to get people onto P2Pool is *not working.*  At least not yet.  It sounds like Petamine will be joining which should help a lot with variance, but as far as individuals joining the pool this campaign has been a pretty bad failure so far.  If you have mining power, please *actually* make the switch.  It isn't difficult and it actually gives a better expected value than most pools since the fee is lower.  It has higher variance, but that all works out over the course of a few days or weeks anyway, and you're just as likely to get lucky as unlucky. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:29:07


But mining is broken until a new mining algorithm can be rolled out, depending on just how bad SHA-256 is broken.  If it's a full, fast preimage attack then the person who finds that attack could 51% (or, really, 99%) the network with a trivial amount of computational speed.
I think it would be interesting to see an altcoin try out the idea of having two different mining algorithms where any block could be released using either algorithm.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:43:18
Well, today I learned.
It is still important that the signing device has a sufficiently *secure* value of k, whether they get that through a random selection or through the deterministic method you've pointed out, and this remains a potential attack vector if implemented incorrectly as was the case in the Android vulnerability. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 20:53:07
How does it not make sense if you're interested in money?  I spent 0.56 BTC for a card that will easily make more than 0.56 in its lifetime.  Scaling this up to a several thousand dollar investment isn't terribly easy, but this stands to make a non-trivial return in a pretty incredible time frame.  An extra few hundred dollars worth of Bitcoin per month is a nice bump in pay.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:06:47
Bitcoin directly?  Not that I'm aware of.  The few Watts of heat dissipation works towards keeping my apartment warm in the winter, but other than that it's wasted.
There are altcoins that seek to make mining do "double duty," if you will--it is necessary to have proof-of-work mining use a significant amount of real-world resources or else it is easy to 51% attack the network.  The most widespread one of these is Primecoin, which applies the mining network to the challenge of finding record sized prime number chains; the project has broken 11 world records already.  It does this without making any compromises on decentralization.  The mining algorithm is best suited to CPUs--a GPU miner was written but it didn't perform well enough to be practical.
Searching for prime numbers isn't the most amazing use of mining heat--it would be better to be able to use protein folding or something like that--but it is a task that has all the properties a proof-of-work algorithm needs (variable difficulty, hard to find a solution but easy to check, can't start a block early, operates more like a lottery than a race, etc).  Other coins have been made to use folding (curecoin) or BOINC (gridcoin), but they make sacrifices on security or decentralization. 
Primecoin is still relatively small--market cap is currently under $6 million--but it has thus far demonstrated that a double duty proof-of-work algorithm is feasible.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:10:24
There are several different types of hardware that can theoretically be used to mine.  In the beginning, several years ago, the only hardware that was used was CPUs.  It's easy to write the software for them so they dominated the mining market for at least many months.
However, people soon realized that using a GPU to mine is quite profitable.  GPUs do excellently with highly parallel tasks and few tasks are more parallel than mining.  While GPUs take a relatively large amount of power, they also have pretty great performance.  GPUs reigned supreme for several years, and many people found that they could buy new computers loaded with GPUs and they would pay for themselves in a matter of a few months (or a few weeks in the height of the gold rush).
Eventually, though, difficulty caught up with the network and the power costs of running dozens of GPUs became significant enough that a new platform was desired.  For this people turned to FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays).  FPGAs are even more difficult to program for than GPUs are, and they aren't typically quite as fast as a high-end GPU, but they excel in power consumption--they work by tying together the right components to implement the mining algorithm in hardware.  While FPGAs are expensive to buy they are quite cheap to run.  Some FPGAs are still in service today, although their low mining speed is making it less and less profitable to use them presently.
The final step in this journey is with Application Specific Integrated Circuits, or ASICs.  These devices are made to implement the bitcoin mining algorithm directly at the silicon level--even more so than FPGAs.  Some ASICs are only moderately fast (e.g. the ASIC Miner block erupter USB sticks, which mine at ~333 MH/s), while others are blindingly fast (I've seen claims of 30 TH/s +), and they are *all* very energy efficient, to varying degrees (the 333 MH/s miner uses only 2.5 W).  You just can't compete with efficiency like that using technology that is going to take 100+ W to get only 450 MH/s.
All is not lost, though.  While the SHA-256d algorithm that Bitcoin uses has been taken to all of these nodes, there are other algorithms used for various altcoins that are still earlier in this lifespan.  For example, many altcoins use the Scrypt algorithm (e.g. Litecoin, Dogecoin, Worldcoin, Feathercoin, NovaCoin, Digitalcoin, Mincoin, BBQcoin, and others).  These altcoins may or may not be successful ultimately, but whether you believe in them or not you can still feasibly make money by mining them and selling the rewards for Bitcoin.  Dogecoin, for example, is the current best coin to mine out of that list (see  and will gross about $110/month at current market rates and difficulty, assuming a Scrypt mining speed of 450 kh/s (Scrypt is typically about 1000 times slower than SHA-256d) and not taking power costs into consideration.
There are also several coins using other mining algorithms that are still in the CPU stage (typically because they have been designed to be GPU-hostile).  Coins that come to mind here are Quark (which is practically a scam and you should steer clear of until you can identify that fact for yourself), Securecoin (a clone of Quark without the scam qualities), Protoshares, and Primecoin.  I'm personally a fan of Primecoin as its proof of work involves looking for prime numbers of a specific form, which is at least more interesting than looking for hashes and could potentially be valuable for science.
Depending on how good your CPU is you can probably mine both a CPU and a GPU coin to maximize revenue.  Even mining on altcoins is a slim-margin game, though
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:08:09
You don't detect it by looking at the transactions, since a failed double spend only releases one of the two transactions.  You are correct--that is not detectable.
You detect it by seeing a pool that suddenly has very bad luck.  During a double spend attempt you have to mine off the network, trying to get a longer chain which you release once it is 6+ blocks long *and* longer than the network chain.  Those 6 blocks are lost if the attack fails.  Externally it would appear that a pool that usually gets a block every ~20-30 minutes suddenly took a couple of hours.
Now, that will happen normally just due to the variance of the mining algorithm.  A single failed attack could easily be written off as just bad luck.  Repeatedly trying, though, should leave a statistically significant pattern of improbably bad luck.
@_date: 2014-03-03 08:50:14
That, to me, more explains why the total number of satoshis is ~2 quadrillion (as opposed to, say, 2 quintillion).  In the choice between 21 million Bitcoins and 20 million Bitcoins it doesn't make any difference--both are under the 2^53 limit (by a wide margin, actually--about a factor of 4--more than enough wiggle room to make 20 million BTC or 25 million or even 40 or 50 million perfectly valid choices).
I think that this is an example of a lucky choice being hailed as the genius of an anonymous programmer.  
@_date: 2014-08-04 16:19:09
The most obvious way to profit is by selling your services for Bitcoin as well as whatever forms of payment you currently accept.  It's incredibly easy to set up and it could open you up to different markets.
As to your second question:  no, you don't need a physical address.  You will need a Bitcoin address, but that's entirely digital like an email address.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:16:30
I wouldn't peg this on ASICs--at least not entirely.  I've been mining Bitcoin for over 2 years now and I've seen several different pools have 51% scares--some of them even broke the 50% barrier.  
The end result of pooled mining is centralization.  Pools are incentivized to compete and miners want to be in the biggest pool--that is the one that will give the lowest variance.  When a pool offers the best fees or features people will flock to it, either unaware of or apathetic to the security concerns of centralization.
What we need is a solution that makes pools unnecessary.  P2Pool is a start, but it still causes *way* too much variance for the average miner and its variance actually goes up as the pool gets bigger. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:19:46


We're using 256 bit ECC keys, which can already be broken in O(2^n/2 ) time (i.e. 2^128 possibilities) assuming you're not using a brute force attack and know the public key (Bitcoin addresses hide that behind SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160).  If looking at the code could reduce that to, say, O(2^n/8 ) then there's a real chance of finding the keys in a reasonable amount of time.  It's an outside chance, but it's also a whole lot of money so it's worth looking in to at least--if the keys were actually incorrectly generated, that is. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 01:42:18


With exceptions of things like https everywhere or perhaps adblock plus, you really shouldn't trust any extension on your hot wallet's computers' browser, *especially* if you're going to Coinbase.  You should be especially suspicious of any software that is made specifically for cryptocurrency, since the developers of such software can be pretty certain that you are a cryptocurrency user and thus a more likely target.
For that matter, it would be wise to use at least an incognito window (Ctrl + Shift + N, at least in Chrome), although a different browser entirely could be better (e.g. chrome for regular use, firefox for Coinbase); a virtual machine is remarkably easy to set up with free VirtualBox software and can make you even safer, and a full separate machine is not unreasonable for people who are either paranoid or who have a lot to lose.
I'm sorry for your loss, OP.  I hope your loss can be the wakeup call people need in order to take steps to secure their coins better. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 07:26:32
How about placing posts from new accounts into a purgatory type of state--they aren't visible but they also aren't flat-out deleted.  The mods can periodically scan through these posts and allow ones that aren't spam.  Just making this change would probably cut down on the amount of spam and the only collateral damage would be that some posts have to wait a few minutes before they are visible.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:09:37
I don't believe that Electrum can open QT wallets.  You could download QT and import the wallet there, then send the coins over to Electrum, but if the whole point is to use Electrum to avoid having to download the whole blockchain then you may want to look into using a program like pywallet to extract the private keys from your wallet.dat and import them into Electrum.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:04:56
Bitcoin cannot work equally well at $1 and $1000 for one major reason:  if Bitcoin is $1 then there is only up to $12,000,000 in value that can be held at any time or used to transact business.  There are many individuals who favor the use of Bitcoin for conducing business for various reasons (anonymity, ease of sending over national borders, speed, general ease of use, low fees, irreversibility).  When they do this they have to hold the Bitcoins for some period of time--even if they're converting to a national currency immediately there is still some time during which either the buyer or the seller is holding the coins.  If Bitcoin is $1000 then there is a lot more commerce that can be done in Bitcoin than if the price were $1.  That is the ultimate motivation for price.
I'll certainly agree that many people are holding Bitcoin for speculative reasons, but I think you'll find that the "95%" number is inflated--a great many users are into Bitcoin because we see great value in the technology and the attitude I've observed here is to squelch overly speculative discussion while warning newcomers that it isn't a way to get rich.  Speculative holding contributes largely to price, but that does not indicate a fundamental flaw--many people hold their savings in USD and that contributes to its purchasing power but you don't see people citing that as evidence that the USD is a Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:34:19
Quantum Computers *do* speed up the reversal of a hash function, but it isn't enough to be dangerous.  For example, Shor's algorithm can be used to break N-bit RSA in O(N^3 ) time (as opposed to a brute force which takes O(2^N ) or O(exp((64/9 b)^1/3 (log(b))^2/3 )) with GNFS).  That makes a 256 bit key only 8 times more secure than a 128 bit key (instead of 2^128 times more secure, assuming a brute-force attack).  A 256 bit key is only about 16.7 million times more secure than a 1-bit key, which obviously falls in an instant.  A variant of Shor's algorithm is usable against ECC with similar performance.
Reversing a hash function, however, uses Grover's algorithm.  A non-quantum brute force reversal of an N-bit hash requires O(2^N ) time.  Using Grover's algorithm that drops to O(2^(N/2) ).  That is to say that a 256 bit hash is roughly as secure against a quantum computer as a 128 bit hash is against a digital computer, or still very secure.  
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:08:10
There is no algorithm at all.  If it were algorithmic then it wouldn't be random.  The private keys are taken from the system's source of random numbers, which is typically harvested from things like mouse movement or measurement of hardware (e.g. temperatures or fan speeds and the like).  On unix systems that is /dev/random. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:22:51
Note that you are still joining a centralized pool this way.  The person who owns elizium is directing your hashing, just like the owner of any other pool would do.  They're just directing that hashing at P2Pool for you, but if they gathered lots of hashing power then they could use it for evil just like if they weren't directing it at P2Pool.  It's certainly better than joining a huge pool, but this is still just plane old pooled mining for most purposes.
If you want to *actually* be a peer in p2pool it's still very easy, but it requires running a full Bitcoin node (which many probably already do).  Run Bitcoin-QT or Bitcoind, launch the p2pool software (available [here]( and point your miner at the computer you ran it from.  You may have to forward a port from your router, but that's pretty easy, too.
Alternatively, there's the all-in-one P2Pool miner that's been floating around for a couple of days which bundles cgminer 3.1 with P2Pool.  That may be easier to run instead, but it's a younger program and hasn't had the time to be fully vetted yet. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:20:48
I have more addresses than I care to deal with, some of which it would be a pain to change (e.g. I don't want to switch to a new pool but have an address locked).  I'm pretty sure my computer can handle a 1.9 MB file.  Could be fun to resurrect an old computer that has a floppy drive, though.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:58:18
The total is just the result of what happens when you calculate it out using all of the other parameters.  Satoshi decided to make the reward halve every 4 years (seems pretty reasonable), to have a block every 10 minutes (worked well so far and has managed to keep orphan blocks down while keeping confirmation times manageable), and to have the initial reward be 50 BTC (completely arbitrary, but it's a nice round number).
When you work out the math from all of this it turns out that you arrive at 21 million.  You could tweak the numbers to arrive at 20 million (or any other number you want), but you wind up with convoluted numbers for the other parameters.  If you want a nice round number of coins then the number you need to round is actually the number of minutes in a year--that's what causes the coin cap to not be a nice round number.  Changing the number of minutes in a year, though, is not terribly popular--if nothing else it makes a song in *Rent* make a whole lot less sense. 
As it is the numbers *were* rounded a little bit.  The reward halving is every 210,000 blocks, a hair shorter than a perfect 4 years, but close enough for all practical purposes (the fact that blocks aren't *exactly* 10 minutes each causes a larger difference most likely).
As for the math, it's 50 BTC/block \* 210,000 blocks/reward period (time between halving) = 10,500,000 BTC.  The reward follows a geometric series with a ratio of 0.5 (i.e. each 4 years the total number of coins produced is half as many as the 4 years prior), which means the total is 10,500,000/(1-0.5), or 21,000,000.  The number 210,000 was chosen as 365 days/year \* 24 hours/day \* 6 blocks/hour \* 4 years = 210,240;  That value was rounded to 210,000.  Rounding all the way down to 200,000 would have shortened the period further.  
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:35:08
I mentioned that towards the end of my comment:


The problem here is that while Grover's algorithm is proven to be optimal at searching an unsorted database (which is what a hash function can be modeled as) it is *not* proven to be optimal at computing collisions on a hash function.  Modeling a hash function as an unsorted database discards information about the hash which could lead to substantially faster solutions. 
Considering the fact that this area of research is so young—Grover's algorithm was discovered in 1996; Shor's in 1994—it seems quite possible that a more efficient quantum algorithm could be developed which breaks RIPEMD-160 or hash functions in general (perhaps with some caveats about what operations the hash function is performing).
Then again, simply breaking RIPEMD-160 is not enough to steal coins.  That just exposes SHA256 of the public key (or, rather, it provides a number such that if you can find a public key that hashes to that number with SHA256 then you can transfer the coins with the corresponding private key; there's no guarantee that such a key exists).  However, if the knowledge to break RIPEMD-160 with a 160 qubit computer was developed then every address is vulnerable to Shor's algorithm, not just reused ones.
I should point out, though, that if a hash function preimage algorithm is developed that can attack RIPEMD-160 then it's likely that the same general approach will allow the development of an algorithm that can attack the full bitcoin address generation algorithm, which can be taken to be a 160 bit cryptographic hash function that happens to keep an internal state of at least 256 bits at some stages of the computation.  
This is similar in principle to the fact that Shor's algorithm was developed to factor integers but it can be used in ECDSA to "factor" an entirely different operation from multiplication (the group operation used to jump from one point to another on the elliptic curves).  Similarly, an algorithm that can efficiently find preimages of hash functions would likely have some set of operations that it can work on (which hopefully includes AND, OR, NOT, and XOR, at which point it can be used on any deterministic algorithm).  In that sense bitcoinAddress(privateKey) is just another hash function with a different arrangement of logical operations. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:19:21
If two miners have the same transaction list then they may order them the same or differently, but they will always have at least one transaction different:  the mining reward transaction which generates coins and sends them to the miner's address.  That single transaction difference is sufficient to make the Merkle Root completely different for the two miners.  
Miners incorporate different transactions based on a set of rules.  In general a miner will include a high-fee, low-size transaction because the miner gets the fee and the small size will not slow down the propagation of their block very much.  Those are the only things that directly affect the miner, but miners also look at how much a transaction is spending and how long ago the coins last moved ("Bitcoin Days Destroyed").  If these values are large then it is unlikely that the transaction is spam meant to bloat the blockchain so the transaction is given a larger priority.  A low-value transaction spending coins that moved recently looks a lot like spam so it gets a low priority.
As for "solving for the first 10," that's sort of what goes on.  Miners have a queue of transactions needing to be confirmed.  They pull the first N transactions off the queue and build a block for them then start looking for a solution.  If more transactions come in then the miner can build a new block that includes those transactions too and effortlessly switch from mining on one block of transactions to another.  Most miners won't build a new block and switch instantly, but even switching every 10 seconds wouldn't cause any big issues. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 05:33:35
Looks safe to me.  The QR code on the inside is the public key.  Couldn't get the one on the outside to scan (unless it really is supposed to just be a number, about 12 digits long, but I think my QR reader glitched).
@_date: 2014-01-30 21:57:59
In altcoins, yes.  In Bitcoin even if you neglect the cost of electricity you will still probably not make back the cost of hardware (at least not any time soon).  It can be profitable to build an altcoin mining rig, but don't count on it--it takes a fair amount of research to get the right stuff and even then it takes some luck (if altcoins crash then you're SOL).  
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:05:57
There are different measures of money supply.  M1, for example, includes physical money (coins and currency) as well as things like checking accounts (so fractional reserve banking can contribute to M1's size).
In the US M1 has grown from $2,793.8 billion to $2,834.8 billion over the last two months reported on [this]( page (May to June, 2014).  This jump appears slightly higher than normal, but it isn't an extreme outlier.
Converting that figure to dollars per day gives about $1.3 billion/day.  This is about 0.047% per day.  Compare this to Bitcoin's daily production of 3,600 BTC (assuming 10 minute blocks) which is about $1.39 million/day, or 0.027% per day.  
Picking a different month for the USD gives different results, though.  Going from April to May, for example, gives only $0.53 billion/day, or 0.019%/day.  Also, you could look at the differences using a broader definition of the money supply (e.g. M2, which includes savings deposits, or even M3 which includes time deposits and short-term repurchase agreements).
Ultimately Bitcoin's money supply increases are *kind of* close to being on par with national currencies.  Bitcoin's money supply is still increasing at about 10%/year right now, but it's slowing down every day. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:12:38
I sold off some a couple months ago through coinbase.  Quick and painless with low fees.
I've also bought various items with Bitcoin, the most recent being a Radeon HD 7970 from Tiger Direct.  Also quick and painless with low fees (if any fees; don't remember).
If the value of Bitcoins went to zero right now then I would still have made a net profit off of my involvement with it.  I am far from alone in this position.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:57:53
If you're looking at all publicly known or conceivable conventional (i.e. non-quantum, non ASIC) computers then yes, it checks out.  On [Bitcoin Watch]( the network speed is estimate at 301 ExaFLOPS, which is silly since Bitcoin doesn't use floating point operations, but it's a good estimate of how much GPU power you'd have to use in order to generate the same hash rate.  The fastest supercomputer in the world comes in at 54 PetaFLOPS (1000 PetaFLOPS = 1 ExaFLOPS).  Performance drops off sharply from there--number 2 comes in at only 27 PetaFLOPS, 3 "only" has 20 PetaFLOPS, and 4 and 5 are the only others to break 10 PetaFLOPS with 11 and 10, respectively.
Now, if the NSA has a crapload of ASICs for SHA256d then they may have a shot, but this difficulty attack really isn't an attack to worry about--if they have enough hashing power to double the difficulty then they have enough to destroy the network much more directly (i.e. 51% attack).  Doubling the difficulty would be inconvenient for miners, but not terribly destructive compared to what they could have done with that much power. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 05:16:17
At its core Bitcoin is just a list of accounts with balances, very much like the one that a bank keeps.  You can send money from your account to someone else's and it works just like you'd expect--your balance goes down and theirs goes up.  I should point out that these accounts don't hold Dollars or Pounds or Euros, but Bitcoins, which have no physical existence, but most Dollars don't have a physical existence either--they're just numbers in a bank's computer.
There are some differences between Bitcoin and a bank, though.  For one, it is decentralized.  There is no physical Bitcoin bank that you can go to and shut down (if, for example, you're the government).  The Bitcoin network is probably one of the most redundant networks on the planet--I'd guess there are probably in the neighborhood of a quarter million copies of the full blockchain, so taking the Bitcoin network out would be tantamount to destroying the internet itself.
Also, it is not inherently regulated.  Want to set up a bank account?  You need picture IDs and other documents, then you have to sit with a Bank representative (during business hours, of course), and so on.  With Bitcoin if you want to set up an account you just have to flip a coin 256 times and you're done (or, more typically, let your computer do the coin flipping for you).  Want to move lots of money around the world on short notice in the middle of the night?  No problem.
Another aspect is that Bitcoin is nearly anonymous (it's technically "pesudonymous," as you use a pseudonym as an identity).  This is highly valued for anyone ranging from a narcotics dealer to a person who just doesn't like Big Brother watching their every move.
One aspect that many in the general population aren't so acutely aware of is that transactions are irreversible.  If I write you a check and you go and deposit it at your bank then I can go and place a stop payment on that check quite a long time in the future (a few weeks, I think).  Similarly, if a scammer buys something with their credit card they can steal back their money by issuing a chargeback; this form of fraud is a nuisance to business owners.  I understand ebay/PayPal are notorious for this type of thing.  Bitcoin eliminates this.
A final aspect to mention (there are others, but they are more minor) is that Bitcoin is limited--there are only 21 million Bitcoins possible.  This is in contrast to national currencies like the US Dollar where the supply is not fixed--more dollars can be placed into circulation at any time.
Thus, Bitcoin has value because it is useful in all of these different scenarios, in the same way that a Dollar is valuable because you can use it to buy things.  If your nation's currency is devaluing quickly and your government suddenly starts placing large restrictions on withdrawals from banks then you suddenly have a need for something that is more open and free.  
As to the notion of computers earning money, that exists to solve two problems.  Firstly, if you note in the above description it only describes how money moves from person to person.  Currency has to enter circulation somewhere.  Thus, people running their computers are awarded with newly "minted" Bitcoins.  The minting rate wanes over time so that the total supply doesn't exceed 21 million.  The process--"mining"--is named for this effect since it resembles the way in which a precious metal enters circulation. 
The other purpose is more important, though.  Note how there are many thousands of different copies of the public ledger.  If everyone said something different then the system wouldn't work--everyone has to agree.  That is what the miners are doing--they are making the whole network come to a consensus in a manner that is nearly impossible to hack, except by directing more computing power at it than the rest of the world combined.
If you're interested in a more technical overview I can provide that as well, but from a general overview Bitcoin is worth money because it is scarce (supply) and useful (demand). 
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:51:36
It wasn't nearly as instant as the crash in April, nor was it quite as severe (April was what, 80% of the value in a few hours?).  The drop from $1200 to $500 was certainly a crash, it just wasn't in quite the same form as the previous one. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:53:52
The benefits of mining and the benefits of running a node are different.  If you're running a full node then that doesn't make other people running full nodes become significantly less likely to stop running their node.  However, when you mine you are claiming some of the finite mining revenue, so you are encouraging the least profitable profit-driven miners to drop out.
With that said, though, mining with a laptop is so laughably slow these days that it has essentially no effect.  Even getting things like the USB ASICs is too slow to make any appreciable difference.  For comparison, there are around 7,000 nodes according to [this]( site, so if you added your own node then you represent about 0.015% of the network.  Not huge, but it's something.  On the other hand, if you got 5 of the Antminer U2s (2 GH/s each; 10 GH/s total) then you represent about 0.000003% of the network.  If 100,000 people all grabbed 10 GH/s and brought it online then the speed would increase by less than 1%, and that's *before* people dropped out due to the decreased revenue. 
Mining has been hit by such extreme increases in speed that it just isn't worth it to use older, slower hardware; the benefit is just too small.  If you want to mine as a hobby at these speeds then go right ahead, but it's not helping the network by any appreciable amount. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:49:06
Wrong explanation is wrong.  Transaction malleability cannot gank coins on its own and it isn't even relevant here.  It's just a normal transaction with a change address.  
@_date: 2014-04-06 02:57:34
Relaying rules fall completely within soft fork territory.  Hard fork changes involve anything where pre- and post-fork nodes disagree about whether a block is valid.  If they just disagree about whether or not peers should be informed of a transaction but they agree about its validity then there is no capacity for a hard fork. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:54:15
Yeah, I think I confused myself writing that comment.  Everyone mining on P2Pool isn't a reasonable alternate to mining pools, though, since variance gets higher the larger the pool is.
I think that having several different P2Pools would be reasonable, with the ability to detect that an in-pool attack is happening and immediately switch to a different P2Pool.  With several different P2Pools people could choose one to mine on where they can get a share in a reasonable time based on their hash rate, thereby making it so that everyone can get a reasonably low variance without making every block have way too many outputs in the generation transaction. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:53:38
There is a document that was leaked.  A person on IRC claiming (somewhat credibly) to be Kerpales stated that it was "more or less" accurate but that it did not come from within Mt Gox itself.  It is unclear whether he was acknowledging the accuracy of the statement about theft or the other contents of the document.  There's plenty of room to doubt the claim of theft made by the document, especially when it comes to the amount that was claimed. 
There has been no official word from Mt Gox about... well... much of anything. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:43:33
For the uninformed, the .jar extension is a java archive.  It can be directly executed on any system that has java installed.
I would be amazed if this is anything but malicious.  I would also be curious to see the jar decompiled.  Probably has the attacker's address and I'm curious if he's received anything. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:44:12


Yes.  You can look through various addresses on Blockchain.info and see that there are many addresses that have received payment multiple times.  All transactions are a matter of public record but their anonymity is protected by identifying them only by obscure addresses.  did a good job at explaining anonymity concerns with address reuse, but that's not the complete sotry (it is, however, the most important aspect, at least for now).
It is probable that in the next decade or so we will start to see quantum computers emerging.  There have been various demonstrations of quantum computers with a few qubits, and it's reasonable to expect quantum computers to get more powerful over time (and conceivable that an entity like the NSA or CIA, which have a long history of being at the cutting edge of code breaking, have a quantum computer already).  What can a quantum computer do?  It can take the problem of deriving the private key from the public key and work it out in a tiny fraction of the time--instead of taking billions of times the age of the universe it may take minutes, hours, or days.  This would have *huge* repercussions for technology in all sorts of applications, Bitcoin included.
However, addresses that aren't reused would be safe from this type of attack--it is commonly stated that public addresses are public keys, but that's an oversimplification.  An address is generated from a public key using several rounds of various cryptographic hash functions (the same type of function used in mining; mining uses SHA256, while making an address uses SHA256 and RIPEMD-160).  The use of cryptographic hash functions helps to obfuscate what the actual public key is, and quantum computers aren't particularly effective at reversing hash functions (they offer a nice speedup, but not nearly enough to break a hash with a reasonable bit length).  When you send money from an address you have to publish the public key, though.  That removes the need to reverse the hash function for an attacker that wants to find your private key.
If you only ever receive with an address you can receive many times without any problem, but as soon as you send coins from that address anyone with a 256 bit quantum computer (which is, hopefully, nobody) can derive the private key and steal any coins to that address in the future.  If you discard an address as soon as you send from it then an attacker only has a short window to derive the private key and publish a competing transaction trying to steal your money; the network would likely ignore that transaction since it would come substantially later than than your honest transaction.  
This type of attack is entirely hypothetical at this point--nobody has publicly demonstrated a quantum computer even close to being powerful enough to attack 256 bit ECC--so you *probably* don't have to worry.  It's probably best practice to not reuse wallet addresses, though, just to be safe for the eventuality of substantial quantum computers hitting the market.  
I should point out that the same type of attack could also be carried out if someone found a way to defeat ECC (i.e. find the private key given only the public key) using conventional digital computers.  This is essentially what happened to Android-based wallets a few months back--the ECC procedure includes choosing a random number as one of the inputs; if that number isn't random then you can derive the private key.  A handful of people who reused addresses on their Android devices had their coins stolen (the particular exploit required them to send coins from the same address twice using the same random number, then to receive more coins at the same address).  This type of incident would have been prevented if addresses were treated as disposable.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:05:52
People can add or cancel orders whenever they want.  The last price will be just that--the last price that the buyers and sellers agreed upon.  If a buyer and seller agree on a price of $710 and then everyone decides that the market is going to move up and the sellers retract all offers up to $750 and buyers place bids up to $740 then no trades take place but the new bid/ask levels are suddenly much higher.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:02:24
The transactions would be visible on [this]( page as long as Gox's transaction and the duplicate transaction are still competing, but once the duplicate transaction gets confirmed the network forgets about the original transaction (since it is then invalid).  This is a necessary step since otherwise an attacker could make a million versions of the same transaction and send it to everyone and clog up the pipes.  Only valid transactions get included in the blockchain.
I'm fairly certain people saw many examples of transaction malleability being exploited once the news broke and people knew what to look for (i.e. two transactions with the same inputs, the same outputs, the same amounts, but different txids).  Only Mt Gox could identify which transactions were being used against them by looking at their records, but I don't think they're likely to be talking (and if they did I wouldn't trust anything they say).  
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:04:14
Oh, I'm sure you don't want it.  My point was that it is a viable theoretical attack.  It could equally be said that a pool would not want to execute a 51% attack against Bitcoin but the fact that they could do it is enough to generate a reasonable concern.
I'm sure you have the best intentions in the world, and I commend you for putting together probably the largest mining cluster P2Pool has ever had.  One of the strengths of Bitcoin, though, is not having to trust in anonymous people's intentions. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:36:27
As points out, this isn't really a practical capability of a microsatellite.  If your undergrad education didn't teach you that much then I weep for your graduate experience.  I say this with the background of having an Aerospace Engineering degree myself. 
On top of that, your whole premise is flawed.  Sure, a satellite out at a geostationary orbit cannot be shut down, but it has to have a ground station that it's communicating with; that ground station will sit in a country.  Goodbye independence.  Turns out you *can* stop the signal.  Perhaps your goal is to get the Bitcoin network into a country from a neighboring one, but if that's the case then a ground-based antenna is a hell of a lot more practical.
On top of *that*, you really only get the ability to send signals to the ground like the GPS satellites do.  You could have two-way communication, but then you're looking at per-kb costs on par with the Iridium network.  I doubt that this is a sustainable business model, so you're left with just broadcasting the blockchain.  That's OK for redundancy, but it doesn't provide all of the full node services that you would want.  Since two-way communication is impractical you're left with the problem that a ground-based node that shuts off misses a big chunk of the blockchain just like someone missing their favorite show from broadcast television.  What you would need is a "TiVo" of the blockchain that could be queried as necessary.  Oh wait, that's what we already have.
Garzik's cubesats are the closest thing to making your idea practical but they really don't supply that much benefit  (they are at least a feasible technology, though).  They're as much a publicity stunt as anything.  They aren't enough to replace an internet connection so you've got no benefit there.  The scenario where the internet is disabled just enough that they are useful but not so much that Bitcoin is outright destroyed is incredibly remote.
This idea is about as practical as the Solar Roadways one.  Sure, we have the technology to accomplish it in theory, but it isn't economically feasible, doesn't give a particularly strong benefit, and there are other obvious solutions to the same problem that would be much much better.  Still, though, it has enough buzzwords that I bet some poor fools will donate before realizing how dumb of an idea it actually is. 
Has your research adviser agreed to this nonsense?
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:11:34
My wallet.dat file is 1.9 MB.  It literally wouldn't fit on a 1.44 MB floppy disk.  Wow.  
@_date: 2014-01-11 23:16:12
Exactly.  Bitcoin appears complicated because it is simple enough that an individual with relatively little technical background can come to a complete understanding of the whole system within a very short time.  
Fiat appears simple because it's so complicated that there's no point in trying to understand where everything goes unless you're willing to spend substantial time in learning about what *exactly* the Fed does.
I'd wager that &gt;99% of people who claim that Bitcoin is complicated have little to no idea how the USD actually works. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:03:48
Which is about 15-20 minutes before this Reddit post was made, assuming GMT.  If the timestamp is from a Japanese time zone then there's a few hours difference, but I don't know what that's really supposed to show.  Looks to me like the PDF was created then uploaded.  Am I missing something?  I mean, the contents of the PDF are interesting--in the sense that they don't answer any questions--but the timing doesn't seem terribly relevant. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:00:21
Exactly.  It is bad advice to buy a lottery ticket on a regular basis with the expectation of winning more than you spend.  Winning the lottery does not mean that the advice was stupid or wrong.
There are a lot of things that can do a lot of harm to Bitcoin.  I hope they don't, and I'm betting based on that hope, but it's a risky bet with a high payoff if I'm right and I can handle losing my bet if I'm wrong.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:43:22
Their press release basically admits that people have managed to steal bitcoins from them and mentions that this has been happening for a while ("MtGox has detected unusual activity on its Bitcoin wallets and performed investigations during the past weeks").  What makes you think that they have the coins to cover your deposit?
You've been scammed a couple of times + 1 now.  Good luck.
@_date: 2014-01-25 22:59:08
I'm going through middlecoin.com which automatically exchanges the dogecoin for me (and switches once something else becomes more profitable).  Should be about 4800 DOGE/day (.0107 BTC/day; $8.68/day) for that card alone.
@_date: 2014-03-05 09:36:23
Ok.... hour later and I have some numbers for you.  I went through the entire blockchain (and other sources) and added up all of the difficulties.  Each set of 2016 blocks has the same difficulty as each other, so I just polled every 2016 blocks.  Difficulty is a nice linear function, so you can just add it all up.  I found that the sum of difficulties of every 2016th block is:  20 500 619 203.
From there we can find the total difficulty of *all* blocks.  For simplicity I'm doing the calculations from the perspective of when we finish the current round of 2016.  We just take the previous number and multiply by 2016, giving:  4.13292 \* 10^13 .  This is OK to do since finding 1 block at difficulty &gt;2 is just as hard as finding two blocks at difficulty &gt;1.  Thus, all of the work of the whole blockchain is roughly equivalent to finding a single block at difficulty 4.13292 \* 10^13 .
From here we need to know the number of hashes.  It's 2^32 hashes for a difficulty 1 block, so we multiply the previous number by 2^32 .  That gives:  1.77508 \* 10^23 hashes (about one hash for every atom in a couple of grams of carbon).
From here our assumptions get less solid--everything up to this point is pretty well set in stone, but at this point I have to make best guesses.  The first guess is how efficient our ASIC is going to be.  Looking at the [mining hardware comparison]( suggests that about the best we are going to do is about 1.5 GH/J.  Thus, we can divide our number of hashes by 1 500 000 000 to get the number of Joules of energy we need to expend.  That gives:  1.18339 \* 10^14 Joules.
For power consumption it is most convenient to work in kWh (which, as an aside, is a bloody stupid unit.  MJ would be *much* better and it's on the same order of magnitude).  There's 3 600 000 J in one kWh, so that leaves us with: 32 871 809 kWh.  At this point our next assumption comes in:  power costs.  I'll assume an optimistic $0.07 per kWh, which leaves us with:  **2.301 million dollars for power alone.***
I have to admit I'm shocked at how low that is, but keep in mind how ridiculously optimistic these calculations are.  Even FPGAs can't even hold a candle to that power efficiency--they max out at around 0.02 GH/J.  GPUs are even worse, seldom breaking 0.002 GH/J.  CPUs bring up the end of the pack, with 0.000 2 and down.  Also, Power costs are likely much higher than the $0.07 I assumed, although the jump here isn't nearly as big--probably not more than a factor of 2 for most people (although the power for fans and air conditioning has been neglected).
As for hardware costs, that's a tricky subject because a single ASIC could eventually carry out all of the hashing (neglecting hardware life).  If we used a single 2 TH/s miner (seems to be the upper end of hash rates for a single system) then it would take 2814 years to run through all of the hashes in question.  If you wanted to do it in the ~5 years years that Bitcoin has existed then you'd need 562 machines.  The 2 TH/s machines seem to be going for somewhere in the neighborhood of $6000 each, so that's an additional ~3 million dollars.  Bear in mind that this neglects the cost of things like shipping, housing, paying someone to manage them, power supplies, routers, etc.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:09:08
That would have to be implemented on the user side; a bot can't see what you upvote.  If a large number of people did this then the tip bot would probably need a way of running independent of passing messages through Reddit.  It would also probably need fewer confirmation/verification messages—if a post gets a few dollars worth of tips from upvotes a few cents at a time then it's probably not worth generating a new message for each one. 
Good concept, though.  Probably best suited for a RES/changetip collaboration. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:56:26
My keyboard doesn't have a µ key on it and while *I* know how to pronounce it I don't trust everyone else to, especially when most people are going to just approximate it with a u.
"Milli-" and "Micro-" are similar enough that some people are going to get them mixed up.  It's also cumbersome to get all the way through "millibitcoin" or "microbitcoin" (4 syllables each) as opposed to something short.
Of all the current options I think "mikes" is the most likely to be a crowd-pleaser.  It's a short word like "bits" so it has that going for it.  It has an etymological background in the SI prefixes that some people know and love, and it even presents opportunities for Bitcoin branding with "Bitcoin Mike" going around throwing mikes to people.  I don't think there's an especially famous Michael to be confused with and there's no context I can think of where calling µBTC mikes would lead to ambiguity.
@_date: 2014-06-29 02:09:14
Looking into this it would appear you're correct.  I don't recall where it was that I read that transactions are only sent upon request.  I think I got my wires crossed.
Nodes will not re-check the signature of these transactions, at least, and transactions aren't sent multiple times to the same node when the transaction itself is propagating (a node advertises it has the transaction, but the peer doesn't request it in full unless they need it), but blocks do get sent with full transaction data, according to the [protocol specification]( page on the wiki. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:14:59
Good idea!  Overloading the term "bits" wasn't confusing enough, so we should probably make it so that 1,000,000 Bitcoins (XBT) = 1 Bitcoin (BTC).  While we're at it let's also define 1,000 Bitcoins (XBT) = 1 Bitcoin (BCN) = 0.001 Bitcoin (BTC).  We don't need a new name for anything!  Everything can be a bitcoin!
This is moving in the wrong direction.  We need well-defined names that refer unambiguously to units of currency.  Redefining words that are already in common use is a terrible idea.
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:09:33
No.... the opposite of that.  Trustless transfers make Bitcoin quite expensive.
Each Bitcoin transaction right now carries a cost of about $15, although over the last few years that number has varied by about an order of magnitude in either direction ([graph](  The seemingly low fee comes from the fact that about 99.8% of that cost gets absorbed by everyone who holds bitcoins, in the form of inflation.  Bitcoin is currently releasing coins at a rate that corresponds to about 9% per year, which is several times what you'd see in a healthy developed fiat currency.
Running a massive grid of miners in order to reduce your need for trust is a very expensive operation.  If you don't pay the miners then they won't mine and you're left with a system that is untrustable.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:19:11
Excellent; TIL.  I proposed a similar but less-elegant solution to this problem a while back.  Good to see that the core devs are on the ball. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 03:35:25
I really like all of advice, especially the point on this sub being crazy.  There are lots of reasonable people here, but also a lot of people who should probably get out more, and the latter group is more vocal.
The big thing I would add is that you should try to learn.  I feel like the biggest thing that stands in the way of Bitcoin adoption is knowledge:  there seem to be far more opponents to Bitcoin who oppose it due to some misconception or misunderstanding than there are people who fully understand it and make legitimate complaints (although there are some legitimate weaknesses).  Bitcoin can be a great platform to learn about all sorts of cool technology, especially cryptography.  Bitcoin may seem complicated but that's only because it's new and because the whole system is visible—few people on the streets could tell you how the modern banking system works; by comparison Bitcoin is downright simple.  Don't be in too big of a rush to cram everything in and don't get overwhelmed, but always try to learn more.
If you wind up with any questions about how Bitcoin works and don't feel like they're being well-received on there's always There are lots of people who browse that sub who love to help new users understand the finer points of Bitcoin's design. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 05:35:28
[Sell Sell Sell!!!]( 
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:39:38
Even the Japanese are 3 orders of magnitude less than that—550 million Yen is worth about 5 million dollars.  I sincerely *hope* you didn't pay that much for a TV.
The truth of the matter is that "bits" or "μBTC" or whatever you want to call them is still an impractically small unit.  It may not be at some point in the future, but for right now it just is.
I get the argument that things should be changed now before there's more adoption and it's harder to change, but that's getting ahead of ourselves.  The most practical unit right now is probably the mBTC (or come up with a fancy name for it), since that's closest to parity with the Dollar, Euro, Pound, etc, of any logical division.  
@_date: 2014-03-22 12:25:08
0.000 01 BTC (i.e. 0.01 mBTC), which is about 0.5-0.6 cents presently, as of the release of Bitcoin version 0.9.0, although your transaction will be confirmed faster if you go with 0.000 1 BTC (0.1 mBTC) which is 5-6 cents--still a fraction of Visa's fees, even in the most optimistic case.
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:03:02
The thing people are missing here is that this doesn't need much trust.  An attack using this would be very expensive and not effective.  When you send the block header you include a reference to the previous block's hash and all of the data that goes into SHA256d.  
A header that does not reference the most recent block can be quickly ignored.  A header that does not have a valid proof of work can be quickly discarded.  The worst someone can do with this is putting in a lot of work to produce a block that confuses miners for a couple of seconds until they receive the block in full; the current system has already demonstrated that this data can be sent that quickly. I don't see anything that an attacker can do with this gap, since in the current system that hashing time is wasted anyway.
The big problem I see is that in order for the miners to start working on the next block they have to select the transactions they want to use, which means they have to know which transactions are in the previous block.  This means that the node that finds a block has to broadcast at least the header and the list of TXIDs that went into it so that the other miners can remove those TXIDs from their list of unconfirmed transactions.  Most of the time this is sufficient since they will already have most of these transactions in full—if a node knows transactions that it wants to include in a block then it will broadcast them immediately so that it doesn't have to broadcast them when the block is found.
At that point it just doesn't make sense to try to reduce the data sent with a block any further.  The only transactions that are in a block that likely haven't been sent already are the ones that are more likely to be fraudulent (e.g. non-standard transactions or double spends that didn't get propagated).  These are the ones you'd *most* like to check before accepting that a new block is valid.
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:41:50


Most of the population doesn't even know what a Bitcoin *is*, much less a bit.  The horse hasn't bolted—it's still a foal in the pasture growing up.
Also, I'm not worried about the IT people getting confused with their bits; if anyone can handle the ambiguity then I think it's them—they're known for the logical thinking their jobs require which should make it quite easy for them to deal with two well-defined definitions to a word.  Honestly I'm not worried about anyone who's already inside of the Bitcoin ecosystem—it's an easy enough convention to learn once and to deal with. 
The people I'm worried about are all the people who either haven't heard about Bitcoin or who haven't learned about Bitcoin; these people are still the super-majority.  Essentially everyone I've known who I've talked to about Bitcoin has had a very strong knee-jerk reaction against it when they first learned of it, including myself.  So many things about it just seem contrary to what we're used to, so it's natural as a defense mechanism to assume that it's harmful.  That's where claims of Bitcoin as a Ponzi or a Pyrimid Scheme come from—not well well reasoned arguments but reactions based on false assumptions.
When the most popular and visible unit of the currency offers the potential for people to make a false assumption you decrease the odds that people will take Bitcoin seriously.  It's not too much of a stretch to imagine a person like the one I linked who has seen that 1 BTC is hundreds of dollars and then seems a claim that someone is tipping hundreds of bits and to incorrectly assume that they are claiming to tip thousands of dollars.  At that point they would be insane to immediately believe what they've seen, so something has to go from their world model—that Bitcoins are worth hundreds of dollars, that bits are bitcoins, that the tipping platform is legitimate, that people don't tip hundreds of dollars, or that Bitcoin is legitimate.  If they choose the wrong point to believe is false then they've been set back and it'll be hard for them to later accept that they were wrong.  I no longer bother trying to convince people who have made up their mind about Bitcoin because it's like talking to a brick wall—no amount of reasoning gets through to them.  Luckily the guy I linked came to for help on this question, but others could just as easily have assumed that this is the next iteration of the Nigerian Prince email scam and gone on about their day.
@_date: 2014-03-29 08:47:22
Seriously?  Do you really think that downvoting will do anything at all to help /new?  Spam is *absolutely ridiculous* on this subreddit--more so than any sub I've ever seen, and it's always the same exact stuff--some brand new account posting a link so a handful of sites that are looking to scam people.  Spam already doesn't make it to the sub's front page so suggesting that people downvote fixes exactly nothing.  
It would be no more work than the mods already have to put in--they already wind up having to check /new every minute or two to eliminate these spam posts.  If they just made an automoderator rule to suspend posts coming from accounts with under a certain age/post count/karma then instead of scanning through those posts in the report section they would scan through them in the moderation queue.  If anything, it would be *less* work, and it would cut down on the spam substantially.
But it's clear that 99% of the hive mind of this sub has no experience with the mod interface of reddit, so I guess I get downvoted for knowing what I'm talking about.  
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:22:18
Just picked up a new graphics card (R7970.  It has a break-even of 2-3 months at the current price, but the price went up and the maximum order went down while I was shopping.  Get in while you still can if altcoin mining is your thing).  
Very nicely done.  Your interface is really nice--the invoice showed up as paid within about 1-2 seconds of me sending the transaction from my computer.  Not even credit cards can match that speed most of the time.
@_date: 2014-01-25 22:34:16
Around the time that the TigerDirect post was 3 hours old.  Thursday afternoon.  Had it Friday afternoon and it was mining by that evening. [This]( is the card.  Doesn't hit the full ~750 kH/s that other cards did (cooler isn't the best; couldn't take much overclock), but it's getting a nice 630 kH/s which I'm comfortable with. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 18:22:28
The Tesla cards are surprisingly similar in architecture to consumer grade graphics cards--the nVidia GTX Titan is actually based off of a Tesla card.  Teslas tend to have more memory (which SHA256d doesn't need much of and which Scrypt doesn't need *that* much of) and better double precision floating point math (which neither SHA256d nor Scypt uses).  The other features may be a net positive or a net negative, but all told a Tesla will perform about the same as a comparable nVidia GPU... which is to say not very well.
In mining nVidia winds up at a disadvantage.  This is primarily for two reasons:  the first is a general design decision--nVidia opts for fewer but more complex shaders while AMD tends to go with lots of relatively simple shaders.  Hash functions are very simple, so this gives the advantage to AMD.  The other reason is that hash functions are very fond of bit rotations, which AMD implements directly in hardware as a single operation, while nVidia requires three operations (left shift, right shift, bitwise OR).  This means that even in GPU mined coins (which Bitcoin hasn't been for a long time) you aren't going to be able to make much if anything with nVidia hardware.
Add in the fact that Tesla cards come with a hefty price tag and you have a whole lot of nope nope nope.  They are slow for this application, use lots of power, and cost lots of money.  Mine on a laptop's AMD GPU before mining on a Tesla (although both are a bad idea). 
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:19:58




Who's making the strawman argument again?  His statement was no more of a strawman than yours was.
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:43:29
P2Pool susceptible to a 51% attack other than what you describe.  An attacker with &gt;50% of the P2Pool hash rate can orphan all other P2Pool miners' shares except for those who find a block; in this manner the sharechain will be almost 100% the attacker's shares and they will get almost 100% of P2Pool's mining rewards.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:19:57
Oh, yeah.  Calling the cops on a reporter sure sounds like he's having a *wonderful* time.  I, for one, just love it when people convince merchants I've dealt with in the past to send them my contact information so that they can carry on a facade of a conversation about my interests they're pretending to care about while they try to pry into a part of my life that either doesn't exist or that I've clearly made efforts to leave behind me. 
@_date: 2014-06-29 01:05:02
Wouldn't even be 2.1 trillion.  A huge number of coins are lost, possibly millions (although there's no way to know for sure how many), and in 10 years several percent of coins won't be mined yet.
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:41:26
Gotcha.  Obvious troll is obvious.
For the sake of readers who may not see the clear rebuttal, the number of Bitcoins is kept with a hard cap to prevent the ability of *anyone* to arbitrarily inflate the currency.  There *are* no people at the top of Bitcoin--there are a bunch of people all on the same level.  Even the Bitcoin Foundation has no ability to dictate the course of Bitcoin, only the ability to suggest standards that individuals can choose to accept or reject.
If you want 100 million units of currency then you can have that.  Rather than pumping in another ~80 million coins (who do they go to?) you could just have what is essentially a stock split--someone with 10 old coins would have 50 new coins after the split.  Unsurprisingly this is what is seen--when 1 Bitcoin became too large to be convenient the community collectively decided that new coins would be 1000 times more numerous than old coins and would be called mBTC.  It works seamlessly.  This move was largely just for notation, though--Bitcoin is sufficiently divisible that there is no need to modify anything to give a level of granularity to allow any level of transaction.  If you prefer, though, there are presently about 12 billion mBTC.  
There is absolutely a good reason to not just use, say, Litecoin:  the network effect.  Currencies have value from their utility and their utility comes from people using it.  Far more people use Bitcoin than any other cryptocurrency.
The price of 1 BTC ultimately winds up being decided by market forces.  If more people want to buy Bitcoins *for any reason* (to hold, to send money to a family member around the world, to conduct business, or just to feel like part of a community) than want to sell *for any reason* (need fiat for bills, got pissed off at the community, received them from a family member or a customer and need the fiat instead) then the price goes up.  Modifying the money supply to counteract this is contrary to everything Bitcoin stands for and undermines the free market.  The notion of a "pot" is inherently centralized.  People trade Bitcoins with *each other*.  Every buy is also a sell.  The value is decided when a seller and a buyer agree that a price is fair.  Any other method would be, in my opinion, insanity.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 08:55:09
Generally it should be obvious from context.  I mean, you shouldn't see someone just state "Send me money at AFozUk53j5uZCrKAhkcrM6SjnKtGRXCnov." Usually you'll see things like "BTC: 1ABsAj8enaBjyPx6y95Tjvk2Bhp65re8JT, LTC: ...., XYZ: ...., PDQ: ...." on pages looking for donations.
You could compile a list of what letter corresponds to what currency if you want, but I just don't see it being useful.  I mean, you're not going to be hearing transactions to Bitcoin addresses while listening to the Peercoin network.  A good guess is often that the first letter is the same as the first letter of the coin's name, but that's not always the case.
To get you started:
* Bitcoin: "1" or in some cases "3" (although this is seldom seen in the wild)
* Litecoin: "L"
* Peercoin: "P"
* Primecoin: "A" (*not* "P" since it's made by the same developer as Peercoin)
* Dogecoin: "D"
* Namecoin: "N"
* Quark: "Q"
* Protoshares: "P" (same as Peercoin)
* Infinitecoin: "i" (first lowercase I've seen)
* Megacoin: "M"
And so on, and so forth.  Repeat ad nauseum.  Why, if I may ask, do you find yourself needing to know this?  Is the question just for your own edification or have you run into some situation where being able to determine which cryptocurrency an address belongs to is useful?
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:47:15
One option that I don't see listed (it's probably not the best option) is if you have Bitcoin-QT you can go help--&gt;debug--&gt;console and type "importprivkey &lt;type the key here&gt;," then you can send the coins as usual. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:11:52
From what I've observed of the market there is a tendency to have periods of intense growth, followed by a crash, then a waning period that lasts until the next growth ("bubble") phase.  Bitcoin has followed this several times over the past few years.
The last cycle peaked at around $1200 but didn't have as much of a telltale crash (although it did drop into the $500s which is pretty close).  It would appear to me that we are now in the slow waning period.  I would expect prices to be pretty stable for a while.  If you want to buy any time in the next couple of months you'll probably get pretty close to the same price you'll get now.
However, if the next cycle comes before you buy and if it follows the same form as the past ones then you'll be kicking yourself for not buying mBTC when it was less than $1.  Those are two big ifs and it's up to you whether or not you think they'll come true.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 08:45:28
I'm sure he has plenty of holdings in addition to the coins that are readily identifiable as his.  There's no reason for him to move those old coins if he has plenty of others to use, especially when spending them could compromise his identity.  Also, moving his old hoard of coins could destabilize the market--people could be worried that he's about to cash out.
I'm sure he's plenty rich off of Bitcoin even without the unmoved coins--assuming hes an individual and still alive, that is. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:50:25


Um.... what?  The article was generally well written, but that statement could hardly be farther from the truth.  In the past 3 days, for example, the price has been as high as 646, as low as 400, and is presently at ~560 on Bitstamp.  If that's "remarkable stability" then I'd hate to see volatility.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:47:21
Yes, but P2Pool is backed by a blockchain of its own--that is how nodes determine if other nodes are mining accurately.  If P2Pool is 50% of the network then an attacker could take over the network with only 25% of the network hash power--they use their power to take over P2Pool, which then has the power to take over the network as a whole.
Also, as P2Pool gets bigger it gets harder and harder for a small-time miner to find a block.  Eventually it starts to approach solo mining variance.
Everyone getting onto P2Pool is not a viable solution.  It could be viable to have a dozen different P2Pools--that helps to decrease variance for small miners.  However, having everyone on Peer to peer pools makes the bar for a 51% attack much lower--10 pools each with 10% of the network still lets you attack the network with only 25% (spend 5% on each of 5 pools, giving you control of each, then make them work together for your attack).
@_date: 2014-02-18 06:23:05
If your currency is deflating then there's no reason why a bank couldn't still offer a positive nominal interest rate--they take your money and loan it out then pass a portion of the interest they charge on to you.
The problem *also* isn't so much that it discourages spending--people don't stop consuming just because there's a good investment opportunity available.  Some spending may be discouraged, but most people don't consider the trade-off between spending and investing when making purchases.  If there's hyperdeflation then that's another story.
The change that you see when you have a deflationary currency is what decisions people make when they choose to invest--if I could invest in company X or in loan Y or I could hold onto my currency and just let it appreciate then I will be most likely to pick the choice of those three that offers the best reward for its risk.  So it's not that people are deciding not to consume for the most part--it's that they require a higher return on their investments in order to invest.  This isn't all bad--it punishes overly-risky investors picking up bad debt--but it obviously isn't all (or even mostly) good.
The other big thing that deflation causes is issues with wages due to sticky prices--if someone is paid $100,000 this year and at the end of the year you give them a raise to $102,000 then most people will be pretty content, even if there was 3% inflation that year.  However, if the currency was deflationary then the same person would be unlikely to be happy going from a $100,000 salary to a $99,000 salary when there was 2% deflation.  They will see that as a pay cut even though in this case they have increased their real income and in the inflationary case they have decreased their real income.  The chief difference is that with inflation ones income slowly decreases and then jumps back up with a raise, while in deflation the wage slowly increases then jumps down.  The money illusion (i.e. seeing nominal dollars instead of real purchasing power) makes this effect especially rough.
A final big problem is what happens to people with debt.  Under sufficient inflation you can have your debts evaporate away as their nominal value fails to keep pace with their real value.  With more reasonable amounts of inflation it's basically just a reduction of the interest rate.  Deflation works in the opposite direction and really screws over people who are in debt.  I am aware of individuals in the Bitcoin economy who made the mistake of taking on large Bitcoin-denominated debts which they had to default on when the price shot up.  Deflation makes taking on debt very risky and it sets a minimum cap on interest rates--holding money will always be near-zero-risk, so nobody will loan money for less than 0% nominal interest.  If the deflation rate is 5% then nobody can get a loan for less than that (real) interest rate; note that the nominal interest rates that you see with current fiat are overstated--a nominal interest rate of 5% is about a 3.5% rate accounting for the 1.5% inflation that the US Dollar [was reported]( to have in 2013. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 04:40:57
I have to disagree with the first bullet point on what a 51% attack cannot do:


This is incorrect.  The attacker can take confirmed transactions and unconfirm them by releasing a longer chain without that transaction in it.  At that point the transaction is reversed, although it can be reinstated without issue if the attack is broken.
However, if they did this on a large scale then it gives individuals the ability to double spend.  There would likely be many individuals who are in a position to take advantage of this with no repercussions (e.g. people who had recently sent coins anonymously to a service or individual).  Those people would have an obvious incentive to double spend their coins.  Perhaps not the biggest threat, but it is an example of a 51% attacker reversing someone else's transactions.  Naturally, transactions with more confirmations are harder to reverse, and transactions from before a checkpoint are virtually impossible to reverse with any amount of computing power.
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:03:13
Things *must* be done to counter this *before* the day it comes.
Think about it:  the thing that signifies ownership of coins is knowledge of a private key that provides the appropriate address.  Bitcoin requires nothing else and accepts nothing else (at least for standard pay to address transactions).
If someone manages to put together a 256 qubit quantum computer (or it might be possible with a 160 qubit quantum computer due to the RIPEMD-160 hash in address creation) then they can nearly instantly derive a private key for every coin in existence.  Now how do you prove ownership of your coins?  You know the private key?  So what?  So does the attacker.  You know the private key of an address that was used to load this address? So what? So does the attacker.  You freeze the blockchain?  Doesn't help, just delays the inevitable.  The one thing that keeps bitcoins secure is compromised at that instant and there's nothing you can do to undo it.
So we need to move to a quantum-safe form of public key cryptography before that happens.  Furthermore, we need to do it *well* before that happens so that there can be a long period of time to switch over before ECDSA addresses are broken.  This could be done behind the scenes with minimal effort on the average user's part—upgrade the network protocol to accept the new kind of address, then once it is supported across the network you release clients that default to generating this new kind of address, then when very very few ECDSA addresses are still in use you have the clients issue a warning to switch over to quantum-safe addresses, and eventually you deprecate those addresses.
If you take an action like this early enough then it can be done slowly and without much stress.  If you wait until it's too late then people *will* lose a *lot* of money.  This could be a bitcoin-ending event, with a quantum-safe cryptocoin taking its place.  The path I've outlined would erase old, abandoned coins, but if they're truly abandoned then I don't see this as an issue.  If the process takes long enough (e.g. 5+ years, which would mean starting now) then I doubt many people would lose coins stored in cold storage. 
I will acknowledge that the scenario is likely not *quite* as bad as I've suggested—a 160 qubit quantum computer is *probably* not a big threat since it would be limited to Grover's algorithm which could find any address in about 2^80 operations which is still secure-ish.  A 256 qubit quantum computer would be seriously bad news, though—Shor's algorithm factors ECDSA keys incredibly quickly (O(N^(3)) for N-bit keys) so any address that has ever sent coins would be nearly instantly compromised.  There could be developments in quantum computing algorithms that increase the speed of attacks, though, so a 160 qubit computer is DEFCON 1. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:03:22
And a user who checks a site like blockchain.info when they are told that the transaction didn't post would be similarly immune.  Seriously, if you automatically re-send a transaction before verifying that the first transaction didn't send then the attackers don't need this vulnerability to steal your money.  
This attack sounds like a whole lot of effort for an outside chance at a small payoff
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:21:38


Let's say that I own wallet 1ABCPDQXYZ and it holds 10 Bitcoins in it.  One day, some developers decide that "Inflation = good, deflation = bad" so they decide to make a change to the Bitcoin protocol.  They're really persuasive so they get about half of the Bitcoin community to follow them--both miners and users.  Under their rules the blockchain going back to the Bitcoin genesis bock is valid, but at a certain point (say, the next reward halving) the reward rules change--each block continues to produce 25 BTC.  They reject the main, classic chain from that point onward (aside:  they would have to explicitly do this, as the current code is perfectly happy to let people claim less than the full reward) and go on about their business.  At this point my 1ABCPDQXYZ address is acknowledged on both sides of the fork.
So, let's say that the community settles down and decides to let economics settle the fork--exchanges set up to let people trade between Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Uncapped.  My address is from before the fork so I have 10 BC and 10 BU.  I decide I like Bitcoin Classic more, so I construct a transaction to send my 10 BU to an exchange to sell for BC.  When I release that transaction publicly it doesn't say anything about "this transaction is only meant for the Uncapped blockchain."  It would just say "Send 10 BTC from 1ABCPDQXYZ to &lt;exchange address&gt;."  Both the uncapped and the classic chains would have no reason to reject this transaction, so anyone could take that transaction and broadcast it on the Bitcoin Classic network and cause me to send my Bitcoin Classic coins to the same person I sent my Bitcoin Uncapped coins to.  To combat that I would want to set up a second transaction that says "Send 10 BTC from 1ABCPDZXYZ to &lt;another address I control&gt;."  I would have to send these at around the same time and hope that the right one gets confirmed on the right network (I could do this several times sending to two address I control until my coins diverge in order to minimize risk, but that's still lots of extra transactions).
Naturally, any coins that are mined after the fork are restricted to their respective branches.  The same is true of any coin that manages to diverge by the methods described above.  Perhaps there's a output script that could be used to avoid this issue--requiring that some transaction is in the branch for the transaction to be valid--but I think the script isn't invoked until the transaction is spent, so no luck there.  One other possible solution is for someone to set up a faucet that gives out 1 Satoshi from the chain of your choice.  You could include that Satoshi in your transaction to make it invalid on one of the chains, giving a much easier way to make your Classic and Uncapped Bitcoins diverge in path.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:46:31
Most of the strengths of Bitcoin are things that can do can be done with other means as well, but can be done better with Bitcoin.  Perhaps the most powerful example I've seen is people who have a need to send money around the world--perhaps they are sending money home to their families.  Without Bitcoin that means dealing with international bank wires or Western Union, but if there are relatively low friction Bitcoin exchanging services in the sending and receiving companies then this type of action can be carried out more easily, faster, and less expensively than with conventional services.  The Bitcoin transaction itself blows a service like Western Union out of the water (near instant, almost no fees, no need to go to a physical location, no business hours, etc), so the real competition is between Western Union and the fiat&lt;--&gt;Bitcoin exchanges in the sending/receiving countries.
Another big industry is online payments, especially with regard to privacy and fees.  For example, if I want to buy a $2.00 game online with a credit card then I have to give the company all of my credit card information and then trust that they will keep it safe from hackers (and trust that they aren't malicious, either).  I have to give them a billing address and everything, opening the door for more scamming/spamming.  With Bitcoin they just post a public address and I send coins there and that's the end of the transaction.  They never need to know my name, location, or anything about me and they have no ability to initiate a future transaction.  All of this is accomplished while charging lower fees than credit cards/PayPal (small transactions are basically impossible with credit cards and PayPal--the fees are just too high).  You lose fraud protection, but for small transactions like this it really isn't that big of a deal--I'd rather lose $2.00 once in a while than deal with a major fraud resolution process when a credit card number gets stolen.  Big services won't be able to maintain a reputation if they make a habit of taking payment without giving goods. 
As a payment processing system Bitcoin is poised to significantly disrupt the market.  I doubt we'll ever see a full nation using Bitcoin as legal tender, but I wouldn't be surprised to see it take a major role in the payment processing industry.  There are other benefits, but those two examples are particularly strong to me personally. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 04:41:48
Note that trusting stakeholders to mine at a loss is prone to the tragedy of the commons--individual stakeholders would be best off not mining since they can rely on the security provided by others, but if all stakeholders make this choice then there is little to no mining.  Stakeholders have to choose to mine at a loss in spite of what game theory would direct them to do. 
Quark seems to be exploring this model--there is little to no financial incentive to mine (unless you count $0.14 per 30-second bolck to be significant).  *I* think it's horrifically insecure--they hover around 1000-2000 miners most of the time despite having a market cap of several million dollars--but they haven't been attacked *yet.*  It's an interesting experiment to watch. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:13:27
To decide whether or not it is "real money" you have to come up with a definition of "real money" that you think is best and there's plenty of disagreement about what things make real money "real money."
What can be said for sure, though, is that bitcoins have real value as you can trade them for goods, services, or for your favorite national currency if that's your thing.  They're also quite easy to transfer around the world quickly and cheaply.  They are impossible to counterfeit and have a scarcity model that is arguably better than gold.
Whether or not that meets your definition of "real money" is up to you. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:35:42
If I understand correctly it contains private keys for every address, encrypted (unless you leave your wallet unencrypted in which case shame on you), and public keys for every address, unencrypted (so your wallet application can figure out how many Bitcoins you own without you entering the password), as well as a label for addresses you've chosen to label, either incoming or outgoing.
It also holds something like 100 keys to be used in the future.  When you click the "new address" button you don't get an address that was just generated--you get one that has been in the file for a while.  That way a backup can restore coins sent to an address made after the backup was made.  When you lock a wallet it marks the 100 keys as used so that someone with an old, unencrypted backup can't steal coins sent to a later address.  It doesn't just discard those keys, though, because you *might* have some scenario where you somehow send coins to that address; the storage space just isn't that much of an issue.  I've encrypted and decrypted the wallet a couple of times (when I was first encrypting it; had to settle on a good passphrase that I would remember), so I've probably got a few hundred unused keypairs in there.
The wallet *might* contain information about transactions as well.  Not sure on that point.  Someone better versed in the wallet file format would have to chime in.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:55:36
The fee is voluntary but if you want your transaction to get confirmed in any reasonable amount of time you are best off including it.  IIRC any fee under 0.0001 (maybe 0.00001) is considered to be zero for the purposes of determining priority. Many wallet applications do not give the user a choice about whether or not they include a fee (but do give the option of including a larger fee than the minimum). 
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:20:08
P2Pool is alive and well and remarkably easy to set up.  You have to be running a full Bitcoin client, then setting it up is just a matter of editing the config file, downloading and running a program, and pointing your miner at your own computer instead of a pool.  It's really not difficult at all.
It does have pretty bad variance, though.  The time to find a share is around 40 days / GH/s; that share gets paid out over several blocks.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:39:58
The overwhelming sentiment on is that the price will continue to rise over the coming years.  The overwhelming sentiment in many places (e.g. most news outlets, traditional finance) is that the price may continue to rise for some time but that it will eventually crash to nearly zero.  My observation has been that the less someone knows about Bitcoin the more critical they are of its potential for success (both in future price and in future adoption).
So, what is the function of Bitcoin?  At its core it is a public ledger that anyone can view and audit and that certain people can add to, following certain rules.  The result of this is a system where people can transfer units (i.e. Bitcoins) from person to person with a lot of nice properties:
* Very fast (a few seconds until it is received; only a few minutes until it is confirmed)
* Very cheap (few cents, and even that can be avoided)
* (Nearly) Irreversible, which limits chargeback fraud
* (Mostly) Anonymous.  Technically it's pseudonymous, but associating a user's pseudonym with their real identity can be difficult
* At any time.  Bitcoin does not keep "business hours" nor does it take banking holidays.  You can send Bitcoins any time, any day.
* Very secure.  While there have been many individuals who have been robbed due to carelessness, the system itself is very, very secure against outside attackers.  An attacker wanting to steal your money must gain direct access to your private key.
There are many other features that Bitcoin allows as well.  For example, you can set up an account that requires several individuals to agree, of that requires some percentage of individuals to agree.  When you send a transaction you do not give the merchant enough information to make arbitrary charges, making things like the Target debacle a non-issue.  The nature of the system is such that government directed hyperinflation is not possible.
The combination of all of these features and others that I didn't think of while writing this comment is what makes Bitcoin users believe that it should have value--it is a better way of transferring value in many situations.  The exact valuation that Bitcoin should have is hard to determine, though, as it requires coming to some decision about what percentage of the payment processing, currency, and precious commodity (i.e. speculative) markets Bitcoin will eventually hold.
In the interest of giving both sides of the argument somewhat of a fair chance (I will not pretend that I can give a fully fair telling for anti-Bitcoin individuals since I am not one myself--these arguments are likely to be somewhat of straw men but I'll do my best to avoid that), some of the arguments against Bitcoin include:
* There is no regulation to grow or shrink the money supply as a tool to control the economy.  That ability is seen as necessary for any large-scale currency with many economic theories.  I make no comment on the validity of such a theory.
* There is no fraud resolution in Bitcoin--if someone manages to steal your Bitcoins then there is nobody that you can go to who will reverse the transaction. 
* The anonymous nature of Bitcoin makes it especially attractive for illicit transactions (e.g. drugs, guns, other crimes organized or not).  This places Bitcoin on par with cash, but its digital nature allows large-scale operations via the internet (e.g. silk road).
* Bitcoin is not backed by anything, so it could lose all of its value.  I cannot list this argument against Bitcoin without also pointing out that national currencies have not been backed by precious metals for a long time--they are only backed by the fact that you can pay taxes in them and the fact that if you settle a debt using them then the issuing government will agree that the debt has been paid.
* Bitcoin's current price is likely inflated by lots of speculation--people following the Greater Fool thought process hoping to sell their BTC for more than they bought it for--rather than being supported by commerce.  This may or may not be true, but is commonly claimed by anti-Bitcoin individuals and it's hard to support or refute the claim due to the inherent difficulty in determining what a "fair" price should be for Bitcoin based on math alone.
If you want to purchase Bitcoins purely as an investment then you certainly can, but do not do so as a guaranteed way to make lots of money.  Nothing is guaranteed in Bitcoin, and its past success cannot be used to indicate future performance.  If, after reading the pros and cons and doing your own research, you feel that Bitcoin is still early in what will be a long life then go ahead and buy in.  Don't just take someone's advice on the internet and buy in to make some easy money, though, as that's a great way to get burned.  If you're going to invest your money then you should do so based on your own research and beliefs.
@_date: 2014-06-19 21:42:18
No technical reasons come to mind.  Shouldn't take too much to implement it and should be pretty cheap to run, but these costs are non-zero.  I think pools would be more likely to object by simply claiming "We are interested in the success of Bitcoin and would never do anything to harm it" then refusing to actually prove anything.  This kind of a system relies on miners demanding honesty, and if this latest round of near-51%ing shows anything it's that most miners just cannot be bothered to care.
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:06:04
It honestly applies to very few cards.  I was shocked when I saw it initially and by the time I made it to checkout the product had been pulled, only to be re-added moments later with a higher price and max order of 1.
If you see a card that is selling for much less than other cards of the same model then you can look up the speed [here]( and then put in that speed, the card's power consumption (Google it), and your power costs (check your bill for a price/kWh) [here]( to see what the revenue from that card will be.  Note that Dogecoin is really high right now and will probably come down as more people start mining it and the difficulty goes up.
With slower cards the graphics card becomes less of a percentage of the total power consumption of the computer, which means that efficiency is going to be worse.  Even a moderately slow card is likely to break even during is life if you have reasonably cheap electricity and can mine continuously, though, unlike 99% of all ASICs on the market.  When/if ASIC manufacturers come out with Scrypt ASICs I'm sure someone will launch a new coin that is targeted for GPU mining.  
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:50:34
It's a small, rugged camera.  The kind you see people strapping to their helmet as they skydive and such. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:46:33
Especially with something like middlecoin.  It accepts Scrypt miners, directs them at the most profitable coin, then automatically exchanges the coins for BTC and pays out in bitcions.  No account to set up (miner username is your BTC address), no hassle, just bitcoins.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:01:40
I'm trying to understand how colored coins could be beneficial, and perhaps you or someone else can offer some insight.
To me it seems like everything that people are using colored coins for is in some way centralized in nature.  Perhaps it's issuing colored coins as a representation for gold in a vault, or as a share of a company.  I've yet to see an example of a decentralized entity being backed by colored coins.
This leads me to ask, then, why bother with involving the Bitcoin blockchain?  The innovation of the blockchain is that it allows nearly anonymous transactions without a central authority.  It has to make some compromises to allow that, namely that it must use a *lot* of computational power distributed through the network—it costs about [$25=30 per transaction]( when you factor in the mining reward (only about $0.01-$0.10 of the cost is paid by the transaction while the rest is distributed as inflation; this is the total cost, not the marginal cost).  This cost is acceptable for a system that manages to be decentralized, but not everything needs to be (or can be) decentralized.
So if you're offering a centralized service (like shares in your company) what's to stop you from running a server that tracks transactions of your shares?  You could still use the same transaction protocol using ECC private keys as proof of ownership, but instead of using a proof-of-work blockchain to solve the double spending problem you just only accept the first spending of any coin and reject subsequent spendings.  You get all of the benefits of using the Bitcoin blockchain but none of the disadvantages—you can acquire the initial shares without having to purchase anything, you don't have to wait 10+ minutes for transactions to confirm, you can have massive divisibility without having to make the initial denomination a non-trivial value.  You get complete control over the digital good that you're offering.
Ultimately, it would seem to me that the only thing you gain by using colored coins instead of your own system is the fact that things are already put in place for you.  You make the sacrifice of some flexibility in order to get a system that you don't have to develop for yourself.  Nothing profound, just a pre-made system that works pretty well for a lot of people.
With all the hype I feel like I must be missing something.  Am I completely off base here or does the centralized nature of the colored-coin-backed entities make the use of the decentralized blockchain overkill?
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:05:34
It seems likely that no blocks being found for an hour was just natural variance, then the fact that they included so many transactions was just them trying to confirm as many transactions as possible since they had queued up during that time.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:00:34
This seems like the most likely loss scenario to me; it explains the secrecy and all (I sure wouldn't want to come out and tell people that I'd lost hundreds of millions of dollars because I didn't properly debug my code).  
The 1933phfh address with &gt;100k BTC has never sent any coins ever.  There is no proof that anyone ever had a valid private key to send from that address, which means the coins contained therein could quite conceivably be lost forever.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:39:06
That all depends on who you are dealing with.  One of the key characteristics that it is *vital* to understand about Bitcoin is that there is no way to initiate a chargeback--the only way to get money back from a merchant is if they voluntarily choose to send it.  In that sense you are at their mercy.  They could choose to send back the same Bitcoin value, to send the same value in USD, to offer in-store credit, or to just keep your coins and disappear.  Which one they choose depends on how their terms of service are laid out and whether or not they are planning on following those terms of service.  There is no universal policy on the matter. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:51:00
One thing I might change/add:
"Bitcoin, what's that?"
"It's a digital currency *and payment processing network* developed in 2009...."
This community tends to get excited about the currency aspects of Bitcoin.  This gets especially fueled by the hard core anarcho-capitalists and libertarians and people who just generally don't trust their government with the task of managing a currency supply.  I don't think this is necessarily a wrong stance to take, but most people (in developed, relatively stable countries at least) are perfectly happy with their fiat.
But Bitcoin is more than just a new currency, it's also a new way of transferring wealth—a payment processor.  A merchant is going to be a lot more excited about bringing in competition with Visa than they will be to bring in competition with the Dollar/Euro/Pound/etc.  Ultimately they want to be getting dollars/euros/pounds/etc because that's what all of their expenses are in, so getting some weird internet money instead is unnecessarily complex.  Cutting out the fees that they pay to credit card companies, on the other hand, directly helps their bottom line.
I really think that this is the role where we will see Bitcoin succeed on a large scale first.  When Western Union is charging at least 4% to send money, PayPal fees starting at 2.9% + $0.30, and Visa listing several pages of [different fees]( (pdf) the need for a better payment processing system is more pressing right now in stable, developed countries.
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:54:54
I have to admit that I'm surprised--I'm surprised it's taken this long for everything to come to a head.  I Nope'd out of Gox almost a year ago and have never looked back.  The fact that they have been taken even slightly seriously over the past many months is remarkable to me. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:32:05
Mining Dogecoin with 750 kH/s and swapping out to Bitcoin gets about 0.37 Bitcoins (before electricity costs, which are low for me) per *month* at the current difficulty and market prices, and while it's currently atypically highly profitable right now it's not so atypically high that it'll take more than 4-5 months even in a fairly pessimistic case.  [Run the numbers yourself]( if you don't believe it.  I'll probably continue to mine on this card for several years.  Don't be so quick to dismiss mining as an investment with a reasonable return--or even a very good one.  It's almost impossible to make money buying a Bitcoin ASIC right now, but altcoins are still doing just fine.  
On top of that, you can't game on a hoard of altcoins.  I really can't see why anyone *wouldn't* buy one of these cards at the prices that TD is selling them--if they have the spare slot, PSU power, and thermal management in their case for it, that is.  If everything goes south I *still* have a flagship GPU that can be sold for a good fraction of what I paid.  If you factor in resale value I may break even after a month or so.
@_date: 2014-02-10 20:32:04
The solution is *far* more trivial than you suggest.  If pools are squeamish about making large blocks due to fear of getting orphans then the standard rule of resolving orphan blocks should be modified:  if two blocks are received within a few seconds of each other then the one that confirms more transactions should be accepted instead of just accepting the first.  Naturally there would have to be some decision of how many extra transactions are sufficient for how many seconds of difference in arrival time, but the premise is really simple.  Miners could potentially try to game this system by including a bunch of dust so perhaps the transaction volume should be measured by something more than just number of transactions (e.g. bitcoin days destroyed), but that's just a detail. 
Also, as I understand it the protocol *already* does much of what you suggest--when a block is transmitted it uses transaction headers instead of full transactions; if a peer sees a transaction it doesn't know then it requests the full data.  The receiver should already know about all of the transactions for at least the first couple of jumps since the block follows the same path as transactions.
You are incorrect to suggest that blocks are small for some artificial reason since the network is keeping up--there is no queue of transactions that is steadily filling over time.  Note how on [this]( graph the average wait time for getting into a block is never more than 2 blocks.  Blocks are under 250 kb because there is less than 250 kb of transactions per 10 minutes right now.  Low or no fee transactions may have to wait for a few blocks, but that's their own fault--to think that miners should be forced to include these transactions would be foolish.  Zero fee transactions take advantage of the charity of miners. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:49:05
This is all correct and is a good write-up of the information.  Note, however, that this rule is not enforced as strictly as, say, the requirement to have a valid signature on your transaction (i.e. zero tolerance for mistakes).
Each miner can choose which transactions to include or exclude based on whatever criteria they want, as long as the ones they include are all valid.  The above rules are simply the most common rules for determining if a transaction should be accepted without fee.  
@_date: 2014-06-14 05:28:57
That proposal, while technically sound, is going about things in the entirely wrong way.  The solution to centralized mining isn't to make pooled mining impossible.  It should be to make solo/decentralized mining reasonable.  The reason it isn't is variance. 
What we need, in my opinion, is P2Pool 2.0.  Right now P2Pool isn't set up to let small miners succeed.  However, if we made a few changes then it could work out great:
* Increase the sharechain memory to 1-2 weeks.  This means a miner who gets one share every 1-2 weeks will have the same low variance as a miner who can get several per day.
* Only pay each share out every N blocks; N is probably in the 6-20 range.  This helps to keep the size of the block reward transaction down.  As it stands now every miner is paid on every block.  That's excessive.  Being paid out every day or two is low enough variance for pretty much anyone.
* Include a method for recovering orphaned shares.  As it stands now about 7% of the mining power on P2Pool goes unrewarded due to share orphaning.  I would propose allowing (and even slightly incentivizing) miners to name 2 or more shares as the precursor to their own when mining, provided both are at the same share height and parent.  The sharechain does not verify transactions so this does not present a double-spending vulnerability.
With these changes you could viably have a large P2Pool where even relatively small miners get pretty low variance. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:04:52
The important thing to realize once you get deeper into Bitcoin protocol is that it doesn't store a list of accounts and balances.  You can look at the blockchain and calculate that information--for example, [this]( account had a balance of 4.25 and change before the transaction and now has a balance of zero--but that's not how it's represented for the protocol.  For the protocol all there are is inputs and outputs.
Every transaction has inputs and outputs.  The inputs to one transaction are the outputs of a previous transaction.  For example, you can look at the input 1GjVMxPXU4.... that gave 4.25 BTC to the transaction in question and see that it came from [this]( transaction.  That transaction had an input that came from [this]( transaction.  You can keep going backwards in time, following the history of the coins until you arrive at generation transactions that were paid to the miners.  It looks like this history of these particular coins has a lot of transactions that have one input and several outputs, but you could have any number of inputs and outputs (up to some sanity check for size concerns).
An important characteristic of inputs/outputs is that they can only be in one of two states:  spent or unspent.  You cannot take an output from a transaction and "half spend" it.  So, if you own the 1GjVMxPXU4 output that references 4.25 BTC and you want to send 4 BTC to someone then you cannot just say "Spend 4 BTC of the 1GjVMxPXU4.... output and leave the remaining 0.25 in the account."  Instead you have to say "Spend all 4.25 BTC of the output but split it up.  I want 4 BTC to go to &lt;address that you're sending to&gt; and everything else (except a small fee) to &lt;another address that I control&gt;."  In this way the original 4.25 output is completely used up as per the protocol spec and from your perspective you still have the remaining 0.25 BTC, but it's gone from one address you control to another.  At some point in the future your wallet will decide that those 0.25 BTC are the best ones to use for a transaction and that output will be entirely consumed (perhaps with other outputs in your wallet) to make a new transaction.
@_date: 2014-02-11 21:52:54
You should be weary of using other people's printers--many printers (especially all-in-one printer/copier/fax machines) have a hard drive that stores an image of every document that passes through them.
I know that many paper wallets have an additional code that is written by hand.  That will mitigate that danger.
If you want to forego the printer alltogether then you can do a "dumpprivkey &lt;address&gt;" from a QT wallet that received the coins and write the private key on a piece of paper by hand; I've transferred some coins this way before when I didn't want to involve the blockchain (it was for an altcoin and I didn't want to burn a very early block just to transfer from one computer to another).  Make sure you eradicate all evidence of that private key on your computer, though, or you may as well just be keeping it online.
You can also use various brain wallet generators.  Find some way to generate a super secure private key (e.g. use diceware and a dozen or two different words) and store either that key or the way you generated it; make sure that the words are truly random, though--don't just grab words from a book.  
If you're going to store a copy of a paper wallet on a USB key then you may as well just store it as a wallet.dat.  It's no less secure.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 03:22:39
Perhaps I'm being too harsh but I would place their press release in the "blatantly unethical" category--trying to accuse the Bitcoin protocol of causing their incompetence and furthermore trying to spread FUD about other exchanges.  
I wouldn't trust Mt Gox at all at this point and I see no reason to give them any benefit of the doubt.  I'm not saying I think it was definitely the case that they were doing this, but it wouldn't surprise me if they were.  In fact, the only thing that Mt Gox could do that would surprise me is to open back up as a fully functional exchange with deposits and withdrawals as normal. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:14:03
Well, yeah, but if you're going to look for that then you'll have literally millions of false positives.  Anyone who has received the same amount twice at the same address will appear to match your profile, but that's a remarkably common use case.  Even people transacting honestly with Mt Gox would be reasonably likely to follow that pattern (e.g. someone who buys 1 BTC every week for a while).
The real key is either finding the malleated transaction (but that's not in the blockchain), or looking at Mt Gox's books to find a pair of (1) and (3) where (1) was marked as not having been accepted but there's a duplicated version in the blockchain.  This requires seeing Gox's books, but good luck with that.
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:10:28
You will not be able to make any significant amount of Bitcoin.  Each cryptocurrency uses a specific proof of work function.  For Bitcoin and many others that function is SHA-256d.  That function is very simple and has been ported to specialized hardware that makes it nearly impossible for CPUs or GPUs to compete.
Another function that many coins use is Scrypt.  It is resistant to the development of specialized hardware (although there are claims that some people are developing the hardware anyway).  If your computer has a high-end graphics card made by AMD/ATI (not NVidia, not Intel) then it could be profitable to mine one of these coins.  You could look into Litecoin, or Dogecoin seems to be doing well recently.
There are also a few coins that use completely different functions.  For example, Quark uses a series of 6 different hashing functions (but Quark is practically a scam; don't get involved with them).  There's also Primecoin, which uses a search for chains of prime numbers.  Primecoin's proof of work function has turned out to be very GPU resistant, so virtually all mining is done on CPU.  If you have a fast CPU then you may be able to use that.
If you don't have a fast CPU or a fast AMD GPU then you really can't mine and expect to make much of any revenue at all.  You will cost more in electricity than you get in mining rewards. 
Whichever route you choose to explore, realize that it *will* drive up your family's power bill.  You should come to an understanding with your parents before you start mining.
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:08:08
Make sure you have the right units.  Your card will mine at maybe 800 MH/s, but the calculator on that site uses GH/s.  If you get those mixed up then you'll get a ridiculous number like $1000/day.
If you get things worked out and cgminer recognizes the card then you could likely get about 800 kH/s using the Scrypt algorithm which is popular in many altcoins.  With that approach you can likely get a couple hundred dollars a month.
Make sure that you're using a version of cgminer that is update 3.7.2 or *older*.  GPU mining is so unprofitable in Bitcoin that support for GPUs was pulled after that version. 
You might want to check out for more specific help. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 03:42:52
Magic, mostly.
They aren't allowing the frozen funds to move in any way, which means no trading revenue from those funds.  They are hoping that people will just ignore the fact that they've frozen all of these funds and that they will desposit *more* coins.  If they are to be taken at their word, these new coins will be held safe with a 100% reserve and trading fees going to pay for servers and employees first, then paying out frozen funds second.
If nothing else they should open a market between frozen BTC and real BTC (and the same for other frozen currencies) so that those funds can move around and generate fees to help pay off their debt.  As it is right now just letting them sit is pretty much the worst thing they could do--it dries up trading fees at a time when they need trading fees more than ever. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:38:46
And 0.00000001 BTC is about $0.00001.  Seriously, let it go.  The more of a huff you get into the more the advertisers win.  This dust is only a problem because people like you make it a problem.  If we can ignore it then it goes away. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:02:17
It's not *inherently* optimal, though.  Any sense in which it is optimal focuses on the term's adoption, not its inherent qualities.  If you were to ignore that then "bits" is clearly *not* an optimal term. 
There are countless other terms which have all of the positive inherent qualities of "bits" with none of the negative ones.  I've heard "xibs" or "zibs," for example, which is a distinct term that avoids all confusion with "Bitcoins" or "millibits" or even just "bits" in a CS sense.  
If the same energy were put into promoting a term like that as has been put into promoting "bits" *and* has been put into the argument over whether we should use "bits" or not *and* has been put into clearing up the confusion that "bits" has caused then there would likely be near-universal acceptance of the term.  Instead we're stuck having this same argument every time someone brings up the term because some people have seen the confusion it causes and others either don't know about it or consider it to be a reasonable casualty.
The whole idea behind switching to 1/1.000.000 BTC as a common unit now seems to be to make the future easier, *so why not try to go with a more optimal term now*? 
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:10:27
The only things you can do are:
* Resend the *same* transaction with bigger fees (note: most clients will not make this easy for you.  Don't just tell it to send the coins again since that'll probably send different coins.  You would want a transaction that sends the same inputs to the same outputs but returns a slightly smaller amount of change.  Probably more advanced than you're looking for).  Note that this transaction would technically be a double spend so many nodes may not even relay it, but it would technically be a higher fee transaction.
* Have someone who got one of the outputs send coins from that address to another address they own including a larger fee.  This is the "child pays for parent" setup and IIRC it is fairly standard.  A miner wanting to collect the fee from this child transaction has to also include the parent transaction, so they are considered as a bundle.  One of the outputs of that transaction was probably sending coins back to you (my money's on the 0.00977782 one), so you should be able to send those coins to another address you own with a larger-than-average fee.  
That said, though, your transaction has only been on the network for a short while and it carries a decent fee (although not great).  It should be confirmed pretty soon anyway.  The above solutions aren't really terribly practical for most purposes. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:12:15
Electrum only gets the data that it needs; it doesn't download the full 20+ GB blockchain.  
@_date: 2014-05-06 21:14:27
That's not the best solution.  Not by a long shot.  It still leaves a vulnerability that lets you roughly double the fees and it makes it harder for people to make small buys if they have some reason to do so (not the biggest feature to lose, but it's still losing features trying to solve a problem that could be approached better). 
A better solution would be to include more decimal places, but even that is imperfect--it is just minimizing the effect of the exploit instead of dealing with it conceptually.  Also, I think it's reasonable to charge a minimum $0.01 fee on all trades, which this would defeat.  Increasing precision doesn't affect the fact that the fee you pay is determined by how your order gets filled.
The real solution would be to change how the fees are calculated for orders that get filled over time..  If you put up a 20 BTC sell order, for example, and it gets eaten away by 1,000 transactions of 0.01 BTC each before you pull the remaining 10 BTC then that should be the same to you as having a 20 BTC order that is half-filled by a single 10 BTC buy before you pull the other half.  In either case you should see "Sell order of 20 BTC; 10 BTC filled; 10 BTC remaining," with no mention of *how* the order was filled--that's not your problem.  The point here is that you set up your transaction to be a single 20 BTC sell and you have no control over how it gets filled.
With this setup you know how much of a fee you will pay as soon as you place the order.  If the order is taken to completion then you pay that fee, no matter how the order was filled.  If the order gets withdrawn before it is finished then you pay the corresponding proportion of the fee (with appropriate rounding at this stage).
In this way the minimum order is irrelevant.  The rounding is irrelevant.  This setup ensures that you have complete control over what fee you pay.  You could still wind up paying a larger percent fee due to rounding, but it would be your choice when you place the order and you should be informed that you will pay a larger percent fee since it is listed in the Terms of Service.
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:44:12
12 random words is more entropy than you may think.  Diceware, for example, uses a dictionary of 7,776 words so each word should be fairly recognizable.  If you pick 12 random words from that list then you have 7,776^12 or 4.88 \* 10^46 combinations.  That is well outside of the realm of brute force attacks--it's about 2^155 .  If Electrum is using a dictionary of more than 7,776 words (which diceware only uses because it allows the selection of one word by the use of 5 rolls of a six sided dice) then there are even more choices to choose from.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:00:02
I disagree that  can be ignored, but I will agree that neither should the others.   is, to me, a worst case scenario of a large player deciding that Bitcoin reflects a threat to their way of life and trying to directly destroy it outright.  If I had 51% of the network and wanted to destroy Bitcoin then I would probably go for  (until I was shut down by Gavin's proposal).  Executing any of these attacks would certainly be devastating, though.
I really don't think that a 51% attack is likely at all to be motivated by 3 or 4.  It is, granted, a large selling point for Bitcoin, but if you have the resources to accumulate 51% of the network then you can damage a person far more through far simpler means than just freezing their accounts.  It's not outside of the realm of possibility for someone to go this route, but I don't see it as likely.  Similarly, I don't see a double spend as being a sufficient motivation for sinking hundreds of millions of dollars into a 51% attack, and if someone is motivated by profit (outcome 1) then they are better off trying to stay under the radar instead of just orphaning other miners' blocks--the crash associated with an ongoing 51% attack would more than offset the increased mining rewards.
I stand by my statement that  is the result that I'm the most afraid of if it weren't for the fact that it is avoidable through adjustments to the protocol. 
@_date: 2014-07-09 06:12:28
The pool doesn't get paid for that block, so neither do the miners.  It's just like that miner having bad luck (which means it's likely impossible to prevent and it's very difficult to detect).
Pools exist as insurance for actual bad luck, so the withholder still gets paid by the pool for the mining they do; this payment comes from the blocks that other miners mine.  If a withholder is 10% of a pool then that pool will just appear to have 10% worse luck and the miners in that pool will bet 10% less expected value than if they mined at an equivalent pool not suffering the attack.
That's assuming that the pool has some sort of reward system that splits blocks among its users.  If the pool ways paying out in a PPS system then instead of stealing from the miners they would be stealing from the pool operators themselves.  This is among the reasons why PPS is seldom used and carries high fees when it is used.
@_date: 2014-01-12 11:36:15
Yes, but which of those 5 do you care most about keeping someone from being able to do?
1.  No problem (in and of itself).  Most of the mining rewards don't go to me anyway
2.  Probably the 2nd most dangerous aspect since it can lead to a major loss of trust, *especially* in anonymous transactions. 
3.  Unless that person is me, I'm not terribly adversely affected.  Not good, but not catastrophic for me (most likely)
4.  See 3
5.  The whole system comes crashing down until the attack is stopped.
I agree that the solution doesn't completely solve the problem of a 51% attack, but I'd say it mitigates the most catastrophic result of a 51% attack pretty well. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 23:23:09
Yes, this is a real snapshot of the page from 2010.  You obviously cannot get 5 BTC from a faucet now. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 21:39:43
You are very nearly correct.  The P2Pool 51% attack is very real and not too many people are aware of it.  Petamine could absolutely abuse this attack since they have more mining power than P2Pool does without them.
However, they can carry out this attack whether they publicly choose to be in the pool or not.  It's an attack which is inherently a dishonest thing; if they wanted to attack P2Pool then I don't see a vote getting in their way.  If they don't intend to attack then they make it more difficult for others to pull the attack off if they join.
You are absolutely correct that Petamine poses a potential threat; the flaw in your logic is that you assume the threat depends on them publicly announcing they are going to be in the pool.  Their threat comes from having the hashrate in the first place, and that cannot be helped.  They may as well join the pool and increase the cost for others to attack, and hopefully entice others to join by reducing variance.  Only when lots of others join will they lose the ability to pull off the 51% sharechain attack. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 19:47:27


From what I can see it's &gt;180 comments from other users discussing how GHash.io's actions are inadequate and how this post reeks of BS and not a single reply from CEX_IO.  I guess "discussion" means discuss among yourselves while we provide a "don't worry, everything is going to be OK" post with no real substance. 
It's like you're trying to get the company lynched. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:20:01
Probably, but it'll probably have to be done in Japanese courts, which is to say it'll probably cost more to sue than you lost, and even if you do win the case if they simply don't have the money then you're out of luck.  I know there was a multiple plaintiff lawsuit coming together on the bitcoin talk forums; perhaps you can find them and get in on that.  
@_date: 2014-06-29 00:17:38
That helps for the first jump—each node could store a list of transaction sets that neighboring miners are working on—but it gets messy after that.    Does every miner store a list of transactions that every other miner is working on?
The current system is already pretty good.  When blocks propagate they send the header and the list of transaction IDs, then the node requests any full transactions that they don't already have, which is usually pretty few.  A block can already propagate around the world in seconds.  Any change like this would just give an advantage to the pools that band together and use it, which does nothing to help decentralization. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 03:35:52
With respect to Gox, some specific things need to happen:
* It needs to be removed from any sites still promoting it as a viable option to newcomers.  Even if they fixed everything tomorrow their reputation is damaged beyond repair (at least damaged beyond any repair that could happen in the short term).  Newcomers don't need Gox to be their first experience with Bitcoin.  Nobody deserves that.
* It should be removed from sites listing and/or tracking exchanges.  Exchanges are places where you can send fiat and get Bitcoin, where you can send Bitcoin and get fiat, and where you can trade back and forth between the two then withdraw the currency of your choice.  This doesn't describe Mt Gox.  If Gox is kept on those sites it needs to be with a big asterisk noting that withdrawals are not being processed.  People come here entirely too often asking why the exchanges have such different values thinking that Gox is a real exchange.  Until Gox can get its act together it needs to be put in time-out in this regard.
* The focus needs to stay *on* Mt Gox, not move away from it.  Yes, it's a negative story, and those do poorly in this subreddit, but we cannot just let them get away with this--whatever "this" turns out to be (anything from incompetence to varying flavors of fraud).  If Bitcoin is to be self-regulating then we as a community need to step up and regulate Mt Gox out of the Bitcoin economy--they've had every chance to succeed and have failed at every turn.
I have a hard time mustering sympathy for any Bitcoin veteran who had any significant amount of coin on Gox.  They've consistently demonstrated that they aren't worthy of being trusted.  They've been having troubles for at least months at this point.  I used to do business with Mt Gox but I left them about a year ago and never looked back because they just aren't worth the risk or the trouble.  I do pity any newbies who were sent to Mt Gox by outdated guides from back when they were decent to work with; I hope this experience doesn't ruin their view on Bitcoin as a whole.
I'm glad that Mt Gox is dying (assuming it actually dies this time).  Not because of some deep seated hatred for Mt Gox, but because it has been a drain on Bitcoin for a long time.  They have, as I mentioned earlier, had every opportunity for success.  They were the first big exchange and handled the lion's share of the trading volume.  With that kind of business they should have been able to hire experts to build the biggest, fastest, best exchange that you've ever seen, but they consistently failed.  I realize that Gox going down will mean that a lot of people lose money, and that sucks.  It sucks bad.  But this needed to happen, and I'd rather a quick death than a slow, drawn-out fight.  As far as I'm concerned the sooner we as a community can call Time of Death the better.  That'll open the doors for the healing to begin. People can start pursuing legal recourse to claim their funds and the community can look at the causes of death and help make sure that this type of thing doesn't happen again. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:50:18
I've been GPU mining since mid 2011, and I've profited heavily along the way.  Believe *me*.  I have a GPU that was run at 100% capacity for quite some time before that that I just pulled from my computer to free up PSU cables for the 7970.  It's made far more than its cost over that period, and has served me well as a GPU on top of that. Plus it's still running just fine; I'll put it back in once I find the cables for my PSU, or I might just sell it (it's a FirePro card; they still sell for decent prices even when a few years old). 
The Dogecoin difficulty is exploding right now because Dogecoin just shot up in value.  It'll stabilize out in a few weeks and this card will settle in around $150/month while profit switching.  It's not a fair comparison to look at one great jump in a single cryptocurrency and say that buying directly is better than mining.  If you have knowledge of what the price is going to do in the future then of course buying is going to be the best option, but mining leaves the opportunity to switch from one coin to another.  If you had bought Dogecoin and Dogecoin had crashed then you'd be SOL.  By buying a card I am insulated from Dogecoin's future--I can switch to a different coin at a moment's notice, and in the worst case I can either sell the card or keep it for myself.  When Dogecoin's reward halves middlecoin will just jump to another coin.  Looks like Grandcoin, Mooncoin, or Digitalcoin are probable alternatives.   
There are tons of people who like to extrapolate exponential trends from short term data and it just goes poorly.  For example, the link that you edited into your previous post worries that difficulty will continuously increase at 15% per adjustment, but the last four jumps have been +2%, +1.03%, +1.6%, and *-20%*.  He projected difficulties of 8204, 15981, or 9700 for January 24, but the current litecoin difficulty is 3130.  This error was over the course of only about 1 month of projection but amounted to a factor of 5.  He made his analysis during a sudden surge of difficulty and extrapolated far beyond the range where his results would even begin to be meaningful.
Mining will pretty much always be profitable for someone--if it's unprofitable then people will stop mining and difficulty will come down.  People have different electricity costs and different thresholds for how profitable their systems must be to stay turned on, so as the margins narrow people will start turning off their machines.  I have never been in a position where running my GPUs has been unprofitable, despite being told many times that there's no way that my setup will be profitable in N months.
If you want to track my progress, my address starts 1M535; should be the only one.  I've only been mining with middlecoin for a short while--used to do my own profit jumping but it's too much hassle so I'm giving them a shot.  Didn't get the best mining speed over the past 24 hours since I spent a while tweaking the card to get it to run nicely.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 04:58:11
See [this]( page.
At present it isn't a problem--even low priority transactions with low fees make it into a block fairly quickly (I would consider anything under 12 hours fairly quick and anything under 24 hours to be acceptable for such a transaction--it's just not worth trying to double spend that amount).  If the artificial limit were raised then people could spam and thereby bloat the blockchain prematurely.
In the future that limit can be raised and various aspects of the protocol can be optimized, including an improvement of how transactions are sent between nodes (making it so that the data isn't repeated; I thought that was already implemented but the wiki still lists it.  Perhaps the wiki is outdated), improving the speed of signature variations (the secp256k1 curve was selected for its speed), and reducing the storage footprint (i.e. blockchain pruning).  These measures only need to last for long enough that Moore's law can catch up and make the issues of network bandwidth, CPU usage, and storage space obsolete. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 10:37:53
Absolutely not, but I don't think that we can read that deeply into every single decision that he made.  He had to make a decision about how many coins should be in a block and it happens that his decision made the total number of coins fall shy of a convenient value by a factor of about 4.  *That* doesn't sound like a deliberate act.  If his goal was to keep the coin supply under 2^53 then there were many other options.
The fact that Satoshi showed apparent genius in many aspects of the design makes it easy to attribute any arbitrary choice to genius when it was, in fact, just an arbitrary choice (or a choice made for other, less impressive reasons).  For example, the decision to use the secp256k1 instead of the secp256r1 curve has been hailed as a genius move to avoid the fishy nature of the "random" parameters used for secp256r1 which was only brought to light recently, but it's equally probable that the decision was motivated by efficiency.  If Satoshi had realized that secp256r1 was potentially insecure then I feel like there's a darn good chance that he would have pointed that out at some point.
Even the fundamental idea of Bitcoin isn't nearly as revolutionary as people here like to think.  Using digital signatures for electronic currency was well established at the time, and the concept of hashing as a proof of work signature had been around for a while ("hash cash," used to combat email spam).  In many ways Bitcoin was just the next evolutionary step for the technology of the day to take.  The only real innovation of Bitcoin was the use of a proof-of-work blockchain as an approach to the Byzantine Generals problem (although that is pretty great innovation).  Satoshi was definitely well educated, especially in cryptography, but I refuse to attribute every happy coincidence to Satoshi being basically a God.
@_date: 2014-03-03 10:08:50
Yep.  Note that the reward also ignored the transaction fees from that block.  Only one transaction included a fee, though, so it's 0.01000001 BTC less than a whole number, assuming that he was the only one to do this.  It's probable that someone else made a similar move either on purpose or on accident at some point during the history of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:38:33


This does not work.  If it did then pool miners could just keep blocks they found for themselves.  The worse a miner can do when they find a block for their pool is to withhold it; it is no good to anyone else. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:11:00
I pointed out the problem and provided a simple solution.  A miner would not be able to reliably pad their block with extra bitcoin days destroyed.  If they held on to their block to execute a greedy miner attack then they risk large transactions being published and included in others' blocks.  This presents no issue.
It would also present no issue in terms of a hard fork--no such fork would be necessary.  The network is perfectly capable of accommodating different nodes choosing different blocks during an orphan situation--it already has to do this.  Presently most nodes select the first block they see.  If some decide to start giving preference to a block when it confirms significantly more transactions then it would be as if they had heard about that block first.  I would expect that the rule change would only affect the decision of which block to build off of when the two chains are of equal length; thus, when one chain gets an extra block the race would be over and everyone would arrive at the same consensus.  I'm not suggesting that nodes should outright reject low-transaction blocks; I'm only suggesting that they build off of a block with more transactions (as measured by Bitcoin Days Destroyed or a similar metric) when all else is equal.  The change could be rolled out to any fraction of the network with no danger of a hard fork. 
As to the notion of blocks being well under 1 MB you seem to have missed my point.  I am saying that the reason why blocks are small is *not* because of an orphan chance, while you are saying that they are small because of the danger of orphans.  If you were correct then blocks would be well under 1 MB *and* transactions would take a long time to confirm, often even failing to be confirmed entirely, but we don't see that.  What we see is that blocks are small and all transactions get confirmed pretty quickly--1 or 2 blocks in most cases.  That indicates that the network is keeping up with all of the transaction volume, which means that the blocks are well under 1 MB simply because there's not enough transaction volume to require it to be any bigger.  Typical blocks knock out large portions of the unconfirmed queue.
@_date: 2014-02-10 09:51:35
Even if there were this type of threat for double spending I still think Bitcoin would hold strong--if you're going to pull off this type of attack face-to-face then the person who you've stolen from knows what you look like.  If they have security camera footage then you're instantly in the same boat as a shoplifter except you're less subtle (a shoplifter has a chance of going unnoticed) and still had to pay part of the cost (large transaction fee).  It just isn't an attractive approach for the traditional customer in a brick and mortar store.
If it's not face-to-face and the transaction was for a real good then the merchant has your shipping address, too, and there's a good chance they'll see the double-spend transaction before the product is past the point of no return.  Requiring a confirmation is most important for things like exchanges where the user can instantly withdraw in the form of a different cryptocurrency.  This type of business absolutely needs to wait for confirmations.  A brick an mortar store not so much.
Perhaps you can make the argument that other types of face-to-face transactions could be at risk (e.g. selling a good directly to another individual), but there are other systems to punish dishonest merchants/customers in that circumstance (e.g. reputation systems).
As an aside, it's not really fair to look at a cost analysis using presently imaginary hardware.  While I don't doubt that BFL will *eventually* come out with their Monarch card it isn't on the market and it isn't representative.  A million dollars worth of monarchs won't ever be 1% of the network because once they arrive the network will be larger.  A more honest estimate would likely be significantly larger, by a factor of about 2 even before considering power and other costs. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:19:06
Yes.  Various places have been using mBTC (1/1000 of 1 bitcoin) for a while now since it's easier to have a cup of coffee for 10 mBTC than for 0.01 BTC.
There's been a big push recently to get more acceptance for the term "bits" for 1/1000000 of 1 bitcoin, but there's a lot of resistance to that term since it's [too easy to confuse]( with existing uses of the word.
If adoption greatly increases and the price responds accordingly then you can expect that most transactions will be done with some named fraction of a bitcoin.  In the extreme scenario where Bitcoin becomes a major player in the global economy for decades to come it may even get to the point where dividing Bitcoins into 100,000,000ths is too coarse, in which case even further division is possible by a software change. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 07:54:54
Or for the people who had adopted the terms "millibit" and "microbit" as shorthand for "millibitcoin" and "microbitcoin."  With those terms well on their way to being established "bit" was a terrible choice of a term for microbitcoins.  It's catching on despite that, though, so I guess millibit and microbit can just go die.  So much for pushing metric prefixes. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 01:41:45
The rig is using an HD 6970 and the new 7970; just pulled a FirePro v7800 (comparable to an HD 5850).  Running an Intel i7-3939k (mines Primecoin in the background) cooled by a Corsair H100 with 4 120mm fans in dual push/pull.  Motherboard is an Asus Rampage IV Extreme.  All housed in a Xigmatek Elysium case (which is just about the biggest case I've ever seen).  PSU is a Seasonic 1000W fully modular 80+ platinum power supply.  Probably no pictures; I'm too lazy to take them and upload them and all.
This computer has handled everything I have thrown at it--games, mining, scientific computing (BOINC), and engineering (especially CFD).  The fact that it's been a net zero cost after mining rewards is just icing on the cake. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 09:04:33
When combined with the total volume of coins spent it gives an idea of how old the coins moving are.  Someone could take 1 BTC and send it from address to address and rack up 1000 BTC of trading volume, but it is much more difficult for them to inflate the Bitcoin Days Destroyed statistic.
That said, though, it doesn't directly indicate anything on its own other than what is readily apparent from its definition--it shows that either lots of Bitcoins were moved or somewhat fewer old coins were moved.  It's just one metric that can go into analyzing the traffic on the Bitcoin network when trying to gauge how the markets may move in the future. 
@_date: 2014-01-31 23:55:24
I know at least for a while it was unprofitable for them--they weren't selling enough volume to offset the costs of paying their accountants, or something like that.  The recent discount they offered (not sure if it's still going on) for buying in Bitcoin makes me think that they've streamlined their system for accepting Bitcoin.  I know they've gotten at least two months subscription from me!
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:02:22
The problem with the secp256r1 curve is independent of the quantum computing attacks being discussed.  If a cryptographically useful quantum computer were to be produced then even the secp256k1 curve that Bitcoin uses would be vulnerable.  Any elliptic curve falls to a variant of Shor's algorithm.
ECDSA is safe, but it is only a temporary safety.  Quantum computers exist and the algorithm to defeat ECDSA is known, so it's just a matter of developing quantum computing technology to the point where it's useful.  The NSA probably doesn't have such a computer yet, but I would expect them to have one well before they are available in the public sector, and I wouldn't expect them to advertise that they have one. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 06:43:05
Many "unknown" are very easy to nail down.  For example, 306273 relayed by [this]( node is mined to the GHash.io address.  Many are mined to the Discus Fish address or other pools' addresses.  Blockchain really does a poor job at identifying the pool that mines any given block (they do not claim to do a good job at this; they report who relays the block to them).  
Enough of the Unknown portion is easily accounted for that GHash + unknown &lt; 50% right now, so as long as they aren't doing anything dishonest to hide their power they aren't currently a 51% threat.  Then again, I don't know how I feel about having to trust that a potential attacker isn't doing anything dishonest.  GHash's behavior in handling this situation makes me hope that they get beat down into obscurity. 
A couple of days ago someone posted a link to a site that makes a better estimate but I don't remember it and didn't save it.  Anyone know what it is?
@_date: 2014-06-21 05:04:47
I'm sorry you feel that way.  I will defend my post by stating that it explained my position—I didn't just call out another user as being ignorant and dismiss their claims, instead choosing to support my claims with reasoning.  I don't believe anything I stated is demonstrably false and I tried to show the reasoning behind any opinions I gave (within reason) so that others can follow the reasoning and come to the same (or a different) conclusion. 
And did you read the part where I say "I would vote in favor of them joining P2Pool?"  My final paragraph basically states the same thing that you state:  that the risk is small enough to be acceptable and that them joining or not doesn't affect that risk.  Do you really want to take the stance of agreeing with me while also calling me ignorant?  A bold move.
My point in calling latetot out is that mustyoshi brings up a point worthy of discussion:  P2Pool is being paraded around as the solution to all 51% problems but it has a vulnerability in and of itself; this vulnerability is not particularly well known and should be discussed.  Ultimately I agree with you as I posted originally:  they have the power to attack but that power is not contingent on them joining.  That doesn't excuse latetot's post which dismisses the discussion point and essentially calls mustyoshi an idiot, even if I disagree with his conclusion. 
So please tell me:  how is promoting discussion on the vulnerabilities of P2Pool and the risk with Petamine as a member or not then ultimately agreeing with your stance either aggressive *or* ignorant?  
@_date: 2014-06-19 19:39:45
I think it's possible (or at least nearly possible), but it wouldn't be a simple solution.  Obviously you cannot just see who reports a block—a pool could easily route blocks through anonymous IPs and they would be indistinguishable from blocks that are solo mined.  However, I think an approach similar to the one used for some exchanges as a proof of reserve would work.
My initial thought would be something like this:  each pool chooses a mining address.  Any time they mine a block they are expected to mine to that address.  If that is the case then estimating their mining speed is just a matter of watching the address, so the problem is reduced to making sure that they always mine to the same address.
For that, you use the proof of reserve approach adopted by exchanges (I forget the full description but it involves a Merkle tree where each person in the pool/exchange can verify that their balance is included in the total).  All payouts should come from that address.
With this setup if they are trying to hide mining power then they would not be able to pay out as they are supposed to.  Miners would either notice the mining address getting funded from externally or the proof of reserve would fail.  The weakness I see here is if the pool also has a large private hash rate or if they are colluding with a large miner.  Also, this system would be entirely voluntary and a dishonest pool like GHash has no incentive to implement anything that would reveal their dishonesty. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:50:28
Every 10 minutes or so a new block is added to the blockchain, confirming a few hundred transactions into the public ledger.  This act requires the miners to spend a lot of time and money (largely in the form of electricity) to carry out and the security of their act is based on how hard it is to do--the more people there are that mine the more secure the network is.
Miners are expected to be rational, so there has to be an incentive for them to mine.  In the distant future it is hoped that transaction fees will be sufficient to provide that incentive.  A couple cents worth of fees on each of several thousand transactions makes for a sizable reward.  Until then, though, the reward is boosted.  
Originally, each block rewarded 50 BTC in addition to any transaction fees.  If that quantity stayed the same indefinitely then there would be a theoretically infinite number of Bitcoins, which many people are against.  Thus, the reward is set to halve roughly every 4 years.  Presently it has halved once, about a year ago, to 25 BTC.  At some point in 2016 it should halve again, to 12.5 BTC.  
The first halving happened to correspond to a big runup in price.  That may have been a causation relationship, or may have been complete coincidence.  Either way, the next time the reward halves things should get interesting. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:13:42
There are two things at play:  variance and expected value.  They are independent.  A high variance drives off someone who is risk averse—someone who wants to be sure about how much they are going to make.  Low expected value drives off someone who is profit driven—someone who wants to make the most money in any case.  Most miners are both risk averse and profit driven, to varying degrees.  Some people are neither (e.g. someone who plays the lottery—a negative expected value and a high variance).
Your "simple example" is a case of trying to use qualitative descriptions to claim that variance affects expected value, but it is faulty reasoning, unfortunately.  A corollary to your example would be that difficulty receding makes a high variance more profitable.  This idea should strike you as nonsense, but it is simply a restatement of the claim that low variance is preferable when difficulty is rising.  Both of these are false.
I can provide a more thorough example that shows that expected value is not adversely effected by variance.  Consider a world with five mining pools (let's call them A, B, C, D, and E) that each have 20% of the hash rate; they are equal in every way.  Naturally, some may be more lucky than others.  The difficulty is rising at some significant percent every 2 weeks.
At this point I ask the question:  which pool has the advantage?  Obviously the answer must be "none of them" since there is no difference.  One will come out on top, but we have no way of predicting which one it will be.  Each one expects to mine 20% of all of the blocks mined.  Some will be lucky and have slightly more than that, while others will be unlucky and get slightly less than that, but there is no way to tell which.  Hopefully it is obvious in this example that no pool has an expected value greater or less than another.
Now consider what happens if two of the pools, say A and B, decide to join up into a single pool of 40%.  A and B do exactly the same things as before, but when one of them finds a block they share it with the other pool.  At this point I ask:  what is the expected value for pool C, D, or E?  What percentage of all mining rewards will they get?  Hopefully you can see that their position is unchanged.  There is no reason to expect A or B to get more blocks now just because they share the reward after the fact; since they don't get more blocks there is no reason to expect C, D, or E to get fewer blocks, so their expected value remains exactly the same.
You can repeat the same thought experiment with any number of original pools combining in any way to get any distribution of hash rates and the result is the same:  ignoring fees and merged mining and the like, the size of a pool does not effect the expected value from mining there.
It is fairly clear why people are inclined to believe that that wouldn't be the case, though.  Difficulty increasing *does* have an effect on variance.  It makes it so that good luck now and bad luck later is strictly better than bad luck now and good luck later.  That is to say, a pool with high variance in share time will have even higher uncertainty in expected value when the difficulty is going up than when it is constant.  For that matter, it has higher uncertainty in expected value when the difficulty is going down, too, as that just changes the condition to "good luck now and bad luck later is strictly *worse* than bad luck now and good luck later."  In the end, though, the reward for good luck times the probability of good luck is exactly equal to the reward for bad luck times the probability of bad luck.  High variance just makes it more likely that you'll see something far from mean. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 08:28:09
ASICs to compute Scrypt don't make it possible to break Scrypt.  They don't even come close.  They take the problem of brute forcing the reversal of a Scrypt hash from being so difficult that it takes a billion universes worth of energy to taking a hundred million universes worth of energy (numbers made up, but this is the type of number you're dealing with here--you aren't even close to getting to the point where even a single star worth of energy could brute force a password).
Remember:  while mining sort of looks like it's brute forcing a hash function it has a much, **much** lower threshold of success--you only have to match a handful of bits in your output.  Breaking the Scrypt used in BIP0038 would require matching *all* of the bits, which is to say that it's impossible within any amount of energy available to the human race.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:36:16
This is a separate "issue."  I put quotes on issue because it really isn't an issue.
The problem that blockchain said they are immune to is transaction malleability--the ability of someone to take someone else's transaction and rename it to confuse shoddy bookkeeping.  Blockchain uses more robust bookkeeping so it is immune to that problem.
What you're dealing with here is someone who is trying to give you (and thousands of others) essentially 0 Bitcoins (it's 0.00000001 BTC or 1 Satoshi, the minimal amount possible).  The network sees this type of transaction and figures it's probably spam, but Blockchain tells you the transaction arrived anyway on the off chance that it was meaningful.  However, the miners see these transactions as obviously spam so they ignore it, refusing to bloat the blockchain (lowercase "b," the distributed ledger) with this garbage.  Eventually the transaction gets deleted from the collective "spam folder" of the blockchain, at which point Blockchain (capital "B," the website/company) tells you that the transaction was deleted.
These transactions are a complete non-issue for regular users.  The value being thrown around is virtually zero, so you shouldn't be sad when the transaction fails.  It's just an attempt at using the blockchain to spread advertisements very cheaply.  You should view the message that a transaction failed as if it were your email client giving you a popup bubble that says "Spam folder emptied."  
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:07:16
No, no, no.  This is Banks are *definitely* Ponzi schemes.  /s
Ok, guys, circle up now, you know the drill!
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:37:22
I saw an idea proposed a while back but I haven't heard of any development on it since then.  It was to change the proof-of-work algorithm to require the miner to hold a copy of the blockchain.  This could be accomplished by making one of the inputs of the hash function be the data from a pseudorandomly selected transaction from the blockchain.  You'd want to set it up so that each transaction can be the input to several guesses (otherwise someone with a RAMdisk and fast memory could be too powerful of a miner, and if disk IO is being maxed out then there's a direct incentive to not serve as a node for others), but you wouldn't want it to be valid for too many guesses, or else you could have a central pool operator just tell the miners what transaction to use in their hash.
This doesn't guarantee that the miners are fully participating as a node in the network, but it could at least be set up to require miners to store a complete copy of the blockchain.  It's not a perfect, mature idea, but I feel like something to this effect could give the incentive you're talking about if the idea were to be fleshed out a little bit more fully.
I also realize that this suggestion is unlikely to be implemented in the foreseeable future in Bitcoin—it would radically change mining.  I feel like this is exactly the kind of modification that Altcoins exist for, though—it's a change that ought to be tested in the real world to see how a system built in this way fares.  
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:15:30
Interestingly, the transaction does appear in blockchain's copy of block number [292349]( (do a Ctrl+F for fd69a), the version that appears in the block claims that both outputs are unspent while the transaction's [own page]( claims that the .1207 BTC output has been spent (and claims that there are zero confirmations, of course, but that's the whole reason for OP's post).
Hopefully this is an isolated incident. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:27:45
Put the numbers in again in 24 hours and it'll be about half that with Dogecon's halving.  A better estimate is 8 months-a year based on current conditions, but mining can change profitability at the drop of a hat.  
@_date: 2014-04-29 22:45:28
Which was so insecure that OP took the coins because anyone could guess the phrase....  If providing the phrase is good enough now then why wasn't it good enough for the coins to be left where they were?
The owner could show ownership of whatever address was used to fund the compromised account, assuming that he still owns that address, but the whole premise of stealing the coins is that the passphrase is not secure so it must not be used to verify ownership now. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:48:49
You're on the right track.  Firstly, the max_money variable wouldn't change the cap--that value is in there as a sanity check (i.e. any transaction trying to spend more money than exists is probably fraudulent).  The premise is correct, though--the developers *or anyone else* could modify the source code to uncap the money supply.
From there it wouldn't just have to get a majority of the miners to accept it, though--it would have to get a majority of the *users* to accept it, and any users who didn't accept it could go right along ignoring it just fine; it would be a classic hard fork.  Remember:  non-mining full nodes still check every block to make sure it follows the rules and they ignore all blocks--no matter how long the chain--that don't follow their rules.
A decision to uncap Bitcoin would never be unanimous in Bitcoin--"finite by design" is too much of a core principle--so even if you got a lot of people following the uncapped Bitcoin you would still have two competing chains.  This would be an interesting setup that I would like to see played out in an altcoin.  After the fork you would essentially have two different versions of Bitcoin--say Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Uncapped.  Someone with BTC before the fork would have both BC and BU after the fork.  An exchange could be made to trade back and forth between them (e.g. someone who believes in Bitcoin Classic could sell their Bitcoin Uncapped for a little more Bitcoin Classic).  However, any transaction released on one chain would *also* be valid on the other chain unless the owner pulls off essentially a double spend--they would send coins to one person on one network and to the other person on the other network.  
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:12:29
It's exactly the same thing.  No company will sell you mining time for less than they would make if they just mined for themselves.  They've done their homework and know what their product is worth.  You won't beat them at their own game.
@_date: 2014-03-24 03:37:34
It's a six week graph versus a six month graph.  Why would this even be meaningful? 
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:20:35
I should point out that while bitcoinity is a great website you should not follow the mtgox prices shown there (or anywhere--bitcoinity isn't the problem and is accurately reporting the numbers).  Mt Gox has basically shut down at this point--you can't withdraw BTC or fiat (except for people banking in Japan), so the price on that exchange is nearly meaningless.  Bitstamp is probably the best market to follow in general.
As to the coffee, gave you 2.56246 mBTC (about the price of a cup of coffee), but when you asked about it you seem to have given it back.  You can follow the "what is this" link to learn more about the Reddit Tip Bot.  It lets you give bitcoins to show appreciation for particularly good comments, similar to Reddit Gold (which can also be bought with Bitcoin, by the way) but the money goes to the comment's author, not to Reddit and you can fine-tune the amount more. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:16:27
... but it is completely technologically feasible.  Not just for the Bitcoin foundation but for anyone--the foundation has no formal authority.  They would just have to insert an exception into the client, allowing a specific transaciton into the blockchain without the appropriate digital signature--a one-off change.
Getting that change adopted would mean a hard fork and would be a huge mess, so I doubt that it would ever happen, but it's still feasible.  It just takes permission from the vast majority of the people on the network. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:07:10
The term is already in use explicitly in some places (e.g. the CS use of the term, which has spilled over into some non-technical speech) and implicitly in other places (e.g. people using the term "millibit" as a shortening of "millibitcoin," suggesting that 1 mBTC = 1/1000 bit = 1/1,000,000,000 BTC).  It's also so close to "bitcoin" that some people assume that the terms are synonymous with "bits" just serving as a more convenient abbreviation of "bitcoins." 
Now, these mistakes are easy enough to clear up if people ask, but the biggest problem with adoption is not Bitcoin's complexity—t's the fact that people make false assumptions and then dismiss it offhand based on those false assumptions.  You get people claiming that Bitcoin is a Ponzi or a Pyramid Scheme when such claims are *obviously* false if you do even just a little bit of research, but if you make the right incorrect assumptions then you arrive at that conclusion.  I've known very few people who have taken the time to learn about Bitcoin who are still against it, so getting people past their initial false assumptions and disbelief is clearly a hugely important step. 
Using a term that is too easy to confuse with the unit of 1 Bitcoin is just giving one more opportunity for people to make a false assumption which can lead to them dismissing the currency.  Take the person who I linked above:  they assumed that 1 bit = 1 bitcoin and that led them to confusion about what they had seen—they had seen prices for 1 bitcoin at hundreds of dollars and had seen tips for hundreds of bits.  People don't generally go around giving away thousands of dollars and people claiming to are typically scammers (see: Nigerian Prince spam), so it would not have been unreasonable for that person to just assume that Bitcoin is all a big scam based on that assumption alone.  Luckily they took the time to ask and could be set straight, but there's no telling how many people consciously or subconsciously made that connection and then went on about their day, content in believing that Bitcoin is all just a big scam.
There are some compelling reasons for promoting a term for 1/1,000,000 BTC—it helps overcome unit bias (a desire to own a whole unit of Bitcoin while not wanting to spend hundreds of dollars), for example.  It's also been commonly claimed to make Bitcoin more "fun," but I've never come across someone who is anti-bitcoin because it isn't "fun" enough, save some of the Dogecoin community (and they're against the Bitcoin community, not the currency itself; obviously they're pro-cryptocurrency).  The existing μBTC unit isn't particularly accessible since many people's familiarity with the metric prefixes ends with milli-, so it does make sense to go for a new name for the unit.  None of these reasons suggest that the name should be a shortening of "bitcoin," though.  I've seen "xib" or "zib" as suggestions for this name as a more neutral one-syllable word, or "mikes" as a shortening of the micro- prefix.  
@_date: 2014-01-18 21:14:44
Net present value.  If I have produced a miner that I expect will mine $1000 worth of Bitcoins (after power costs, up until the miner is no longer profitable to run) then I can probably sell that miner quite easily for $900.  
If the miner only cost me $500 to make then that means I can quickly turn around a $400 profit *or* I can very slowly turn around a $500 profit, assuming that my estimates of the future Bitcoin difficulty are accurate.  It's reasonable to take $400 now instead of $500 over the next 6 months, *especially* if you can then go and reinvest that $400 in producing and selling more miners over that time period.
That's not to say that there isn't an incentive for ASIC manufacturers to plug some of their machines in (they can probably produce miners faster than their demand), and it's not to say that it isn't necessarily in their best interest to mine with the miner for a month before selling it, but it *does* give an explanation for why they would sell at all.  
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:09:18
This is a great explanation of "why."  Something I'd like to add, though, is that this is the way it's been in Bitcoin for a long time:
* Some piece of news comes out that is *really* good news.
* That increases adoption by a significant amount
* That increases price
* The price increase triggers speculation
* Speculation triggers more speculation
* Speculative bubble eventually collapses, but recovers to somewhere between the peak and the start of the cycle
* Price then slowly recedes over the next few months
I've watched the price go from &lt;$1 to &gt;$30, crash to ~$10 then subside down to &lt;$2.50.  I've watched the price then go on a run-up to $260 and crash to ~$100, then wane to ~$80.  Now we've had a really impressive jump up to ~$1200 which crashed to ~$800, followed by another crash (Thanks, Gox!) that got us to where we are now.
It's quite possible that this cycle will repeat itself again, but I can't tell the future so I won't make any predictions.  I'm not even going to speculate as to the causes of the various aspects of this cycle (although explanation sounds as good as any--better than most, even).  What I will say, though, is that this type of movement is not uncommon.  The cycle has come around several times so far, so the real question is whether or not it will continue into another round.  Answering that question is left as an exercise for the reader. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 10:20:09


Wouldn't the open-source licence of the Bitcoin software prevent this problem?  There may be some requirement for non commercial use (been a while since I've read the license), but considering the fact that the Armory wallet is built directly from the QT code, as are dozens of altcoin clients I really think that copyright violation isn't an issue.  
@_date: 2014-10-22 18:32:16
I present an open challenge to ANYONE to give an argument for why "bits" is the best name for this unit that doesn't center around the fact that people are starting to use it.  Remember:  the whole premise of switching to "bits" now (despite the fact that it is a nearly uselessly small unit right now) is that the community is still small enough that a change should be possible, so the moderate adoption that "bits" has already isn't nearly convincing.  By the same logic we should switch to a name that makes the most sense right now to avoid confusion in the future.
"Bits" presents opportunity for confusion.  It's not an absurd assumption to guess that a "bit" is a shorthand way to refer to a bitcoin, which we already see in established terms like "millibit," which would appear to be 1/10 of a Satoshi if "bits" gets widespread adoption.  There's also potential for confusion when discussing the structure of Bitcoin (skeptics often need to understand Bitcoin before they accept it), since you wind up discussing things like "256 bit security."  Using "bits" for this unit just doesn't make any sense—there are already too many uses of the term.  Please reconsider the term before it gets too entrenched.  
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:49:15
That's awesome news!  I get a little annoyed seeing people pushing single massive P2Pool nodes as the solution to massive pools.  The real solution is just like you describe:  making it be even easier to run your own node (I think it's already pretty easy, personally, but it could benefit from some better tutorials and a more user-friendly GUI).
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:54:49
They are technically different attacks, yes, but they are similar.  Block-withholding attack is the more devious of the two, though.
With selective orphaning they wait until another pool mines a block and publishes it then they build around it.  Everyone sees that pool as being unusually unlucky in winning orphan races.  This takes &gt;50% of the network to always work and works sometimes with &lt;50%.
With block withholding they mine directly on another pool, but when they come up with a valid block they just don't publish it (although they still claim rewards for lower-difficulty shares).  Everyone sees that pool as being unusually unlucky in solving blocks.  This can be done with any amount of mining power. 
Both have the same fundamental effect, though:  the attacker gets more of the valid blocks in a dishonest manner. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:55:47
There are some purchases I wish I hadn't made (e.g. ASIC Miner USB miners, although there's something nice about having my own GH/s for only a few Watts; I just point it at a P2Pool nood and ignore the power costs as a cost of a hobby).  
Overall it's hard to say, but my money's on no, I would not have done better just buying in directly with cash (assuming I bought in at the same rate that I spent money--I would love to go back and spend $450 on Bitcoin back when it was $2/coin!).  My cash investment in hardware for mining has been very very little--almost all of the hardware I would have bought anyway while this GPU was bought with the proceeds from previous mining.  I hit Litecoin pretty hard when it was young and that turned out pretty nicely for me.
I don't think it's healthy to look at the last two years and to use that as a prediction for the next two years--that's bubble thinking.  I don't think that Bitcoin itself is a bubble but even in the best case (S-curve) it has to level off sometime. I don't think we're going to see another 500 fold increase for quite a long time.  Then again, though, I didn't think we were going to get above $100/BTC so perhaps my predictions aren't worth a damn.
Ultimately I guess the best advice is always to not put all your eggs in one basket.  Mining is probably going to do better than keeping cash in your mattress.  Buying and holding Bitcoins is probably going to do better than the mattress approach as well, as are a whole host of other investment opportunities.  In my situation I think adding the extra card will pay off nicely, but I'm not about to go spend all of my holdings on building a mining farm.  
@_date: 2014-06-15 23:41:33
Choose your P2Pool node?  I choose myself.
Setting up P2Pool is incredibly simple.  It has a reputation for being complicated, but that reputation is entirely unwarranted.  The top post from [this]( bitcoin talk thread lays it out nicely.  In summary:
* Run Bitcoin-Core, Bitcoin-QT, Bitcoind, etc. and download the blockchain
* Make a bitcoin.conf file with the specified entries
* Download and run the P2Pool software (on Linux you may want to compile from source; Windows has a .exe that you can run).
* Forward the appropriate port from your router (each router is different, but most aren't too difficult)
* Point your miners at your own computer
* ~~???????~~  There is no hidden step
* Profit.
Sending everyone to mine at other people's P2Pool nodes for a fee is likely to wind up with the same centralization problem down the line.  One node will offer the best services and will gather too much power.  A node with &gt;50% of the P2Pool power can 51% the pool itself, and a node with at least 33% of the network power can take on the entire network.  If we want decentralized mining then running our own P2Pool nodes is the way to go.
If you are worried about maintaining constant uptime you can just set a failover to a public P2Pool.  Merged mining may be more difficult—I have not found a good guide for this yet—but the gain from that is likely less than the 1% fee that most public nodes charge. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:03:59
The strange outputs would look a lot less strange in a number system where 1/45 is a terminating decimal--for all of the outputs take the total value of the output and divide by 45.  The first several addresses each get 1/45 of the output, while the next several each get 4/45 of the output.  The exception to that is the most recent, where the first several each get 1/180 (1/4 \* 1/45) of the output, while the others get 19/180 of the output.
For my money this address is paying out money to shareholders proportional to their shares.  If there were 45 public shares initially held by some people with 1 share and other people with 4 shares then the behavior matches perfectly.  The most recent payout suggests some sort of a redistribution of shares.
That's just one explanation, though.  It could be a big holder just tumbling his coins around.  It could be some service splitting their coins up into various wallets for some reason.  I don't think it's a case of transaction malleability, though. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:14:53
Good point, and the math checks out--12 hours is about 72 blocks; 1% hash power means a 99% chance of *not* finding any given block, and 0.99^72 is about 0.5.
If that were the time that the typical transaction takes then I would absolutely agree there is a major problem, but I still feel like it wouldn't be too bad for low-value transactions.  One percent of the hash rate is still a huge amount--that's more than ASIC Miner holds.  I feel like if you control enough mining power to bring in over $25,000 worth of Bitcoin per day you aren't going to be terribly inclined to use that power to steal your lunch and you'd be even less inclined to use it to help other people steal their lunch (since word of this collusion would likely devalue the coins you're mining).
I'm not saying people should be throwing caution to the wind when accepting zero-confirmation transactions, but for most low-value transactions I don't see a big deal with it.  Certainly something like a crypto-to-crypto exchange where you can run off with lots of coins following a double-spend needs to wait until a confirmation or 6 has come through, but in most cases I feel like the cost to pull off the attack just doesn't merit the value to be gained. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:16:13
The whole *encrypted* key could be shown and it would still be a huge undertaking to crack.  Nowhere in the image is there even a partial private key shown.
Cracking BIP38 encrypted keys is absurdly slow, even if the passphrase is only a few characters long and you have the whole encrypted key.
It's bad practice, granted, but it's really not a significant security risk. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:06:53
It's one of several competing theories right now.  Nothing is confirmed.  
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:17:14
Wallets do need a random number during the signing process when generating a transaction.  This was the point of failure for the Android wallet bug a while back.  An ECC digital signature takes the message (i.e. the transaction data) and private key as well as a random "ephemeral key" to produce the signature ("k" in step 3 of [this]( description).  If you use the same ephemeral key for two signatures with the same private key then the private key becomes exposed, so you need to make sure that the signing device can produce sufficient entropy.
@_date: 2014-03-05 08:09:14
Let me rephrase your question to see if I have it correctly:
How much money would it take (in hardware and electricity) to solve every block from the genesis to date at the difficulty it was solved at using the best (i.e. most efficient) current hardware?
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:34:30
A great example of this happening was a recent update that luke-jr pushed which blacklisted addresses seen to be spammy, bloating the blockchain (things like Satoshi Dice).  Independent reviewers in the community saw the changes and called them out.  People didn't update and the changes were ultimately reverted.
Enough full nodes (and *especially* mining nodes) are run by people with the technical background needed to avoid this kind of issue.  
@_date: 2014-03-05 10:15:14
Using an online service like blockchain.info for small quantities of Bitcoin is fine, but many people aren't satisfied with that level of security.  The thing about Bitcoin is that it gives the individual the power to secure their coins very very well against loss and theft.  Consider this:  if blockchain.info went down right now would you be able to access your coins?
Bitcoin may seem complicated, and perhaps it is, but it's simple enough that it only takes a few hours of research to understand how the entire protocol works.  I'd love to see someone make a few hour presentation that describes how the US Dollar works--everything from minting to every type of electronic transfer--at a level that would let someone judge for themselves how secure the system is.  If you don't want that intimate of an understanding then it's still only a few minutes of reading (provided you're reading the right things) to understand fully what every term in your title means and why it's important to the design of Bitcoin.  By understanding each of these concepts you can use them to ensure the security and availability of your coins without having to rely on a centralized third party.
It's also necessary to understand many of these terms in order to trust the system.  People on average don't understand how the dollar works, but it's commonplace and they see it working every day so they don't question it.  Bitcoin is something new so people don't have the same level of experience to trust it without understanding it.  Thus, people need a greater level of understanding of how the system works before they are willing to accept that it is secure and worth investing their time and money in.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:11:31
People keep dismissing this as just being the transaction malleability issue, but it seems fishy to me:  as I understand it a 3rd party can only exploit transaction malleability to make a second version of the exact same transaction--same inputs, same outputs--with a different TXID.  The attacker doesn't know the private keys involved so they can't sign a transaction from or to a different address. 
However, the two transactions that are conflicting only share a single input.  This means that whoever knows the private key of 1MeWRFguWEeMFHu6BjHynT4VUT5KxcjNU1 signed *both* transactions.  Definitely bears looking into more in my opinion. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:43:09
I doubt that is really an issue.  If your client is in BTC then you probably are thinking in BTC, and would you really buy something that you think is 1000 times more expensive than it really is?  On top of that, most users don't have *that* much in their wallet--big holders are probably keeping most of their holdings in an offline wallet.
Even if someone happened to be that 1 in a million case of spending 1000 times too much, they should just have to open a support ticket and get the difference refunded.  
I'm all for clearly marking prices as being BTC/mBTC, but I don't think that overpaying by a factor of 1000 is really an issue to worry about. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:55:56
It's about halfway paid for itself when looking at Bitcoins spent versus Bitcoins mined.  Over the same period holding Bitcoins would have obviously exactly broken even, but holding cash would appear to have been the best return of the immediately obvious options.  Alas, hindsight.  Still, though, I'm happy with the card and I'm sure it has plenty of life left in it.
Profitability has actually been going better than I expected.  Of Litecoin's past 8 difficulty adjustments 4 have been down and one was basically holding even (+0.59%).  Its difficulty has returned about to where it was at new year's.  Perhaps more impressive, though, is the fact that Dogecoin has managed to maintain a profitability edge over Litecoin pretty consistently, despite going through a reward halving. 
@_date: 2014-06-29 01:52:38
If I understand correctly this is more of catching up to the pack than jumping out ahead of it.
They got rid of a law that prohibited Bitcoin's use.  Do other states have similar laws that have not been repealed?
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:37:31
That design sounds like PPS, which some pools use/have used.  However, it is not sustainable to do that with zero fees—if the pool is ever unlucky then the miners get paid proportionally too much.  It's also much more vulnerable to a block withholding attack, as the block withholder steals from the pool owner in PPS instead of the miners, concentrating the loss; this allows a malicious pool or individual to greatly harm an honest PPS pool. 
PPS is perfectly sustainable with a sufficient fee, though, realized either as an explicit percentage or just as a lower value paid per share or even as a luck-based value that partially smooths luck variance.  Someone has to pay for the pool's server, though, which makes zero-fee pools difficult in the first place.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:08:42
Maybe?  What do you really expect to say?
The price took a big hit when the Gox story broke, so if you expect the price to recover then that would make now a good time to buy.  That said, though, the (Bitstamp) price bottomed out at $400 and is not back to $530.  You may have missed the boat... or you may not have.
I don't claim to predict the future, but many people will make such claims.  More news could come out that pushes the price even lower, or news could come out that shows that things are even worse than they seem.  The only prediction that I will make is that the price will be even more volatile than usual while the Gox situation works its way out.
As always, don't invest more than you can afford to lose.  I wouldn't recommend buying "a ton of bitcoin" to anyone--it's just too big of a risk to put a significant amount of your net worth into, and the present Gox fiasco offers many examples of what happens when people don't heed that advice.  If you do decide that now is a good time to buy (aside:  I would probably buy now if I had been wanting to increase my Bitcoin exposure) then definitely do your research and learn how to properly secure your coins.  Bitcoin gives you the tools to secure your money against loss or theft more securely than any bank, but you have to use those tools to reap that benefit.  Don't be the person who comes back in 2 weeks with a story about how you lost everything by keeping your coins in an unencrypted wallet.  
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:24:50
What amazes me is that that line wasn't in there just once--it was repeated twice verbatim!  The biggest argument that he has against Bitcoin is demonstrably false.
The bullshit is strong with this one...
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:13:32
Just give it two weeks. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:15:44
It's also worth pointing out that ECDSA is known to be weak against quantum computing attacks, and quantum computers are starting to be developed.
If someone (say, the NSA, which has a history of being at the bleeding edge of cryptography code breaking, often with some classified technology) manages to get a working 256 qubit quantum computer then ECDSA will be about as secure against them as writing in Pig Latin.  Much of the internet will need to be reworked overnight to support forms of public key cryptography that are strong against quantum computing and Bitcoin will be no exception there.  
At that point if the party that has a quantum computer wanted to then they could start carrying out attacks against a wide range of targets.  Banks and credit card companies would be prime targets, but reused Bitcoin addresses could possibly be even greater opportunities.
It's pretty much certain that the day will come when quantum computers are powerful enough to take on 256 bit ECDSA.  It's debatable whether or not they will be used to attack Bitcoin directly, but if you don't reuse addresses then that's not an issue in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:40:10
The issue with deflation isn't that people won't buy things.  People buy things because they need them.  Relatively few purchases are meticulously planned out.  If deflation was going to make people not consume then nobody would ever buy a computer--you can buy a faster one for the same amount of money by waiting a few months.  Applying that argument in real life shows that it doesn't really work.
That's not to say that a deflationary currency is all good, though.  What it does cause is is issues with investing.  Investments *are* often planned out.  If someone can expect a few percent deflation then that person would rather hold their money than put it into an investment that will likely return less.  Even if the investment returns slightly more they may not go for that investment because holding a currency is very low risk (compared to holding something denominated in that currency).  If you hold 10 BTC for a year you will almost certainly not have less than 10 BTC at the end of the year.  This means that investments have to offer a larger return in order to get investors.
It also is bad news for lenders.  This subreddit likes to hate on banks but the simple fact is they provide a valuable service (ideally they would provide said service without corruption, but ideally we'd all have our own private unicorn to ride to work in candy land).  In order for a bank to lend out money to people who are going to make big purchases they have to charge some positive interest rate--the bank could increase the real value of their holdings by just sitting on it, but they need to increase the nominal value of their holdings in order to pay depositors interest.  Thus, if the deflation rate is 5% per year then nobody can get a loan that appreciates in real value slower than 5%, probably 6 or 7%.  By contrast, if the currency is inflating at 5% per year then the bank can charge a nominal 6 or 7% interest rate which makes the loan increase in real value at only 1-2% per year.  In a deflationary system there is an absolute minimum real interest rate that people borrowing money must pay.  Deflationary currencies trap people who are in debt (could you imagine having a debt of $100 denominated in Bitcoins from 2011?  It would be tens of thousands of dollars by now thanks to the increase of value in Bitcoins).
The other big problem with deflation is sticky prices.  People tend to fall for the "money illusion," which is the tendency to see money in terms of numbers, not purchasing power.  It is what leads to the notion of "when I was a kid a dime would buy you a bus fare, a movie ticket, and a bag of popcorn!" when a dime was also all you would get paid for an hour's wage (disclaimer: values made up).  If someone makes $100,000 one year and is given a $1000 raise at the end of the year while there's 2% inflation then they tend to be happier than if they get a $1000 pay cut with 2% deflation, even though their real wage increased in the second scenario while it decreased in the first.  If prices are consistently falling then things get cheaper (by definition), which means the companies have less money to pay their employees so they have to cut wages.  This is massively unpopular since the average person doesn't understand economics (for proof just look at how often has people asking why we can't just make the minimum wage be $100/hour).
It is for these reasons that I don't think Bitcoin has any future as a currency adopted on a national scale--even for a relatively small nation.  I think it'll be used as a store of wealth similar to Gold and I think it'll provide enough competition to force Western Union and the like to either change or go out of business.  I think that it also has a strong position in the transaction processing industry (i.e. competing against PayPal and Credit Cards), but I don't think we'll ever see it as a national currency.
@_date: 2014-06-29 18:58:14
Wow... of all the stuff that goes on on *this* is what makes it on Huh. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 18:23:44
That would be incorrect.  That article bases its analysis on the assumption that people will pick bad passwords.  The key to a strong brainwallet is to not let human decisions control what the wallet is going to be.
You can get plenty of entropy with random words quite trivially.  In fact, you can take any existing key and convert it into a brainwallet of sorts (it would use a different algorithm than "private key = SHA256(wallet pass phrase)" but it proves the concept).  You can do this with any key and it is entirely an offline process, so clearly brainwallets are not easier to brute force as a general guarantee (although certainly many are).
The insecurity comes when you start making the phrase non-random.  If, for example, you generated a random phrase and found that the words were *almost* in alphabetical order but you prefer alphabetical order so you reorder a couple of words then you have removed entropy.  If you notice that there was one word repeated three times but you don't feel like you like that so you remove those words then you have removed entropy.  If you randomly generate a word that you don't like so you replace it then you have lost entropy.
As a demonstration that a sufficiently long brain wallet is secure, let's say you use diceware.  Each word is chosen by rolling five dice, which selects one word out of 7,776 (that's 6^5 ).  If you use 12 words then that means there are 4.88 \* 10^46 combinations.  Add in a thirteenth and you have 3.80 \* 10^50 .  By comparison, the RIPEMD160 hash used in address creation has 160 bits or 2^160 = 1.46 \* 10^48 combinations.  With a 12-word diceware password you have essentially the same security as anything else.  With a 13-word password you have excess entropy that gets lost.
There are plenty of pitfalls when using brain wallets, but it is quite possible to use them safely and securely. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 22:39:22
Not necessarily.  May have accidentally come up with the same brain wallet phrase as someone else; a phrase that is uncommon enough that the people who *do* look for wallets hasn't uncovered.  
Be careful with what you declare is "obvious."  That may well have been the case, but there are other perfectly plausible explanations that don't involve claiming that OP is a liar and a (large scale) thief. 
In fact, if I were doing this on a large scale then I would never make OP's post.  There's no real benefit in convincing people he is doing a good thing and would only draw attention to the fact that he is someone who might be sweeping general brain wallets.  It's already pretty much the perfect crime; why would one come on and draw attention to it?
@_date: 2014-02-10 03:37:17
I'm a little tired of reading about speculation on various major companies accepting Bitcoin, but I've been following Bitcoin for nearly 3 years so I'm probably not the target audience.
What you could emphasize instead is that there are various ways to purchase things on these websites indirectly by using other services; I've heard great reviews of Gyft.
@_date: 2014-11-03 17:07:43
Whoever is building the blocks.  For solo miners that's the miner and for conventional pools it's the pool.  For a distributed pool like P2Pool it's the miners since that setup once again re-distributes the task of choosing transactions back to the miners.
In any case it's the person who owns the hashing power who is approving of the selection process.  If a miner is mining at a pool that isn't including transactions the way that miner thinks they should then they can go mine somewhere else. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:49:03
Man, you've made a lot of predictions in the past 20 hours that your account has existed.
I compared your credentials with the shills and have come to the conclusion that you are one of them.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:42:17
Directly running the software is nothing to be afraid of.  I had heard so many times that P2Pool is way too complicated to set up, but a few days ago I decided to take the plunge.  It was really quite trivial to set up, including adding a failover pool for my miners so that if the software goes down for some reason I will still be mining.
I highly recommend giving the P2Pool software a shot.  If you're already running a full Bitcoin node then setting up P2Pool is really painless. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 05:04:01
The common ones you'll see are:
* 0.001 BTC = 1 mBTC = one millibitcoin or one millibit
* 0.000 001 BTC = 1 uBTC or, if you're feeling fancy, 1 μBTC = one microbitcoin (or perhaps microbit, but these are seldom used)
* 0.000 000 01 BTC = 1 Satoshi, presently the smallest denomination of Bitcoin.
This setup is nice because you never have to have a number with any leading zeroes (e.g. if your number was 0.01 mBTC then you can just use 10 μBTC), and at the bottom you have a nice relationship of μBTC to Satoshis that is 100 to one, like Dollars/cents or Pound/Pence, etc.  
I've also seen 0.01 BTC = one "Bit-cent" or just "bitcent" but that is less common in my experience.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:48:30
I can't imagine anyone making that sale on purpose.  Whoever was behind that sale just lost millions of dollars.  For my money somebody had one of the more expensive typos in history. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 22:31:11
This is not quite right.  You've described a hard fork accurately, but not a soft fork.  Both a soft fork and a hard fork occur when there are different rules about what blocks are valid.  Nodes disagreeing on what transactions should be relayed before they're included in a block is not a fork at all—you don't wind up with two competing sides of the blockchain at any point.  All nodes are free to choose whatever rules they'd like when forwarding transactions and can freely disagree without any substantial problems. 
A hard fork occurs when something that used to be invalid becomes allowed (or, more generally, when backwards compatibility is broken, but this is the most common way), such as the change from Bitcoin Qt version 0.7.X to 0.8.0 (IIRC) when blocks over 250 kb became valid.  This change means that an older node is no longer going to stay synced to the network, assuming that the majority of people upgrade.  As soon as a block &gt;250 kb is accepted into the main chain all of the miners who haven't upgraded get left behind.  Hard forks are resolved either by people downgrading to the older software (as happened in that case), or by everyone upgrading to the new software (as has happened in various altcoins).
A soft fork, on the other hand, occurs when something that was valid becomes invalid.  In this case a node will not get left behind and is not required to update to maintain compatibility with the network unless they are mining (and even then it's not necessarily catastrophic for them to not upgrade).  An example of this would be introducing a new kind of transaction which appears to older nodes to be a "pay to anyone" transaction, but newer nodes see the stricter rules.  A non-mining, un-upgraded node will see that transaction come through in a block and will have no reason to reject the block like they would have with a hard fork.  They will continue to correctly identify the longest chain and will stay current with the state of the network.
Hard forks are an issue if any substantial minority of the miners do not upgrade, as they will be left behind and be vulnerable to double spends.  Soft forks are an issue if a majority of miners do not upgrade, as that will allow the un-upgraded miners to 51% the upgraded miners.  As long as over half of the miners upgrade in a soft fork the network will carry on just fine without issues. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:12:08
The solution is to make chargebacks a feature that is built on top of the payment system instead of as a part of it.  That way it can be used when needed but doesn't drive up transaction costs for purchases where it is unnecessary. 
As for theft prevention, that is an issue but hopefully it can hopefully be minimized--there are lots of tools out there that effectively thwart Bitcoin thieves but they need to be made more user-friendly to reach a wider audience.  That said, though, the biggest step towards minimizing it is by using asymmetric encryption instead of giving your entire credit card number to every merchant you buy from.  The idea that you hand over all of the information necessary to pull money from your account every time you make a credit card transaction and then just hope that the merchant doesn't take more than is due just floors me.  
I would never make a small purchase from a small website with no reputation using my credit card because even though I can issue chargebacks to recover lost funds sent to that website I also have to go through a lot of hassle to deal with having a card stolen.  By contrast, I would happily make an escrow-secured transaction with Bitcoin since that gives the merchant no ability to steal additional funds and I also get the protection from escrow.
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:18:58
Your link is broken, should be  (your link has an extra "i" at the end).
While it's nice that they're doing this, it's doubtful that any of those systems would ever turn a profit--some quick back-of-the-envelope calculations suggests that it would take a year of mining 24/7 without the difficulty increasing in order to see a profit--not a likely scenario.  Still nice that they're aware of the market and giving people a choice.  If someone wanted a powerful gaming computer that can mine in its spare time and either can't or doesn't want to build their own computer then this could be a viable option.  Not sure how big that market niche is, but I suppose that's for the market to decide. 
@_date: 2015-05-08 15:16:14
And even if level 2 did exist we'd *still* need bigger blocks for Bitcoin to just take over for level 1. 
Bigger blocks have to happen. At best the argument is for when, how, and by how much the size increases. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 09:28:19
Honestly I think that's worse than "bits."  Right now everything in Bitcoin refers to 1 bitcoin as 100,000,000 Satoshis.  If there were to be a change to a new unit that is *also* called a Bitcoin (even with a "New Bitcoin" transition period) then you would always have to check when an article or post was written in order to determine whether they were talking about bitcoins or New Bitcoins.
New names should be as unique as possible to avoid this confusion. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 08:18:55
If they are sitting on a monster wallet then why would they not be transferring enough into their hot wallet to satisfy withdrawals?
From all I can see they either don't have the liquidity to cover the withdrawals (bad) or they do have it but won't (bad).  I can't see any reason why they would be unable to transfer cold funds into the hot wallet unless they either misplaced them (bad), lost them through poor business practices (bad), or straight-up stole them (very bad).  All in all I just can't see any way that this works out as a good thing for Mt Gox.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:26:42
That claim would have to be backed up by an actual statistical analysis.  The "41%" and "36%" numbers are just daily averages which should be expected to vary.  A 5% drop in 24 hours may be perfectly normal, or it may be abnormal enough to be suspicious.  I'm rusty on my statistics so I'm not able to say exactly what a daily variance should be.
**TL;DR** Exactly?  Maybe, maybe not.  Roughly like that?  yes.  Takes math to say for sure.
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:39:10
QR codes have some error checking built into them.  You can make different QR codes for the same data (say, a Bitcoin Address) with different amounts of error checking.  A code with less error checking/correction will be smaller but if a little bit of it is lost or destroyed then it will not scan.  A code with lots of error checking will be larger but you can rip off a good chunk of it and still manage to scan it.
As for scanning a QR code and getting an incorrect address, it's *technically* possible, but it'll probably never happen--*ever*--in the whole of human history (at least, not on accident).  As mentioned above, there is error detecting/correcting information included in a QR code.  This makes it very difficult for the code to scan and give *anything* other than the intended data--there would have to be a very precise error in the QR code which causes both the data and the error correcting data to be changed in just the right way.  You're already looking at slim odds.  However, from there the odds that the incorrectly read address is a valid Bitcoin address is very small--Bitcoin addresses *also* have error detecting code (a checksum at the end of the address).  In order to get a valid buy wrong Bitcoin address out of a QR code the planets have to align in such a ridiculous manner that you can effectively ignore the possibility.  You probably have a better chance of winning the lottery without buying a ticket (i.e. finding the winning ticket on the ground) than getting a bad Bitcoin address out of a QR code that was formed correctly. 
You should probably check the address as a force of habit, though.  If someone managed to swap out the QR code for their own then it's quite possible that the QR code is for an address that it shouldn't be for.  
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:51:28
Look at Line 44; pretty sure that's where the reference code makes a new key pair.  May not exactly where you were wanting, but should get you started nicely.
I'm pretty sure that the actual generation of key pairs is handled by openssl.  May have to dig through that to find what you're actually looking for. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:00:48
That's RSA, while Bitcoin uses ECC.  The general idea is right, though. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 22:32:48
Yes, it can.  A new altcoin needs to be innovative and popular enough to get a large enough population of dedicated miners to avoid this.  If a coin isn't innovative or popular enough to survive this then it was probably going to fail anyway.  I realize my opinion is harsh, but I'm not a fan of how many altcoins there are out there so I'm all for letting the market destroy the weakest ones.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:54:42
Out of curiosity, how do they maintain the system if they do not charge fees?  Surely running the servers to handle the load of several PH/s costs substantially more than zero.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 05:56:55
And it only takes one honest dev making a service that looks for double spends for this type of attack to be easily detected.  Like, say, [this]( one.
If a fraudulent double spend transaction is going to have any real chance of making it into a block it has to make it to a significant amount of the miners before the honest transaction does.  As long as most miners accept the first transaction they hear about you really have to send the fraudulent transaction at about the same time as the honest one, which means you're still going to be face-to-face with the merchant you're trying to steal from as their service detects the double spend.  Just shoplift instead.
The issue with trying to pull off a double spend like this is not that the miners never hear about your transaction--there are enough nodes that will forward all transactions--it's that the miners either hear about the honest transaction first (e.g. because you waited until you got your goods to initiate the double spend) or everyone hears about both transactions almost instantly, including the merchant.
In order for this type of attack to become dangerous miners would have to start listening for double-spend transactions and accepting the one with the higher fee (or just accepting the second one in general, but a higher transaction fee offers a reasonable incentive).  That type of behavior would be tantamount to a fundamental attack on Bitcoin, though, and I doubt the average miner would stand for it. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 03:52:03
Against my better judgement I'll step forward to show why I do not believe Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme.  Firstly, there are the obvious differences: Ponzi schemes are run by a centralized organization (or individual), while Bitcoin is decentralized--there's nobody to run the scheme.  Also, a Ponzi scheme revolves around promising huge returns; Bitcoin promises nothing.  There are certainly shills for and against Bitcoin who insist that the returns will be either 0 or unfathomably large, but as a protocol Bitcoin is silent on the matter.  Attack the shills if anything; they get a lot of flak but it's never enough. 
Those arguments aren't the strongest point, though.  One of the fundamental aspects of a Ponzi Scheme is that there is no legitimate business going on behind the front.  That is the aspect that makes it a fraud.  For example, a fractional reserve bank and a Ponzi scheme appear very very similar at first glance (and indeed many Ponzis use the premise of being a bank).  They both offer interest and pay withdrawals out of new deposits.  The fundamental difference, though, is that the bank has an income (though interest on loans).  It is providing a service and is being paid for that service.
In looking at Bitcoin it is clear that at least one service is being provided:  transaction processing.  It is arguable that Bitcoin competes favorably against conventional transaction processors (e.g. PayPal, Credit Cards, Western Union, Bank transfers, etc), but that argument isn't necessary.  The simple fact is that Bitcoin is providing a service and it is being paid for that service.  As such it is able, as an entity, to grow.  Transaction processing is not the only service that Bitcoin provides, although I feel it is the most valuable; it also can store as a store of value when other available options are even less viable--take Argentina, for example, where the inflation was so bad from 1970-present that the Peso Moneda nacional (in use from 1881-1969) was replaced by the Peso Ley at a 1:100 ratio, then by the Peso Argentino at a rate of 1:10,000, then the Austral, at a rate of 1:1000, then the Peso Convertible at a rate of 1:10000, for a total ratio of 100 trillion to 1; the volatility of Bitcoin may be worth it to a citizen who is facing that kind of inflation.  Also, Bitcoin provides the ability to transfer value around the world, either to family members (thereby directly competing with Western Union and the like) or on ones person, thereby serving individuals who wish to cross borders with large values on their person without having it seized by governments, corrupt or otherwise. 
Thus, if Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme then it is necessary to also call out many others as Ponzis.  Take Visa, for example, which has seen a doubling in stock price over the last 3 years while paying healthy dividends several times along the way all while only carrying out only one of the types of business that Bitcoin is used for--transaction processing.  Clearly they are a Ponzi, right?  Of course not!  When you go around slapping that label on anything and everything you disagree with you either wind up in a contradiction or you wind up with a meaningless label.  
If you want to point out flaws or weaknesses in Bitcoin then feel free.  For example, the price is based too much on speculation and not enough on adoption.  But to suggest that it is a Ponzi is an abuse of the term that ignores all of the people who are using Bitcoin instead of conventional methods to send money around the world, transact business, and store value.  If you think that Bitcoin is greatly overvalued then that is at least a defensible position, but the crowd that keeps yelling "Ponzi" just doesn't have a leg to stand on.  I do not believe that anyone can simultaneously understand Bitcoin and Ponzi Schemes and still honestly say that they are the same.
@_date: 2014-01-27 12:52:50
Ooh, only 2 weeks?  By that time my Butterfly Labs miner will be here!  /s
@_date: 2014-06-15 06:02:28
I think this is a good change in the short term.  Shouldn't take too much more than changing the port that P2Pool runs on, right?
I think it's possible to make some design changes to P2Pool to make this unnecessary, but for right now P2Pool is unworkably large for particularly small miners and is unattractively large for moderately small miners. The fastest solution is to spin up another P2Pool for small miners; it accomplishes most of the same effects without taking much programming work.  Ideally, though, the design of P2Pool should be addressed to make it more suitable as a large pool. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 20:07:00
Anal sex is a bad example.  These laws were universally struck down in a 2003 Supreme Court decision (Lawrence v Texas).  The laws may not have technically been repealed, but they are unenforceable for more than just practical reasons.  
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:41:41
The early blocks were not protected by SHA256 and RIPEMD160.  Their public key was posted immediately.  The change to hiding the public key didn't happen for several thousand blocks (even block 200,000's generation transaction uses a bare public key).  Additionally, there are plenty of addresses that have not observed the non re-use advice, and this isn't a problem that just affects the people who lose money in such an attack—those coins would hit the market and crash the value (on top of the news that ECDSA is no longer safe).
Additionally, SHA256 and RIPEMD160 have no *known* quantum algorithms that defeat them.  There's Grover's algorithm which reduces the security to only 80 bits, but that algorithm is designed for searching an unsorted database.  If you fold in knowledge of the hash algorithm being used then I would not be surprised at all to see these hash functions made much less secure by some dedicated work on developing a hash-breaking algorithm. 
The stance of "we'll fix it when it becomes a problem" is like saying you'll fix the steering on your car when you run off the road.  Preventative maintenance is infinitely better, in the sense that it actually works. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 01:43:52
I'm tired of seeing this old argument.  It would be extremely foolish to attempt a double spend on a face-to-face transaction, and if you want to steal from a store then just shoplifting is so much easier and lower risk.
When you buy something face-to-face you don't have much anonymity.  As a minimum you're showing the cashier your face, and most stores have security cameras.  Even if you manage to get out of the store before sending the double spend transaction you're still going to have a hard time ever going back to the store, since they'll be able to easily figure out which customer it was that stole from them.
By comparison, if you shoplift then the theft isn't uncovered until they take inventory and see that something is missing.  It's a lot more work to try to figure out which person it was that wandered out with the goods.
This is even ignoring the fact that most nodes tend to accept the first transaction they see and will refuse to relay any subsequent double spending transactions as they are non-standard.  If your double spend transaction comes more than a few seconds after the initial one then it's going to have a hard time propagating through the network, which means you have to do even *more* work to manually send the transaction to the nodes for most miners.  From there you have to hope that these miners will accept the double spend by including a large transaction fee, and for some miners even that won't work—if they're using the normal "isStandard" rules then the second transaction won't make it into their blocks no matter what the fee is.
The only time when you need to rely on confirmations is when the transaction was anonymous and when it has some form of instant effect, and even then it only makes sense when the loss is significant—a digital download that costs ~$1 doesn't need to wait.  An online exchange, though, needs to wait since your actions on the market can't be easily reversed and they don't want you trading with money you didn't actually deposit.  It's one of the few times when waiting for confirmations is both necessary and noticeable to the user.  You don't care, for example, if Amazon were to wait for confirmations since you'll generally get those confirmations before they ship the product anyway. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:42:55
That's approximately when the current source code would mine the last Satoshi.  Bitcoins are released roughly according to a geometric series—the first half were released in the first 4 years, the next quarter in the next 4 years, the next eighth in the next 4 years, and so on.
The mining stipend will be negligible in a decade or two by which point the transaction fees will have to have taken over the bulk of the mining reward. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:51:46
You can have a brain wallet that is secure, but many brain wallets are not.  If, for example, you use diceware to generate a 12 word seed and then memorize that seed then you're pretty much as safe against brute force attack as if you had generated a key in other secure ways.  However, if you take your favorite song lyric and use it as your brain wallet then you'll be lucky if your coins last 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 09:25:41
You're probably not going to get too many good responses here.  Bitcoin mining is becoming a more and more exclusive club and it's nearly impossible to make profit right now off of SHA256 hash coins.  You'll probably get better advice in another sub, like or This sub tends to be fairly anti-altcoin as a general trend. 
That said, I will give some general pointers.  Firstly, it's generally not the best move to go and grab the biggest, baddest GPU you can find.  They have the highest hash rates, but not the best performance per dollar or per Watt typically.  Unless you're getting a great deal on that card it probably won't perform as well as something slightly lower in price, performance, and power consumption.  Shop around. 
Also, you should be aware that the profitability of DOGE is about to tank--we're only about 1,000 one-minute blocks from the reward halving on that chain, which is much shorter than the amount of time it would take you to get that rig and get it set up.  Whatever profitability numbers you're seeing for Dogecoin should be cut in half to be realistic for even the short term.
Mining isn't just a matter of turning on your computer and watching it print money.  You have to deal with power costs (or, rather, your father does, most likely.  Be upfront about these costs if you want to carry this venture out on good terms), as well as noise and heat (which can be great in the winter but adds even *more* power costs in the summer for air conditioning, depending on your local climate).  If you want to be profitable then you need to be prepared to jump from one altcoin to the next to maximize profits.  Doing this for a relatively small operation (e.g. one single card) is going to be a decent amount of work for relatively meager gains.  You could make money faster with almost any other application of that amount of time.
You shouldn't be completely discouraged, though.  Getting into GPU mining can be a lot of fun and you *can* make reasonable profits with relatively little effort.  You probably won't make the 6-month break-even, especially for a full system like that, but you will probably break even in the long run.  If you want to improve your break-even time then you should look into building a rig that is more in-line with what the people over at tend to put together--grab a board like the AS Rock H61 Pro BTC (if you can find it; the H81 version will work, too, but needs a slightly more expensive processor) which can be expanded up to 6 cards (the more cards per motherboard the less impact the price of the motherboard, CPU, and memory will have), a cheap processor, minimal amounts of RAM, a USB drive to boot off of (no sense wasting money and power on a hard drive for a dedicated rig), then put all of the rest of the budget into getting high quality PSUs and GPUs.  No need to dedicate a monitor, mouse, or keyboard to the computer--you should learn how to SSH into the machine as part of the project (could help sell your dad on the idea, too--it's an opportunity for you to develop technical skills like this).  Choosing a case can be dicey--you need lots of room but big cases are expensive.  Perhaps an home-built case is ideal for your situation; perhaps not. 
Shop around and use the [Litecoin Mining Hardware Comparison]( as a guide.  Remember not to take the *top* number for the card you're looking at; take something in the middle of the road (e.g. the HD7990 is listed at anywhere from 1125 to 1518 kH/s.  I would expect it to perform at about 1300 kH/s when making estimates).  When projecting profitability be aware of difficulty rising and rewards dropping.  Also, note that calculators tend to overestimate profitability anyway--they assume 100% uptime and no fees, typically.
@_date: 2016-01-28 16:44:13
I work in computer vision with deep learning. I understand the blockchain. That post is a garbled mess of buzzwords. May as well be "hack their GUI with Visual Basic" or "reverse the polarity if the neutron flow."
It has just enough technical sounding words to be appealing, while not actually stringing them together in a way that makes any sense. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:00:49
It's not necessarily that dire.  The attack required about 200 signatures from the same address before it had reasonably good success in deriving the private key of an address.  Using a fresh address for *every* transaction and discarding after 100 transactions are pretty far apart.  Treating addresses as disposable is still a good idea, though--it adds an extra layer of security since the only thing available to an attacker is the hash of a public key.  
I feel like the tone of this announcement makes the attack sound more potent than it actually is--not that I'm against that.  People often need that extra boost of sensationalism to be convinced to change their habits.
It should be pointed out that the flaw is not inherent in Bitcoin--the vulnerability exists in OpenSSL itself; Bitcoin is affected because it uses OpenSSL (in at least the QT wallet; probably others).  That is to say, any program using OpenSSL (and potentially other ECDSA implementations) is vulnerable, whether it uses the secp256k1 curve or not.  This proof of concept attack is significant for a far wider audience than just Bitcoin.
I believe this type of attack can be *relatively* easily thwarted.  The obvious first line of defense is to not reuse addresses, but that's not always an attractive option.  However, the very core of the attack can be largely defeated with a fairly simple adjustment.  
The attack works by trying to hack into the computation of a certain portion of the ECDLP.  During that portion it is necessary to carry out repeated additions and doublings.  Whether an addition or a doubling is carried out is dependent on secret keys (the private key and the ephemeral key).  The attacking program screws with the cache to determine whether an addition or a doubling took place (it measures the time its own code takes to execute and uses that to determine whether or not it was cached, thereby inferring whether or not the other program was cached).
Thus, an effective counter to the attack is to ensure that in each loop both the addition and the doubling are carried out.  Naturally this is less efficient than only carrying out the calculations that are absolutely necessary, but that's how it often goes in cryptography--you seldom get to thwart an attack for free.  This approach is essentially mirroring the weakness they call out under the subtitle "False positives due to speculative execution."
The authors of the paper also call out another defense that is specific to the secp256k1 curve that Bitcoin uses--using a different method instead of the doubling and adding.  This curve was specifically designed to be faster to use, so this approach not only protects against the attack laid out in the paper--it also speeds up the algorithm.  However, this defense is only partial--after a few hundred signatures the key would still fall.  The best defense is probably to not reuse addresses (or to sign the transactions on a machine not connected to the internet then to ferry the signed transactions over to a computer that can broadcast them).
As always, everyone should be keeping their coins in an encrypted wallet (although that doesn't necessarily help here), offline if reasonable, or on a trustworthy computer otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:28:01
Completely fungible?  No.  Only when anonymity is preserved.  For example, [these]( coins are pretty seriously tainted--if they start moving then lots of people are going to notice, and if you try to spend them somewhere that happens to be watching then they're definitely going to notice.  That is just one example of an infamous address; there are plenty of others.
This service is the definition of money laundering, assuming it's legitimate.  I would assume that the person with dirty coins pays a percentage of their coins in exchange for clean coins, and that the person with clean coins gets most of the extra (with some cut going to the middlemen, of course).  
@_date: 2016-06-08 15:08:26
It is very, very, very difficult to make a profit mining Bitcoin even at that scale. You have to compete on a worldwide stage against players that are ruthless and unforgiving, all while gambling that prices and difficulty will behave nicely.
For an example of what it takes to be successful, I have a friend who purchased about that muchining hardware. He made a profit but only because his electric company offers a flat rate plan for any amount of electricity usage (they're crazy to do so, but that's their loss and his gain). If you want to mine you're up against that. 
It wasn't a gold mine for him, though. The project took substantial time and effort to set up. He had to get extra circuits run. He has to check up on his miners periodically and he has had some of them fail. He lost the use of his garage which is now incredibly hot and loud (you can hear the miners clearly from much of the house). It is real work for which the pay is less than he gets paid for his day job. Luckily for him, it's also a hobby which happens to earn back its investment. 
His story is not typical. He really knows what he's doing and has been fairly lucky. Getting into mining right now is quite a big risk, though, with the halving coming up. Be sure to take that into account with your calculations. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:13:45
 You're conflating a few parts of mining.
The difficulty determines how much work has to be done in order to solve a block. If more people start mining or come up with a more efficient way to mine then the difficulty goes up, such that there's always about 10 minutes between blocks. The mining difficulty can make it so that a specific miner takes longer to find a block, but the network as a whole stays about the same speed.
When a block is found it confirms a bunch of transactions.  There's limited space in each block, so as Bitcoin grows there's more competition to get your transaction into a block. That is the source of rising transaction fees. There are a lot of varying opinions about how Bitcoin should scale in this regard.
Finally, you look towards the future when the block stipend is gone or negligible. Miners can only go so far to encourage higher fees. The ideal scenario is that technology advances to the point where a massive transaction volume is possible, then low per-transactipm fees still add up to a lucrative block reward that entices miners to mine. If the transaction volume isn't high enough then people transacting will have to volunteer the fees to keep holders' coins safe. If that doesn't happen then the overall block reward drops and it potentially becomes viable to attack Bitcoin. We're a long way from seeing which of those scenarios will happen, though. Bitcoin is still comfortably in its inflationary period and doesn't have to rely on fees to pay the miners. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:35:12
Yup. If you want to have your transaction included in the next block then you can volunteer a higher fee than others are offering. In a sense block space is "auctioned off" that way. 
Miners are still free to ignore your transaction if they want–they can confirm or ignore any valid transaction–but most prioritize based on fees per byte of data. 
@_date: 2015-08-30 16:10:28
From a security perspective it is completely safe. Bitcoin addresses are protected by ECDSA, SHA256, and RIPEMD160. You'd have to break all three to steal someone's coins given just an address, but if all three of these pieces of cryptography fall at about the same time then the world will be in turmoil for a while as everything scrambles to switch to something more secure.
There could be privacy concerns, though. If you publicly post "I'm Joe Bob and I own the address 1ABCxyz..." then people will be able to know that you control that address (although you could be lying; there are ways to prove that you own an address). From there they can watch the address and see when you receive coins there. They can also look and see if any transactions are sent from that address and also signed from another address. This would prove that you owned both of the addresses. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 00:45:00
Probably right, and then there'll likely be outcry for the "censorship" when OP broke one of the very few stated rules of reddit: [asking for votes](
@_date: 2015-08-17 21:18:07
Further adding to confusion, there are two kinds of blockchain forks.  You've discussed hard forks, but there are also soft forks.
When deciding which blocks to consider valid a node looks for the longest chain of work containing only valid blocks.  If any block breaks the rules then it is rejected and so are all the ones that are built off of it.
When changing Bitcoin there are two general changes that are possible:  prohibiting an action that used to be allowed, and allowing an action that used to be prohibited.  When you allow something that used to be prohibited—like making blocks bigger than 1 MB—you start to see blocks that break the old rule.  Any node that wasn't updated will refuse this block no matter how much work is built on top of it.  A non-mining node gets left behind, while a mining node does worthless work.  This is a hard fork.  There have been no planned hard forks in Bitcoin history to my knowledge; certainly not once it got of the ground.  The March 2013 incident was a hard fork like event but was unplanned and was quickly resolved.
On the other hand, when you prohibit something that used to be allowed you wind up with blocks that still follow all of the old rules and *also* follow an additional rule.  The new blocks are backwards compatible.  A node that doesn't update may try breaking one of these rules but it'll just get denied; it will still be able to download and follow the state of the blockchain.  If it is a mining node then it may mine blocks that are rejected, but it might get lucky and produce a valid block anyway.  Soft forks have been used on many occasions with little fanfare.  One such use would be the addition of P2SH where an older node would see such a transaction as a "pay to anyone" transaction that just happens to go unredeemed for a while before someone grabs it.  
@_date: 2015-07-25 12:55:48
You do realize that block rewards are fixed and that block times retarget every 2 weeks, right? The hash rate can increase by a factor of billions and the rate at which Bitcoin are mined will stay largely the same. The greater Bitcoin production rate can't last longer than 2 weeks unless the network speed jumps even more. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:24:02
Bitcoin QT was deprecated a long time ago when it was superceded with Bitcoin Core. What version are you using? There's a good chance that if it's labeled as Bitcoin QT then it's very out of date and is using old standards for fees. Also, where did you download it from? It would not be hard for someone malicious to break Bitcoin QT and distribute code that steals your coins.
I would strongly recommend a different wallet. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:29:57
No it's fucking not. 
Since when is steering newcomers away from Bitcoin Core a bad idea? Or recommending that they get their Bitcoin software from a reputable source since it's easy to make a malicious version?
And since they're having trouble with fees it's quite likely that they're using an old version; newer versions should set appropriate fees for the network. The fact that they're calling it by a name that hasn't been officially used in branding the software for over a year just makes it more likely that they have an old version, and since the download links on sites like Bitcoin.org don't point to old versions that makes the question of the software's origin an important one to bring up.
OP may have a perfectly fine wallet (insofar as Core is ever fine for Bitcoin beginners), but it's far from bullshit to be bringing up the points I made. 
@_date: 2016-02-19 00:14:31
I have a Bitcoin Core node running in Windows.  The program installs to the "Bitcoin" directory but has a "Bitcoin Core" folder in the same directory.  The Start Menu item is labeled as Bitcoin Core.  The Splash Screen says Bitcoin Core.  The window is named "Bitcoin Core - Wallet".  In the help menu there's "About Bitcoin Core," which lists the version as "Bitcoin Core version ....".  Then there's a menu item for "About Qt," but that's literally about Qt itself and makes no mention of "Bitcoin QT."
The only way to see Bitcoin Core referred to as Bitcoin QT in windows is to look at the executable's name directly, at least as far as I can tell, but that's not how people find the names of programs—you don't open up WINWORD for document editing, you use Word.  It seems far, far more likely that if OP is referring to the program as Bitcoin QT they've followed some out-of-date tutorial from back when Bitcoin QT was the only popular option for a wallet.  There were a ton of these tutorials published back then and it would not be hard at all for one of them to include a "helpful" link to an installer, but with the wallet compromised.  It's also quite possible that it was a once-helpful link to a now outdated version of QT, and it's even possible that they linked to Github and that OP got a recent version but is calling it by an outdated name.
In any case asking what version they're using is important because if OP decides that running a full node is the approach they want to use for a wallet they should at least be sure they're using software that is up to date and free from malware. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:53:35
Bitcoin Core generates a queue of addresses to be used in the future. When you back up the wallet it saves this queue. When you need a new address it pulls from this queue and generates a new address that gets put in the queue.
So while OP may not have all of their addresses in their backup, it's very likely that they're just fine. By default the queue contains 100 addresses, and it's possible to expand that if 100 is insufficient. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:17:26
It helps secure against a 51% attack. 
As others have pointed out, the other option is that they stop mining while they validate the previous block. Besides requiring infrastructure to set up and causing them to make less profit, it also makes the blockchain grow more slowly (in terms of blocks\*difficulty) since the hashrate would drop for a short period of time after each found block. That growth rate is what a 51% attacker has to beat.
@_date: 2015-09-01 18:58:06
It's not *known* that it's safe, but it is still probably safe.  A attack—quantum or otherwise—could exist against any algorithm that is currently considered to be strong.  Very few algorithms are actually proven to be unbreakable and these algorithms are typically impractical for widespread use.  Describing the algorithm as quantum resistant is probably Kosher so long as one realizes that that just implies that there is no known quantum computing attack against it, not that it was designed with resisting quantum computers in mind.
@_date: 2015-09-22 16:29:04
A miner's profit is based on the percentage of blocks they mine, in the long term.  If they adopt a behavior that causes many blocks to be orphaned then that will cause the difficulty to drop (or to not rise as quickly if more mining power is being added to the network).  In the next difficulty the blocks will be back to 10 minutes each and the withholding pool will earn based on the percentage of blocks.
When a miner finds a block they could immediately release it, trying to spread it as far and wide as fast as possible.  This is the expected behavior.  If everyone does this then each miner gets blocks in proportion to their mining share.  The other option is to withhold the block and start mining on the next one.  Then, as soon as someone else finds a block you release your block and race them.  You can set up a network that is well connected to tip the odds in your favor for which block will win the race.  As soon as one node finds a block it alerts all of the nodes in your network to push the withheld block immediately.  If set up well you may be able to propagate faster than the competing block.  If you find the next block then you withhold that as well.  When the rest of the network finds their block you push both of yours and automatically win the race.
To get to math, if you have 25% of the mining share then you have a 25% chance of automatically winning a race once you find a block.  If we say that you have a 50% chance of winning a race when you don't have an additional block then that means that you successfully orphan an enemy block an additional 37.5% of the time.  These two chances are mutually exclusive, so we can just add them to find that there is a 62.5% chance of destroying a block.  However, there's a 37.5% chance of destroying your own block.
We now look at the block production of both you and everyone else.  If there was no orphaning going on then you'd make blocks at a rate of 0.25 N (where N is just a placeholder for the appropriate units and conversion; N = 6 blocks / hr but I'm going to drop it for simplicity because ratios are all that matter).  Other miners get blocks at .75 N and that means that you get 0.25 / (0.25 + 0.75) = 25% of the blocks.
With the orphaning whenever you find a block (25% chance) there is a 62.5% chance of orphaning someone else's block and a 37.5% chance of orphaning your own block.  This means that you drop your own production to 0.25 - 0.25\*0.375 = 0.15625, and you drop others' production to 0.75 - 0.25 \* 0.625 = 0.59375.  This gives you 20.8% of the blocks, so with this simple strategy it is not in your best interest to withhold blocks—you lose your own block too often.  There may be additional levels to consider for how to handle the case where you mine two blocks in a row.
I've set up a quick spreadsheet to check other parameters and I've found that if you can get a 70% win rate on races then you  destroy only 0.05625 of your own production but 0.19375 of others' production, which winds up giving you 25.8% of the total production.  If you can get your nodes connected well enough to win races 70% of the time then block withholding is profitable at 25% total mining share.  If you can only win 50% of races then it is profitable to withhold blocks at 35% of the mining share.
There is another attack that I'm aware of for "block withholding."  It involves trying to hurt an enemy pool by directing your mining power at that pool and getting paid for your work but then not sending them solved blocks when you find them.  I don't think this is the attack your'e talking about, but I wanted to describe it just in case.
The nature of pool mining is that you cannot take a solved block that you find for a pool and keep it for yourself.  The mining reward transaction must be sent to the pool if your work is to be accepted and you cannot change that transaction once you've solved a block.  However, there's no way to reliably tell that a small miner is withholding solved blocks because it looks identical to just being unlucky.
When a miner does this they take rewards from the pool.  This is a method for running a pay-per-share pool out of business, and it may be used to make a pay-per-last-n-shares or a proportional pool look unattractive, since they will be consistently unlucky.
I don't think there's a way to directly profit off of this attack, but it can be used to shut down competition. 
@_date: 2015-09-01 02:23:37
I'm not sure that it's specifically resistant since quantum computing is such a new field. However, none of the known algorithms break the security significantly.
The best known quantum algorithm for SHA256 is Grover's Algorithm, which is designed to find an element of an unsorted set (which all hash functions sort of are). Grover's Algorithm lets you find this in O(sqrt(N)) time where N is the size of the set. For SHA256 the set has 2^256 elements, though, so you still need 2^128 rounds on average to find the solution.  That's still plenty secure.
It is still possible that another algorithm could be developed which allows a greater speedup by looking at the operations that SHA256 uses instead of just modeling it as a black box, but thus far such an algorithm has not been published; it may very well be known by agencies like NSA, depending on how much tinfoil hatting you prefer. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 05:34:57
An ounce of prevention may be worth a pound of cure, but at some point you will want to have a cure to call on. Either for yourself or for someone else.
The question stands: what anti-virus is trustworthy enough to use and recommend to those who lack the foresight and technical knowledge to avoid viruses in the first place?
@_date: 2015-09-04 03:00:53
Block size is much more scalable. A lot of people are talking about short term jumps to 8 MB or so, which would mean 75 seconds per 1 MB block, and that's just short term. If you use block time as the variable then by the time you want 50 MB per block you need your block time down at 12 seconds, and that's just *average*. 
Blocks faster than 30 seconds really work poorly and even dancing around a minute you put a lot of pressure to distribute blocks as fast as possible. Heck, even at 10 minutes you see blocks mined with no transactions because it takes a few seconds to verify the previous block and issue new work to miners.
All of this for what? You get faster confirmation times, but confirmation is already plenty fast. It's orders of magnitude faster than credit card transactions become irreversible. And this doesn't solve any of the debate either. You still have to decide how much faster the blockchain's size can increase, when the block time changes, how much of a consensus you need for the new rules to go into effect, who decides when the time changes, and so on.
I don't mean to be excessively negative, but I don't see enough of a positive to this idea to offset the negatives of it. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 02:43:53
Backing seldom takes the form of holding a reserve that can cover all currency in circulation. 
Under the gold standard the dollar was pegged to the value of gold. There wasn't enough gold in reserve for everyone, but there was enough gold in reserve for anyone. As long as people trust that the central bank will stay solvent it doesn't matter how much paper they print. 
McDonald's has enough burger production that most would trust their ability to peg the value of a coin to the Big Mac. 
@_date: 2015-09-01 19:10:49
Changing the signature algorithm will be a big mess of clashing personalities, likely much worse than the block size debate.  It seems foolish to believe otherwise.
When the quantum threat is looming there is the question of what to do with all of the vulnerable abandoned addresses from the early years of Bitcoin.  Many will certainly champion the idea of doing nothing with them, since that matches the very hands-off management of the currency that many come to Bitcoin expecting.  Many others will want these accounts to be disabled, seeing them as a way that the owner of the first sufficiently large quantum computer could gather countless coins and crash markets—if the previous owners (who likely lost the keys anyway) are going to lose them we may as well keep them out of the hands of dishonest individuals.
If you think that the current blocksize debate is bad, just wait until this comes to a head.  Then there's the blocksize issue that'll likely be reopened at the same time.  All of the post-quantum signature algorithms (at least all that I'm aware of) take many times the public key size in order to get similar security to what we have today.  The same HASH_160 approach may be used to compress outputs, but when those outputs are spent it's necessary to have the full public key.  If the block size is set to continue to pose a fee pressure on users then the switch to a new signature algorithm will necessitate reopening the block size structure as suddenly only a fraction as many transactions may be in each block. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:59:41
Yes, but "hich computational power" in this case means a thermodynamically perfect computer running just above absolute zero, operating for the life of the universe and using the total solar output of our sun many times over. 
That's a common occurrence in cryptography. It's hard to make a cryptographic scheme that is useful and has no way to brute force it, but brute forcing can be made so wildly impractical that it can never be done in this universe. 
By comparison, a few characters at the start of the address can be had in minutes to days with modest computing hardware available today. 
@_date: 2015-09-01 02:16:00
I really have to object to this attitude about this issue. If ECC falls then there's a week of turmoil as everything switches over. After that what happens? Banks are back to working, credit cards get reissued and the new ones work, internet browsers push emergency updates and come back online, and **countless bitcoins, likely millions, get irreversibly stolen and many likely dumped.** 
Bitcoin cannot weather this kind of event and just push a patch and be fine. Once ECC is broken you can compromise any address that has exposed its public key (e.g. by sending a transaction, or by being one of the early transactions that didn't hide public keys behind SHA256 and RIPEMD160). I haven't counted, but I'd bet this is easily over 1,000,000 coins. 
ECC is known to fall to quantum computing with a variant of Shor's algorithm.  Quantum computers have been demonstrated to exist and will only get more powerful over time. This issue is coming. It will happen, and a reactionary stance will destroy Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin should add support for post quantum cryptography as soon as possible, just as an option. Once it is sufficiently trusted and tested it should be pushed as the default, and at some point all non-quantum-safe addresses should be struck from the record. Do this over the course of a 10-year rollout and the implications for long-term storage should be minimal. 
I know that the idea of wiping old addresses is likely to be controversial, but consider the alternative. Those addresses will be emptied anyway, this just keeps the coins out of the hands of thieves. If we come together and take a proactive step then this can be minimized, though. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:25:09
The earliest transactions were a slightly different format that did not hide the public key. The current format where you specify only a hash of a public key came a couple hundred blocks in. Compare the scripts in the first few blocks to the ones we have today; OP_HASH160 is not present in the old ones, just OP_CHECKSIG. 
It's a short enough window that there isn't THAT much exposed by this, but it's large enough that someone could grab one of these early keys and try claim to be someone they're not, provided they have the quantum computer to do it. 
If you just wanted to steal money then there are much better targets (newer addresses that have spent transactions and a lot of unspent coins), but there's still a vulnerability in the oldest transactions in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 11:35:10
Well, for right now 256 bit ECDSA is still considered secure so the signature still holds weight on its own.
In the not tremendously distant future (a few years) it may become impossible for someone to prove that they're Satoshi, although showing ownership of one of the earliest addresses using "pay to public key hash" would certainly be a good start. One would then have to prove that that's a Satoshi address and not just an early adopter.
IIRC all transactions were pubkey transactions, then a couple hundred blocks in pubkey hash became standard and pubkey basically disappeared. On mobile now so it's tedious to sift through early transactions to see how early it is that the shift occurred, but I've done it in the past and I remember being shocked at just how early the change was. 
@_date: 2015-10-23 17:18:06
If you're solo mining you'll have to get into the source code of Bitcoin Core.  Make the changes you want and recompile.  It's not made easy because there's no reason for most people to do it.  Be aware that messing around in the source code runs the risk of producing unconfirmable blocks, so only do this if you know what you're doing. 
If you're pool mining then you have no direct choice.  You aren't making decisions about what transactions are included and what blocks are mined on top of; your pool is making those decisions for you.  You're just selling them your hashing power.  If you're a major part of your pool then you might have success contacting the pool operator, but don't expect them to change their decision making unless you're such a large miner that you could reasonably be solo mining if you wanted to. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:44:44
Nodes running old code will reject blocks produced by the new code. 
Presumably *most* people will follow the side that has the most support, but it's not likely that simple.  There are tons of different applications that are built on the existing infrastructure.  The changeover would mean that all of this would have to be updated to use the new software. 
Sometimes the software can be changed in a way that it only causes a "soft fork," which occurs when something that was allowed stops being allowed.  This is how new transactions can be added—they are formulated such that an old client sees them as "pay to anyone" transactions, while the newer client sees them as "pay to this new kind of address."  With this setup the old clients can still follow the network and will stay in sync.  They may allow their users to send transactions that will never be confirmed, but otherwise them not upgrading is mostly harmless.  In this kind of fork what's most important is that the miners all upgrade, and once &gt;50% of miners upgrade the network is effectively migrated to the new fork.  Miners who didn't upgrade will see the upgraded miners' blocks as valid and will stay in sync, although they may mine blocks that are rejected by the rest of the network.
Changing the block limit would be more substantial:  it would be a "hard fork."  This occurs whenever something that used to be disallowed becomes allowed; in this case, including &gt;1MB of data in a block.  When most miners switch to a protocol that allows this they will start creating a chain of &gt;1 MB blocks.  These will *never* be accepted by older software, as any deviation from protocol, no matter how small, causes a block to be rejected outright. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 07:47:38
I just finished writing a description of mining in response to [this]( comment.  I'm linking to the parent comment because some of the other responses to the other individual may be more to your fancy. 
@_date: 2013-04-22 05:16:35
It would be incorrect to state that Litecoin is ASIC proof; however, the fact that the large amounts of memory required makes Scrypt infeasible to implement on an ASIC qualifies it as ASIC *resistant*.  
@_date: 2013-11-04 19:58:22
The selfish pool listens for honest blocks to be found and tries to race them when they don't have a 2 block chain to release to win outright.  They will win that race in about 50% of the cases, provided they can release their block fast enough.  A few seconds of delay can drop that percentage substantially. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 21:02:28
If the computer already exists then all that stops someone who has it from using it to destroy Bitcoin is the fact that they don't care.  The D-wave computer costed on the order of 10 million dollars.  Lockheed doesn't care about Bitcoin.
As to responding to it, rolling back the block chain would get you nothing.  The *only* way that you can say that any bitcoins are *yours* and not someone else's is if you have the private key (there are ways of proving you have the private key without telling people the key itself).  As soon as someone else has your private key there is nothing but a race to determine who gets it in the end.  There is no Bitcoin police, for better or worse.
We could change to a different protocol, but that would be a HUGE change in bitcoin.  I could hardly conceive of a larger change in the protocol.  To implement that change *everyone* would have to send their coins to a new address.  That said, though, pointed out that Bitcoin uses ECC (elliptic curve cryptography) which is similar in effect but different in implementation to the RSA cryptography that I know Shor's algorithm defeats.  I'll have to do more research, but it may be that Satoshi foresaw this and chose a strong enough crytography for the public and private keys that not even a quantum computer can break it.
@_date: 2013-08-28 02:16:58
Not too much of a story, really.  They started as an online exchange for *Magic: The Gathering*, but they got into Bitcoin and that quickly took over their business.  The site was sold by its creators to its current owners in March 2011.
@_date: 2013-10-30 19:23:44
Does Armory support M of N paper backups?  Namely, you print out 3 paper backups such that you can spend the coins with any 2 of the 3.  This seems like a very powerful approach to security, given that one backup can be lost or stolen entirely without any loss.  
By, for example, keeping one backup at home, one in a safety deposit box, and one at a trusted friend or family member's house you limit your exposure to loss due to theft or natural disasters.  Especially if said "paper" backups are actually stamped metal plates as suggested.  For more redundancy/safety you can use a 3 of 5 wallet or  almost any other N of M combination (there are maximum limits). 
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:12:58
I have to agree with Car dealerships are in the business of selling cars (and associated services/products).  They are *not* in the business of speculating.
@_date: 2013-03-24 16:28:31
It's pretty hard to directly tie any given address to a person--Addresses are just jumbled up bits of data, like 1Aw8UU7Dqx9RweepuDdMkJQVtNNE7SrYqn, which don't say anything about who that person is or where they're from.  The real challenge to anonymity is that a *few* accounts can be discovered, and then accounts can be tied together.
For example, the above address is one that I control.  At this point, anyone can see this comment on Reddit and figure out that "Hey, 1Aw8UU...." is They can then go and look for [transactions]( that use that address and start to make inferences about what other transactions that I have been involved in.  In this case, that address is just a junk address, but I'm sure that a sufficiently aggressive investigation could figure out what a lot of those transactions are, and could start to link other addresses to me.
The real trouble here is that a lot of clients (the Satsoshi client included, if I'm not mistaken) are perfectly willing to keep the number of addresses low.  They do that by building new transactions that lump several addresses together as inputs, or by sending the "change" of a transaction to another address in the wallet.  By following those patterns one can start to figure out what someone has done.  This is not an easy task, by any means, but for someone who is dead set on finding someone's identity it is possible.
As for how to prevent it?  That is as simple as not reusing addresses for anything.  Need to send coins?  Send the change to an entirely new address.  I don't think the Satoshi client can do this easily, but I'm sure others can.  Also, I believe there are "coin mixing" services that help to obfuscate the origin of coins, for additional anonymity, although these are basically money laundering and will raise major government suspicion if your anonymity *is* compromised.  You can also help limit your risk by not doing what I did in this comment--publicly claiming an address.
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:49:00
You have to trust something.  I chose to trust computers, while you trust paper and your memory, *and then trust a computer when you spend your coins.*  I'm describing a system that is viable for anything from a "checking account" to a "savings account."  I only see paper wallets as viable for super long term storage--there is too much hassle involved in putting in the details for a paper wallet every time you want to spend anything, and for most users that means cutting corners which can defeat all of the security.  
Additionally, every time you spend from a paper wallet you have to get the private key into *some* computer, so you still have to trust that computer.  Then you have to understand very specifically what the wallet software you are using is going to do with the coins.  Many clients, including the QT client, send the full contents of an account every time a transaction is sent; the outputs are split between the desired destination and a new "change" account.  I've seen several people lose bitcoins by not understanding this fact.  Compounding this issue is the fact that it requires you to have a good, current understanding of how your particular client works.
As for mitigating the risks of losing a wallet due to data corruption, I think it's valid to point out how often that happens with modern computers--very seldom.  The much more common error mode would be a crashed hard drive (which can still be recovered, for a price).  Avoiding this is easy enough--that's why I suggested spreading the wallet.dat file across many computers, including the cloud.  It is worthless to a would-be attacker, provided you have it encrypted with a sufficiently strong password.  If you are legitimately worried about data corruption, simple MD5 checksums can fix that.  You can have the backups in place before a wallet ever receives BTC.
If you *really* want to have a fallback in addition to computerized backups, I would suggest something like the Electrum deterministic wallet--it is basically designed for this usage case.  It doesn't have nearly as much entropy as a standard wallet, but it should be enough for most people.  It will allow you to recover a wallet from a "seed," while still keeping a secure, encrypted form of the wallet on your computer.
@_date: 2013-10-30 05:00:18
What region is the salon located in?  I would happily travel some distance to have the option to pay with Bitcoin, especially considering the fact that I live in a region of the US where "high tech" pretty much means that your tractor has a lot of cool features. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:53:51
Any miner can choose to include or not include any transaction for any reason, the only caveat being that they can only include valid transactions (at least, if they want anyone to build off of their block).
An example of this is that Luke jr rejects all transactions from Satoshi Dice, despite them having a pretty high transaction fee compared to many transactions--he just doesn't agree with how they use the blockchain (this data is outdated; I don't follow Satoshi Dice or Luke jr).
The rules on priority and minimum/typical fees refer to the reference client.
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:39:18
No you don't--not unless you want the shares to be greatly devalued due to a loss of confidence in the currency.   You may want it to 35 or maybe even 40 percent, but if a single non-distributed entity gets 51% then the shit will hit the fan.  BTCGuild is not a threat because they can't sustain 51% if they actually try an attack--the people mining for them would switch to another pool.  All the people with Avalons mining on BTCGuild would probably pull out, since they want their free money machine to keep giving them free money.
If ASICMiner gets 51% on their own and then decides to go rogue then there's not really anything we can do to stop them.  I doubt that destroying Bitcoin is in their business model, but I don't know them on a personal level, so I wouldn't bet all my bitcoins on them.  Hopefully the Butterfly Labs ASICS start arriving soon, and hopefully the Avalons keep being delivered to compete.  These are fragile times for Bitcoin if ASICMiner gets too powerful.
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:38:45
[50BTC is under attack right now](  Give it a few days for the owners to get everything sorted out.  One of the symptoms is that everyone seems to be getting reports of having stupidly large amounts of Bitcoins in their accounts.  
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:53:25
This is a nice idea.  It doesn't prevent all attacks--a pool could still choose to deny all transactions and it wouldn't trip that alarm--but it does make the attack more difficult, and that's all security can really hope to do.  Nothing can be perfectly secure--only sufficiently hard to break that it deterrs people from breaking it.
The one thing I see with this that might be an issue is that it imposes some requirement for storing at least some of the blockchain with the miners.  I don't think this is a big problem, but it is something to be aware of for a setup like this.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:31:02
99% is plenty.  There are some error correction algorithms that can be used with much higher error rates:  see the profile picture for [this]( twitter.  It is a QR code with a super high error correction rate.  Over half of the QR code is "error" on purpose.
There is actually a good chance that this a technology that is reasonable for future high density long term data storage.
Interestingly, since DNA uses 4 bases (guanine, adenine, cytosine, and thymine) and **b**inary dig**its** (i.e. bits) only get two (1 and 0) you can store two bits per DNA base.  Furthermore, DNA is *incredibly* stable--there is in-tact DNA from thousands of years ago.  That is more than enough for data storage.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:55:22
You are correct.  I'm not sure what, if any affect Quantum computers would have on ECC, but they are still based on the difficulty of solving the Discrete Logarithm.  I am under the impression (but can cite no sources) that ECC is weakened greatly by the appropriate quantum algorithms.  I guess it's off to the books for me!
@_date: 2013-09-27 06:42:34
Fair enough.  I confess.  I'm selling these lovely knives.  I 100% guarantee that they will fail at some point in the next billion years, *but* when they do, you can send them back and I'll send a BRAND NEW knife at only 50% of the cost!
@_date: 2013-08-09 15:46:37
Yes, but not as much profit as if they had just held on to their coins and not bought the ASIC in the first place.  If the current ASIC Miner products wind up producing less than their purchase price, then either die or become unprofitable to mine with then buying them was strictly a loss for the purchaser, no matter how you roll it.
On the other hand, though, I think that the current ASIC Miner products will continue to be energy efficient to mine with for a really long time, since they take so little energy.  This may make it a *long* time before a return is had, and difficulty could shoot up to the point where the chips die from being overworked before they finish earning back the initial investment, but at least it's something.
@_date: 2013-11-04 19:10:42
The idea behind this strategy is that when the selfish miner mines a block there is some probability that they will *also* mine the next block.  Thus, there are two options:
**They mine the second block as well**:  In this case they wait until the network mines a block and releases it, then they instantly orphan that block by releasing the original block they mined as well as the second block, thus claiming the longest chain.  By employing this strategy they are able to orphan more blocks mined by opponents than if they had released their first block immediately.  If the attacker mines a 3rd block before the network gets a single block then the attacker can wait for the network to find 2 blocks.  The attacker releases their chain when the honest network has released 1 block less than the attacker. 
**They do not mine the second block**:  In this case they push their first block out the door as fast as possible, hoping to gather enough support that their block to be able to have it be accepted.
At this point it's a numbers game.  In either case you increase the odds of orphaning a block mined by someone else on the network, but in the second case you also greatly increase the odds of having your own block orphaned.  For a small percentage miner the odds of finding two adjacent blocks are pretty small, which makes the cost of this attack more than the reward.  If the attacker has over 50% of the network then the first case will happen indefinitely.
So, where's the break even between these?  Well, when the first case happens the network loses 1 block with 100% probability (and potentially more than 1 block).  When the second case happens the greedy pool loses 1 block with ~50% probability and the attacker loses 1 block with ~50% probability (aside:  their proposed solution of having miners chose a chain at random when they are equal lengths is *the worst possible solution.*  By using the first chain you hear of you give the advantage to the first to publish, which is *not* the attacker in this scenario).  Thus, if the attacking node has a mining power of 25% of the network then the cost to the network is .25\*1 + .75\*.5 = .625 blocks every time the attacker starts a chain.  Meanwhile the cost to the attacker is .75\*.5 = .375 blocks every time they find a block.  This means the attacker loses 37.5% of their mining power while the network loses .625 \* .25 = .15625 or about 15% of their mining power.  Either they or I botched the math that says that 25% is enough to carry out this attack.
If we repeat the analysis for higher percentages of the network belonging to the attacker then we find that there *is* a break even.  By my math it's at about an attacker mining power of 42% of the total network, although it would take more when you account for the fact that the attacker is at a disadvantage in the second case since the honest miners have a head start on distributing their block.  I will readily admit that I haven't modeled the effect of finding 3 blocks and releasing them when the network finds 2, or 4 vs 3, 5 vs 4, etc.  I'm not sure how much this will change things.  I'm tempted to write a quick program to model this attack to see just how close to 50% you actually have to come. 
All told, I don't think this is a viable attack.  It relies on lots of people flocking to the pool that gives the highest payouts, all while ignoring the fact that they are actively trying to harm their investment.  An equally viable attack would be people flocking to the highest percentage pool with the hopes that that pool would 51% all others out of the mining scene--we've seen quite the opposite happen several times:  people fleeing a pool that gets nearly (or over) 50% of the mining power but isn't attacking anything.  The authors of the article are trying to make this attack sound more dangerous than it actually is.  
@_date: 2013-04-01 03:59:59
If X% of miners refuse to include the transaction then it will potentially take several blocks before it is included (i.e. gets its first confirmation).  This is actually seen in practice, as several miners--the most vocal of which is Luke Jr--have declared Satoshi Dice to be a pox on Bitcon's house, and they refuse to accept transactions to or from those addresses.  They still go through just fine, but they take a little extra time.
The above method only delays the confirmation time, and it can only do it at a rate that is a function of the percentage of the network that is working together.  It only takes a single transaction to get the money out of the address, though, and the black-listed person can also mine, so it would never completely shut down the offending individual.  99% of miners could probably effectively shut down a black-listed address by this method, but it is so much easier to do in the way I will describe in the next paragraph, which only takes 50% or more.
What *would* work (if it could ever be pulled off) is for 50+% of miners to actively work to orphan blocks that allow the black-listed address to spend.  Any miner who attempts to publish a block that confirms the transaction where the black-listed address spends its coins would expect that his block would be orphaned and he would lose his mining reward, so he would not actually do that.  There are a few scenarios where something like this could potentially happen, but I don't think it's likely as long as mining remains pretty well distributed.  ASICs like the Jalapeño help this.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:13:03
I'm sure glad there's no sampling bias in these numbers.  Oh well, posting to the Bitcoin subreddit will help make that percentage more accurate.
Oh, wait, the opposite of that.  I would be curious to see what percentage of people believe Bitcoin is a scam when measured by a relatively unbiased survey. For that matter, I'm curious what percentage of people are aware of Bitcoin at this point. 
@_date: 2013-08-28 01:46:29
You realize that that's what MTGOX stands for, right?  I thought that your post was a joke to that point until I came to the comments.
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:22:18
The Butterfly Labs products are better in just about every metric, but if you order one now don't expect to see it for *at least* months.  The ASIC Miner USB miners are nice, very easy to use, and most importantly available now, but their time to reach a return on investment isn't the best.  It may be best to hold off on buying new hardware right now.
@_date: 2013-08-27 03:19:40
I'm not quite sure what you're referring to with "weaken all of our security."  Care to elaborate?
@_date: 2013-08-22 07:03:10
This is an interesting idea, but it is not without its problems.
Before getting too far into your recommendation, I'd like to suggest that you check out Ripple, as I think it addresses many of the features you describe (better, in fact).  Ripple actually predates Bitcoin and markets itself as a decentralized, peer-to-peer currency exchange based on a web of trust and debts.  I should mention, though, that Ripple is not secured by proof of work but instead by "consensus," which is basically the statement "thousands of people can't be wrong!"  I should also mention that all 100 billion XRP were created at the beginning and that those XRP (which are needed in order to use Ripple) were distributed at the creators' whim.  You should also be aware of the somewhat centralized nature of Ripple, which could lead to its destruction if a powerful government wanted to shut it down.  All of that said, though, Ripple seems to be chugging away quite nicely without any real problem, so you should check it out and come to your own conclusions about them.
Moving on to your proposal, I'd like to start by saying that not everything ought to be implemented in Bitcoin/the blockchain.  We are only about 5 years into this whole Bitcoin experiment and already the blockchain is many GB.  One of the benefits to altcoins is that their blockchain is separate from Bitcoin and people who don't support a given altcoin don't have to download all of the extra data associated with it.  If something is going to be in the blockchain it needs to be something that is sufficiently useful to justify its cost.
Thus, looking at your proposal, the question becomes:  **What problem is it you are looking to solve?**  I think that once you realize the answer to that question the path becomes clearer.  Now, to me the goal that you're looking for seems to be twofold:
* People want to buy BTC with fiat
* People want decentralized value tied to the stability of fiat
The first of those points gets completely mucked up by this system.  In the current system a user wanting to buy BTC with fiat would send their fiat to, say, Coinbase, for which they get credit in their Coinbase USD account.  They then make a bid, which gets handled on the Coinbase server, and finally they get their BTC out.  Involving the blockchain, miners, and a peer-to-peer system for a transaction that happens at a centralized exchange is madness!  Trading BTC for cbUSD is *exactly* what Coinbase does.
For the second point we go down a different rabbit hole.  Many have remarked on the volatility of the Bitcoin/USD exchange rate, and it would be novel to have a decentralized currency that draws its stability from the USD (I'm going to skim over the value fluctuations of the USD for now).  Now, how would this be accomplished?  We cannot set the exchange rate of a currency minted by decentralized mining, since the free market would rapidly take over.  Instead, this currency must be centrally issued and only against backing currency.  At this point the whole notion of a decentralized currency is out the window, and it becomes a value judgement between a centralized currency where the records are kept by that centralized currency (as is currently done), or a centralized currency where the records are kept by a blockchain style of system.
In making that value judgement, I should point out that it's really incompatible with the Bitcoin network, so people securing the centralized currency's ledger would be doing so solely for the fees they can collect (there can be no block generation reward, since it would not be backed by anything).  Also, the threat of double spending is essentially zero for the currency issuer keeping their own books, and confirmations can be done in seconds.  I, for one, think the currency issuer keeping their own books is the way to go.
Ultimately I'm afraid I have to come to the conclusion that you are just going crazy.  Unless I missed the point of what you were trying to accomplish or missed some way that this is better than the system we already have, that is.  Check out Ripple, though, as I think it gets a lot farther in the direction you're thinking than your current proposal does.
@_date: 2013-06-08 19:30:23
Adding wifi would be a cool feature, but it would drive the price up and I don't know how useful it would really be.  Additionally, trying to make the chip stand alone further increases the hardware requirements for it and makes it more complicated (and expensive).  I'm all for keeping the USB device as simple as possible.
If features are going to be added, I would rather see these packaged in such a way that you could get a handful of the ASICs with a Raspberry Pi and a USB hub, ready to go (some assembly required).  I really think that if someone collects all the components to make a 2-3 GH/s standalone miner out of these things then they could sell quite a few, depending on their prices.  A recent post talked about how there was still a market for selling GPU rigs for a good profit; I bet that ASIC rigs would pull in even more demand.
@_date: 2013-05-20 23:46:01
The problem is that quantum computers aren't just outright faster--they are a whole new way of computing.  Advances in digital computers may one day lead to speeds that allow the breaking of ECC in heat-death time scales (using planet sized computers), but that is due to the nature of the crypographic schemes--they rely on the difficulty of solving certain mathematical problems, like the discrete logarithm or the factorization of incredibly large numbers.
The best known solution to those problems that run on digital computers are not "polynomial time."  As you increase, for example, the size of a number you are looking to factor, the amount of time increases faster than any polynomial (A + Bx + Cx^2 + Dx^3 + ...) function.  Thus, it is very easy to formulate a problem that is effectively unsolvable with the time and energy available to the universe just by choosing a large number to factor (and it is easy to know the factors of that number if you generate it by multiplying a few very large primes together; multiplying large numbers is very fast).
Quantum computers, on the other hand, do not work on the same digital logic and there are different algorithms available to make use of their quantum properties.  One such algorithm takes the problem of factoring a large number and reduces it to time complexity of log(x)^3, if I recall correctly.  This change in the state of cryptography doesn't happen over a significant period of time.  All it takes is someone writing the code to accomplish this, then they could hack an address during the time it took you to read this post, provided they have a quantum computer to run it on.  Early quantum computers exist already, and they represent a very real threat not just to bitcoin, but to cryptography as we know it.  By the time someone deploys a quantum computer against the bitcoin network it will be far too late to do anything about it from a system-wide standpoint.  Individuals can send their coins to fresh addresses (ones with no spending transactions) since the public key is obfuscated by a few rounds of SHA256, but I believe there is an inverse SHA256 function for quantum computers as well.
Making longer addresses will not save Bitcoin from a quantum threat.  The length of an address that would actually defeat a quantum computer that was really adamant about hacking a given address is beyond what would be practical (i.e. probably megabytes in length). To adequately defend against a quantum computer Bitcoin will have to move to a different type of cryptography all together.  I understand that quantum-resistant cryptographic algorithms exist, but I am not familiar enough with them to say anything about them.
@_date: 2013-09-12 20:53:37
I'm going to go with 1,385±20 miles (~2229 Km).  
For your sake I'm not going to say where you are (but I'm pretty sure I know).  You can feel free to check my answer by Googling "Reykjavik to _______ distance" and checking the first link, where the blank is filled in with a large city nearest you.
@_date: 2013-08-21 06:44:07
Upon doing more research, it would appear that the name of the feature is "multi-signature transactions" or multi-sig.  According to the [Armory Client FAQ]( the feature is under development and they claim that no client currently supports it (I think this is outdated).  I think blockchain.info also is trying to get these transactions up and running.  
The default Satoshi QT client allows multisig transactions to be generated via RPC in the debug console, but I'm not about to try and guess the correct syntax.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 18:50:08
Here's the "out of the loop" summary:
Some time after the start of Bitcoin (21 months, according to this post) the core client was updated to include a max size for blocks.  The reason for including this limit was to limit the damage that could be done by someone looking to bloat the blockchain by sending lots of transactions back and forth to their own addresses.  Transactions are artificially cheap right now since miners are paid largely by the 25 BTC block reward, so it is inexpensive for someone to spam the blockchain.
Recently we've seen the natural growth of Bitcoin come up to the point where it is starting to threaten that cap.  This has caused a movement, largely spearheaded by Gavin Anderson, to form, pushing for a change of this cap.  With the change Bitcoin would be able to handle more transactions per second, and testing published by Gavin Anderson have suggested that the core client could handle the change just fine.
There are many people who are strongly against this change, though.  One of the reasons that they have given essentially boils down to "this isn't how the original code was, so we don't want to change it."  Being conservative for being conservative's sake.  This post seeks to dispel that reasoning.
The bigger reason that people are giving for not wanting to change the protocol is that it would require a hard fork—people running old versions would be left behind once the change takes effect.  Some time ago the core software was updated to raise a soft limit on the size of blocks and even that caused several hours of the blockchain to be re-written when an unintentional fork happened.  This change would be much more substantial.
Ultimately, hard forks are going to be a necessary but hopefully very rare part of Bitcoin—there are some things that you will just *have* to make everyone upgrade for.  Most of the more reasonable debate is on how to carry out a hard fork in such a way that it is as seamless for users as possible while getting as many updates packed into the same fork as possible, while minimizing the risk of critical bugs being introduced.  
@_date: 2013-04-01 19:05:28
Arrogance is nobody's friend, as Mr. Russinovich kindly demonstrated.  It is valid to recommend caution.
However, that's where the live linux USB key comes into play.  If you're really paranoid you can download the necessary data to install both Linux and Bitcoin, check the integrity of the files, and install offline, then never allow anything to be installed or otherwise updated.  This isn't really reasonable for a day-to-day wallet, but is a good setup for a "savings account."  If we're already willing to go through the hassles of having a savings account at the bank then booting up a live USB key is really not that bad.
So really, *even if I do have a rootkit*, I only risk my day-to-day spending money; accepting risk is part of having money.  Someone could mug me in the streets at any time and take all of my cash, but they don't because most people don't carry around enough cash to make such activity attractive to criminals (some people do, which is why muggings happen).
I, personally, am happy with this level of risk compared to the inconvenience.  Perhaps someone who is more attached to their money would be willing to tolerate more work to secure their wallet, but I really think that I am nicely situated at the cusp of the benefit/cost curve.
@_date: 2013-08-17 07:29:20
I took the time to watch both of those videos and I am emphatically not convinced.  The videos were filled with non sequiturs, strawmen, and good old-fashioned false premises (if pressed I can present my laundry list of problems with those videos).  They make some decent arguments, but there is a major, **major** point that is completely ignored:  if there are some tasks which cannot be done by a private industry then who will pay for it?
Unless you can answer that question the whole idea of anarcho-capitalism (that is what this is supporting, no? Don't want to misuse terms here) is nothing more than a Utopian pipe dream.  The fact that there are things that really *need* to be paid for that nobody *wants* to pay for is a problem that government and taxation solves.  Unless you can prove either that this problem does not exist or that anarcho-capitalism solves it then I see no reason to acknowledge anarcho-capitalism as even being a reasonable suggestion. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 05:08:40
I'm not a gambling man (I sent a total of 4 bets for a total of 0.045 BTC to Satoshi Dice back when it was new, got 0.062355 back and quit while I was ahead), but if I was then I would strongly consider choosing a 2% edge house with half going to charity over a 1% edge house. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 05:54:23
So you're not in ~~EDIT: REDACTED~~  Or did I just get a bad website to give me the distance?
@_date: 2013-09-23 21:42:11
I'm sorry, but Bitcoin is *built* around trust.  It just changes *who* you have to trust.  Fiat currencies ask that you trust the issuing authority (e.g. the Fed).  Credit Cards ask that you trust the credit card company so that you don't have to trust the merchant--you are able to issue chargebacks (see: BFL).  
In Bitcoin you have to completely trust that the person who you send money to is who they claim they are and that they will do what they claim they will do.  Alternatively, you could use escrow, which asks that you trust the administrator of the escrow to be honest.  To say that there is no trust necessary in order to safely send/spend Bitcoins is either outright misleading or quite naive. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:02:59
Bitcoin has a fundamentally limited supply in the long term, but an increasing supply in the short term.  If new adoption/demand for bitcoin matches the generation rate (minus the rate of coins being lost), then the "correct" price ought to be pretty steady.  If there is more demand prices go up; too much supply and prices go down.  That's just basic economics, but basic economics hardly capture the whole story.
That only speaks to this notion of a "correct" price.  On top of the money market that exists because of the utility of Bitcoin there is quite a bit of speculation.  Speculation can cause bubbles and panics, overshoots and corrections, which cause the price of Bitcoin to vary, but it will always just be noise around the price that is driven by actual demand.  Volatility can affect the utility of the currency, so this aspect is not completely disjoint from the "correct" price, but it can be easier to think of it as being separate.  There are those who believe that the current prices are just a bubble of speculation, while others point to Cypress and other countries having banking woes and the thousands-long lines to get verified at Mt. Gox to start trading as indications that the price is supported by legitimate demand.  I do not claim to know which of these is more accurate.
Ultimately, though, higher adoption will lead to more price stability (especially if the adoption is by lots of people for use as a medium of exchange or a store of value, not a high risk investment).  The value will eventually level off when BTC's adoption levels off and speculators settle down.  The value that we will see at that point is the subject of a lot of pure speculation, but I've seen numbers in the $1,000 range.
However, over the very long term the rules of supply and demand will come into play.  The increase in the supply of BTC from mining will slow by 1/2 every 4 years or so, eventually stopping at a total of 21 million coins.  Coins that have been lost will likely be lost forever, barring some breakthrough in counter-cryptography that breaks the math that secures the system.  Population tends to go up over time.  Fiat tends to inflate over time.  The combination of all of these things means that the real value of BTC will likely trend upwards over time, and the nominal value of BTC (measured against your fiat of choice) will likely rise at a much greater rate.
That assumes, of course, that Bitcoin doesn't outright fail.  While Bitcoin is a very strong system it is not immune to attacks.  Perhaps the transaction volume doesn't result in enough reward to miners once the generation reward is reduced and the system falls to a 51% attack.  Perhaps sufficient legislation is passed to drive the system underground (although I don't think this would kill Bitcoin outright).  Perhaps a new and better currency comes along--it would be arrogant and short sighted to think that one disruptive technology cannot be disrupted at some point in the future.  There are those who believe that Bitcoin is just the prototype for the currency of the future and that the actual currency of the future will use aspects of BTC while including new characteristics; others believe that BTC has captured too much of the market for any other currency to take a major market share away.  I'm not psychic, and I don't like calling a shot if I don't have much to go on, so I'll leave the future telling as an exercise for the reader.
@_date: 2013-08-13 08:25:08
In the last few days we've seen problems with Android wallets due to insecure random number generation and with the Electrum wallet due to a bug in deserialization code.  Writing a completely new wallet is *hard*, especially when the tolerance for bugs is so low.  It is easier to just have a handful of wallets that are all open source and all checked meticulously.  
If you have a ton of different wallets then either they are all reusing code and will all suffer the same vulnerability/bug or they have their own implementations and errors happen all over the place while code review is much more lax--have *you* read the source code of your miner, or do you trust that someone else did?
In general it seems that there are miners for different use cases--lightweight desktop client, desktop full node, smartphone, etc.  There are, in my opinion, as many as there need to be (although I'd love to see a client--perhaps a fork of an existing one--that provides easy tools to a merchant).  I don't see a value in having more clients just for the sake of having more clients.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:16:33
Contracts exist to protect *both* (or all) parties.


Seems just as relevant now as it was 237 years ago.  If a government is unable or unwilling to protect the rights of its people, and especially if it works directly against such rights then it forfeits its privilege to govern.  Is this applicable to Argentina right now?  I don't know--I do not live in Argentina.  But it is worth keeping in mind. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:01:56
This attitude seems common and fails to make the distinction between Bitcoin held for saving and Bitcion held temporarily as a means to purchase something.
If I want to buy something and I have the choice between paying in BTC and USD, I'll pay in BTC every time.  If this suddenly means that I have less BTC holdings than I want (and consequently more USD than I would have had) then I just re-buy the coins.
This all assumes that it is easy to buy coins with fiat, of course, but I've been verified at Mt. Gox for longer than I can remember which makes transfers on the order of daily purchases a complete non-hassle.  As more and more people are verified (something like 1000 per day, I've heard?) there are more people that ought to take this stance.  When more people take this stance it stimulates the bitcoin economy and supports a higher price.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:03:29
The fee market, not any market between Bitcoin and other currencies.  That is to say, it looks at what typical fees are and how long transactions with various fees and transaction priorities take to confirm and then selects a proper fee to use.
This takes a while to work out because the rules by which it selects a fee are open source, so anyone is free to look at the rules and find a way to abuse them to raise or lower what fee the clients will choose.
@_date: 2013-04-01 02:21:37
This is really cool!  The first time I heard a block being released it was majestic and magical!  If you want to keep playing with it, I think some things that could be really cool are:
* Ability to distinguish between trades on Mt Gox and transactions on the network, visually and audibly
* Make the pitch of the tones correspond to the a real quantity (e.g. volume for transactions or price for exchange trades)
* Ability to click on the bubbles to see more details.  I don't know what details there ought to be, but it sounds like an interesting thing to add.
~~Also, I seem to have encountered a minor bug and figured I would let you know:  In chrome, when the volume is muted, the tone that plays for a donation is still played (and is it supposed to just be a really high pitched beep, or is my computer failing to load it correctly?)~~
EDIT: Derp.  The beep was from Blockchain.info, which I happened to have open to the donation address.
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:40:38
There's a lot of places that sell Green Dot cards.  You go to one place and ask for 10 cards--tell the cashier you need 10 separate receipts for some made-up reason (e.g. I'm being reimbursed and we have a weird reimbursement system).  Cashiers at a lot of places simply aren't paid enough to care and they're often scolded for questioning the customer.
If they all go through then you go the next store and repeat until the card is drained.  It's a *really* simple scam--if a hole this big existed in Bitcoin then people would be all over it, but most people seem to not have a problem with this security hole in debit cards because the cost is hidden from them (passed on to merchants then back to the customers). 
@_date: 2013-08-13 08:12:17
Oh, you're absolutely correct.  I didn't mean to state this as an explanation, just something to keep in mind when looking at Gox charts.
I believe there was a period of time today during which BTC withdraws from Gox were failing (their hot wallets needed to be refilled from cold storage), which could have precipitated this motion.  Perhaps a big player who had been holding ~~USD~~ Fun Bucks decided to cash out and caused both the spike and the emptying of the cold wallets.  I'll leave market analysis to the pros, though. 
@_date: 2013-08-09 15:40:00
For ~~sale~~ [preorder](  Looks like an interesting company, but their website says that they are just now getting the chips fabricated and that their products won't ship for another 2 months.  I'm not going to call Scam, but history has shown that buying into an ASIC startup at this stage of the game is a *very* risky venture.  
Only spend money that you can afford to not see for many months; who knows--you might get lucky.
@_date: 2013-08-12 05:34:56
Looks nice; I'd buy it! ... but then again, I already did.
One quick and easy criticism:  be consistent between the B with the horizontal and the vertical ticks.
Also, the constellations seem to be making the images a bit noisy, in my opinion, although that may be reduced with larger sizes.  I do like the theming it gives, though--it looks "digital" and nicely portrays a network.
@_date: 2013-04-29 05:21:10
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it is meaningless, but it certainly wouldn't matter outside of the game.  Hyper deflation in the game *means* that a given item that costs X BTC at one point will cost much less than X BTC at a later point.  Someone observing that trend and expecting it to continue would tend to delay purchases--*exactly like suggested.* Meanwhile, the effect on the bitcoin economy would be limited to the percentage of the global bitcoin economy that the game represents--minuscule, most likely.
@_date: 2013-08-19 01:10:12
Honestly I'm probably over my head at this point.  Finding a collision should be possible by Grover's algorithm, since you can compute a single hash then do a 2nd-pre-image attack, which will be O(N^1/2 ); this is no better than conventional algorithms.  I do not believe that Grover's algorithm allows anything faster than that if your only goal is to find a pair (as opposed to a collision with a given hash).
The link is probably referring to a different quantum algorithm.  I concur:  neat!
@_date: 2013-03-30 03:53:49
If your hard drive is unencrypted (probable) and your wallet is unencrypted (default with most if not all clients) then yes, your money is gone.
If you have encrypted your wallet, though, which is available in the qt client as well as most others then your coins are somewhat safe, depending on the strength of the passphrase.  That is moot, though, if you have no back up of the wallet--the coins will be lost to you even if they are not gained by the thief.
I personally keep my wallet backed up on dropbox, but it is encrypted by what I would consider a strong password--over 70 characters with upper and lower case, numbers, etc.  At that point it is not economically feasible to crack the wallet, as you would quickly spend more money on hardware or electricity than you would stand to gain by getting to the keys inside.  If someone thinks that this is insecure, I would welcome any challenger to describe the scenario where dropbox is the weak link that makes me lose all of my coins.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:49:36
You'd face a loss any way you did that (unless you got really, *really* lucky).  Any cash for gold type of place would buy silver, but they take a hefty cut.  If your goal is USD then going through silver is an expensive pit stop.  I'd say just go to another exchange and get your USD from there.  I don't trade so I can't suggest a better exchange from my experience.  
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:17:10
Storing the blockchain on a different drive as a default option would be *amazing*.  A little while ago I noticed my boot SSD was filling up and found Bitcoin as the main culprit.  A few minutes later I had a symlink set up and about 20 Gigs of space freed up on my SSD.
For anyone who is curious how to do this, check out [this]( bitcoin talk thread, especially the comment linked.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:12:30
Probably not more than a few million (i.e. less than a mid grade GPU).  Maybe a few billion, max.  Not nearly enough to threaten the system.  (these numbers are in hashes per second, not petahashes, by the way).
The hashing portion of bitcoin is not at risk from quantum computing.  Quantum computers can possibly threaten the public key cryptography, which relies on the fact that it is easy to generate a public key from a private key but completely computationally unfeasible to generate a private key from a public key.  I know that Quantum computers can use what's called "Shor's Algorithm" to break RSA encryption.  Bitcoin uses ECC encryption (another flavor of public key cryptography), which I believe is still vulnerable to a quantum computer but I'm not certain exactly how.
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:21:17
Moving on to the final point, I already have the option to reject the conclusion since I have rejected at least one premise.  However, there is a non-sequitur in the final point as well.  I've already pointed out that the argument is weak at showing that statism is cruel and unfair, but even if statism were found to not be allowable it would not follow that anarcho-capitalism is a better system.  It turns out to be pretty darn easy to find fault in the government--they do so many things that many of them are going to turn out to be wrong.  However, that does not prove that a stateless society is better--or even viable.  I am responding for a request to bear the burden of proof for why I disagree with these videos, so I would like to make the same request to bear the burden of proof to those who claim that a stateless society is viable.  I see many issues with that notion, including:
* **Justice**:  If Bob kills Joe's cow, how is Bob brought to justice?  If he isn't brought to justice then what is to stop him from doing whatever he want without regard to other people's well-being?  I shudder to think of the corruption that an openly capitalistic police force would bring, since seeking money seems to be one of the fastest ways for a police force to go sour.
* **Defense**:  I sleep well knowing that there is no way in hell that any nation will effect a strike against my home country (US).  Every day that I go without fear of invasion I am receiving a direct benefit from the fact that some of my tax money goes to support a standing military.  That's not to say that I believe we need to outspend the rest of the world, but that is a matter of policy.  My argument on this point is that a stateless society will not provide for the common defense.
* **Infrastructure**:  This is an easier than average point to address, but it gets there in the end.  We have private roads (I believe this is addressed in *You Can Always Leave*), and in many cases Toll Roads are an example of this in many cases (they are often built in conjunction with state or local governments).  What happens when someone doesn't pay a toll there?  We've established that any form of escalation that ends in violence is not to your liking, so what do we do?  For roads that are not toll-based, who pays?  If we accept that it will be private individuals and businesses then we get into a game of chicken--if you can be close enough to someone else and wait them out until they build a road then you can get them to build a road for you.  Forcing you to pay for that road by violence contradicts the crux of *George Ought to Pay.*  Forcing you to leave contradicts the crux of *You can Always Leave*.  Not addressing this issue leaves you with one citizen taking advantage of another.  I do not believe that any outcome of a stateless society in this regard will be as equitable as a government collecting funds then using them for the greatest good.
* **Research**:  It is certainly true that many companies undertake research in-house and on their own dime.  This only gets us so far, though.  If you look at the commercial flight industry, for example, it is *all* built on research done by NACA (National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, the predecessor to NASA).  That research was done at a time when it was simply not economically feasible for a company to do it.  If we had waited around to find a company willing to invest in decades of unprofitable research then we would have fallen far behind in the industry, and when we got there we would have only a small number of companies with the knowledge to build aircraft since those companies would want to protect their investment.  Similarly, weather and communication satellites are launched with technology developed by NASA for the space race--technology which it would not have been economical for the private sector to develop at that time and technology that would not have been released to the public when it was created.  Every time you check the weather you are receiving a direct benefit from tax money that was spent decades ago.
There are other, lesser points that I can provide, but these are the big ones that I can think of off the top of my head.  If proponents of a stateless society can provide satisfactory responses to these points then I will bring up the other ones.  I should point out at this stage that I do not believe that the state is doing a perfect (or even good in some cases) job of addressing all of these points, but I believe that *a state* is necessary to effectively address each of these.  Libertarianism has its merits and is a reasonably formed compromise in my opinion.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:58:32
Probably still compromised?  Quick, someone log in through the MITM with a password of "Robert'); DROP TABLE Passwords;--"!
@_date: 2013-10-22 05:08:23
Another thing that makes Primecoin stand out is that there are lots of people out there who enjoy working on distributed projects like GIMPS (the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search, which found the largest known prime number(s)) and PrimeGrid (which looks for lots of different types of primes).  These people donate their computer time (and electric bill) to these projects.  
Some such people left distributed computing when Bitcoin came about (I was among those people), but others stayed because they enjoy having their extra CPU time go to a worthwhile cause.  Primegrid is poised to convert some of those people to mining--if you're going to compute prime numbers you might as well get paid for it.  Since they had been working for free *any* payment is better than what they were getting.
Thus, since you have people willing to mine for less than the reward that mining gives you have a stronger network than the inflation+transaction fees would otherwise allow.  In other words:  extra security!
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:33:01


D'OH!  Well, that's a fair point, then.  I guess I will not be downloading the client any time soon. :)


I am indeed a bitcoiner.  To give you an opportunity to understand *why* I am a bitcoiner, such that you may appeal to my particular interests, I will say that I was initially drawn into the project due to the interesting technical aspects of it (I have a CS background) and because I could literally make money using my computer (I did distributing computing like GIMPS and BOINC previously so I already had some hardware).  Since then, I have stayed with the project largely as a hobby partially because I believe the system can become huge someday (or maybe not...) and partially because it's a fun experiment to watch/be a part of.  The aspects of Bitcoin that I find amazing are the facts that it is almost completely decentralized (no single point of failure), *incredibly* secure (the average person has the means to have better security than a bank if they chose to), and it allows someone to send value quickly and securely over the internet around the world for a fraction of a percent.
I don't disagree on any particular point, but I am not yet sold.    You state that Bitcoin needs allies, which I agree with, but I see allies as people more so than as projects.  To apply the ally argument there first must be an established benefit that Ripple gives to the bitcoin project.  I do not yet see a major, substantial benefit it has, other than a common enemy (i.e. centralized and/or corrupt banks)
I understand the concept of deadlock fairly well in the programming sense (I have, after all done some java development), but I do not see its application to economics nor how Ripple solves the problem.  Also, the Mutual Exclusion, etc. are not solutions for deadlock--they are the things that have to be in place for a deadlock to happen.  Is your statement the  and  have been tried before a statement that they people have attempted to remove them from the system?  How?  What went wrong?  Could you cast this point in more of an economic light?
As for the claim that it balances the deflationary aspects of bitcoin and stabilizes it, I do not follow how.  Is it similar to the way that banks increase the money supply by lending?
As for the idea of keeping spam off the blockchain, that makes good sense.  I don't see any reason why this needs to be Ripple, but I also don't see any reason why it shouldn't.  Microtransactions have been clogging the blockchain for a while now (I'm looking at you, Satoshi Dice), even if they do pay most of the fees.  Ripple does seem well suited for that purpose, which I guess is a mark in the "pro" column, so I may very well check it out once it's user friendly (i.e. an actual client).
As for right now, I am not "sold" on the idea.  If you haven't grown weary of this discussion you can continue to make the case for Ripple (particularly valuable arguments are ones that give specific examples of things you can do with Ripple that you can't already do with Bitcoin) and I'll continue to consider it.  
@_date: 2013-09-24 03:27:21
Then how do you use Bitcoin without trust?  The need for trust exists in Bitcoin; only the entity to be trusted has changed.  If I want to buy something from a merchant I *must* either trust that merchant or trust an Escrow provider (which is all PayPal really is, at some level; they're just really bad at it).  Satoshi even acknowledges the need for Escrow (which he surely realizes is an admission in the need for trusting said escrow provider) only 2 paragraphs into the paper!
We can debate Satoshi's intentions all we want, but I think an honest reading of the whitepaper does not support the claim that Bitcoin was designed to operate entirely without trust, only that it was designed to operate without needing trust in third parties, including central authorities, for many actions (such as receiving Bitcoins, holding and securing Bitcoins, or sending Bitcons to trusted individuals).  
Unsurprisingly Satoshi downplays the importance of trusting either escrow providers or merchants since the idea of a currency that needs no trust sells better than one that shifts the trust to another party; you are evidence that that is true today just as it was in 2008.
The only inaccuracy in my statement that Bitcoin is built around trust is that trust in sellers was a consequence of the design rather than an intent of it.  If that is sufficient to be "grossly inaccurate" then so be it. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:07:44
It all comes down to how easy/hard it is to get money (especially fiat) into/out of exchanges.  The biggest culprit of this is Mt Gox, which basically just won't let you withdraw USD--I've heard a few reports of people getting transactions through after a several months.  Since you can't effectively get the USD from Mt Gox to your bank account it may as well be an exchange that deals between USD and Mt Gox Fun Bucks.  
@_date: 2013-11-07 23:15:33
One of the big selling points of Bitcoin is that transactions are irreversible after only a short period of time--only about an hour after it is first accepted into a block it is considered to be pretty much impossible to forcibly reverse.  In my experience with working with the simulation I found that you wind up with much longer chains of blocks that are orphaned (the length of these chains increases greatly as the attackers' percentage rises near 50%).  I would not be as ready to trust Bitcoin if I knew that on a weekly basis we would have several hours of transactions reversed--a scammer could easily release a double spend transaction and (potentially) pay the greedy pool to include the fraudulent transaction instead of the non-fraudulent one.  This harms the utility of Bitcoin and should, in turn, harm the value.
This differs from normal operation of Bitcoin, where the orphan rate is quite low--occasionally there will be two blocks at the same height but the race is almost immediately resolved.  It's not ideal but the effect is so minor that you don't really have to worry about it.  Going from an orphan every once in a while to an orphan at least about every 4 blocks with orphan chains of several blocks being common makes this a big enough issue to worry about.
As to the point in the 3rd paragraph, I think it would not be as bad as the attack that the greedy miners would be carrying out.  I included that more as a last ditch effort to destroy a pool trying this strategy (I think it would fail anyway just because the average miner is honest and you wouldn't get enough greedy miners to get enough of a percentage to carry out the attack).  The idea is that even if the greedy miners go crazy with their greedy approach they can still be stopped if the honest miners band together--the greedy miners cannot control the network with less than 50% of the hashing power, provided the honest miners take a strong strategic stance against the attackers.
I feel this would not be seen as an attack by the honest miners but a defense.  Satoshi set out some rules that miners ought to follow and I think that miners that try to manipulate these rules will be viewed as scammers and dealt with accordingly.  Miners using the greedy strategy would be ostracized from the community, while miners choosing to eject the greedy miners from the network would (in my opinion) be seen as a symbol of the strength of the Bitcoin network.  
This would be a move that has never been seen in the Bitcoin network--a large scale group trying to attack Bitcoin and the honest miners actively defending themselves instead of the passive defense that is built into mining.  It would probably destabilize Bitcoin compared to the present status quo, but I think it would be more stable than having the network under attack from a greedy pool. 
@_date: 2013-08-22 06:14:28
I would like to point out a clarification that seems to have gone unsaid thus far.  The Monarch from Butterfly Labs is *not* in any way shape or form a GPU, other than the fact that it's about the same size and shape and plugs into the same kind of a slot.
Bitcoin mining has taken a path across several types of hardware to get to where we are today.  At the heart of mining is "fastest computer wins," but not all computers are created equal.  First, there was CPU mining--mining on the main processor of a computer.  Processors are great at multitasking and can run complex workloads better than anything else.  Programming on a CPU is a skill that is widely available.
Next was GPU mining.  GPUs take advantage of their massively parallel architecture to solve certain types of problems very efficiently.  Bitcoin mining happens to be one of these.  GPUs take a lot of power though.  Programming for a GPU requires knowledge of Open CL (or CUDA), a less accessible programming language.
The next step, which didn't see nearly the adoption that the previous ones did, was FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays).  FPGAs are not necessarily as *fast* as GPUs for the same price, but they are much more energy efficient.  They are basically just logic gates (AND, OR, NOT, etc) that can be connected programatically.  FPGAs have very specific applications and are not really practical for general computing.  FPGAs take a very specific type of programming as much like circuit design as it is algorithm writing.
Finally, there is Application Specific Integrated Circuits, or ASICs.  That is what the Butterfly Labs products are (well, the ones that *are* anything more than a 30 minute sketch with a nice skin on it).  There are also ASICs on the market from ASIC Miner, Avalon, and a host of other manufacturers who are placing the chips from other sources in their own boards.  ASICs take the Bitcoin hashing algorithm and implement it at the silicon level.  Rather than the processor wasting time and energy decoding instructions it just computes hashes.  A CPU may require 100-1000 clock cycles per hash as it decodes instructions and executes them; an ASIC takes 1 clock cycle.  For comparison, an ASIC Miner USB Block Erupter hashes at about 85% of the speed of a Radeon 6970, but uses only 5 Watts and costs &lt;$50 (less if you look at the cost to produce them; AM and retailers are both taking nice profits).
The tradeoff is that an ASIC can only do one thing ever.  If you had bought a GPU for mining back when it was profitable then you could have a GPU for gaming that mines in the spare time (I did this and really enjoyed my effectively free Radeon 6970).  If you get an ASIC then it computes double round SHA256 and nothing else.
Now, a common question after seeing that progression is "what's after ASICs?"  For right now, nothing.  There are better ASICs that are possible, since none of the currently available models are made with a particularly cutting edge transistor size, but that will be an incremental improvement.  The BFL Monarch is the best, most energy efficient miner that has been announced.  5 years from now when they finish shipping preorders, though, it won't be as competitive.
As for buying mining hardware, right now doesn't seem to be a great time.  Some of the miners (blades, not the USB miners) from ASIC Miner *might* turn a positive ROI if you get lucky with difficulty, but for the most part there is a feeding frenzy of buyers trying to snap up ASIC hardware at any cost.  If you're buying mining hardware to make a profit make sure you do your (math) homework, since pretty much all ASICs on the market are either "shipping in two months" or are priced such that there will be a negative ROI (after all--why would people sell a miner that they could get more out of by mining with it?  Some companies would, but most miners are a bad buy right now).
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:03:41
In general, yes.  The process is called arbitrage.  
The problem is that it's not always easy to get money (especially fiat) into and out of exchanges.  The biggest culprit of this is Mt Gox--getting USD out of the exchange is nigh impossible.  They keep claiming that they're just having trouble with their bank, but there are plenty of people in the community who are calling BS, believing that they actually don't have the money and are facing liquidity problems.
For the most part, if there's an arbitrage opportunity that looks too good to be true, it's probably because there's something standing in the way of people who would otherwise take advantage of it.  
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:29:28
I personally think that the eight decimal places is nicely divided into twos:  1.00,00,00,00.  This has the benefit of being uniform all the way down, while not making the drop too big from one unit to the next.  Also, it makes it so that you can always represent numbers as XX.XX... [units] (until you hit tens of Satoshis, at which point the decimal disappears, and when you hit 100 BTC you have 3 digits before the decimal--still a large range).
I like pairs of digits because a lot of world currencies already divide into "cents," so it is a quick and easy concept to pick up.  Additionally, for the time being at least, the near parity between the bitcent and dollar makes for convenient conversions, which could potentially have a minor stabilizing effect on the market.
@_date: 2013-08-17 06:33:08
The key word in his post, which I'd like to emphasize for you or for any other new miner who is reading this, is *minimum.*  I don't think that Butterfly Labs will even claim that they will get it to you in less than 2 months, and their claims have historically been.... optimistic, to say the least.
@_date: 2013-08-20 22:33:27
I believe that is true of the default implementation.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:19:28
How big do you want to go?  Keep in mind the fact that Bitcoin is a digital currency and as such it gets to benefit from Moore's law and the like.  Right now Bitcoin is chilling at about .7 transactions per second.  At less than 500 bytes per transaction on average that comes out to 350 bytes per second.  To fill up a Gigabyte one would need about a month.  A terabyte would take 80 years or more.  Terabyte drives are already common, if not downright unimpressive.  Twenty years ago a terabyte would be unheard of.  80 years ago a home computer would likely have referred to someone who lives at your home and does calculations on their slide rule.
So, with that benchmark set, let's look at some scaling targets.  The first milestone is Paypal; it seems to be pretty well hated on (and much of the rest of the internet, for that matter), so it would be great to see Bitcoin usurp their position.  They handle a peak transaction rate of about 100 transactions per second, or 142 times that rate (and an average of about half that).  This would be about 50 kilobytes per second (500 kilobits per second after overhead) of internet bandwidth, which is still far less than most standard home internet rates.  The bigger problem would be in storing the complete blockchain, at a few gigabytes per day.  Certainly this is still within the realm of possibility for a dedicated server, but it makes it difficult for an individual to store the complete chain.  We already have infrastructure in place to operate under this model, though, through the use of light weight clients that are not full nodes. 
The next milestone to try for is Visa.  They see a peak transaction rate of several thousand transactions per second (with burst performance of 10,000 tps).  At that speed the internet speed required is substantial for a residential user right now (Google fiber not withstanding), since it would come to about 50 Megabits per second burst with an average speed closer to 5 Megabits per second.  A real enthusiast could probably listen to all of the transactions without too much trouble, but storing them is another story.  At that point the transaction volume could store 18 GB per hour.  To store the blockchain when it grows at that rate would require something on the order of a data center.  However, if that volume isn't seen for the next 20 years then that amount of data could be managable by lower end servers or even home computers.  Adding to that, most of the addresses in the blockchain are actually empty, such that a pruning would be quite effective.
There is also the issue of verifying all of the digital signatures, but Visa levels of transactions are already possible on mid to high end consumer processors, so I doubt that will ever actually be the bottleneck.
I got most of my information from 
@_date: 2013-08-12 04:21:11
When I saw the poll my first thought was "yeah, that'd be great, but how is it sustainable?"  I figured it was a stupid idea, but this seems to be a counter example to that assumption.  Thus, I'm curious, 
* How much could one expect to receive in, say, 1 hour of gaming (for reference)?
* How do the owners not go bankrupt from this?
* What is the incentive for the server owners to give BTC rewards?
@_date: 2013-09-12 02:10:21
Bitcoins can be lost forever for an appropriate definition of forever.  No Bitcoin is 100% unrecoverable if the right cryptography gets broken far down the line.
If Bitcoins are sent to an address that was unintentional (i.e. meant to send to Alice; sent to Bob instead;  I've done business with both in the past) then there is no way to "pull" the funds back.  You can talk to the recipient and request that they send the Bitcoins back.
If you send Bitcoin to an address that is owned by an attacker (I've heard of a virus that scans the clipboard and when it contains something looking like a Bitcoin address it inserts the attacker's address--really crafty) then they are lost *to you* forever.
If you mistype an address then you will almost certainly not get a valid address--it will fail the checksum.  These Bitcoins will never be sent.
If you send Bitcoins to a valid address then the owner of the key irrecoverably loses the key then those Bitcoins are lost until cryptography is broken.  In the long term it is likely that quantum computers will come around and render the current cryptography obsolete.  Bitcoin will likely move on to a new system, but when it does it will have to maintain some level of backwards compatibility. There could be a switching-over period after which all ECC balances are destroyed, or backwards compatibility could be maintained indefinitely.  If the latter is the case then anyone with the right hardware could recover these lost coins (which I'm sure would *very* lucrative).
However, there is a greater level of Bitcoin destruction:  Addresses are not just public keys.  There exists a whole scripting language within the address protocol.  Most transactions have a tremendously simple script--essentially "check that the signature is valid with public key ____.  If valid, spend the coins."  However, you can write a script that is essentially just "if false, spend the coins."  There is no way that false is going to evaluate as true, so the Bitcoins would never be spendable....
Except that the addresses are just a hashed version of the script (with checksums, etc).  This means that even if you send Bitcoins to a script that is demonstrably unspendable, if the RIPEMD-160 hash used in address generation gets compromised then you wind up with the ability to generate a new script that makes the Bitcoins spendable again.
@_date: 2013-08-23 12:07:36
To counterfeit paper money you have to fool one person, and they are only going to look at the bill and feel it.  They aren't going to inquire as to the entire history of the bill back to its creation at the printing press.
To counterfeit Bitcoin you have to fool *everyone\*,* and they are going to check the BTC against incredibly powerful cryptography.  They'll also track every transaction that that BTC has gone through all the way back to the creation transaction; creation transactions require a lot of expenditure of energy by the miners in order to create.
The big thing to realize with Bitcoin is that you do not store your Bitcoins in your wallet.  You store keys.  If you had a bank safety deposit box and copied your key then that does not give you two safety deposit boxes?  If a "hacker" were to make his own key and convince himself that it belongs to a box with a million dollars in it, does that box now exist?  Copying/creating wallets is pretty much the same.
\*Technically half of everyone, but close enough.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:48:26
As a comment on math, I'd like to call out the majority of the Bitcoin community for an assumption that I've seen made over and over when looking at difficulty.  In virtually every prediction I have seen an expectation that the difficulty will rise by X% per month.  This gives rise to an exponential difficulty curve (strictly speaking it's an approximation of such a curve).
In looking at recent difficulty trends this approximation is very good, however, extrapolating curves--especially "explosive" curves like exponentials--is a dangerous thing.  An exponential curve is a reasonable expectation when the rate of increase of a variable is proportional to that variable; for example, since you use computers to design computers there is an exponential rise in computational power--the faster your computers are the faster you can design faster computers.  That is an oversimplification, of course, but when you look at mining there is no such comparison (except that maybe making chips makes you better at making chips, but that has its limits; perhaps this has given rise to the exponential growth so far).
Thus, I think that a better expectation is that difficulty will more-or-less resemble a [logistic curve](  These curves show up a lot in population growth where there is something that gives rise to an exponential growth at first that is later thwarted by a competition for resources.  I believe that the growth we are seeing now is largely limited by how fast ASIC manufacturers can pump out units.  However, we will see this growth slow as the difficulty rises and people realize that buying a USB stick doesn't give them a magic money machine.  Eventually difficulty rises will be caused by increases in price and advances in technology.
When using an exponential curve many ASICs show up as not being profitable in a few months (not even worth the electricity).  For that to happen, though, there have to be lots of people who are able to mine profitably (some may mine for a loss, but the vast majority do it for the profit).  If that is the case then what are they mining with?  I will acknowledge that some people have cheaper power, and there is some economy of scale, but I really question the use of an exponential curve extrapolated that far in the future.  I expect *most* ASICs to be profitable for far longer than most of the predictions I've seen; whether or not it's enough to make a ROI is anyone's guess. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 07:45:39
It's an attempt to solve the problem of double spending.  In short, if I have 10 BTC and I say that I send you these 10 BTC and that I send *the same 10 BTC* to Sally, which transaction goes through?  They can't both be valid--that would mean an extra 10BTC popped into existence--but each individual transaction is valid so one or the other ought to go through. 
The conventional wisdom is to say "the first one is valid," but I could tell people on this side of the world about the transaction to you and at the same time I could tell people on the other side of the world about the transaction to Sally.  You also can't just trust that I will timestamp the transactions accurately since I can put an inaccurate timestamp quite easily.
So, the decision gets put to a vote, and *everyone* gets to vote on which transaction is to be accepted and which is to be rejected.  But we can't just hold a vote based on IP addresses--then someone who wants to manipulate the system could just acquire a ton of IP addresses and overwhelm the system.
Thus, instead of one man, one vote; or one IP address, one vote, Satoshi opted for a "one CPU, one vote" system where in order to cast a vote you have to do some "work."  It doesn't really matter *what* this work is, so long as it takes some time to accomplish and it's easy to verify that the work was done (and some other characteristics I won't get into).  Note that instead of counting all of the votes worldwide the network just says that it will only count about 1 in every 1.5 quintillion votes (this number changes every couple weeks and is chosen such that a "vote" gets acknowledged by the whole network every 10 minutes on average).  This prevents the logistical nightmare of collecting and counting votes. 
Which vote gets chosen?  Each vote, or hash, has a number associated with it.  In general these numbers are roughly uniformly distributed across the range of 0...2^256 .  There is a target number that the network agrees upon that a hash must be less than in order to count.  When a computer finds that it has "cast" a "vote" with a low enough output then that computer tells all of its friends, propagating the "vote" out to the whole network.
So what's in a "vote"?  You may have guessed that it's not just a single transaction.  When a computer considers what to vote on they look at all incoming transactions and pick a collection that they think are valid transactions (this set can't contain conflicting transactions--it could contain my transaction to you or my transaction to Sally, but not both).  A "miner" collects this set of transactions and starts generating votes based on it.  Note that the miner also is allowed to include a transaction that sends 25 BTC + fees to themself; each miner is "voting" for the next accepted block to be the one that has the transaction to them.  Also, each block makes a reference to the previous block (hence forming a chain of blocks), so each "vote" is also a vote for a whole chain of blocks, back to the genesis block. 
How does this give the network security?  If someone wants to try to do nefarious things then they have to outvote everyone, and votes take "work" (computer work, which takes electricity, which takes real tangible resources to generate and transport).  If I want to send 10 BTC to you and then later reverse that transaction, pulling those 10 BTC out of your account and sending them to Sally's account then I release the first transaction (the one sending 10 BTC to you) to the network and I start voting for the one sending my 10 BTC to Sally, but I vote in private.  Eventually the network builds a chain of, say, 6 blocks on top of one that includes my original transaction, and if I have a powerful enough cluster of computers voting for the other transaction then I can release the chain and declare to the world that they have been outvoted.
Thus, the more people who are on the network voting for good transactions the harder it is for some nefarious individual to show up and outvote the rest of the network.  People can be confident that once their transaction gets sponsored by a miner and placed into a block, and once that block gets a few blocks on top of it, that the transaction is irreversible. 
I hope this isn't too confusing of an approach to what purpose "mining" solves.  I know it's not a standard response but it roughly follows Satoshi's explanation in the whitepaper. 
@_date: 2013-07-15 20:45:52
On a mac you should be able to follow the linux compilation guide.  Does mac have apt?  If so then [this]( should work for you, from a terminal window.  Otherwise you might have to track down and install the dependencies manually.
No pretty GUI for you, but you get to calculate prime numbers for money!
@_date: 2013-08-21 01:44:49
Modbot seems to be getting beat today.
@_date: 2013-07-14 19:35:20
It does.  The full description below is somewhat involved, but I can assure you that having read the source code, the white paper, and implemented the algorithm myself, it does.  (Disclaimer:  I have been mining Primecoin since shortly after its release and will benefit personally from its success)
The primes computed by Primecoin form any of three types of chains:  Cunningham chains of the first kind, of the second kind, and Bi-twin chains.  These chains are of the form 2^N K ± 1, where N is an integer and K is divisible by the hash of the current block.  For the Cunningham chains the ± is either a - (first kind) or a + (second kind).  Bi-twin chains must have both the + and the - be prime (thus for each N you have a pair of twin primes, P and P+2).
The key to making each block depend on the previous one is in the requirement that K be divisible by the previous hash.  The hash of each block depends, as in Bitcoin, on the previous block's hash, as well as the Merkle root of the transactions of the current block, as well as other things.  It is easy to check that a claimed K is divisible by a given hash by executing a single (big integer) division.  It is easy to find candidate Ks for a given hash, by multiplying arbitrary integers by that hash.  It is nearly impossible to guess a K that is going to be divisible by a future hash, as that requires K ≡ 0 (mod Hash).  This has odds of happening randomly of 1/Hash; since the hash is 256 bits that makes it 1/2^256 , or about 8.6 \* 10^-78 .  This is zero, for all intents and purposes.
One can improve those odds significantly by using a K that has a lot of factors.  By using a K that is a "primorial" number (product of many small primes) one can improve those odds by a factor of 100 or even 1000, most likely, but that still leaves you with heat-death-of-the-universe low odds.  This approach is further foiled by a hard cap on the size of the prime numbers used, for the sake of the nodes that have to confirm the blocks.
Another thing that Primecoin benefits from that allows a scientific computation to be used is that while the miners have a hard work to do, the confirming nodes have a relatively easy job to do in order to confirm that the work is correct.  While primes (and especially chains of primes) are very rare, they are relatively easy to check.  This is accomplished by Fermat's Little theorem, which states that if 2^P-1 ≡ 1 (mod P) then P is probably prime (here probably is a pretty strong probably--while some composite numbers pass this test they are in the super minority).  The above equation may be quickly executed by fast modular exponentiation, which executes in algorithmic efficiency of O( log^2 (P) \* log(log(P)) \* log(log(log(P))) ).  A confirming node only has to execute a handful of these tests per minute, while even a weak computer can execute hundreds per second.
Primecoin is new and experimental, and should be treated as such, but the security model does have all of the necessary features that make it viable for a proof-of-work blockchain.
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:02:21
Depending on your hardware, the market prices, and your reasons for mining you may actually find it better to mine Litecoin and immediately trade it for BTC.  LTC is even more volatile than BTC recently, though, so it's largely a matter of how much stress watching the markets will cause you.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:29:25
Satoshi has defined a slightly different problem from the classic Byzantine Generals problem--he states "They only have enough CPU power to crack it fast enough if a majority of them attack at the same time."  A single general not participating is not catastrophic in Satoshi's version of the problem.
Incidentally, by doing this he's weakened the problem, and he hasn't offered a true solution in the first place--requiring some finite number of blocks only generates a certain probability of success, not a guarantee.  If 12 ten-minute blocks is sufficient then why not 11?  Why not 2?  Each block makes the generals more likely to succeed, but it is never guaranteed.  In practice this solution is useful (Bitcoin is proof of that), but it is not a formal solution to the problem. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 19:07:57
That article was based on some unstated assumptions and a little bit of shoddy math.  The term is 51% attack.
Have you looked at the cost of executing a 51% attack against Litecoin?  Since Scrypt is ASIC resistant it requires a whole ton of GPUs, which requires an absurd amount of power, and so on.  A large portion of the people who made the Bitcoin network secure with their GPUs are now mining Scrypt coins, predominantly Litecoin.  I suspect Litecoin is more secure than you think.
@_date: 2013-03-20 07:38:34
**BACKUP YOUR WALLET.DAT FILE**, then...
Make sure you keep your client offline.  If it's waiting to spend the coins, you don't want to give it the chance.  Now might be a good time to update to the new client version, since an uninstall of your current version would be the safest option.
Install the new client (suggested electrim; I've only ever used the standard client, so I can't speak to the advantages/disadvantages).
For maximum safety, make a new address to receive coins with, and send all of your coins to yourself (this will compromise a certain amount of anonymity--people will be able to associate your addresses with each other--but that's only a big deal if you are dead set on staying as anonymous as possible).  When that transaction is confirmed your coins are safely yours.
If the original, erroneous transaction goes through, contact bitcoinstore and work with them.  I don't have any experience with them, but the 15 minute window is just to protect them from market movements and people trying to scam them when the price goes up or down after placing the order.  Even if you do wind up sending them coins you are probably not completely out of luck; you'll just have to deal with some customer service to iron everything out.
@_date: 2013-09-16 07:48:58
Wow! You\* have the block erupter USB sticks for only $60?  That's only 2-3 times typical prices so it *must* be a good deal! /s
OP: If you want a halfway decent price, shop around.  Wtcr.ca has decent prices as does BTCGuild, although others are sometimes lower.  It is rare to find one that has a positive expected return for reasonable current estimations of future difficulty, though.  Now is *not* a good time to buy mining hardware (but it's a *great* time to sell it!).  The only thing that the linked site has going for it is that it seems to accept USD directly, which can be convenient if you haven't set up a pathway to obtain Bitcoins directly. 
\* (I assume you are associated with that store because nobody can honestly think that those prices are good)
@_date: 2013-09-09 04:23:28
I really dislike the message that OP is sending and I'm happy to see a voice of reason--by a core developer, no less--at the top of the comments.
I would love to see Bitcoin spread.  It offers a lot of really great improvements over any other payment system or currency that I have ever seen.  However, getting widespread adoption means convincing a *lot* of skeptics.  That means pointing out all of the great features that Bitcoin has to offer, and yet all too often I see...
* Want to avoid taxes?  Avoid them with Bitcoin!
* Want to buy drugs or other illicit goods? Buy them with Bitcoins!
* Hey, did you hear about [insert Bitcoin scam here]?  They were totally a scam!  They'll never get caught, though, since they are protected by the anonymity of Bitcoin (unless they're Pirateat40).
* Hey, we should get [insert porn company here] to accept Bitcoin.  People want to anonymously buy porn!
* etc
Now, I realize that these are valid points, and I realize that many in this community would argue that at least some of those points are great, headlining features.  However, they are *absolutely* not the things that will get Bitcoin to spread--and don't say "People will have to accept Bitcoin--It cannot be stopped!" because Bitcoin is still *tiny* in the currency market and could be squashed outright if a big enough player wanted to stop it.  It is vital that we put our best foot forward.  Top posts should be (and often are) pointing out things like:
* Near-instant transactions (especially compared to the chargeback window of most payment processors) 
* Virtually free transactions
* No chargebacks
* Bitcoin is a Borderless Currency--send money around the globe
* Incredibly redundant by its P2P design
* etc
I feel like the approach that OP et al are taking would be like trying to sell the idea of paper money to a society bartering with chickens by pointing out that it makes tipping strippers easier.  It may be something that paper money does better, but it's not the feature that's going to get the currency to be adopted widely.  Posts like OP's just contribute to a circlejerk atmosphere.
@_date: 2013-08-20 22:11:57
is absolutely correct in theory.  There is no authority that forces any miner to accept any transaction for any reason.  You could make a transaction with a 100 BTC fee and if all of the miners hate you enough then they can reject the transaction.
Now, many miners are running default implementations of the mining code so they will prioritize transactions based on various parameters, like size, age of coins, and fee.  There are miners out there who ignore specific transactions, such as Luke Jr who I recall was not including Satoshi Dice transactions despite their fee; any miner is free to make arbitrary rules like this.
The only way to *guarantee* that a transaction gets into a block is to mine that block yourself (and then convince others to build on that block).  For all practical purposes, though, even low priority transactions get confirmed *eventually*.  
@_date: 2013-04-29 07:56:50
I did not miss your point; don't bother with coming up with an example--it is not needed.
My objection was to the claim that in-game deflation is a meaningless concept, which I stand by.  In-game deflation would obviously not change the purchasing power of Bitcoin vs the USD or any market basket of goods and services; to suggest otherwise would be foolish.  Similarly, differentiating between in-game and out-of-game *bitcoins* is meaningless, unless there is a substantial, meaningful barrier to putting Bitcoins into or taking Bitcoins out of the game.  However, the premise of this whole post is that there exists a game similar in size to Eve which develops its own economy.  In such a case it is quite possible for in-game inflation to exist and for it to have ramifications on the in-game economy.
The real problem is with the definition of "value" and, in turn, "deflation."  If we just take deflation to mean an increase of value over time then the remaining burden is to find a definition of value.  While some poor definitions of value may center on pegging the BTC to the USD (e.g. "the value of 1 BTC is $135 USD"), a more robust definition relies on the purchasing power of the currency.  Established currencies like the USD measure their value against a market basket of goods and services (e.g. Consumer Price Index).  When one quotes the inflation of the USD they are often stating, by reference, that the price of the CPI market basket is increasing by a given percentage annually.  While CPI is a popular metric for real value, it is far from the only one.  Different applications require different market baskets; different market segments may see different levels of inflation from year to year, thus making inflation a difficult thing to directly quantify.  However, it is here that room opens up for the introduction of in- and out-of-game value.  The in-game value would be the purchasing power of the currency vs a market basket of in-game goods (or services, if those are also sold).  Various events could cause the price of such a market basket to rise or fall, and this could accurately be described as in-game inflation.  One such event would almost certainly be the rise or fall of Bitcoin vs the USD and other national currencies.  I personally don't think that a lot of people cashing out would have a hyper-deflationary effect (or, at least, by the time that was an issue the service would have died from everyone leaving), but the point remains that in-game value is a meaningful concept.  If, for example, a hacker were to gain access to the game and were to get lots of otherwise rare items and flood the market then the purchasing power of Bitcoin would greatly increase (i.e. items would cost very, very little BTC).  Someone seeing that trend and expecting it to continue would wait until they thought the price had bottomed out before buying.
So, to respond directly to your claim, 1 BTC can have one value within the game and another value that is more globally defined; however, directly comparing them is not meaningful and these values are independent of where the Bitcoin is actually stored (unless there is a barrier, as mentioned before).  It would be a cop-out to say that the value of 1 BTC is XXX USD--that just shifts the burden to the USD to define its value.  Directly quantifying value is quite difficult, but measuring the rate of change of value is much easier and, more to the point, is *meaningful* in a wide variety of situations.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:18:08
There have been various attempts to estimate or even enumerate the total number of "lost coins." (I've always seen "lost coins" as a term for coins at the bottom of the river).  I believe most estimates are in the few hundred thousand to couple million range, most coming from the early months of Bitcoin when thousands of BTC were needed to buy *anything* (I'm looking at you, pizza).  
There are also "Destroyed coins," which are a subset of "lost coins."  This are special in that they are not recoverable in any way (while an incredibly fortunate disk backup could bring back lost coins).  These occur when a transaction is sent to an ill-formed address (which is very hard to do on accident).  I believe there is something like a couple thousand in this category.
The final category I do not know a common name for, since it is such an uncommon condition, but coins can be destroyed before they are ever generated (perhaps "aborted coins," although I do not like the emotional charge that this name evokes).  The bitcoin algorithm places limits that state that the block generation reward must never exceed (stipend) + (sum of fees), where stipend is 50 BTC but halves every 4 years (i.e. 25 BTC now).  One user (I can't find reference to him now) changed his mining client such that it would reward him with 49.99999999 BTC instead of the standard 50 BTC, thus aborting 1 Satoshi and leaving the fees from the block unclaimed.  I'm only aware of this happening once, as it happened back when solo mining was viable.  
@_date: 2013-12-08 22:09:13
Neutral Guy BTC Guild.  
Mines 7 blocks in a row and has no capacity to predict that run of luck or to retroactively leverage it for evil. 
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:21:33
Moving on to *You can Always Leave* we have a more complicated series of arguments which I'll take one at a time.
First, from 0:00 to about 1:45 there is a claim once again that the state is threatening violence.  This time the claim is spelled out more explicitly.  However, it asserts that "Give me your ball or you'll get a beating" is the same as "Give me your ball or I'll take your ball and your shirt; if you don't then I'll tie you to that tree; if you resist then I'll give you a beating."  I would argue that there is a disconnect between those statements, namely that in the first statement violence is the result of objecting to the taking of the ball while in the second statement violence is only follows from the objection if it is accepted that resistance follows from rejection.
In the end, though, I'll accept that there is some level of implied threat of violence against citizens for not paying taxes.
From there, up until about 2:10 the video goes on to frame Jeff as wanting to improve on the ball but they still assert that the situation has not changed.  This sets the theme for this segment of the video:  the initial situation is a clear case of schoolyard bullying--a beating for not handing over a ball that Jeff has no claim to is obviously a bad situation.  The video then starts stretching the metaphor farther and farther a little bit at a time, always asserting that the conclusion is still valid.  This is an effective argument tactic for convincing someone but is not logically sound.  If a conclusion holds in a base case and a second case is *close* to the base case then the conclusion can only be taken to come *close* to holding.  A bully threatening violence to steal a ball to paint stars on it and give it back is not the same thing as a bully threatening violence to take a ball for himself, nor is it the same as the government collecting taxes.  Since there is not a continuous chain of equivalent scenarios the strength of the original claim diminishes with each step, to the point where the original claim holds little weight against the goal claim of taxation being evil.
Up until 2:40 or so they list some of the state-sponsored services that taxation provides that wouldn't be possible without taxation, but I feel they have committed a straw man argument here.  They list roads which they refute by pointing out that private roads exist; I have stated my issues with the idea of private roads previously.  They point out emergency services like firetrucks and ambulances.  Here I largely agree--there are plenty of locations that use private fire and health services and it pretty much works out.  They point out the social safety net, which is an easy part of the government to pick on.  However, their straw man is revealed when the acknowledge at about 2:40 that there probably *are* services that cannot be provided without taxation.  I do not believe they offer a way that anarchy would provide these services, and this alone is enough to unravel the entire argument for a stateless society.
The next segment, up until about 3:25, is a throwback to the idea that the metaphor will keep being stretched thinner and thinner.  The public work is nicely selected as something that Alvin could conceivably opt out of using, yet he is still threatened with violence.  At this point one could still argue that it is unfair to make him pay for something he won't directly use, but what happens if we slightly alter the scenario and say that Alvin *does* eat the fish from the fish farm.  At this point I would argue that it is justifiable for the state to extract money (by violence if necessary, if we are going to assume that any form of extracting money must be ultimately backed by a threat of violence) from Alvin--otherwise he is directly stealing from the other members of society.  The situation becomes more muddled when we consider other public works like the ones I listed previously where Alvin benefits directly from them on a day-to-day basis, just by enjoying a standard of living from living on the island.
Once again, up until about 3:50 the video takes another step away from the initial schoolyard bully.  Jeff is given more legitimacy by a democratic vote and the original argument becomes even more distant, though that will not stop the video from claiming that it is still perfectly relevant.  Once again I will cite the ideas of Majority Rule and Minority Rights.  We've accepted that there are some things that can only be provided by a state (or, at least, we are working under this assumption which is not refuted by the videos; if we want to address that assumption then by all means we can go down that rabbit hole).  Given that assumption, *someone* has to decide how to bring about those things.  Not everyone will agree, thus some form of decision making process has to come about.  A dictatorship or monarchy has been tried, but it is unpopular--people like to feel like their voice is heard.  A pure democracy is impractical for a large population.  Thus a form of representative democracy is chosen and some people are elected and given the power to make these decisions.  They are tasked with following the will of the majority insofar as it does not step on the rights of the minority.  That has its own problem--determining the rights of the minority--but few people feel it is the right of the minority to enjoy the benefits of the state without paying.
@_date: 2013-09-10 03:29:47
For mixing a small quantity of BTC just make an anonymous account on a small exchange, send the BTC, then withdraw the BTC.  Check taint analysis on Blockchain.info to verify that you got different coins out.  Repeat until satisfied.
This approach isn't guaranteed to work on the first try, and you may have to go to several different sites to find one you like, but the fees will be minimal.  It wouldn't work for large amounts of BTC, but that's not an issue for you, apparently.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:42:18
Asking how public and private keys work is not stupid; it's actually an incredibly complicated subject.
Public keys, private keys, and addresses are all just numbers--strings of binary information.  They are all related, though. The address and public key are the easiest to understand: addresses are just the public key run through a hash algorithm (sha256, the same one used for mining).  This means that you can start with a public key and get an address quite easily, but it would take an unthinkable amount of computational power to get the public key from an address.  When BTC is sent to an address there is no way of knowing what the public key of that address is, but when it is spent from that account the public key is released to the network.  This is just fine, since the public key is meant to be, well, public--anyone can know it.
Explaining the public and private keys is a little bit harder.  The first thing you should know is that you can easily generate the public key from a private key, but the reverse is not feasible with digital computers (quantum computers can use Shor's algorithm to find the private key relatively easily, but by the time quantum computers are a legitimate threat we will be using different encryption methods.  This is also a reason to not reuse addresses).  Public and private keys are interesting in that something encrypted by one can only be decrypted by the other.
To explain public and private keys, consider a (very weak) encryption scheme:  You start with a message--"the quick fox jumps over the lazy brown dog".  To encrypt it you chose a private key--say "7"-- and add that number to each character.  A becomes H, B becomes I, etc.  The encrypted message is "aol xbpjr..."  This demonstrates the idea of an encryption algorithm (add a number to each character) that requires a piece of data to be input.  To decrypt that message you need to use the corresponding "public key," which would be "-7".  Adding -7 (subtracting 7) to each of those letters would return the message to its original form.  This encryption is obviously laughably weak and it doesn't have several important characteristics--private key is easily obtainable from the public key; keyspace (number of possible keys) is only 26, etc--but it does illustrate the general idea of a key.  It should be noted that this example is essentially "symmetric key cryptography," since the public and private keys are essentially the same.
So how is this actually used in Bitcoin?  When someone wants to send a transaction they publish the transaction publicly--they tell all their neighbors about it; they tell their neighbors, etc, until everyone knows.  In the transaction they list the public keys that they are sending from and the addresses they are sending to.  Anyone can easily find the addresses they are sending from since that just requires hashing the public key, so they can verify that the input has the BTC available to send.  If that were all that the transaction included then anyone could make the transaction once they knew the public key, but this is where the magic of private keys comes in.  In addition to sending the unencrypted message the sender "digitally signs" it by including the message encrypted by the private key.  Anyone can use the public key to decrypt it and see that the decrypted signature matches the original message, but you can't use any of the information to find out what the private key actually is.  If someone attempts to tamper with the original message then they won't be able to generate the signature and their tampering will be found.
As to where things are actually stored, you only have to store the private key--everything else can be generated from it.  You wallet.dat file holds you private keys (I dearly hope that it is encrypted! That feature is available in most wallets).  It also holds public keys, I believe, so that it doesn't have to store the private keys in memory to check your balance.  A lot of addresses and public keys are stored in the blockchain and elsewhere, but they are designed to not need to be kept secret.  For most online wallets they control the private key.  THIS IS INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS AND YOU SHOULD NEVER, EVER, **EVER** LET ANYONE STORE YOUR PRIVATE KEY!!  Anyone with your private key can spend your coins at any time.  I understand that blockchain.info uses a system that builds the private key from a user's password and information stored on their server to make this more difficult, but I still don't trust it--your coins are a hack and a phishing site away from being stolen in that case.
If you want to learn more about public key cryptography there are some good resources online, including Youtube.  Be prepared for some tough math, though.  I can list the properties of public and private keys but proving them is quite a lot more involved, and is beyond my education to explain.  
[This guy]( gives a decent rundown of the idea of encryption and decryption and its applications (largely what I've written here).  [This guy]( gives a great explanation of it, provided you can keep up with the math.  He explains keys in general in that video and RSA in [this]( video. Warning: lots of math
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:14:16
You're ignoring the most important point, though.  In the long term the difficulty will always readjust, so all that matters is what percentage of blocks get accepted into the main chain that come from the greedy miner.  If over 25% of the blocks come from a miner with 25% of the hash rate then the greedy miners have won.
If you run a simulation of the attack (such as with [this]( quick java applicaiton) then you find that the greedy miner orphans enough of the honest blocks that the blocks they find are more than their fair share of the blocks (based on their mining speed).  The effect is minimal when the attackers have 25% of the mining speed, but with 30% they get several percent more than 30% of the blocks.  That is their advantage.  
Trying to analyze this attack in terms of block time is an exercise in futility.  You must analyze it in terms of percentage of blocks accepted to the main chain. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:43:09
Is whipping out your smartphones and generating QR codes more effective than a running tally on a whiteboard on the fridge, settled at the end of the week/month?
I'll agree that this is the *cooler* way, but I'd argue that it's hardly the easiest way.  If a roommate can't/won't use a written system like that then they probably won't use Bitcoins either, but that gets into non-bitcoin issues of mutual respect and communication. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:29:34
Litecoin is build directly off of the source code of Bitcoin, so in almost every way it is identical.  The two big (only?) protocol differences are that the blocks are targeted for 2.5 minutes (i.e. 4 times as fast as Bitcoin), and the proof of work hashing algorithm is "scrypt."  That algorithm was chosen because it is very memory intensive, meaning that FPGAs and ASICs are at a disadvantage.  It is probable that GPU mining will continue to be the main method for mining LTC for the next few years.
Other than that, it has its own exchange rate ( is the primary exchange.  If you go there, ignore the "troll box") and its own difficulty (~150 right now).  The difficulty is on a different scale and the hashes are a different type of hash (I get about 1/1000 as many hashes per second with scrypt vs the bitcoin double SHA256 hash), so you would have to do the math for your scenario to see which is more profitable.  It all comes down to BTC difficulty, LTC difficulty, the BTC to LTC conversion rate, and your BTC and LTC hashing rates.  There are calculators out there for both BTC and LTC, but I'm sure you can find those.
One should note that there is almost no volume of actual commerce in LTC, at least from what I've seen.  There are a few people who are trying to make it work as a currency, but it doesn't offer enough improvement over Bitcoin to really have a huge market presence.  That said, though, it seems to be the 2nd most successful P2P cryptocurrency, so that's something at least.
Really, there are tons of cryptocurrencies out there.  Only a few are worth anything at all, but it can be an interesting academic exercise to look at each of them and how they differ.
@_date: 2013-08-23 11:56:47
If you know it's from a friend, the easiest thing to do seems to be to ask them, but maybe I'm underthinking this....
@_date: 2013-08-21 09:23:51
I use the built in functionality of the QT client.  That way the private keys are only ever stored in a decrypted form when the wallet is temporarily unlocked to spend coins.  I don't see any reason to use a different encryption, while encrypting via 7zip or similar leaves an unencrypted wallet sitting around.
I guess you could always use both, but I prefer some level of usability and I trust the security more than I trust myself to not forget passwords.
@_date: 2013-12-29 17:38:15
I'm pretty sure the main thing that is taking a lot of time when syncing with the block chain is verifying transactions, not the blocks.  More to the point, it's a lot of database operations--the blockchain is too big to fit in the system memory of most computers, so it's kept on the hard drive and read in as necessary.  A transaction can spend from any unspent address in the database, which means you have to have very fast random read performance on your hard drive (or, ideally, SSD).  
Once the appropriate data is loaded the miner has to check the signatures, but that isn't the double round SHA256 hash, so even there the ASIC isn't applicable.  ASICs are designed to be *application specific*, so it's going to be *very* difficult to find another application where they are useful.
@_date: 2013-08-10 06:30:44
Trademark litigation from eBay for using "Bay" coming in 3... 2... 1...
I hope your friend gets some good business, but be aware that  is already established and does the same thing and that eBay (owners of PayPal) hates Bitcoin.  Having choice is nice, though.
@_date: 2013-04-01 05:46:05


The actual reason why OP's conspiracy is not likely to happen.
That said, though, in his description of the conspiracy the launderer sends SD the signed transactions, and SD publishes only the ones that win or lose as necessary, while discarding the rest.  The only "going rogue" that could happen is SD could publish all of the transactions, stealing all of the launderer's coins.  The launderer is described as emptying the wallets after the laundry is done, such that SD loses the ability to do this, but there is a time where the holder of the tainted coins is at risk of having them stolen.
@_date: 2013-08-23 23:10:28
Bitcoins are released in a converging geometric series.  It's like Zeno's paradox--about every 4 years half of the remaining Bitcoins are released.  The infinity is avoided by the fact that there is a smallest amount of Bitcoins, so the final Satoshis will be released in about 2140 (earlier if the difficulty rises monotonically).
On the other hand, we'll get close enough for all practical purposes much sooner.  By 2033 the block generation reward will be about 1 BTC, at which point the transaction fees need to be large enough to pay the miners to secure the network.  Increased transaction volume could play a role in supporting mining, but ultimately I would expect to see fees increase.
@_date: 2013-08-08 22:36:54
I can see some benefit of bypassing Bitcoin entirely, but be aware that you are giving up a nice slice of your profits by doing so, as well as a *lot* of transparency.  And do not fall into the trap of "If all goes well."  Difficulty is rising and will continue to rise.  There are multiple players in the ASIC field right now and they are all churning out ASICs as fast as they can.  In 5 months people will reminisce about back in august when a Block Erupter got almost $.50/day.
As to the dropping prices in ASICs, note that in the past few weeks USB Block Erupters have gone from about 2 BTC to about 1 BTC to about .5-.6 BTC.  They all come from the same source--ASIC Miner--and they recently made a wholesale offer (with conditions) that came out to something like .17 BTC per device (I don't have a source on that one handy).  This is still likely well above the cost to produce these devices, and as more competition enters the scene they will be forced to lower prices further.
Finally, to the point of hardware failures, I would point out that there are units that were DOA, units that failed early in their life, and everything else.  It's like trying to guess the life expectancy of someone born in 2000--the only data points of deaths are people who died much earlier than the average.  Asic Miner did not design these chips to break easily, though.  I would expect them to run just fine for a long time, but I'm not qualified to say just how long.  
@_date: 2013-05-31 20:22:20
I'll give it a stab.
Every block has a fair amount of data in it in addition to the transactions that it is confirming.  Two key pieces of data are the previous block and the time stamp.  When a miner mines a block that is the 2016th since the last difficulty change they look at their own current time and the time of the block that is 2016 in their history.  This determines the difficulty for the next 2016 blocks *built on this one.*  The miner of a given block has some leeway on what timestamp they choose, but they can't really do much with it--it cant' be before the 2015th block's time stamp or the block will be rejected, and it can't be in the future by more than a couple seconds or it won't be accepted.  Also, setting the time step has to be done before the hash is computed, so a miner can't wait until they mine a block then set the time to what they want.  Changing the timestamp changes the hash and almost certainly results in a hash that isn't low enough to constitute mining that block.
If someone else also mines a block that cites the same 2015th block as its parent then they would state their own timestamp and their own difficulty.  Since this would almost always be within a few seconds it is unlikely that the difficulty would be different by any substantial amount, but it would strictly speaking not be equal, most likely.  At that point you have a fork, and standard fork resolution methods come into play.
In general, a node will accept the first block it sees and start working on top of it.  If the second 2016 block is more than a few seconds behind the first one then it will not get much of the global hashing power behind it.  Once the miners choose the block to build on they start their race.  Pretty much, the first chain to add a 2017th block wins and the other chain is orphaned.  This is just like any other orphaning and the consensus is reached in the same way--whichever chain represents more "work" is accepted as the true chain.
There is one interesting thing that could happen, though.  The previous analysis assumes that both of the miners were operating honestly.  There is (was) a theoretical "Time Warp" attack that could have been attempted against the network during a difficulty adjustment.  It starts with a mining operation that has a significant mining power--at least 12.5% of the network is ideal.  When they mine a 2016th block they set their timestamp to be a long way in the future, causing a major difficulty drop (4x is the limit as enforced by the protocol).  Suddenly they can mine blocks on top of that one at 4x the rate of an honest miner, making their 12.5% look like 50%.  They continue doing this until the difficulty is ridiculously low and they are able to mine blocks at an insane rate, while telling the network that it is the year 2700.  This isn't a real threat, though, because it's super easy to detect and stop.  Firstly, it requires publishing blocks that are far in the future, which are not propagated through the network.  Also, while the attacker would have the chain with the most blocks, it wouldn't be the best chain, which gets back to the original question of how consensus is achieved.  The best chain is the one that represents the most work, which is to say the highest sum of difficulties.
The network doesn't take the approach of preventing forks from happening.  Instead, it takes the approach of resolving the forks quickly and fairly (i.e. most hashing power wins) when they do happen.  
@_date: 2013-07-15 17:04:23
You can download the official client from [this]( forum thread.  Note, however, that since its release about a week ago there have been many, many other clients compiled with various optimizations.  Some of those clients, though, have been producing invalid shares or have fallen off the network; use them at your own risk.
Also, be warned that mining has *really* slowed down since release--by a factor of several hundred.  Now I get about 1 block per day mining on 4 computers, two of which are remarkably fast.
Once you have the client you can start mining by going to help-&gt;debug window, then clicking on the console tab and typing "setgenerate true &lt;processors&gt;" where you can either leave &lt;processors&gt; blank or put the number of cores you want it to run on (-1 for "all).  You can come on over to for specific Primecoin discussion.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:40:39
There are some miners already who will ignore feeless and low-fee transactions.  For now miners pretty much just include transactions out of the goodness of their hearts--they aren't obligated to and the reward for including them really isn't that much compared to the block generation reward.
An important thing to remember is that miners can choose not to include any transaction for any reason.  A famous case of this is that some people (most vocally Luke-jr) decided to take a stand against Satoshi Dice, using claims like that they are DDOSing the network and are spammers and the like.  Thus, he put a check into his program to reject those transactions, even though they carry a higher-than-average fee.  
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:31:42
And that I would agree is wrong.  If someone is doing their best to not step on anyone else's toes and is making do with their non-ideal situation of living in a country whose ideals they vehemently disagree with then I think it's perfectly reasonable for them to not pay taxes and for the government to just ignore them--I'm a fan of majority rule while not compromising minority rights (otherwise democracy is just two wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner).
I don't think that eliminating the state solves the issue of using the implicit threat of violence to carry out day to day business, though.  Some time ago I was sent off to watch the video series George ought to pay, or something to that effect.  It asserted that since a person not paying their taxes would be faced with an ever escalating series of requests eventually involving police coming in and hauling you off to jail (or, if you resist strongly enough, just shooting you on the spot).  I don't necessarily agree that taxing is equivalent to an outright death threat (I feel the logic presented in the video was too similar to A roughly equals B and B roughly equals C and C roughly equals D, so A roughly equals D), but I can see the argument.
However, I don't see a stateless society fixing that issue.  There isn't a government that comes along and requests its payment, but any concept of ownership suddenly becomes a broadcast death threat--If I own a cheeseburger and am unwilling to protect that ownership to all ends then what meaning does that ownership have? (naturally, if we're being less tongue-in-cheek we choose something more substantial than a cheeseburger).  That doesn't introduce a clear *moral* issue--If I undeniably own my cheeseburger then someone trying to take it from me is in the wrong, so continued, escalating threats of theft can morally be met with counter-threats of violence without the cheeseburger owner being as evil as the governments are depicted.  This does introduce the idea that death threats are inherent in ownership, though.
Where the water gets murky is when two people have a dispute of ownership.  They both claim the same cheeseburger and both have a rightful claim to do so (say, the cheeseburger is actually a car and it was inherited from their mutual father who left no instructions; they have no other kin to arbitrate).  Both individuals have an equally valid claim to the cheeseburger, both are unwilling to relinquish that claim, and both reject the other's suggested arbitration (no arbiter can be completely unbiased)--they even reject suggestions for people to *choose* an arbiter.  How is this to be resolved?  I am aware of no construct within a stateless society whereby arbitration could be applied to that situation from outside, so are they just left to fight to the death?  This may seem facetious, but I'm genuinely curious how someone who (I assume) believes that this type of society is feasible would resolve that situation.
As an addendum to that example, I will readily admit that it is quite contrived--people perfectly symmetrical with no room for cooperation--but that example was just to lay the groundwork.  What happens if you accidentally crash into my car?  How are we to negotiate the damages to be paid?  What happens if you choose not to pay them--does that not lead to the same death threat line of reasoning?  Is it suddenly moral for me to exert violence against you to extract damages that were determined by a 3rd party that you had to agree to (perhaps not the specific party, but there has to be *some* form of arbitration).  How do voluntaryists address the necessity of arbitration or the existence of justifiable and symmetric threats of violence without it?
Another big problem I see with the idea of voluntaryism is that I see states as the natural result of a stateless society.  Such a society is inherently capitalistic--people own things and use them for their own benefit and happen to benefit society in the process.  Since there is no regulation (aside: is this a fair assumption) there is nothing to prevent individuals from gathering their wealth and using it to buy the means of production (gonna sound all Marxist for a second here; sorry), which they use to generate more wealth which buys more means of production, and so on.  Eventually the individuals who see this runaway exponential growth are in a position where they can buy all of (or enough of) the land that they *become* the state.  They tell people that they can live his land as long as they pay rent, and in exchange he will use some of that wealth for upkeep on his property.  Perhaps some economic overlords team up with others to pool their resources to outproduce their neighbors (more efficient division of labor and what not).  
Over time the tenants grow dissatisfied by the inequality of power--the original accumulator of wealth has long since passed away leaving his fortune to his progeny, so the tenants do not recognize the owner's right to tell them what to do (even though he owns the land--it passed to his possession over a series of good faith transactions that can be traced back to homesteading).  To satisfy them perhaps he gives them the right to choose what rules will be enforced his land by a popular vote, or perhaps by appointing representatives who the land-owner will pay out of the money he collects as rent (to make things easier he issues notes that the tenants can use to pay their rent).  
At this point, or perhaps far before this point, we are right back to a society with a state, born out of the rules that I've always seen posted for how a person (or a legal person, if the construct of a corporation can exist without a government) may go about acquiring property and using said property--setting rules on the property.  I do not claim that this is a method that modern states can typically trace their roots back to, but I suspect that the first governments followed a history not terribly unlike what I've described.
I do not claim that this is the *only* way that a stateless society can evolve, but it is the only way that *I* see it evolving.  People given the opportunity to acquire power will do so and a system without a government to provide some form of oversight offers a *multitude* of opportunities for individuals to acquire power.  
I, for one, prefer a government that is lean and minimalistic which has a set of rules they must follow to avoid corruption.  I prefer a government where laws must be written at an accessible level (no thousand page USA PATRIOT act obscuring what they're actually doing) and where their scope is limited to those things that they truly can provide better than private industry (e.g. military for defense, perhaps infrastructure, research spending on projects far from market, etc).  I prefer that this government be as opt-out as possible (people wanting to form a society in the mountains with minimal benefits received from their former nation should not be burdened with tax, with the understanding that they forfeit such things as defense from outside invaders unless it suits their former state).  To me this is a more tenable goal.  It has much greater potential for long-term stability in my opinion than any stateless society does. 
@_date: 2013-10-05 05:57:36
I feel it is prudent to point out that Reddit Gold can be bought with Bitcoins--no fumbling with credit card numbers or billing addresses, just send the coins and you're done.
Between the US Government shutdown/looming debt ceiling issues and the Silk Road shutdown there are a lot of people having their first real look at the currency.  I browse the new feed of and have seen a *substantial* increase in the number of "ELI5: Bitcoins" posts over the past few days.  
A common question is "what can I buy with Bitcoins?"  The mass media would tend to have people believe that the answer is only drugs, but Reddit Gold is a nice thing to bring up along with the long list of merchants around the world who accept Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-09-12 01:16:53
The discussion I saw after that article suggested that he was mining from several computers and, having written the code himself, had gone in and changed the nonce range manually on each machine.  That would prevent the machines from just hashing the same data if they had a poor source of entropy for generating random keys.  I know a number of people had that problem in the early days of Primecoin mining using cloud computers.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:31:56
Have you actually read the [whitepaper](  I feel like it gets cited as saying a lot of things it doesn't.  It mentions the word "trust" exactly 14 times.  The first 7 are in the first couple of paragraphs and speak of the disadvantages to trusting *a third party.*  The next 3 are in section 2, discussing the disadvantages of trusting *a central authority.* It then mentions trust twice more in examining privacy, finding the disadvantages to trusting *a third party.*  Only the final mention of the word trust in the body of the document (there is a final mention in the title of one of the references) even sort of supports your claim:


However, in light of every other usage of the word trust in the document it seems reasonable to take that "trust" to mean trust in third parties and central authorities.  In the whitepaper Satoshi never defends (or, arguably, even makes) the claim that there is no need for trust when using Bitcoin, only that there are certain entities that do not need (or exist) to be trusted.
Perhaps it is vaguely inaccurate for me to state that *Bitcoin* is built around trust, but I would argue that *Bitcoin transactions necessitate trust* is a true statement.
@_date: 2013-08-29 21:08:10
With a transaction that size pretty much anyone running a standard mining application would include the block immediately.  With the discrete nature of blocks you can't do better than the very next block (i.e. you can't get the transaction confirmed in a half block).
That said, it's *possible* that there's someone out there mining who has their miner set up to include blocks only based on their fees, in which case it would be possible that this transaction would be passed over.  It's highly unlikely that including a fee would hurt.
@_date: 2013-08-18 20:20:56
I'd like to casually point out that while that is the difficulty of brute forcing a 256 bit key the difficulty is much, **much** less if you have a more direct approach.
This was addressed in [xkcd]( to show one very relevant way in which even the best pass phrases are easily defeated.
Additionally, there are dictionary attacks where you can crack someone's passphrase in a relatively short time; these attacks are potent against brain wallets or against cracking an encrypted wallet that has been lost, but have no strength against private keys generated from good entropy.
Finally, though, I would like to present the biggest threat in my opinion:  **Quantum Computing.**  It is well established that ECC (the cryptography behind the public and private keys in Bitcoin) fails under a quantum computing attack due to a variant of Shor's algorithm.  The SHA256 algorithm for mining falls to a form of Grover's algorithm.  I believe that even unspent addresses are vulnerable to quantum computing since Grover's algorithm can reverse the hashing functions that obfuscate the public key, allowing the variant of Shor's algorithm to derive the private key.
In short, under quantum computing Bitcoin comes apart at the seams and everything that makes it secure and attractive is destroyed.  Anyone with a quantum computer can destroy Bitcoin overnight.  And there is no effective reaction once the attack starts--people would have to race to claim their coins before the attacker claims them, since owning the private key is the only way to demonstrate ownership and someone with a quantum computer owns *all* of the private keys.  In fact, an attacker could precompute his attack, finding thousands of high-value private keys and then releasing transactions once he has enough.  There would be no way to revert this, since there is no central authority to arbitrate disputes--the network does that and the only way it does it is that the first person with the private key wins.
"So what?" you say, "That's a long way away."  I disagree.  There has already been a demonstration of Shor's algorithm working, albeit on a very small scale (it factored 21 = 7 x 3).  That said, though, it was a valid proof of concept, and more terrifyingly it was done in public.  History has shown time and time again that the powerful governments of the world have had a couple of decades of a lead on matters of national defense, and cryptography definitely falls in that realm.  I feel I should point out that in order to execute these attacks you don't need more than 256 qubits (if I understand quantum computers correctly).  The ~5 bits used to factor 21 is probably less than 20 years from 256--assuming a Moore's law doubling every 2 years they would be up to 5,120 bits in 10 doublings.
"Any other evidence?" you ask?  Well, we have numerous allegations and implications that the NSA and other parts of the Federal US Government are trying to collect encrypted data.  It could very well be possible that they are collecting this in the hopes of breaking the cryptography in the future, either by technological advances or by collecting keys.  It could very well be possible that they are using encrypted traffic as a flag to look for sensitive unencrypted traffic.  However, when you look at the Lavabit shutdown it seems quite believable that the government was trying to gain access to Snowden's encrypted email--email that was encrypted to the point that *Lavabit* couldn't even see its contents.  Why would they want encrypted data that it would take them billions of years to decrypt?  To me, the NSA having access to quantum computing is a believable and consistent explanation for a lot of what I've seen.
So what do we do?  Well, there are cryptographic schemata that are still secure under quantum computing.  It has been discussed many times that it is possible to implement these in Bitcoin.  The way I see it, there is absolutely no reason not to implement these now.  So we go and we first update the main clients to be able to read transactions that are secured with quantum-proof cryptography.  Once these clients are in the majority (especially the majority of miners) we start pushing out clients that use quantum-proof cryptography as a default.  We post a message to the clients encouraging them to send their coins to new addresses, or perhaps even include a script to do this.
Now, this doesn't solve all of the problems, but it makes things a lot better.  For example, coins that have been lost (including thousands of coins from the infancy of Bitcoin) are fair game for anyone with a quantum computer to grab (this excludes coins that have been destroyed by being sent to an invalid address).  That problem can be addressed by locking all coins still in an ECC address after some period of switch-over time, which would have the interesting effect of pruning a massive amount of the blockchain and giving a great indication of how many Bitcoins have been lost.  That is only an option if we are proactive about addressing the Quantum threat.
The other big problem I can see that this wouldn't change is that SHA256 is reversible under Quantum Cryptography.  In short, that is to say that someone can solve a block regardless of its difficulty in a relatively short time.  I'm not aware of any hashing function that is resistant to Grover's algorithm.  This could potentially destroy Bitcoin.  I will caveat that by pointing out that the speedup of Grover's algorithm is not nearly as harsh as the speedup of Shor's algorithm, so perhaps there is no danger at all here.  For comparison, brute force is O(N), where N is the size of the key space, so going from a 128 bit key to a 256 bit key is 3.4 \* 10^38 times harder.  Grover's algorithm is O(N^1/2 ), so it would be 18 quintillion times harder.  Shor's algorithm is O(log(N)^3 ), so it would be 8 times harder, but Shor's algorithm is useless against hashing functions.  Ultimately, Grover's algorithm still requires work to be done, so "proof of work" is still valid.  Perhaps quantum will be the next step after ASIC; perhaps not.
@_date: 2013-10-22 18:28:36
Let's say you were happily trading on Mt Gox, which used to be pretty easy to get your money out of, but then they shut down all cash withdrawls, promising to have them back "soon," but "soon" hasn't come yet.
If you need your money fast then your only option is to convert any USD you have on the exchange into BTC and to then withdraw in BTC.  When you make that trade you are pulling the price higher.  When lots of people make that trade the trend gets reflected in the price.
It reflects a simple fact about fiat (and, to a lesser extent, deposits denoted in cryptocurrencies):  not all USD are equal (this is contrary to the idea of fungibility, which is an ideal characteristic of money).  1 USD in your bank account or a 1 dollar note in your hand may have one value, but 1 USD on Mt Gox has a different, slightly lower value.
Thus, even if the BTC on each exchange is equally valued (which they typically are unless an exchange is super shady and at risk of going out of existence overnight, taking your coins with them) the price will be labeled as a different number of USD since the *USD* are a different value on the exchanges.
@_date: 2013-10-05 18:42:27
It does indeed!  Thanks!
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:32:40
Even if the virus got the wallet file (reasonable, given how many backups I have) it would still need my passphrase, which pretty much means keylogger.  Almost all keyloggers are easily defeated by a virtual keyboard, but those that aren't would easily be defeated by keeping the wallet on a live Linux USB drive.  If your browsing habits are such that you can't trust your computer not to have a keylogger, just use a different OS.  Having 2 or 3 wallets limits damage to the single wallet that is compromised, even if all of this fails.  Next!
@_date: 2013-05-09 14:45:58
The secret service still isn't too keen on it--see the information in the wikipedia article about Where's George--but it's not strictly illegal under defacement laws.  I think the thing that Where's George got into trouble for was advertisement.  Those laws may apply to what OP is doing.
@_date: 2013-11-07 23:30:46
It's all about orphaning the honest miners' blocks more than you orphan your own blocks.  By withholding blocks and releasing them when you can orphan an honest block you hurt the revenue of the honest miners, but you also increase your own odds of having your own blocks orphaned.  The paper simply describes a way in which you hurt honest miners more than you hurt yourself (and then the network readjusts difficulty to help everyone--it's a zero-sum game).
One of the keys of the attack that I didn't realize until I wrote and ran the simulation is that it is surprisingly common for the attacker to orphan several honest blocks at once.  If you don't consider this effect then the attack is much less viable.  In my simulation the attacker winds up being several percent under expected values for a long time but then jumps ahead when they orphan several blocks at once. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 05:35:14
I'll agree that there's no way to say for certain that the NSA has quantum computers--it's quite probable that they don't.
I'll agree that any cryptography that gets used in Bitcoin needs to be well studied and shown to be viable.
I'll agree that it's wise to keep the storage and processor burden down as much as possible.
But I will still sit nervously in the corner knowing that IBM has demonstrated Quantum computers.  I'll still nervously watch as the D-Wave systems get tested to show whether or not they can live up to (any of) their claims (not looking too great so far for them, but one has 512 qubits).  I would *really* like the inevitable shift to post-quantum cryptography to happen before it's a response to a pressing situation--Bitcoin has never really been substantially hacked (there have been a few small incidents that were fixed in hours); a full quantum breach could result in the theft of millions and would undoubtedly cause a major loss of faith.
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:17:19
For all practical purposes it is still anonymous, yes.  The only way that they could prove that it was you that initiated the transaction would be if they had the ability to intercept and read all data coming into and going out of your computer and then found that you were transmitting a transaction that you hadn't received (which means that you were the origin of the tansaction and weren't just passing the word along).
I'm pretty sure that in order to do this the attacker would have to have broken at least some amount of cryptography (I do believe that the communication between your computer and others in the network is encrypted).
@_date: 2013-09-06 03:42:52
This is good advice, but don't forget that agencies like the NSA are unlikely to tell the authors of the software if *they* find a weakness.
Also, remember that  "national security" is an area where a *lot* of government funding goes; a good portion of that money goes into research.  For all we know the NSA has found some solution to the discrete logarithm problem and is keeping that solution all hush-hush.  Improbable, perhaps, but if you're in the tinfoil hat crowd then this is something to consider. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:58:15
Yes.  In fact, I would argue that it is almost *certainly* going to happen.  Look at all currencies that have ever been used.  A few are still being used at present but the vast majority came along and eventually fell when something better came along (where "better" is a loose term that is highly context dependent--fiat replaced notes backed by gold or  silver because that was better for the people running the system).  The whole idea that Bitcoin could conceivably replace current national currencies would tend to support the idea that any currency can be superseded when a better currency is formed. 
The real questions in my mind are *what* will the thing that replaces Bitcoin be and *when* will Bitcoin be replaced.
One possibility is that an altcoin comes along and overtakes Bitcoin, either by simply out-competing Bitcoin or by stepping in when something catastrophic brings down the Bitcoin network.  Bitcoin is very conservatively managed and hasn't had any major changes to the protocol since the genesis block--there have been a few patches here or there to fix vulnerabilities but there hasn't been any substantial change.  Many believe that if an altcoin were to come along with a design that is definitely better than Bitcoin then aspects of its design would be assimilated to Bitcoin, but I don't think that the core dev team would be likely to make substantial changes (e.g. adding a Proof of Stake aspect).  If the dev team (or *a* dev team--nobody owns Bitcoin) decides to release a fork then that could divide Bitcoin by ideology and lead to its downfall.  If something better comes along then I will be happy--Bitcoin is pretty awesome so something better than Bitcoin would have to be freaking fantastic.
Another possibility is that some new and completely revolutionary currency comes along that nobody sees coming.  Bitcoin was something that none of us saw coming (unless you're Satoshi or one of the maybe few dozen people who were working in the field when Bitcoin was being developed), but it is poised to revolutionize currency as we know it.  It would be arrogance to the point of hubris to believe that no further currency revolutions will occur.
Either of these scenarios is quite possible, or there could be another that I cannot think of.  It's conceivable that Bitcoin really *will* live forever--at least until we get to a post-scarcity society or the ~~robot overlords~~ kind and nurturing robot masters ~~brutally murder us~~ relieve us of our mortal affliction.  I'm confident that Bitcoin will remain atop its throne for at *least* a few years longer, and probably quite some time after that. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:02:50
Just for giggles.... 
From [this]( page towards the bottom I saw someone used pooler's cpuminer 2.2.3 to get 16.6 MHash/s on a similar i5 (only 2.5 GHz... feel free to round up).
[This]( page gives the estimated time to find a block at only 801,746.5 days!  .... but it could be much, much longer (or you could get crazy lucky).
At any rate, mining with a CPU would be an exercise in futility.  Mining with a phone would be verging on insanity.  Mining on a NES, though, [that's just cool](
@_date: 2013-08-07 15:44:32
Currencies other than Bitcoin are going to be presented in a pretty negative light by a lot of subscribers to Bitcoin; be aware of that bias in this sub.
To understand the core difference I assume you are aware of mining, at least to the level of knowing that it is a way to get coins for computational time.  I also assume you are aware of the hierarchy of mining hardware--CPU, GPU, FPGA, ASIC (processor, graphics card, field programmable gate array, and finally application specific integrated circuit).
Bitcoin is the original, classic cryptocurrency.  It's been going on longer than any of the others, and has the lion's share of the market.  Litecoin was brought into existence by people who were upset that their CPUs could not mine Bitcoins any more.  They replaced the SHA256 hashing function in the mining algorithm with Scrypt, another cryptographic hash function.  This change was designed to make it hard/impossible to mine on a GPU; the coin failed outright in that regard.  However, it is proving to be FPGA and ASIC resistant, so the coin was re-branded as being a GPU-only coin.  As ASICs are dominating all SHA256 coins beyond the ability of GPUs to really compete, Litecoin has stepped up and is supported by GPU miners.
Supporters of Litecoin like to market it as "Silver to Bitcoin's Gold," since there will be far more Litecoins produced and blocks are generated 4 times faster, making it better for day-to-day transactions.  Opponents of Litecoin point out that the number of coins produced is irrelevant, since individual coins are so divisible; the benefit of the 2.5 minute block time is debatable.
You should be aware that there are dozens of active cryptocurrencites.  You can see a pretty complete list at   Note how Bitcoin has a market cap in excess of 1 billion USD, compared to Litecoin's ~55 million USD.  The website lists Ripple as well, although it is less of a currency and more of a payment processor (it actually predates Bitcoin and is not secured by proof of work).  Also on the list are Namecoin, which uses the blockchain as a DNS server (from how I understand it--shaky on that one); PPCoin, which uses a hybrid proof of work and proof of stake security model; Novacoin, which is a clone of PPCoin but with the Scrypt algorithm; Feathercoin, which is a clone of Litecoin but offers 200 coins/block instead of 50; Primecoin, which uses primality tests to find large chains of prime numbers instead of a cryptographic hash function; and so on, and so forth.
This illustrates why many people are against all of the alternate currencies:  it is so easy to start a new chain that is just a clone of an old one, and most of the ~50 currencies listed on that page are crap.  Many coins are simple parameter changes and exist as a pump and dump scam.  Some of them explore interesting areas of this highly experimental field, though, and are worth keeping around, in my opinion.  
@_date: 2013-08-18 07:45:27
When you look on the Receive Coins tab of the main window there should be one or more addresses.  Each address is associated with a private key, but those keys are generally kept hidden since anyone who gains access to the private key owns the bitcoins in that address.  
If you want to find the private key for one of the address (for which there are relatively few reasons--why do you want to do this?) select the address and hit the "copy address" button.  
If you go to the console (help--&gt;debug window--&gt;console tab) and type "dumpprivkey " and then paste the address then it should give you the private key.  For example, if I type "dumpprivkey 1Aw8UU7Dqx9RweepuDdMkJQVtNNE7SrYqn" then it will give me the private key for the address 1Aw8UU.... (it will not give you the key to that address since your wallet doesn't know it, but it will give you the key to any address in your QT wallet).  
Note that if your wallet is encrypted (which it should be, with a strong passphrase that you won't forget) then you'll have to unlock it with walletpassphrase.  To unlock the wallet for 30 seconds you could use "walletpassphrase correcthorsebatterystaple 30".  If you omit the "30" then you should follow up with "walletlock" to re-encrypt the wallet and dump the private keys from memory.
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:33:10
Time discounting is irrelevant.  The claim is that the attacker mines more Bitcoins (than if they played nice), not any claim about the value of said Bitcoins based on when they are mined.  Over the long term the greedy miner will mine more bitcoins provided they are able to maintain their hash rate and aren't opposed by actions by the honest miners (e.g. intentional orphaning of greedy miners' blocks).
*All* that matters when evaluating the claim that a greedy miner will mine more bitcoins over the long run is what percentage of blocks get accepted for the greedy miner vs the honest miners. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:08:23
Yeah, April Fools and all, but seriously, SHA-2 is *already* O(1).  That just means that the time to compute it does not vary with anything (perhaps it varies slightly on the size of the message being hashed, but for Bitcoin that is always constant).
*And* it wouldn't allow forging of transactions, since even the ability to completely break SHA-2 wouldn't allow that.
Happy April Fools Day, everyone!
@_date: 2013-09-18 03:53:11
Any wallet can choose to spend inputs in any way it sees fit.  In the reference QT client there is an algorithm that chooses which inputs are going to be used based on a ranking of priority.  I know that older inputs are selected preferentially, and I think that size is also considered.  To the user it doesn't really make a difference most of the time.
Also, note that in a transaction with several inputs and several outputs it is inaccurate to say "output A got inputs 1, 2, and 3."  All of the inputs are marked as spent and the coins are pooled.  All of the outputs are then given bitcoins from that pool; if there aren't enough to go around then the whole transaction is rejected.  Any remaining bitcoins (or fractions thereof) are left for the miner to claim (or to ignore--miners are free to not claim any portion of the block reward, but I've only heard of this happening once and it was done just for the fun of it, back when the amount was almost nothing).
Finally, note that you never have to pay a transaction fee.  You can submit any transaction with zero fee and it will probably *eventually* get confirmed.  The time scale of "eventually" depends on how charitable the miners are feeling.  This is largely similar to trying to spend accumulated pocket change.  You can forfeit a percentage and get it counted by a machine ("Coinstar" near me) or you can go to the store and count change to a cashier for much longer than is generally polite.  
@_date: 2013-03-25 05:27:05
Then you have made an informed decision and I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors.
@_date: 2013-09-10 07:27:16
Well, an account 30 minutes old linked to a no-name website that quotes a low price for Bitcoin without offering any sources, and their only other post is obvious spam.  I guess I'm panic selling now!
@_date: 2013-04-01 06:02:31
I personally just use the QT client and its built-in encryption options, with a substantial passphrase (70+ characters).  I really think that is enough security for most applications, as it would require either a keylogger or the ability to get into Bitcoin's memory space in order to snatch the private keys.  
To defend against keyloggers there are virtual keyboards that ought to work.  
As for the issue of programs breaking into the Bitcoin memory space, I doubt it's a real threat if you practice good computer security with respect to viruses and the like.  If you are really paranoid you could only use the wallet from a live Linux USB drive or from within a virtual machine, but I think that that is getting too close to the point where you are a bigger danger to losing your coins through a mistake than the rest of the world is through malicious actions.
All of the discussion of Brain wallets, paper wallets, etc. is interesting, but it adds an extra level of complexity that 99% of people don't need.  Back up your encrypted wallet.dat in lots of locations (hard drives, CDs, email inboxes, dropbox, etc.) and don't use untrusted computers to access it.  Be aware that a wallet needs to be backed up periodically if you are sending coins (part of the transactions you send sends coins to a "change" wallet, which is a new address.  Bitcoin QT stores the next 100 change addresses, but after that you'll have to re-backup your wallet.dat).  If you want several wallets, that's fine, but this method ought to work for all of them (use substantially different passphrases for each, but don't forget your "storage" wallets' passphrases!)
I challenge anyone to describe an attack on a wallet protected in this way that would result in me losing my coins.
@_date: 2013-09-10 07:37:32
That is a market segment that is dominated by the private sector right now.  I know that Intuit has a whole suite of financial software, and their software processes a majority of the tax returns in the US.  They have their "Federal free edition" which computes simple federal tax returns, but for more advanced returns you may want to spring for a more advanced piece of software.
H&amp;R block and Microsoft both have cometing software IIRC, but I've never seen theirs (my mom used to work for Intuit so I was raised with that environment).  There's also always the option of hiring a tax professional.
It sucks that we have to pay money to know how much money we have to pay, but that's the current state of the market.  Making that software free would require government spending, which is really just dipping into our own pockets again (and it seems a step towards socialism, which is practically an expletive these days).  It's not really a good candidate for open source/crowd sourced solutions, either--it takes too much specialized work and a lot of centralized cooperation directly with the IRS.
@_date: 2013-04-05 20:08:24
 .7. You politely inform the officer that that was years ago and an innocent transaction.  (Or you let your lawyer tell him that, if you are of the school of thought that 
 .8. He goes on about his business, knowing that even if you *had* done anything illegal there, there is nowhere near enough evidence to convict.  This would be like seeing you buy something from a street vendor (but not actually seeing the product), then arresting the vendor years later for dealing drugs and trying to bring charges against you.  I really doubt a civilized society would let something like that fly.  If you are living under a more oppressive regime then more caution can be advisable.
Seriously, though, in the US at least the cop would have to way to bring anything against you, and at worst they would be looking for evidence against the person you bought the pizza from.  Bitcoin has the potential for anonymity, but that doesn't mean that every user needs to strive for full anonymity at all times.  A valid usage case would be to have an anonymous wallet and a vanity wallet--anyone using a vanity wallet while wanting to maintain their own anonymity for their own illegal acts is obviously foolish.
There is another valid concern for why one should not use vanity wallets, though, or reuse any wallet, for that matter.  When transactions are formed they only list the hash of the public key of the recipient, but they list (by necessity) the full public key of the sender.  As soon as an address has been used to send coins, anyone with a quantum computer can use Shor's algorithm to fairly quickly derive the private key and steal any remaining coins.  Shor's algorithm is insufficient to steal the coins from a hashed public key.  Anyone with a vanity address is pretty likely to want to continue using that address for a while.  That is all fine and dandy, until they go to spend the coins.  If they do not spend all of them then they run the risk of having the coins stolen once quantum computers become more of a reality.
@_date: 2013-11-05 20:42:00
Goggles won't save you on the moon....
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:52:51
If you're going for anonymity don't use MtGox.  They are, in terms of the paperwork they require, similar to a bank.  You wouldn't have anonymity transferring value using a bank wire either.
If you want to fully use the anonymity aspects of Bitcoin you have to stay entirely within the system.  Get bitcoins by selling things directly for bitcoin, by getting paid for work in bitcoin, or buying mining hardware and mining the coins yourself.  Use the coins directly to buy goods or services.  By operating in this way (as well as a few other safeguards) you can avoid nearly all traces that lead to you.  The infrastructure to allow this usage model is starting to come around.  The endgame that a lot of Bitcoin supporters are looking towards doesn't even have an exchange in the picture.
@_date: 2013-04-05 00:16:18
Precisely!  Bitcoin is *not* "digital gold."  It is more akin to "digital cash" where the issuing authority is decentralized.  As I understand it, it is quite possible (albeit quite unlikely) for Bitcoin to be hyperinflated (via huge bock rewards), provided it had the support of the majority of nodes (esp mining nodes).  This would be a hard fork, but hard forks are possible.  The only reason why it won't is because it is seen pretty widely as a bad idea. However, I can envision a scenario where such a fork could happen:
Say, some time in the future, the value of Bitcoin has leveled off.  The market adoption gets to the point where the total global volume of transactions on the block chain is such that the cumulative block rewards are not enough to convince a lot of people to mine--electricity costs are too high.  The community starts to notice that the hash rate is getting dangerously low.  To compensate, the developers, miners, and some large stakeholders get together and meet and decide that reworking the block generation reward is the least of the evils--a slight devaluation from inflation beats a near complete devaluation due to a 51% attack.  Now, it would be better if everyone just included a higher transaction fee with their transactions, and the miners could have the ability to enforce that by just ignoring low fee transactions, but we're imagining dystopian worlds here.
While I'm on the topic, I am also wondering what happens if the mining community decides that the reward should be increased.  As I understand it, if over 50% of the mining community decides to change the block reward and starts mining towards that end, a hard fork has effectively happened.  Other miners could reject those blocks, but if mining gets sufficiently centralized then the central miners could 51% the legitimate (non-inflationary) chain while still securing their inflationary chain.  For the next many years I don't foresee this as being a problem if for no other reason than because the people who use and mine Bitcoin are so strongly against the idea, but what happens in 50 years if Bticoin is still around and the mining is done by large Bitcoin financial institutions?  I'm sure that a large corporation or collection of several working together would happily make a change like that which would give them more money, if they think they can get away with it.  Is there anything that prevents such a move?  Would this just split the blockchain into an inflationary one that users reject and a non-inflationary one that miners reject and refuse to secure (with small time miners backing the one that they believe in)?
@_date: 2013-11-20 22:48:53
I'm personally a fan of the QT client, but I'm probably in the minority there.
I would advise staying away from online wallets like Coinbase, at least for storing the bulk of your stash.  Some are certainly better than others, but in general they tend to be less secure--you open yourself up to phishing attacks at the bare minimum, and also have to worry about what happens if the wallet provider goes out of business.  Many allow you to keep a copy of your private keys (and many allow you to keep the *only* copy of your private keys) which addresses most security risks, but some are not as low-risk.  Better safe than sorry.
As for standalone wallets, Electrum seems to be the favorite wallet for people just getting started--it is a "light" wallet that doesn't have to hold a copy of the entire blockchain.  This makes starting it up a lot easier.  The other particularly popular standalone wallet is Armory.  It's built on top of the QT client and adds a good number of features.
Also, as a side note, don't bother putting your address here.  Begging--even as simple as providing an address--is *strongly* frowned upon on Reddit.  If someone wants to send you some BTC they can always use the tip bot, which doesn't require knowing your address. 
@_date: 2013-09-27 05:05:29
Anyone who says that something has a 0% chance of failure is either deluded or trying to sell you something.
Cryptocurrencies are very likely going to play a part in the future, but Bitcoin is still a relatively small fish in the sea.  There are many individuals, institutions, and nations that could cripple Bitcoin, and several that could destroy it outright, if they so chose.  Even if they don't, Bitcoin will only survive until something better comes along.  It would be an act of hubris to think that nothing better than Bitcoin will ever be invented--even Bitcoin has its drawbacks.
Bitcoin has a virtually 100% chance of failure.  The real question is when.  I, for one, don't think the end will be in the next decade.  I hope it won't be in my lifetime.  But it *will* fail eventually.  
@_date: 2013-03-21 23:25:45
The recent fork due to block size is a great example of a lot of what would go on in this type of a scenario.  In the end, I think the TL;DR would be "Bitcoin users shaken up and briefly affected; return to status quo not long after re-establishment of global internet."
The important thing to note here is that transactions are just data--information.  To make a transaction to someone else, you generate some information (based on your private key and their public one) and release it for anyone and everyone to see.  Once that information is released to your network, there is nothing you can do to bring it back.  The real danger is to try to double spend coins--you generate and release the data for two separate transactions that both involve spending the same coins.  That is why the block chain is important.  Only one of the transactions from a double spending attack can make it into any given block chain.  While the internet is segmented, it could be possible to publish transactions to different islands that spend the same transactions and try to get goods for both of them; however, this would be very hard since many services would shut down and refuse to accept coins while the internet is segmented--at least for goods that are not easily taken back, or for cases where it is easy to find the buyer (e.g. through security camera footage).
When the internet is returned to a single entity, there would be several block chains competing for superiority, each with a subset of the transactions.  Fairly quickly, the longest one would take over as the master chain--miners on shorter chains trying to make their chain longer would essentially be gambling their mining time on the improbable outcome that they would make the shorter chain become the longest chain.  For any disruption of the internet that is significant (i.e. at *least* a few hours) it is incredibly unlikely that the top two chains are within a few percent of the same speed, and it is most likely that everyone will immediately just recognize the superiority of the longer chain.  I believe the most common clients and miners do this automatically.  At that point the blocks mined on other chains would immediately become invalid and thus orphaned.  Any mined income in those chains would be lost, and if that income had been spent then every transaction that depends on mined income from that period would become invalid.  Only the uninformed or foolish would accept such a transaction during this period, though.
Once the longest chain is accepted, the process of reconciling all of the transactions must occur.  At present, the Bitcoin protocol has a limit to the number of transactions that can be processed per block.  When then internet is made whole again, there would be a lot of transactions that are not yet included in the longest chain.  These would be added to the blockchain as fast as possible (likely prioritized by transaction fee).  Everyone who used Bitcoin honestly during the outage would just see a delay in the confirmation until after the blockchain catches up.  Attempted double-spends would be resolved to a single spending of the coins; it would be up to merchants to protect against this during the outage and to prosecute the criminals according to appropriate theft laws.  People who mined on one of the smaller chains would lose any rewards from that mining.  All in all, not nearly as huge of a deal as the segmentation of the internet in the first place.  Also, even a trickle of internet from island to island would be enough to keep the blockchain in (relative) sync (i.e. only orphaning chains of a handful of blocks).
One interesting effect of a prolonged outage, however, is the difficulty.  A weakness of the method used to determine difficulty is that it does not work very well if there is a sudden drop of hashing power (e.g. losing North America).  During this time, blocks would be produced much more slowly than 1 per 10 minutes.  If a difficulty adjustment were to happen while the internet is segmented, it could greatly reduce the difficulty.  When the internet is re-unified, the hashing power would likely greatly outpace the difficulty, so blocks would be quickly created.  If anything, I think this would be a good thing, since it discourages production of blocks during the crisis in exchange for "catching up" once it is over.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:54:57
I don't think BTC Guild ever actually had to throttle itself.  They pledged to do so if necessary but I don't think they actually hit the point where it was deemed necessary.  People dropped out of the pool of their own accord (largely from the bitcoin talk formus more so than Reddit, much less a single redditor).
@_date: 2013-08-24 00:24:01
Whether or not it is an attack on the chain is a matter of perspecitve.  It would have to be carried out just like a traditional Denial of Service 51% attack so I see no reason to classify it as being different.  The only differences are that they only deny *some* transactions and they do so in order to gain profit, not to destroy the system.  At its core, though, it's a 51% attack through and through.
@_date: 2013-03-30 07:08:46


Ripple predates Bitcoin?  That's shocking to me, but even still that does not bode well for the sytstem.  Bitcoin is having a slow start yet it has much greater market penetration.  For a social networking based currency, market penetration is crucial--even more so than for a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin.  The main page of Ripple's wiki lists ~10k pageviews... total.


Actual data is the ultimate test to any theory.  If you have had a positive experience then I will mark that as a positive "tick" in the pro column.  I'm still skeptical, but I will take your testimony into account.  I'm still uneasy about the idea of having to collect a debt from a friend when neither he nor I initiated the debt, except by extending credit limits.  In the long chain example at the end of my post, what happens if the BTC seller wants to collect from his friend?  If there is not much of a network built between the two of us then he is initiating a long series of debt collections, all the way back to me paying my friend.  I'm sure that a large and interconnected enough network will mitigate this, but I don't like the idea of relying on debt.




That is fair.  I wrote that section to draw comparisons between what the readers of this sub, in general, know and what they are looking to learn about.  Perhaps a better wording is "What is Ripple, explained in terms that compare it to Bitcoin" or something to that effect.


Perhaps "backed" was the wrong word to choose.  I was looking for what secures the network, which I have since read into--the consensus system.  I'll accept that it is reasonably (i.e. usably) secure, while not being as secure as the bitcoin network is.


Ok.  Let's go down this rabbit hole--I'm honestly curious and I want to learn.  What would I have to do in order to buy bitcoin from you?  I'm sure there are steps of downloading and setting up the client.  Also, I'm understand that I'll have to get some XRP in order to start transacting.  That's all fine and dandy--there are plenty of people who seem wiling to hand out XRP and I can install a client no sweat.  What next?  I know (i.e. trust) nobody who uses Ripple.  In order to get a gateway to trust me I should have to provide identification (or else the gateway will get screwed when a scammer takes out credit and runs--or is there a third option here that I'm unaware of?).  At this point, if I've given a gateway my information (I choose bitstamp, for example), what is to prevent me from just buying BTC directly there?  Perhaps the example works better for a commodity other than BTC, but that was the topic of the OP and I'm curious to see a justification for why I should use Ripple.
I'll close by making you the same offer I made Sell me on Ripple.  When I first heard of BTC I was incredibly skeptical about this stupid obvious scam of fake money; I now happily hold some of my money in BTC because people sold me on the idea.  Right now I see no way to trust enough of the right people to make Ripple attractive, and I don't like the implications that using Ripple could have in terms of debts incurred due to 3rd parties' actions.
@_date: 2013-04-01 06:12:15
The key distinction here is between the balance for an address and for a person.  The bitcoin system works because the system always knows the full and exact balance for any address, accurate as of the last time a block was generated (i.e. mined).  Any given service, such as blockchain.info, may have several seconds of delay between a transaction being published and it being included on that website, but that is not really the issue at hand.
One can quickly and easily show the balance of an address.  For example, 1A1zP1eP5QGefi2DMPTfTL5SLmv7DivfNa (the first ever bitcoin address, assumed to belong to Satoshi himself, but likely long since lost) has a balance of 62.00418853.  However, that doesn't reflect the amount of BTC that Satoshi has (I would be shocked and appalled if it is that low).  He may have a wallet with dozens or hundreds of addresses, each with its own balance.
I believe that is the point that was being made--you can only check the balance of one address at a time using blockchain.info.  If your wallet has several addresses in it then the balance of one address may be less than the balance of the wallet as a whole.
**TL;DR** Wallet =/= address (i.e. public key).  A wallet has one or more public/private keys.
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:49:56
WHY ARE PEOPLE USING EOBOT?!?! (Are they actually a reasonable pool?)
With that out of the way, $67 each is a decent deal (where are you buying from?).  At current difficulty you could expect to get about a $.46 return per day, minus pool fees.  That's a roughly 5 month time for a return on investment *if difficulty doesn't continue shooting through the roof.*  You can probably add *at least* a few months to that time, and bear in mind that you have to deal with hardware failures, outages, etc., all just to *get back where you started*.
I'm not going to guarantee that there will be better options in the near future, but I'm personally holding off for lower prices.
@_date: 2013-09-10 10:42:17
Other than the obvious option (he takes your $1100 and leaves you in a ditch) I would rate the odds that you get the 1100 and/or the BTC as approximately zero.
It could be that there is a hold on the account.  It could be that he has some way to recover the password (email, 2FA, guy with a camera watching as you type in the new password).  It could be that the account doesn't even exist (he could have set up a page on a local network to make it look like mtgox and he's hoping you won't check appropriate security details to realize it--this could even be a vector for phishing the password, provided you don't have https enabled).  It's also possible that the account is stolen, but that raises the question of why he doesn't just buy BTC, withdraw them, then mix them elsewhere--perhaps the account is frozen.  You almost certainly won't be able to withdraw to an arbitrary bank account, as I'm sure that the account (if it exists) is tied to someone else's account (perhaps his, perhaps a 3rd party's).
There's also some non-zero chance that he's actually telling the truth.  That said, though, there's some non-zero chance that I'm mecha-hitler-zombie-santa and just haven't realized it yet. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:48:15
"Deflation is bad" is a pretty broad generalization.  Yes, deflation has its issues--it discourages spending, tends to stagnate an economy, and makes the real value of a debt increase over time--but inflation is *also* bad--it harms the store of value property of money and has *major* issues when there's a central authority that can and will hyperinflate the currency.  The real goal for a currency is stability.
The USD, GBP, EUR, etc. are all relatively stable, but sit on the inflationary side.  Bitcoin is too young to be stable yet, but will be on the deflationary side (aside:  Bitcoin is actually *inflationary* right now--150 Bitcoins are "printed" each hour).  The relative strengths and weaknesses of Bitcoin and fiat currencies mean that they can coexist and be used for different purposes--someone looking for a store of value can turn to Bitcoin, while someone taking out a loan would be likely to go with fiat.
@_date: 2013-09-27 16:45:43
In a dystopian future, every "patriotic" website gets its charter from the government and registers their IP address with them.  Internet providers are only permitted to transmit internet traffic between individuals and legal website hosts.  If one party of the transmission is not a registered patriot then the traffic is clearly subversive and is blocked.
We have a *lot* of freedom on the internet right now.  I hope it stays that way, but the governments of the world could feasibly change that (albeit perhaps not without causing revolutions). 
@_date: 2013-09-17 15:17:46
The block size limit is 1MB currently, IIRC.  Having a single large block isn't enough to get me quaking in my boots yet.  I'll be worried when the average block size starts getting up in the 8-900s.
As for scalability, there is a long and in-depth wiki article on [exactly that topic](
@_date: 2013-08-17 00:05:36
I haven't used any mobile wallets, so I can't advise there.
Mobile wallets do not store the whole block chain, so you don't have to worry there.  
You should be able to import private keys, although this has its pros and cons.  It could be more convenient, as it would more-or-less sync the two wallets, but be aware that the QT client sends "change" transactions to new addresses which would have to be synced manually (mobile wallets likely do the same).  Also, if your phone gets stolen and has all of your private keys then you've lost all of your Bitcoins.  Probably best to just send some BTC from your QT client to the mobile one, like carrying around only a limited amount of cash.
@_date: 2013-10-06 05:35:35
I've found it much better to have discussions on Reddit than any other site I've used--*especially* the Bitcoin Talk forums.  The branching tree structure of comment threads allows me to reply to the exact person I want instead of just sorting all comments by how new they are, and since it's obvious exactly who was being replied to they can get a notification that the conversation has taken a step forward.
Also, its nice that the up/down vote system lets you customize your viewing to favor either the good comments, the newest comments, or controversial.
I'm not saying that we should use exclusively, but I do think it's a whole lot better of a design than most Forums.  If we are to have a new Bitcoin forum then I hope we get something that has a better design than throwing dozens of threads on the screen where any thread can be bumped to the top by a worthless comment, and where discussion threads are restricted to being ordered by the order in which comments are posted. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 12:24:50
I sincerely hope you're trolling.
That attitude is one that drives people away from Bitcoin.  When you jump to ad hominem attacks at the slightest disagreement you sound like a fanatical madman, thus discrediting the support you give for Bitcoin.
If you'd like to disagree with my points then you have my blessing to do so.  If you'd like to discuss the relative merits of our respective arguments then I'd be happy to enter into civil debate.  If calling me stupid and suggesting that I can't (or at least don't) read makes you feel better then have at it--doesn't bother me!  But I would request that you take a different attitude when representing Bitcoin to others.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:27:10
Ah, yes, the anti-state circlejerk all too prevalent in Last time you went to a restaurant did you sign a contract?  Did you eat food?  Were you obligated to pay?  I'm going to bet the answers are no, yes, yes.  You can enter into a morally binding contract without scribbling your name on a piece of paper.
Similarly, did you drive on roads?  Will the fire department come put out a fire at your home if it catches fire (and will you call 911/999/equivalent in that event)?  Did you go to a public school?  Unless you've made every effort to avoid personally benefiting from the multitude of services that the government is selling then I'm going to have to insist that you knowingly and willingly entered into an arrangement whereby the government gives you various services and you give them money.
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:42:08


I've seen a lot of worry about a *pool* hitting over 50% of the global hash rate, and I just don't see it as a big issue.  There are enough good pools out there that there's no reason why we shouldn't avoid the situation, but I don't see the owner of a pool of 50%+ of the hashing power as a potential attacker.  This goes beyond social pressures and personal beliefs of large pool owners (e.g. they stand to gain more from playing nice); I don't think they could even pull off a 51% attack of any real danger.
What this all comes down to is the fact that the pool operator doesn't actually control the hashing hardware--he just directs them in how to mine.  There is nothing preventing the operator from sending attack work to his pool, but a 51% attack would be noticed quickly by the community--just look at how quickly the recent fork was dealt with--and the pool's hash rate would quickly evaporate.  Most 51% attacks are only effective as long as they are being executed, so one could expect that the *best* that a pool operator (or alliance of several) could do is to pull off the attack for a few hours, probably when it is night in North America, since that's when most of the BTC users sleep.  During that time the attacker could do things like trying to double spend (which only hurts the merchants who are willing to accept the transactions; probably not a huge system-wide danger and they would be caught in almost all scenarios) or denying all transactions from everyone (or certain addresses), which just slows down confirmations.  They could try something like a time warp, but that type of attack is only useful if you can continuously control 51%.
The point here is that while they *could* pull off a 51% attack, they would quickly be shut down as miners drop out of the pool.  Most of the theoretical 51% attacks have no effect once the system-wide majority is lost.  This is in addition to the social pressures--it is a bad idea to mess with the money of many thousands of people when your identity is well known (as all major pool operators are, as far as I am aware).  I'm not saying that we should let BTC Guild build its power up to be over 50%; I just don't want to see panic if they do reach that high.
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:14:30
The implicit trust that I refer to comes down to the fact that if the person I trust trusts someone untrustworth, that could affect their ability to pay me.
For example:  say I trust a coworker up to a given amount.  That coworker then goes and trusts their son, who goes and gets caught up in some bad stuff (say, a gang, for the sake of argument).  My coworker trusts his son to a great deal.  The son goes and gets paid for a hit job (probably something more mundane, but let's keep this exciting!) via ripple.  The person who pays winds up sending IOUs down the line, eventually ending with the son.  He takes the money and runs.  At this point, my coworker owes me the full credit limit that I extended, potentially more than I really wanted to allow (i.e. I extended a foolish amount of credit).
Now, the obvious solution to this is, well, obvious:  Don't extend too much credit to people.  However, my point is that if professional bankers who make it their career to extend the right amount of credit to people can't figure it out, how good will the average person do?  I'm probably being overly paranoid (welcome to but I like to have full control over my debts.  Ripple, by its design, requires that people settle for only having control over the sum total of their debts (unless they just refuse any credit to anyone, which is hardly "using Ripple," by my understanding).
@_date: 2013-08-21 08:46:58
VM wouldn't help against a keylogger but it could help against some forms of malware.
In the end, the only way to be *completely* secure is to write your own client (or verify another one line by line), to run it on a system you designed, to chose your wallet by fair dice roll, etc, etc.  With each added level of security it is always possible to imagine some next level of threat that could cause you to lose the Bitcoins you're trying to protect.  You have to just say "good enough" at some point and go on with your life.  Each person should tailor their layers of security to their personal situation; for my situation I am comfortable with improbability that someone might have a keylogger on my system *and* a copy of my wallet.
@_date: 2013-09-27 06:15:29


@_date: 2013-11-01 03:27:37
Day -N to 0: talk about how Bitcoin has to be a scam and could never work based on a lack of understanding.  
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:15:12
Essentially, yes, although don't expect a flood of coins.  Begging is looked poorly upon in this subreddit.  If Adam has Bob's address, then Adam can send Bob bitcoins.  Once sent, only Bob (or anyone else who has bob's private key, which is hidden in the wallet file) can send them.  
These private keys are what give you ownership of the coins.  If they are copied then anyone with a copy could spend your coins (or send them to another address that only they own).  Think of losing private keys like having someone copy down all of the data from your credit card.  They can then go and spend all of your money, even though you still have the original card.  
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:29:45
If the difficulty goes up consistently (i.e. blocks are produced faster than 1 per 10 minutes) then reward halving will occur sooner.  Stated simply, reward halving happens at a certain block, not a certain time.
Keeping the difficulty on a sharp rise like this is not maintainable, though.  It requires an exponential increase in hashing power, which we have seen for some months, but ultimately we will fall to a roughly linear rise as the market gets saturated and mining returns for ASICs levels off.  We will likely see an exponential rise ultimately, thanks to Moore's law, but that will be a *much* slower curve.
@_date: 2013-04-07 02:00:43
Eh, I suppose that is a fair point about mining, but mining in general is getting more and more specialized.  People actually wanting to get into a cryptocurrency (with any real amount of money) are more likely to just buy it, IMHO.
As to the ways to increase the divisibility, it is not currently planned because it is nowhere near needed.  It isn't even a substantial change, either, but it takes a lot of work to make the change in the first place since it requires a hard fork--everyone would have to update their software.  When/if 1 Satoshi gets to around .01 cent (That's .0001 dollars, Verizon) I bet it'll start coming up, if it hasn't been changed by a hard fork before then.  There's a whole list of things that would be kinda nice to have in Bitcoin but would take a hard fork that are just waiting until such a fork is needed--see 
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:24:09
50% is the magic number because as soon as you hit that point your chain will, in the long run, win.  Attacks like a double spend get easier as your hash rate percentage increases, but at over 50% they always work if you wait long enough.
Transaction blocking and time warp attacks cannot be expected to work at all if you control less than half the network--they require the attack chain to be the longest for the duration of the attack.  (this makes them poorly suited to a pool based attack since pool members would just drop out).
@_date: 2013-06-02 11:18:43
I doubt that it will ever get to the point where it isn't profitable (over a reasonably long time period--a year or so) to mine, especially if you have free electricity.  *Someone* pays for mining rigs that are profitable--the big miners aren't mining for fun.  You may not be able to be *as* profitable as the large scale operations, but as long as someone is selling ASIC based hardware it should be profitable for a long while to come.  
If you can afford an ASIC and have a reasonable expectation that it will actually be delivered in a reaonable time span then it will probably be profitable until manufacturing techniques render it obsolete.  Unlike CPU, GPU, and FPGA mining there is no great leap forward that can kill the profitability of an ASIC--it is already the top of the hierarchy. The greatest threat is just a *better* ASIC.
BFL offers some pretty darn impressive numbers, which have largely been met and often exceeded in practice.  Unfortunately, the one number that they consistently exceed is "2 weeks." 
@_date: 2013-08-23 17:07:43
Money is a great thing to have in an economy, since the alternative is barter--I can trade my goats for your bread and we can both walk away satisfied, but finding trades are progressively harder in a more and more advanced society.  For example, I have the knowledge to engineer aircraft, perhaps you have the ability to run a business; there's not really a good trade we can come to.
Thus, we need some medium of exchange--a currency.  We could select anything as this currency, but there are several characteristics that make some choices better than others.  For example, currency should be scarce in order to hold value.  It should be durable.  Each unit of currency should be recognizable and indistinguishable from other units of currency.  Is should be easy to store and spend.  It should hold its value over time.
At first we used things as currency, like gold and silver.  These things worked pretty well as money for a long time.  Gold is heavy, though, so eventually people started issuing paper that was just a receipt for money, and people started to accept this.  Later, the governments of the world realized that they could take the control of their own national currencies (and, in turn, gain more control of their people) by pulling the backing of their currencies.  This has its pros and its cons, but the consensus here is that most of the pros are for the government and the cons for their people (other economic theories disagree, but that's another discussion).
Finally, out of all of that, the people realized that he who controls the currency has a little too much power.  There is too much trust required in a system that has proved unworthy of trusting.  Rather than having a single private entity issuing and controlling a currency it was decided that the currency should be controlled by an enormous collection of individuals--anyone can chip in to the controlling of the currency.  This splits up the control enough to largely prevent corruption--everyone has to agree on a new change to the system.
**Implementation of Bitcoin**
So how does Bitcoin work?  At its heart is the blockchain.  All the blockchain is is a list of transactions between named accounts.  These accounts are called addresses, and look something like 1Aw8UU7Dqx9RweepuDdMkJQVtNNE7SrYqn.  I control that address, and if you want to see how many bitcoins are stored in that address, you can look it up [here]( (I would use blockchain.info but it's giving me errors right now).  If you want to know how much money an address has it's as simple as adding up all of the "ins" minus all of the "outs."  Simple arithmetic.  This public ledger is stored in countless copies worldwide.  I have a complete copy of the ledger as of now, as will anyone who runs a full network node.  Several years of transactions currently comes to several GB, and there are ways to keep that number down.
That doesn't address every issue, though.  With the technology behind addresses (see: Elliptic Curve Cryptography) the owner of an account can arbitrarily generate transactions of any amount to any person and request that they be added to the ledger.  Invalid transactions can quickly and easily be rejected--transactions that spend more than the account has, for example.  However, a problem arises when someone generates two transactions that are each individually valid but which cannot both be valid (e.g. "I give all of my BTC to you" and "I give all of my BTC to Bob").  At this point we have to decide and agree upon which of those transactions gets accepted and which gets rejected.  This is where the "miners" come in; "mining" is a really bad term for what they do, in my opinion.
The general idea is that the public ledger--the blockchain--is composed of individual collections of transactions.  These blocks are required to only have valid, non-conflicting transactions, so only one of the two aforementioned transactions could be included.  The other feature of blocks is that it is really hard to formulate a valid one.  That's what the miners are trying to do--find a valid formulation for a block.  This involves a huge amount of guess and check work, called hashing.  Finding blocks is made to be really hard so that an attacker can't effectively come in and flood the network with their own version of the blockchain and thereby reverse a transaction (this "double spending" attack generally takes the form of: "I send BTC to you and get goods.  You accept the transaction, then I go home and release a pre-computed chain of blocks that includes a conflicting transaction of those same BTC from me to me").  Since adding a block takes a huge amount of computational power it is economically unfeasible for an attacker to create a multimillion dollar supercomputing cluster just to screw someone out of some BTC for a small transaction.
Mining also serves another purpose:  the issuing of new coins.  A ledger showing how transactions shift between accounts is useless if nobody has any money to shift around.  Thus, each time a block is formed (about every 10 minutes; the network adjusts when extra computing power is added to keep that number fairly constant) the person who finds the block gets rewarded with some new coins.  At first it was 50 BTC per block, but now it's dropped to 25 BTC.  It will continue halving about every 4 years until eventually a total of 21 million BTC are issued (we won't finish until 2140 by current predictions, but we're already over half way there and we'll be over 3/4 of the way there in about 2016).  This predetermined inflation is one of the strengths of Bitcoin--nobody can arbitrarily print billions of BTC and crash the value of BTC.
**The client**
So how do you get and use BTC?  Getting BTC is about like you would suspect--you buy them, like anything else.  Coinbase seems to be the crowd favorite exchange to buy BTC from right now.  You send them USD and they send you BTC.  You could also mine BTC and try to obtain the currency in that way, but mining is incredibly competitive and really requires special hardware these days.  It's hard to mine and actually make a profit.
As for using BTC, that all comes down to the client.  I personally like the reference "QT" client, which downloads the whole blockchain and adds another bit of redundancy to the network, but there are many other options, including small, lightweight clients for smartphones.  Clients handle all of the complicated protocol and gives you a pretty intuitive interface to using and securing your Bitcoins.  They allow you to arbitrarily create addresses, and allow you to spend coins from any address you control.
**So why all the hype?**
Bitcoin really addresses just about every property of money better than any currency ever has.  It is easily portable, guaranteed scarce, secure, pseudonymous (you can protect your identity by not associating your name with an address you control), durable, and divisible (to eight decimal places!).  Bitcoins are easily recognizable, and no Bitcoin is different from any other.  Add in the fact that Bitcoin gives the tools to secure one's wealth better than any Bank can, with minimal trust, and the fact that a merchant can accept Bitcoins without worry of a chargeback fraud (essentially the same as the double spending attack described above) and you have a monetary system that is excellently poised to be a payment processor of the future--the next credit card/paypal type of technology.  Some even believe that Bitcoin will be adopted as a national currency at some point, but I don't think that'll happen for a *long* time--too many people with too much power would have to give it up.
I hope this cleared up some of your questions about Bitcoin.  There are many more facets to explore within the protocol, but this should give you a good idea.  If you want clarification or more information on any subject don't hesitate to ask!
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:44:35
I seem to recall hearing that over $10,000 they *have* to report the transaction, or something to that effect.  I'm sure they can voluntarily report less than that if they choose (e.g. ten $9,999.99 deposits would certainly raise suspicion). 
I'm not a professional nor an expert, though, so take my shaky memory with a healthy grain of salt. 
Edit: in another comment someone suggested the limit is $600.  That could very well be more accurate.  Moral of the story:  only choose not to pay taxes if you want to take on the IRS, in which case good luck--you're going to need it!
@_date: 2013-09-16 07:58:18
You are aware of the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City, New York on September 11, 2001, right?  
The transaction you listed is just the most recent transaction to go to that address, which wasn't even the first address.  The first address was for block number 0.  The transactions to the address in block 0 can be seen [here](  Note that this address is likely not spendable since it was formed by taking the hash of a newpaper headline of that day, not a normal key generation algorithm.
It would appear that the originator of the transaction send it to multiple outputs, all of which are likely commonly known addresses.  For example, the brain wallet for the phrase "correct horse battery staple" (from an xkcd comic) was on the list; there is currently a transaction war to try to claim some of the coins from that address.
@_date: 2013-04-07 10:03:50
You absolutely can invest in mining corporations, although some would argue that it is against the spirit of a *distributed peer-to-peer* currency.
Off the top of my head I can think of a couple examples, such as ASIC Miner and Pyramining.  The former is a more traditional business where people can invest to get a percentage of their mining profits; I would not suggest investing with them for a little while, just so that the hash rate situation can settle down:  depending on the deployment schedule of Avalon and BFL they are in a position to have *WAY* too much hashing power soon.  Once that settles down, though, I'm not even sure how to invest with them, but I bet Google can find out!
For Pyramining you just send coins and the guy who runs the system sends back 110% that many coins when the hardware you've sponsored pays them back (this is an oversimplification of a complicated setup).  Right now his investment returns look really terrible, since he's using FPGAs exclusively while ASICs inflate the difficulty.  That should change soon as he deploys his own ASICs, which ought to come online in the next couple months (he has been pushing back the date BFL style, but I think he'll do a bit better--he certainly has better PR). To get a Pyramining account you need a referral link (referrals are what give pyramining its name--getting referrals gives an additional reward in a pyramid scheme esque way, but the base 10% return is never lost and it's not actually a pyramid scheme since the lower levels never pay the upper levels.  All returns come from mining).  If you want to check out Pyramining you are welcome to one of my links: 
Other than those two examples--and I make no claim that they are the best; they are only an "existence proof"--I would suggest looking for the term "mining bond."  It seems to be the most liquid way of investing in a mining corporation, and some seem to offer decent returns from what I've heard.  
@_date: 2013-07-26 01:36:57
Pretty much, yeah.  I had the idea a year or two ago around the time that Litecoin was starting up as a GPU resistant coin thanks to Scrypt, that one could take the opposite approach and make the proof of work algorithm be CPU friendly instead; if this instruction set had been implemented at that time then SHA 256 would have fit that bill.
It was then pointed out that if such an algorithm was used then it would be relatively straightforward to just take the implementation from the CPU and copy/paste it a few dozen/hundred times onto a dedicated circuit.  A CPU friendly algorithm is--almost by definition--an ASIC friendly algorithm.
Note, also, that CPU mined coins are not necessarily a good thing.  If a CPU-only coin becomes successful then the botnets can jump on board and kill (or harm) it, either by 51% attacks or by just crashing the markets.  It is ideal for the security model of Bitcoin that people must destroy resources to mine the coin, because that means that to attack it you must destroy as much as everyone else put together.  If you can use resources you already have then it weakens the security model. 
@_date: 2013-05-31 21:31:56
You are correct that for 2015 of the 2016 blocks the difficulty must be exactly what the previous block stated.  For the 2016th block they just look at that block's timestamp and the timestamp of the block 2016 ago to find time.  Then the calculation is something like:
New difficulty = old difficulty * (2 weeks / time since last adjustment)
That is an oversimplification, but there is an explicit calculation that is done that doesn't really leave room for fudge factor.  There may be some fudge room in the final digits of the calculation in case different processors round differently, but I'm pretty sure that they are all consistent enough across manufacturers that everyone would calculate the same exact difficulty.  Any client should produce the same difficulty given the same time of the 2016th block.
There is a bit of fudge factor in the timestamp of the 2016th block, though.  Many miners don't update the time continuously, for the sake of efficiency.  The timestamp is likely to be off by several seconds, compared with the actual time that the block was mined.  In the end it doesn't make a difference, but there is a touch of "fudge" going on here.
@_date: 2013-04-07 11:02:31
First, a point of semantics:  Merge mining and alternative cryptocurrencies are separate concepts; the post does not necessarily make that distinction clear.  LTC and PPCoin are just alternative cryptocurrencies; Namecoin is a merge mined cryptocurrency--someone mining BTC can mine NMC with only a minor amount of extra work, thus allowing the NMC network to get all of the security of the Bitcoin network without having to take that security away from BTC.
With that out of the way, it is important to look at why the alternate currencies spring up.  Bitcoin was the first proof of work based decentralized P2P pseudonymous currency, so it got "first dibs" on market share; however, as the first it is most likely to have some inadequacy that can be fixed by another currency--it is, after all, an *experimental* currency.  Thus, when someone thinks they have found a better way of doing things they come out with a different coin; most of the alternative coins can be described as "It's just Bitcoin except for these few reasons: ..."  When a new currency pops up it has no value.  At that point it would be like asking "Will the existence of rock devalue Gold?"  The real key to the competitiveness of an alt-coin is how it improves on Bitcoin.  Something that is literally just a clone of Bitcoin would not see adoption since Bitcoin is already filling that role.
I do think that it is worth looking at what the differences are that people have used for their alternative currencies.  The most successful currency--Litecoin--is just a change of the hashing algorithm to make it ASIC and FPGA resistant (and GPU resistant, originally, but that didn't really pan out) and a change in block times.  I suspect that most of the success of LTC came from people wishing that it was still 2011 and that GPU mining could take off again, while being jealous of those with FPGAs (or ASICs, but they weren't on the scene yet).  From that user base grew a market for actual goods and services in LTC, based on a desire for that cash flow from mining to actually continue.  I think LTC is really overvalued right now, but it makes my mining more profitable so I'll keep mining it.  Another alternative coin that has been successful in other ways is Namecoin; it is merge mined with Bitcoin but it doesn't try to act primarily as a currency.  Instead it looks to form a p2p DNS system.  The combination of those things mean that it is strong enough to prevent a 51% attack in its infancy and useful enough to still be around.
To answer your original question, competing currencies can absolutely devalue Bitcoin, but they do not do this by merely existing.  The near infinite divisibility of Bitcoin means that there will not be a demand for competing currencies just because we have "run out" of BTC.  For a competing currency to effectively compete it must improve on the Bitcoin model by some significant way.  When you look at the actual act of a currency being devalued, it involves people with BTC wanting to exchange it for the other currency (or people with fiat preferring to exchange it for the competing cryptocurrency instead of for BTC).  If the alt-coin is not more attractive than BTC then such a desire will not exist and the coin will fail, as many, many have.  I see a very real possibility of death-by-alt-coin being the end-game for Bitcoin (it is one of several probable end-games).  As for the effect of other cryptocoins on the value of Bitcoin, I'm not really worried.  The combined market cap of all of the major alt coins is only about 5% of the supply of BTC; that's a negligible amount of "inflation" for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:11:17


People don't understand how money "works," at a sufficiently detailed level.  All they need to know is that if they accept dollars for their work at their job they can then go and use those dollars to pay their rent, buy goods, etc.  Once could argue that not even the people who control the money understand fully how it works--it's just too complicated.  The key here is trust.  There is so much experience with fiat that there is a trust that it will not hyperinflate (this trust is neither absolute nor universal nor (arguably) justified).
Bitcoin is the polar opposite to that.  The entirety of the bitcoin protocol could be written, explained, and justified in a book no larger than a high school math textbook.  Compared to fiat it is downright simple!  ... but it has to be.  There is not that daily experience with bitcoin for newcomers.  For them to build the trust that is necessary for them to start to accept bitcoins as a currency they have to understand a good portion of the system.  For someone who understands the system (i.e. a bitcoin veteran) it is clear that the system has great potential, but to the uninformed it is hard to get past the view that it is just worthless "farmville money."  After all, even though fiat is only paper, Bitcoin is nothing more than a number on the screen! (to the uninformed)
So for the time being, yes, it is important for a newcomer to understand the system.  Until Bitcoin is a household word and until we see several percent of merchants accepting bitcoin we will have to educate newcomers, one by one.
@_date: 2013-12-01 09:17:39
QRDroid on my phone got both of them.  I'm honestly impressed. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:14:43
I, too, think it will be interesting.  This wouldn't be the first time a pool hits 51%, even if it does make it that high.  I wish I could remember the pool that got 51% last time but it's been ages.
Bitcoin is in its infancy, or at least its toddlerhood.  If something like this is going to happen I want it to happen now.  I honestly think that the currency would have an immediate crash followed by a recovery to a higher value once people start to realize how robust the system is even in this type of a failure mode--not even a 51% attacker can steal *your* coins.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:44:11
Except that they've only put in physically x1 slots, from the looks of it--you *have* to use extension cables and your data rate to the card will be terrible.  Not really useful for multi-GPU setups for anything other than mining, and multi-GPU setups for mining are, well, you know.... 
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:07:36
With even just a trickle of information (HAM radio, telephone, etc) it would be pretty easy to figure out which chain is going to win.  Rational miners on the other chains would probably stop mining, but a few would probably continue.  Most likely that segment would stop *confirming* transactions.  Confirmations, however, are just a way to prevent double spending attacks.  For honest, day-to-day use the lack of confirmations is not really a big deal.  The break-down of the confirmation system would probably panic a lot of people, but the system would continue to work for the honest users.
As to the question of tracing transactions back to their origins, that is trivial and a fundamental part of how Bitcoin prevents counterfeiting.  When I send you BTC, I first have to prove that I have BTC.  To do that, one can look to the block chain to see a transaction where another address sent me BTC.  Thus, I "depend" on that transaction's validity.  To make sure that *they* had BTC, one would just have to look for transactions that sent *them* coins.  Since the block I depend on depends on this transaction, I depend on it as well.  Eventually, all coins can be traced back to where they were generated, which is just a transaction from nobody to the block solver.  Block reward transactions depend only on the block being included in the blockchain.  By knowing which block was the last one confirmed, it is pretty easy (from a protocol level, not necessarily from an end-user level) to deny any transaction that depends on the block rewards from the soon-to-be-orphaned chain, since those coins by all rights should not exist.
It's worth acknowledging that that analysis is assuming that each address is pretty disposable and only gets used once.  In reality the analysis is slightly more complicated, since each transaction can be directly dependent on several transactions, which are each dependent on several transactions.  The principle is the same, though--all coins have a well known set of dependencies, which ultimately wind up including block generation.  This illustrates both the reward loss and the threat of double spending:  When you accept a transaction (i.e. when you decide that a transaction is valid and you release goods) you are gambling that none of the dependent transactions--generation or otherwise--are faulty for any reason.  If a block generation transaction gets orphaned, you lose the money.  If your coins depend on double-spent coins, you lose the money.  If you can be reasonably sure neither of these is the case (which you generally can) then there is very low risk.
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:58:55
That is a fair observation and is often true.  As it happens in this case I was not feeling well and it was about 2:00 AM when I wrote that.  I am composing my "laundry list" of problems as I promised; it is *quite* involved and should be a solid demonstration of why I would not be inclined to write it at the time of my original post.  I will reply to above when finished.
@_date: 2013-08-13 05:29:49
Bear in mind that Mt Gox doesn't really trade BTC with USD.  They trade BTC with Mt Gox fun bucks, which are labeled as USD.  Since there is no current way to get USD off of Gox the price has shot up by a substantial margin.  
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:20:04
It's not that Bitcoin has a killswitch.  It's that the operator will be limiting how miners can connect to his pool if people continue to join.  It's a case of the pool operator acting how one would expect a pool operator to act--he wants to protect Bitcoin, so he is doing what he has to to guarantee that his pool is not a threat.
@_date: 2013-04-02 02:33:11
This is covered in detail in a number of places, but I'll paraphrase why it is, arguably, not wasteful.
First, I would like to call attention to how much money goes into the production of various national currencies.  While economies of scale and large denominations allow many bills to be produced for less than their face value, many coins actually cost *more* to produce than their value.  This is typically forgiven, since the added cost prevents counterfeiters, and the utility of currency is sufficient to justify the expense.  Sure, everyone could just agree that they would not counterfeit and we could save a lot of money, but that will obviously never happen.
Now, look at bitcoin:  the cost to issue new BTC is *always* less than the face value (assuming rational miners).  Additionally, mining tends to center around areas of cheap or free electricity, further increasing efficiency.  As to the arms race, each generation is more efficient than the one before it, and there is always a point where the previous generation has to shut down.  While the network hash rate is growing at an astronomic rate, the network power consumption is growing much slower.  All of that is moot, though, if there isn't a reason for the extra expenditure; it is my intent to show that reason.
People often mention that hashing secures the network; if you don't understand the mechanism behind that, please read up on it.  If you can't find sources you like, leave a reply and I'll do my best to explain.  The long story short on it, though, is that whoever controls at least half of the hashing power can make whatever rules they want.  We keep pushing the hash rate higher because new tools keep coming out that could attack the network.  A couple years ago it would have taken on the order of Bitcoin's market cap to buy enough hardware to execute a 51% attack, since the best hardware available was GPU technology; a single BFL Jalapeño could have 51%ed the network at any point in its first several months, at least.  Today, one would need ~55 TH/s to be half of the network, which would be &lt;40 BFL mini rigs, provided they lived up to their claimed specs.  40 rigs at ~$30K each is only $1.2 million, which is a vanishing fraction of the current market cap of over $1 billion.  That means that anyone with a few million dollars to blow could go and take over the network, provided they can actually deploy ASICs faster than BFL, Avalon, ASIC Miner, etc. combined.  With how big Bitcoin is right now in the news and how fast the price has shot up and how much Bitcoin could threaten big banks I can't wait to see ASICs deployed to push the global hash rate out of reach of any individual, government, or corporation.
Before you dismiss the mining expenditures as wasteful, do a little bit of math to figure out just how fragile Bitcoin is right now.  Widespread ASIC adoption will get us through this valley, but only if we continue to maintain and improve the power of the network.
@_date: 2013-04-07 01:08:00
This is exactly the reason why merchants should require a number of transactions based on the size of the transaction.  It is good to see that several already do.  As the length of the attack chain grows so does its expense; requiring a sufficiently expensive chain effectively defeats an economically motivated double-spend.
A double-spend that exists not for personal gain but as an attempt to destroy faith in the network is another story, but I really doubt that a pool could orphan more than a few blocks through evil activity since it only takes a single miner or community member to notice that a huge pool has had unthinkably bad luck while they build the attack chain, then to spread the word.  Even in that case I doubt more than a handful of transactions would be reversed, since the attacker can only reverse his own transactions.  I feel like a double spending attack like that would be like expecting an Ocean's 11 level of heist to crash the value of the dollar, except that everyone involved in the heist gets caught.
@_date: 2013-08-12 05:19:42
ASICs like the USB block erupters are only able to compute SHA256 hashes, which makes them good for Bitcoin, PPCoin, Terracoin, Freicoin, Devcoin, Lxcoin, and Bytecoin (among others).  Many of those coins are worthless crap, and presently you would be best served by mining Bitcoin out of all of those options, rather than mining an altcoin and trading it in.  You can check relative difficulties and prices at 
GPUs are able to mine SHA256 and Scrypt coins.  The most notable Scrypt coin is Litecoin, but there's also Feathercoin, NovaCoin, Mincoin, BBQCoin, ChinaCoin, and others.  At the time of this comment Litecoin is slightly more profitable than any of the other Scrypt coins, although Novacoin is close.
There are tons of alternative cryptocurrencies, and honestly most of them are terrible and shouldn't exist.  Since the Bitcoin software is open source it is pretty trivial to change a couple of parameters and launch your new and improved ObsoEUCoin.  Few of these clones gain momentum, but many would consider a lot of the top alt coins to be clones; I'll leave that judgement to you.  Many of the alternative coins, though, do offer substantial benefits.  It's worth looking into these, as many are projects worth supporting.  I'll try to cover the main ones.
**Litecoin** is the most popular (by market cap) alternative coin.  It is often marketed as "silver to Bitcoin's gold," and claims to be more suitable for day-to-day transactions.  It is largely just a clone of Bitcoin, with two changes:  Block time targets 2.5 minutes (reward reduction is still 4 years, so it has a much larger supply), and the mining algorithm is Scrypt.  Litecoin was originally branded as being a CPU only coin and gained popularity among miners who were bitter about the success of GPU and FPGA miners.  Eventually, though, the Scrypt hash was ported to the GPU, which is currently the most profitable platform to use.  It is expected that getting Scrypt to an FPGA or ASIC would take a prohibitive amount of fast RAM/Cache.
**Namecoin** is an innovative coin that introduces two new concepts.  Firstly, it can be "merge mined," which means that you can mine Namecoins with a Bitcoin mining computer with very little overhead; many Bitcoin pools therefore merge mine Namecoins to give a small boost in payouts.  The other innovation is that it allows the blockchain to act as a DNS (from what I understand; a little foggy on this one).  It's not a coin that you can mine as your primary mining, but it's worth finding a pool that merge mines if you go the Bitcoin route (as you probably should with your erupter).
**PPCoin** introduces the idea of a a hybrid Proof of Work/Proof of Stake currency.  Proof of work is the system that Bitcoin uses for its mining, where you mine by proving that you have done a lot of work and used resources (electricity, hardware, etc).  Proof of stake allows people to use their coins to mine, which is an interesting concept.  It essentially changes a 51% attack from requiring some massive amount of hardware to get a high hash rate to an attack that requires the attacker to accrue 51% of the total money supply.  This is the first of Sunny King's coins, and is hailed as being a "green" coin since the proof of work aspect of it is expected to die off over time.  An interesting aspect of PPCoin is that your balance essentially earns interest, although that means that there is no hard cap of coins like in Bitcoin.
**Feathercoin** is to Litecoin what Litecoin is to Bitcoin... only worse.  Feathercoin has a block reward of 200 coins and a generation time of 2.5 minutes.  I do not know of any innovation it brings.  I would personally not mine Feathercoin out of principle, and I don't see any value that it adds to the cryptocurrency field.  I might be missing something, though.
**Novacoin** is a copy/paste of PPCoin and therefore shares its strengths and weaknesses.  It is based on Scrypt; I believe this is its only change.  I have seen it called a scam a lot, and I do not support the blatant theft of the ideas that made PPCoin innovative.  Nevertheless, though, it enjoys support from GPU miners for using Scrypt and from holders in general for the reasons why PPCoin is popular.
Since mentioned it, **Primecoin** is the second coin by Sunny King, and the youngest on the list at just over 1 month old.  It seeks to address the "waste" energy from Bitcoin in a different way: rather than trying to eliminate it (since proof of work has proved so successful) Primecoin seeks to harness it by putting it to work towards finding prime numbers.  Specifically, it is used to find Cunningham chains of the first and second kind, and bi-twin chains.  Drop by if you want to learn more about the math behind this coin, as it really is interesting and innovative.  Primecoin has already set many records for these chains.  Primecoin uses a 1 minute bock time, which is *really* fast (but seems to be working). Finally, it has a continuously retargeting reward and difficulty (I believe PPCoin (and therefore Novacoin) also have these characteristics).  
At present XPM (Primecoin) is CPU only and is pretty slow to mine, even with the [high performance Primecoin miner by mikaelh](  It should get faster, though, at least for a short period, once the GPU miner hits.  Primecoin is likely going to be the first coin where NVidia graphics cards are competitive with AMD cards, although AMD cards will still likely be faster in general.  Primecoin hit a 1 million USD market cap in only about 2-3 weeks, which is unprecedented.  It's still young, though, so it could have easily *started* in a bubble.
Disclaimer:  I own Primecoins and stand to gain from their increased adoption.  If you decide to go this route (even if only with the CPU on the mining computer) feel free to drop me a PM and I'll help you get set up.
There are many other coins, and you can look at a list at  to see more (and their relative relevance).  One "coin" that is at the top of that list is **Ripple**, which is arguably either a scam or poorly designed.  Rather than proof of work it uses a network of trust.  It is claimed on  that it is highly centralized and it is well known that all 100 billion XRP were created at the formation of the network (which actually predates Bitcoin) and given to the network founders.  At any rate, Ripple is not a coin that can be mined, so it can be passed over in this discussion. (It doesn't really try to be a currency in the first place--it tries to be a distributed exchange; as such, it looks really bad compared to Bitcoin and friends when examining it as a currency).
I hope this has been informative, and I hope you find an alternative (or non-alternative--Bitcoin is still awesome) coin to mine!
@_date: 2013-07-10 03:07:40
Isn't there a $0.10 minimum tip?  Or has that rule been lifted?
@_date: 2013-10-22 19:02:51
With credit cards, Paypal, and other traditional payment processors there is the risk of the customer defrauding the seller by issuing a chargeback or other dispute.  These payment processors tend to prefer to side with the customer to keep them using the service.  When the payment processor issues a chargeback they can pull funds out of the seller's account and the seller has to fight an uphill battle to get their money back.
With Bitcoin there is a risk of a seller defrauding a customer by accepting payment and not shipping goods or shipping a misrepresented item.  The customer has no recourse to get their Bitcoins back--it's a "push-only" system (i.e. you can't pull funds from someone's account).  
So, as long as you are running a reputable business you shouldn't have to worry about being the one committing fraud.  There's almost nothing that a customer can do fraudulently when paying with Bitcoin, certainly less than if they were paying with Paypal and the like. 
@_date: 2013-08-08 20:35:27
Be aware that this *looks* like a scam to anyone who frequents this subreddit.  There are stories at least weekly of people getting screwed by selling their Bitcoin for Paypal.  If you're looking to buy, check out [local bitcoins]( or get an account on an exchange.
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:51:41
My program does model attacker's blocks being orphaned.  This is checked on lines 32 (honest finds a block), 33 (and there was a race in place), and line 35 (and the honest miners were/were not mining on top of the attack block).  I can assure you that in running the program the attackers lose plenty of blocks.
Why do you claim that my program does not model fallbehind tolerance of the attacker?  The tolerance is essentially zero.  As soon as the attackers are behind the honest blocks they give up on the chain.  When they are tied they carry out the race condition, which is modeled.  The infinite race-ahead is ideal for the theoretical network although it doesn't get added into the stats (I added this stat into my version of the program a little while after uploading to pastebin).  The ideal time to release blocks is when you have 1 more block than the network (unless you only have a secret chain of length 1).  This maximizes the number of honest blocks you can orphan.
I also model the sybil attack by using the "raceOdds" parameter.  This is a measurement of how many honest nodes can be told of the attackers' block before they hear of the honest block.
If you set the effectiveness of the sybil attack to 0 (line 13; it was set to 0 in the version I uploaded since I was playing with it at the time and that was the last value I used) then a 33% attack percentage yields about a 33% block rate, as would be expected by the paper's math.  The resulting rate for attack percentages less than 33% is under the hash power, while it is greater for higher attack percentages.  Note that the attackers always mine off of the attack chain during a race (see lines 21-25) while honest miners have some probability of mining off of the honest or the greedy block (line 35); this probability can be set on line 13. 
You are correct that neither I nor the paper models the cost of the sybil attack.  This is one of the many things that makes the attack unviable.  I in no way intend to suggest that this is an attack that will be carried out by a sane, self-interested party.  I only intend to show that the math of the paper is supported by a reasonable model.
I should point out that there are some things that my model *doesn't* model which could be relevant.  For example, I do not model honest miners orphaning honest blocks just due to propagation delays.  For that matter, I don't model propagation delays.  I also don't model any response the network would have other than just continuing to run without changing their behavior.  I'm sure there are other things I've missed.  However, I believe the model is complete enough to test the claims of the paper with reasonable accuracy. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 05:25:49
I think it only needs "company" if you're going to be paying others to solve HITs for you.  As an individual working for mTurk you shouldn't need that information.  Ask around on they should be better informed than I am.
Litecoin is considerably easier to mine, but that's not to say that it is viable to get into mining right now.  ASICs have pushed a *lot* of GPU power out of the Bitcoin network and they are looking for a new home, which seems to be Litecoin.  For reference, with my Radeon 6970 and 5850 I can net about $12.76 in Litecoin per month, after direct energy costs.  Hardly worth it to even bother mining (it produces a lot of heat and noise and renders my computer unusable while mining;  I also didn't factor in the cooling costs).
If you really want to get into Bitcoin and you don't really care how much profit you make, I'd suggest looking into the ASIC Miner USB Block Erupters.  They're pretty cheap--I've heard of them being as low as about $35 before shipping--and at that price they'll possibly even have a positive ROI, depending on how quickly the difficulty explodes.  I have 3 of the suckers plugged into an old Thinkpad running Ubuntu 24/7 and it's nice to see a mining payout come in every few days.  
There are also other ASIC products hitting the market that you can get into a group buy for (but stay away from Butterfly Labs--you won't get your product until months after it's been promised).  You can also just buy BTC and hold them, or you can get into ASIC Miner stocks.  Really, once you get some BTC (once again, probably by buying them) you can invest in all manner of interesting things.  If you want some of the fun of mining but don't want to have the hassle, noise, maintenance, and heat then you can invest in mining pools.  I'm personally using Pyramining and have for some time.  He offers a 10%+ return but doesn't guarantee the speed of said return.  He's in the process of deploying his own ASICs and has a few TH/s in his farm.  I can give you a referral link if you decide to go down that path (I think minimum investment is something like 0.01 BTC, so you can test the waters).
There are lots of opportunities in Bitcoin, but remember that if something looks too good to be true, it probably is.
@_date: 2013-08-21 01:42:30
A comment on paper wallets:  they are only as safe as storing paper money.  If your house burns down and they burn up then they're gone.  If someone breaks in and steals them then they're gone.  If you lose them they're lost.  Also, if you go the paper wallet route make sure you use paper and ink that won't degrade in the time and conditions you plan to keep the coins in cold storage.
One thing you could do with paper wallets is make a N of M collection and spread out the wallet parts.  This type of wallet, which I've probably called by the wrong name, allows you to make a paper wallet that requires N out of M parts (e.g. 2 out of 3 or 7 out of 284) in order to redeem.  It protects against theft and other loss better than just making and distributing copies.  If you make a 2 out of 3 collection then you can keep one, you can put one in a bank SDB, and give one to a relative.  If any of them is stolen it can't be used to redeem the coins, while the other two are still valid.  I believe Armory has this functionality. 
I personally keep my wallet encrypted by one helluva long passphrase (~50 characters and resistant to dictionary attacks) and then spread around various media (USB, Hard drive(s), Dropbox, email).  I don't care if someone gets my encrypted wallet since breaking ECC is about as easy as breaking the encryption on the wallet itself.  I seldom send coins (I admit I'm a hoarder) but I can send from within a VM or I can even boot into the Ubuntu partition that I only seldom use if I want the next layer of security.  There are more levels of security available, but I'm comfortable with my risk exposure and you have to call it somewhere. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 02:22:45
I've read a lot of things about Ripples and I've heard a lot of people talk about how great they are, but in reading about how they work I'm having a really hard time understanding how they are in any way better than BTC.
From what I've seen, Ripples seem to be decentralized peer to peer digital currency, just like BTC.  The transactions are stored in a public ledger, just like BTC's blockchain.  However, I've seen some differences:
* All Ripples were created at the formation of the network; these were then split between a few of the earliest adopters.  Bitcoins, on the other hand, were/are awarded to miners, and will continue to be distributed for years to come.  Early adopters have an advantage, but not nearly like the 80% of all Ripples in existence being given to OpenCoin Inc.
* Transactions are based on a chain of trust (or at least that's how they always describe it).  That would be fine if people could be trusted or if trust were necessary, but it isn't.  Furthermore, the idea of a chain of trust is sketchy at best:  I will happily spot a friend some cash to cover his tab, but that doesn't mean that I will give that friend some money to send to a Nigerian prince.  Lending money through a chain of trust does not give the same level of trust that a single link would have.  Additionally, the notion of a monetary system based on lending between friends is inherently flawed:  money ends friendships.  The only real useful connections are to merchants or other professional associations.  The idea of Gateways helps get around this some, but there is *no reason* to have to even trust those (centralized?) gateways.  Bitcoin is *completely* decentralized and requires *no trust.*
* Ripples claim that you can quickly and easily convert USD, GBP, BTC, etc. to ripples.  I have yet to see a description of just exactly *how* that works, so I must remain skeptical.  I will admit that this is a major weakness in Bitcoin right now, since people struggle so much to convert between Fiat and BTC.
* I have seen no reference to mining or any other proof of work system to secure the network.  I highly doubt that the currency has achieved even the modest success it has had so far if it has no way to address security, but I trust Bitcoin becaue I understand the difficulty in executing the various attacks against it (double spending, time warp, wallet theft, etc)
Now, I don't necessarily expect you, a random fellow on Reddit, to drop everything you're doing and answer these questions, but I would really appreciate it if you could point me in the right direction.  I've read just about the entire site you linked and I'm not convinced that Ripple is at all viable, but I had a similar reaction nearly 2 years ago when a neighbor told me I could make money with my computer (poor soul had nVidia GPUs and couldn't profit by then).
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:53:34
a 521 year half life is plenty of time to be stable for thousands of years.  DNA for data storage is not necessarily only storing a set of data on a single strand--that would be foolish.
If the DNA starts on 16 copies, after ~500 years there are 8 intact.  After ~1000 years there would be 4 intact.  ~1500 years leaves 2, while ~2000 years, which I would argue constitutes "thousands of years," one would expect to still have 1 copy intact.  With the data densities of DNA it would be easy to start with hundreds of copies, but that is hardly necessary since it would be easy enough to just go and rewrite the data every century or so, unless it was your goal to leave this data for the next era of civilization.
@_date: 2013-08-24 00:30:57
Last I saw the packaging of adware with sourceforge applications was opt-in by the application developers.
I just downloaded and installed Bitcoin 0.8.3 (I've been meaning to upgrade for a while; this was a nice impetus) and I got the executable intended, with no adware.  I should point out that I am using adblock plus, which could conceivably have prevented something.
If your intent is to draw attention to sourceforge's bad practices in open source software distribution then by all means, go get 'em, but the title suggests that downloading the Bitcoin QT client will net you a nice round of malware, which seems to me to be misleading.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:57:11
There are several different issues being discussed, and I think they all could use a separate discussion:
* "The fees are too high! 8 cent transaction costs make microtransactions unfeasible.
* (Related to the first) Fees should be a percentage--8 cents on a 25 cent transaction is terrible!
* Fees used to be trivial, so they should still be trivial.
* The QT client should not impose a minimum fee!
* The fee that the QT client imposes is "incorrect."
**The fees are too damn high!**
This argument seems to be derived form a lack of understanding of what fees actually *are* and why we have them.  Most seem to associate fees only with the way that they affect users most directly:  confirmation time; however, there are actually several reasons for fees:
* Prevent against DDoS attacks
* Secure the Network
* Get faster confirmations
If the only thing you care about is the speed of confirmations then most of this will fall on deaf ears, but I will state it anyway.  Fees are in place to prevent people from "dusting" the network, making a lot of low value transactions that bog down the network, while not costing the attacker anything.  In order to prevent this, the network must impose some non-zero fee.  This doesn't declare that the fee must be several cents, but zero fee transactions should be somewhat taboo, in my opinion.  
The big thing on this list is the securing of the network.  People have commented on the cost of the network by looking at data transmission costs, but the real cost is in the hashing.  For the time being we have the block generation reward of 25BTC that helps offset the cost of securing the network, but at some point we must support that cost by paying transaction fees.  The daily reward for mining is (25 BTC * 10 * 24 + (Transactions per second * 3600 * 24 * average fee)).  That reward must justify the expenditure on energy that people are paying to mine.  When it doesn't, the less efficient miners drop out.  If someone is willing to front the money for the hardware and to lose that amount of money per day then they can destroy Bitcoin via a 51% attack.  The only defense we have against that is making it profitable enough to mine that the network is secure.
**Fees should be a percentage**
The idea of percentage-based fees sounds nice but it has a fundamental problem:  the cost of a transaction is not based on its monetary value, but its digital size.  This is why a cost per kilobyte fee is typically suggested.  When you send a large transaction (in terms of digital size) with a low fee you are asking the network to secure that transaction in exchange for less of a fee than their cost.  When people do that it actively hurts the network, albeit not by very much.  Nevertheless, though, I cannot think of a business that will happily serve a customer repeatedly at a loss.  If this means that microtransactions cannot be done on the blockchain then that's too bad; there is still plenty of opportunity for off-the-blockchain microtransactions. 
**Fees used to be trivial**
They used to be trivial, and that was awesome, but the difficulty used to be a lot lower and the block reward used to be 50 BTC.  The parameters that define the economy of mining are not static, and they are all interrelated.  While it may be possible that a trivially small fee is reasonable, that is not necessarily the case just because it used to be true.  A 25 BTC block reward is substantial still, though, but we will not always have that helping the network's security.  People in Bitcoin should know that it is a dynamic system that can change as it needs to; this hopefully strikes people as a good characteristic.
**The QT client should not impose a minimum fee**
This is a dicey one, but I think that the model that Addblock plus uses is a good one.  It is undeniable that fees are good for the network, but they are bad for the individual who pays them.  This is one of the classic problems of a Communistic society--everyone has to make a personal sacrifice in exchange for the whole group.  I think that the Addblock plus model of enabling Ads (fees) by default but allowing the user to go in and override it if they want to.  I don't like the idea of promoting feeless transactions, but I accept that it should be something that people can do.
**The fee that the QT client imposes is incorrect**
This is really the crux of the discussion to me.  As I mentioned in the "Fees used to be trivial" section, the factors that determine what a "fair" fee is will necessarily be dynamic.  As such, the suggested fee ought to change over time.  That said, though, the discussion must not start with "the fee that people are willing to pay is ___BTC," but must instead start with "the amount of security that the network needs is ___ TH/s."  In a perfect world the fee would be always be trivial, even for a microtransaction, but there is no guarantee of that.  The simple reality is that it costs money for the Bitcoin network to exist.  Right now most of that cost is distributed over the *holders* of the coins via inflation (Bitcoin is *not* a deflationary currency until all coins are issued.  It just happens to be gaining adoption faster than the money supply is increasing so we see deflation).  Eventually the cost is distributed over the *spenders* of the coins via transaction fees.  If you can find a transaction method that costs less than the Bitcoin transaction fee to send a transaction (and you like its other characteristics better) then go ahead and use that one instead.  Bitcoin is not meant to take over all commerce everywhere--only (primarily) to compete against the market that is currently dominated by credit cards and paypal.  It does that excellently even with a several cent fee.
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:01:41
There shouldn't be any issue with running FPGAs, but buying FPGAs for Bitcoin is a crappy investment right now.  FPGAs offer a relatively low hash/s/$ but a great hash/Joule.  That made them popular with big miners since it reduces operating costs, both in direct power costs and in cooling.
You would be better served by getting ASICs, if you want to try the mining route.  They offer pretty decent hash/s/$ and outstanding hash/Joule.  If you're looking to get one or more of those now, I would suggest the ASIC Miner Block Erupter, which can be found for about $50-$60 plus shipping, depending on where you get it (see BTC Guild and  I've used the latter and they seemed to be on top of their game).  They are no get rich quick scheme, though--the three I have are earning about $1.38 per day.
In the end, I maintain that the best way to get money is to get a job.  I've seen people crawl all over each other to try to get tiny scraps of Bitcoins, when they could flip burgers for much more per day.  I'll grant that it's nice to have a laptop sit in the corner of the room bringing in money for almost nothing, but when it comes to actually paying for substantial things you would have to invest a *ton* into mining before you turn enough profit to just sit back and watch the profits roll in, and by that point you will probably be working a fair amount in just maintaining the mining farm.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:42:43
I don't have a specific economic background--which is to say I'm just as qualified as 99% of the people on this subreddit--but I think what we are seeing is a superposition of two curves.  It strikes me that there are two main camps in the community--the "It's definitely a bubble! Nothing but speculation!" camp and the "This is just the curve that follows new adoption of a technology."  Most individuals are not all the way in one camp or the other, but those seem to be the extremes, at least.
While the truth is not *necessarily* in the [middle of the two extremes]( I think that it is probably somewhere between them.  On the one hand, there are the speculators who settle on a certain exponential curve and start trading towards that in a largely self fulfilling prediction.  This would lead to a doubling every X time.  As a speculative bubble, however, it is subject to popping whenever people realize that it doesn't actually have to go up.  When people lose the willingness or ability to buy into the bubble the price crashes.
On the other hand, though, there is the issue of wider adoption.  It is no secret that Bitcoin has been getting a lot of time in the news recently.  Some of this is *because* of the rapidly increasing prices, but it is also because of banking crises in Cypress et. al.  The simple fact here is that Bitcoin solves a lot of problems better than the current systems (Paypal, CC, fiat, etc.), and as such it is acting as a disruptive technology.  People supporting this idea often do things like comparing the total daily throughput of [Paypal, Visa, The Entire Fucking World] to the total number of bitcoins, and often come up with values that range from 1,000 to 1,000,000 USD/BTC.  I find most of these posts to be somewhere between optimistic and circle jerky, but the fundamental idea--more people wanting bitcoin for its utility -&gt; higher price--is sound.
If you superimpose these curves you wind up with something that looks sort of like an exponential, but even steeper, which is what you describe.  As to what this means in the future, I qualitatively expect the price to go up until we hit a crash as the speculative portion collapses.  However, after that crash (i.e. after the panic that drops the value below the "proper" worth dampens out) I expect the cost per Bitcoin will be higher than it was at the start of this year.  I do not purport to know any specifics about when these things will happen, nor at what value, and I maintain that anyone who claims certainty about the future of the Bitcoin price is either a time traveler, a wizard, or is full of shit.
@_date: 2013-05-09 13:46:16
It's not actually illegal.  The defacing laws state that it is illegal to do things to US currency if it with the intent of defrauding someone or the US government (e.g. by making a $5 look like a $20, etc) or if it renders it unfit for circulation (e.g. completely blacking out the front and back).
Simply writing/stamping a message that does not obscure a meaningful portion of the bill doesn't fall under the same laws, and I don't believe it is illegal at all, in the US at least.  Now, I wouldn't suggest going around and doing this to thousands of dollars a week, but stamping all of the bills that pass by you is not going to get you in any trouble.
For the record, the specific quote is :


As long as it is not rendered unfit to be reissued you are in the clear.  A stamp on the back does not hinder re-issuance. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 18:24:23
There are various limits which take varying amounts of work to circumvent.  Recently we hit the "soft block limit" where miners without certain settings set would not include more than [250KB worth]( of transactions.  Miners changed their settings and the limit was raised.
The next limit is the "hard block limit," which i believe is the 1MB that mentioned.  To get around this limit will take more than simply changing settings--there will have to be code changes in the clients and/or miners.
There is a road map to take Bitcoin all the way up to the transaction volume that Visa sees during peak times--over 10,000 transactions per second, burst.  If you're interested in the future scaling of Bitcoin, you should check out 
@_date: 2013-05-31 20:33:14
The transaction fees are taken from the miner who mines the orphaned block, as is the block generation reward.  When a block is orphaned it is as if it had never been mined at all.  This is super unfortunate for the miner but it is a necessary policy.  Otherwise, what would stop an attacker from going back and mining a new version of a very old block that contains hundreds of high fee transactions?  It would instantly be orphaned but if the attacker could claim the fees anyway then it would break the system.
The fees for the transaction get passed on to whoever includes them in a block.
Bitcoins can't be destroyed--only lost.  By that I mean that you can trace every Satoshi that has ever been mined to its current residing address.  It is possible that nobody has the keys to that address, but if there were some way to generate the key (i.e. ECC and SHA256 were broken; bad news for lots of things) then someone could "find" those lost coins.  Any solution other than rejecting the orphaned block completely as if it had never existed would break that feature of Bitcoin, which is one of its stronger selling points.
@_date: 2013-08-24 04:33:02
"Free bitcoin" sites are practically a scam (or literally a scam, in some cases).  There are some faucets that operate with legitimately good intentions, but most are sites that seek to put you to work for a fraction of a Nike worker's wages, generating hits or solving captchas, sometimes filling out surveys.
If you want to get Bitcoins the best way is to buy them.  If you want to get money the best way is to work a job.
@_date: 2013-10-30 06:15:39
Alas... A bit far from home for me. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 19:03:58


And what about changes that would violate the social contract that Bitcoin has with its users?  For example, there are many outside of the community that believe that a small amount of predictable inflation is a good thing for an economy, since it encourages spending and doesn't crush people who have debt (I assert these people exist--I'm not here to argue the merits of the point, it is just an example).  Bitcoin has said from the beginning **NO INFLATION**.  It would be a violation of the social contract for Bitcoin to implement an inflationary model.  Thus, if a small, controlled amount of inflation in a coin is desirable by the masses then it will have to come from an altcoin.  This is only one example; I'm sure there are many others.
Also, I'd like to point out that the Bitcoin network is essentially owned by the miners.  We like to talk like it is owned by the community--the users--of Bitcoins, but really it's the miners.  If there were to be some change suggested that is good for the community at large at the expense of the miners then it can't be expected to actually be implemented.  Remember, miners are spending thousands of dollars (probably tens of millions worldwide) investing in ASIC hardware; they won't be too pleased to see that investment go down the drain.
It's not as simple as Bitcoin just adopting changes if they turn out to be good.  Altcoins that are worth a damn are based on viable ideas that cannot be reasonably implemented in Bitcoin.  I'll absolutely agree that the large majority of altcoins shouldn't exist--simple parameter changes and pump and dump coins just muddle the market--but there are some legitimate innovations in some altcoins that *can't* be put into Bitcoin either for practical or social reasons.
That said, though, Altcoins are an advanced topic in cryptocurrency and newcomers should be introduced to Bitcoin thoroughly before being blasted with a plethora of alternatives.  
@_date: 2013-09-27 06:41:12
The biggest examples are, Intel, AMD, or NVIDIA.  Any of these three has plenty of capital, experience, and technological resources to *easily* make every single ASIC producer look like they are just children playing in the sandbox.  They could easily produce and power enough ASICs to overwhelm the network and 51% it.
Similarly, ASICMiner can (or at least recently could have) just ramp up production and stop selling boards to individuals, then relatively quickly gain 51%.  Or perhaps they have been producing more boards than they claim and they have an extra few PetaHash/s sitting around for their time to strike (unlikely, but a vivid hypothetical).
Also, note that the market cap of Bitcoin is only $1.5 billion.  The US deficit is $1.87 billion *per day.* I'm sure that there are dozens of players for which that amount of money is not absurdly of reach.  When you can buy out an entire market there are various market manipulations that can be carried out to drive the price (I couldn't describe what they are, but I'm pretty sure they exist).  I doubt that this would be sufficient to *completely* destroy Bitcoin, but I'm sure that they could cause a sufficiently volatile price that merchants would be pushed away from it.  For my purposes Bitcoin being forced into the corners and shadows is almost as bad as Bitcoin being destroyed outright.
Along the "forced into the corners and shadows" line of thought, if the governments of the world banded together then I think they could cripple Bitcoin.  If it was made to be illegal to purchase in Bitcoin and it was made legal to prohibit Bitcoin web traffic (or just P2P traffic in general--imagine if someone crazy in Hollywood goes on an anti-torrenting campaign and convinces tech-illiterate congressmen to outlaw P2P traffic) then I think that Bitcoin would suffer a major blow, perhaps enough so that a different cryptocurrency would rise from the ashes--there are *lots* out there that claim to be better than Bitcoin in some way or another, and a few of those even make a halfway decent case for themselves.
Finally, consider what would happen if the NSA has discovered a weakness in the various cryptography schemes and that weakness gets leaked to the public.  Bitcoin would surely try to move to a new scheme as quickly as possible, but the event could be catastrophic to the system.  If it happened to be that the specific types of cryptography that had been broken were specific to Bitcoin and not used in some of the alternative cryptocoins then one could imagine, once again, that that currency could take a quick leap as the more trusted chain.
Now, I don't *expect* any of these players to stand up and actively try to kill Bitcoin, and every ASIC that gets plugged into the network shortens the list of people who even have the power.  Any *rational* person would probably find that it is more profitable to play by the rules.  However, there is no guarantee that everyone will continue to act rationally and there is at least one failure mode that could occur due to action entirely unrelated to Bitcoin.  I still trust Bitcoin and I think it's the best currency system we have available today, but I sincerely doubt that the same will be true in a hundred--or million, or billion--years.  I believe that Bitcoin will eventually crumble because I believe that *everything* will eventually crumble.  Hopefully in 1000 years there will be no need for currency in the first place, but perhaps that's too Utopian.
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:42:07
That all highlights the importance of "every reasonable effort."  The deck is stacked against someone trying to live independent of their government so they are going to fail at eliminating the benefits they receive.
From my perspective someone who is at least doing their best to minimize their usage of public goods and services has done their duty to opt out of the contract--as you mention a contract can never be compulsory and I sympathize with anti-statists in that they are in a system that they vehemently disagree with but have no way to follow their beliefs.  *I* have no issue with such a person not paying taxes, and if I served on a jury for a tax evasion case for such a person then I would find them not guilty (although I would never be chosen for such a jury--I know the words "jury nullification").
If someone wants to use all the public goods *and* pay their taxes while also speaking out against the system and lobbying for the legal ability to live as described above then I also see *that* as a non-hypocritical stance and a tough fight to fight (best of luck)!
What I oppose is someone who makes no effort to avoid public goods and services who also makes every effort to avoid taxation while claiming to not have the social contract apply to them.  *This* is the scenario that I feel matches the restaurant example--nobody forces you to go to a public school so going to one and refusing to pay for it breaks the contract.
@_date: 2013-03-31 21:03:24


Why would you spend your dollars at all?  If BTC is a guaranteed appreciation then you should just put all of your dollars into bitcoin!  I realize that some have done this, but I think most will agree that it is an extreme economic stance.
At the end of the day, you *have* to buy things (living off the land aside).  If you can buy those things with BTC more conveniently and with fewer fees, why not?  If you are committed to having a savings in BTC then just re-buy the BTC with your fiat every week or two.  Buying things with bitcoin is not about reducing your holdings of BTC (although it could be used as a method to do that);  it is about enjoying their utility.
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:20:37
That would probably work for about a day, maybe less.  The problem with trying to enforce things at the node level is that nodes are cheap.  A raspberry Pi can function as a node that passes blocks along; it may even have enough processing power to be a full verifying node, but it would be awfully slow.  Nodes could certainly give some level of disadvantage to miners who aren't "nice," but the "mean" nodes could just allow a whole lot more connections, including connections to large, unbiased nodes.  Ultimately this would not be a serious hindrance to "mean" miners.  The enforcement has to come from other miners.
To that end, I would recommend a change to miners (unless this is already implemented, but that does not appear to be the case).  It is almost free to change which chain a miner is mining on--it only takes a single extra hash and a handful of other operations--a milisecond, maybe.  If it is ever the case that there are two competing blocks, such that the difficulty is the same for each (i.e. the precursor to an orphaned block), build upon the block that has the most transactions in it (probably measured by a metric that makes it hard for miners to add a bunch of dust transactions to make their block win the tie; perhaps only consider transactions the miner knew about prior to the block's release).  Currently I believe this tie is broken entirely by time--first one there wins; changing this could encourage including transactions, but time should still be a consideration.  It is also worth noting that currently one of the reasons why transactions are excluded is the belief that it will delay the block's propagation and lead to it being orphaned.  This certainly seems to be believable when looking at the [block you linked to]( (6 transactions) compared to the [block that it orphaned]( (1017 transactions).  Miners interested in the health of the network should have built on the second block and orphaned the first.
@_date: 2013-11-16 03:40:30
The general method is to look at how many Hash/s a typical graphics card can do and to then compare that to the number of FLOP/s the GPU can do.  When looking at lots of GPUs that ratio tends to be pretty constant.  That gives some imaginary comparison of how many FLOP/s are in 1 Hash/s.
From there the comparison looks at the total estimated network hash rate and multiplies that by the aforementioned ratio--totally bogus math, but it was reasonable back when the network was primarily GPUs.  It does have some validity, though--it's good for estimating what the hash rate of a given supercomputer *would* be if it was used for Bitcoin instead of scientific computing.
I typically see the numbers quoted from  which is currently claiming ~53 PFlop/s, when the actual speed is approximately 0 Flop/s--it's all integer math!
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:03:11
This article is technically correct on a lot of points, but it skims over the fundamental point:  The correct type of quantum computer could render certain aspects of the cryptography used for Bitcoin obsolete.  The article declares this is not a problem since Bitcoin will adapt and since the current quantum computers are not of the correct type/application, but that does not mean that the right type of quantum computer wouldn't defeat aspects of the Bitcoin network.
This, of course, begs the question of what the right type of quantum computer *could* do.  I'll start by stating what it *can't* do.  It would be nearly useless at mining, and therefore would be nearly useless at pulling off any type of 51% attack.  It cannot reverse transactions nor can it prevent transactions from being confirmed, but it can do something quite dangerous.  Any address that has sent coins in the past can be cracked in "polynomial time" such that the private key can be found.  Once someone has the private key they can send the coins whenever they want to whatever address they want.
This idea of polynomial time is the important part.  The security that Bitcoin uses for addresses relies on the difficulty in finding the prime factors of a number.  On a regular, digital computer it is actually quite a difficult problem--finding the prime factors of a large number takes an amount of time that varies based on the size of the number.  The most efficient factoring algorithm that runs on a digital computer runs in O(e^1.9(log(N)^1/3 ^(log(log(N)))^2/3 ).  This is really complicated, but if you graph that function of N you will see that it increases pretty quickly--faster than any polynomial (A + Bx + Cx^2 + ...) would.  On a quantum computer you are able to use "Shor's Algorithm," which runs in O(log(N)^3) time.  This is an incredibly low time complexity, which means that factoring a huge number is not much harder than factoring a small number.  Shor's algorithm doesn't let you do any computation that you can't already do on a digital computer, but it does let you do it a LOT faster; on a digital computer factoring one of the huge numbers used in cryptography would take you countless ages, while a quantum computer could probably finish in less than a week if not faster.
So why do we care about a quantum computer factoring prime numbers, and why does it only affect addresses that have spent bitcoins?  It all comes down to how the public key cryptography works.  Anyone with your private key can spend your bitcoins, but finding your private key from your public key requires the factoring of a *huge* prime number.  If someone has a quantum computer capable of executing Shor's algorithm (which "D-wave" allegedly cannot) then they just need your public key to steal your coins.  For an address that has never spent coins, though, the public key is not exposed.  An address is an obfuscated form of the public key--it is run through various hash functions which are impervious to quantum computers.  When you spend coins, though, you must publicly announce the public key of the address, at which point someone could start emptying the address.
This type of an attack is really easy to defeat.  Just never reuse an address:  once you spend anything out of an address, empty the entire address into a "change" address.  The QT client already does this, more or less, but it does mean that you have to avoid certain use cases.  For example, if you have regular payments coming in from the same source (e.g. mining, investment dividends, etc) then you must change the address they are paid to whenever you spend any of the coins.  It also means that vanity addresses would have to be short lived or risk being compromised.  This includes public addresses (*cough* SatoshiDice *cough*).  Deposit addresses could not be reused for places like exchanges, since they tend to move the coins from the deposit address to their cold storage address.
So, the **TL;DR** is: *This* quantum computer may pose no threat to Bitcoin, but there could exist in the future a quantum computer that breaks a major aspect of the security used in Bitcoin, breaking a lot of usage cases that are currently common.  I know of no substitute for the cryptography that is broken by quantum computing.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:33:40
For added security it could be a good idea to encrypt your wallet, which the bitcoin-qt client supports.  If the wallet.dat file is compromised by a virus on your computer or a hacker getting into cloud storage or any other method then an attacker could steal your coins.  If the wallet is encrypted then the attacker has to guess your password, which can be effectively impossible if you have a strong pass phrase.
To do this in bitcoin-qt go to Settings -&gt; Encrypt Wallet.  Just don't forget your password!  If you wind up with any significant amount of money in Bitcoin or you cannot absolutely trust your computer not to be compromised then encrypting your wallet is somewhere between a good idea and an absolute necessity.
Also, as a nod to your original question, it is possible to make a password that gets you to your coins on any computer.  Just look up brain wallets--they do this quite well.  It is very, very hard to have a wallet compromised if you don't have it on a computer!  
@_date: 2013-09-03 00:52:21
Return on investment is not the same as current profitability of hardware.  Your analysis is absolutely correct when considering whether or not to buy ASIC hardware, but the analysis of whether or not to mine with hardware you have already bought is different.  It all comes down to "If I run this hardware will I generate more BTC than I spend in running costs?"
When you get right down to it a ton of ASIC hardware has been produced and sold, for better or worse.  We can scoff at the people who bought that hardware, but in the end they can be expected to run it until electricity costs are too great.  When this happens is a matter of speculation, and it depends heavily on the difficulty and BTC/fiat exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:52:25
The hardware he listed runs upwards of $100 (although the USB Block Erupter can be had for less than that poster quotes).
The gross income (before power consumption) is going to be .0192 BTC/month *at current difficulty.*  Difficulty is still on a sharp rise, so the profitability will taper off further from there.  Estimating a 10 W total power draw and $0.10/kWh of electricity your total profitability would be about a dime a day ($3/month), and that's only going to go down as difficulty goes up (but hey, we're starting our next bubble so that could help your USD profitability and help offset power consumption).
In short, no, that is not profitable.  There is no profitable way to get into mining right now, at least not with Bitcoin.  Some of the altcoins are profitable, but the influx of ASIC hardware to Bitcoin has forced a lot of GPU hashing power to Scyypt-based coins, which is making it really difficult to turn a decent profit in those, either, much less offsetting the price of buying new hardware.
The only coin I'm aware of that could be worth mining is Primecoin, since it doesn't have an especially fast GPU miner (there is a GPU miner, but it isn't that much faster than a CPU miner, depending on your CPU/GPU).  
@_date: 2013-09-17 15:08:48
Paypal offering USD/Credit card transactions and Bitcoin transactions wouldn't be a good move (depending on how they did it).  Dishonest buyers would make their purchases with their credit cards then issue chargebacks, while dishonest sellers would sell in Bitcoin and take advantage of the lack of chargebacks.
Paypal's whole philosophy is that when one party demands money they just take it from the other (generally, when a customer demands their money back from the seller).  If they have given the money to the seller via Bitcoin already then their business model fails.
Now, they could offer the option to pay in Bitcoin which is then converted to USD or whatever currency the seller is selling in.  That could be an advantage to them, but I think that introducing more people to Bitcoin is the *last* thing that a conventional payment processor wants to do (unless they're willing to innovate and enter new markets).  
@_date: 2013-08-18 07:21:15
Since I mine as part of a mining pool, my thought is that I am being paid in a virtual currency to compute hashes.  I would maintain this argument since my computer never even gets to see the entirety of the block (just the header) and could be hashing passwords or vanity addresses for all I know.  All I know is that I am renting the use of my hardware to the pool so that *they* can do whatever with it, and in return I get BTC.  I am not creating currency any more than a rental car company is when they rent a car to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
I realize this throws Slush under the bus, but I hope that the big pool operators have had the foresight to cover their asses by registering with the appropriate local agencies to avoid trouble.
@_date: 2013-03-25 00:51:44
A non-mining node does not need any substantial SHA-256 hashing power (I want to say that estimates are that an upper mid range 4 core CPU can handle all of the non-mining computation that the Bitcoin network would ever have, even with 10,000 transactions per second).
Furthermore, a non-mining node does very, very little (i.e. nothing) to help keep transactions free.  The only way to keep transactions free is to mine and to accept transactions without fees.  The main things that non-mining nodes do to strengthen the network are maintaining a full record of the blockchain so that it can be re-built, and relaying transactions so they propagate through the network more quickly.  Miners, on the other hand, confirm transactions, and are given the opportunity to accept or deny any transaction for any reason.  Miners accept only valid transactions so that other miners will be willing to accept the blocks, but they can ignore transactions because they are invalid, because they have no fee, because they are from a source the miner doesn't like (Luke-jr does this with Satoshi Dice), or for any other reason.
All of that said if you own any mining power (esp. ASIC) and want to support free transactions, you can mine--either solo or with a pool that accepts free transactions.  Either of these give the same amount of support to free transactions, but they will not necessarily be viable economic ventures.  It is worth noting, though, that there are limits to the number of transactions per second that the network can handle.  Recently the network hit the "soft block limit," at which point higher fee blocks were given priority (I don't know of any better way to prioritize, except maybe first come, first serve).  The number of TPS that the network can handle was raised, but there are larger block size limits that will be faced in the coming years if trends continue.  At that point a node that accepts free transactions before paid transactions will only help free transactions at the expense of paid transactions.
@_date: 2013-08-17 01:19:41
I'm not sure I follow.  What is the delay you're worried about?  You make a wallet on your phone and put some BTC in it.  Then, you go about your life, and you spend BTC as you need.  If the mobile wallet runs low, you refill it when at home.  At no point are you moving coins in a situation where the confirmation time is a big issue.
@_date: 2013-12-06 11:22:40
Changing the 1MB limit would require all miners to update, correct?  The change from 300k to 350k is just changing a default.  
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:35:37
You have, IIRC, a 1 in 2^32 chance of a random hash passing a difficulty 1 check.  A difficulty 2 check is half as probable.  A difficulty 4 check is half again as probable.  Difficulty is nice and linear this way.  A difficulty 16 share is 16/15 (1.066666...) times more difficult than a difficulty 15 share. 
Thus, if you are looking for difficulty 16 shares and you get the above line then it is saying that you found a share that would have been worth sending if you were looking for difficulty 320 shares.  When you send this share you get credit for a single difficulty 16 share (but so would anyone else... it's still fair).  A single 16 difficulty share is worth 16 difficulty 1 shares.  To put it another way, if you found 16 difficulty 1 shares then on average one of the 16 would be of difficulty 16 or greater, so submitting one difficulty 16 share or 16 difficulty 1 shares both prove you've done the same amount of work (an important fact is that you aren't allowed to change difficulties at a moment's notice, otherwise you could submit every share for its full difficulty).  
The hash isn't really significant.  It's part for show, and possibly part for debugging.  You might enjoy looking for especially low hashes, in which case... go get some fresh air. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:15:50
To say that it doesn't matter if they have more than 50% is wrong, but it is equally wrong to suggest that having a pool with 50% gives the operator a blank check.  People should switch to other pools to balance the network, but sensational posts this one ("For the love of bitcoin...!!!") are over-hyping a pretty minor event.  I was around for the last time this happened and it went a lot better--"Hey, a pool is over 50%.  Huh... I guess I'll mine at a different pool."
Virtually all of the 51% attacks require a continuous 51% of the network.  Right now people may be slow to switch because they are used to BTCGuild and because it is a good pool; if there were an actual attack then people would flee the pool quickly--miners in general don't want to be a part of the destruction of Bitcoin, so the 51% would fall quickly.
The only attack that I am aware of that a pool operator in this situation could reasonably expect to pull off is a double spend.  There is no way that he could expect to reverse a transaction from over a day ago, as that would require several days of mining to accomplish, all while the pool members are expected to be convinced that a pool with an average time between blocks of 20 minutes is experiencing a time between blocks of over 2 days.  If the operator tried to reverse a transaction sent at the start of the attack then he may very well manage a few confirmations--even the 6 most take as sufficient.  However, I doubt seriously that even this would ultimately be successful for a transaction of any system-wide importance.  Trying to get fiat from the BTC would mean going to an exchange--which has all of the attacker's information.  Buying online would likely use escrow for any large purchase.  Buying in person has its obvious problems with anonymity.  Even if you think that this is still a valid threat, note that a 40% double spending attack to 6 confirmations succeeds 50% of the time--it's already too late!
My Point?  Yes, we should move miners out of BTCGuild.  However, having the community running around like chickens with their heads cut off wailing about how the system will fail if BTCGuild gets over 50% not healthy.  There is certainly risk associated with a pool getting over 50%, but it is important to understand the scope of that risk.  Look through the different attacks a 50% holder can carry out and ask how successful they would be if carried out with a pool, then ask what the fallout would be.  Even in a circumstance like a pool fed 51% attack Bitcoin is remarkably robust.  The real danger comes from a centralized 51% attack, which I hope we never see.
@_date: 2013-08-13 08:06:16
Everything that said is true.  He is trying to sell you something, though (although I don't see a link--that's the best price I've seen so far), so you should take that bias into consideration.  There is another side of ASICs, especially ASIC Miner ASICs at their present prices, which a seller is not obligated to point out, but which I will:  break even time.
If the difficulty stopped dead right now then the break even for most of the offerings is around 4-5 months, *assuming that you don't need any further investment.*  To run any substantial number of block erupters you need a powered USB hub, and since the ASICs take 500 mA per port many hubs can't handle it.  Unless you have a computer that is going to stay online 24/7 anyway you are looking at a Raspberry Pi or similar device to run the miners.  
All of these things cut into your bottom line, but nothing cuts deeper than difficulty.  If you look at the difficulty rise and the predicted next difficulty the break-even time starts marching steadily back.  You will probably still have a positive ROI at that price (like I said, .45 BTC is the lowest I've seen), but don't make the mistake of looking at how fast these devices make money now and assuming that they will continue at the same rate.
Another thing to look into is the ASIC Miner blades.  Unlike the USB miners which are as much of a novelty as anything, the Blades are what ASIC miner uses in-house to hold about 10% of the network's hashing power.  When ASIC Miner looks to make a profit, they use blades, and that should say something.  The blades are much more expensive per unit, but have a better Hash/$ (or Hash/BTC, if you prefer) than the USB miners.  They also are a standalone unit--just plug them into the wall and the internet and they have all they need (you still have to configure them, of course).  If you're looking to mine as an investment then this may be the best option available to purchase right now.
Finally, I would like to introduce you to a Mining Contract that I don't see mentioned much, although in full disclosure *I* stand to gain from this one: Pyramining.  (Don't be put off by the name; it has a pyramid structure to reward recruiting but is not a pyramid scheme--you make a nice return without recruiting anyone and new deposits are not used to pay off parent accounts).  Essentially, people send money to the operator who uses it to buy and operate mining hardware.  Mining payout is given to the depositors in proportion to their deposits until a 10% return has been paid on all deposits for that account, as well as any other rewards that account may have.  As future investors deposit BTC the cluster gains a higher hash rate and everyone benefits from it.  
The pool operator claims to be deploying ASIC hardware presently that is boosting his operation up to about 2.5 TH/s (it's at about 1.1 TH/s right now, largely in FPGA technology).  Presently the account completion times are looking a little bit long, but as the ASICs are deployed the time will shorten.  It may not be the fastest return, but the operator seems to usually be willing to help the users of his service.  You should be aware, though, that BTC invested in this service are not available to be withdrawn.  I believe the website is still referral only; if, after educating yourself on all of your options, you decide you want to give it a try feel free to PM me for a referral link.  Pyramining accepts deposits of just about any size, so you can always split up an investment, even if just to keep things interesting.
I will say, having a small investment with Pyramining, it feels nice to know that I have about 1 GH/s working for me 24/7 without ever having to worry about it, deal with heat or noise, respond to outages, do maintenance, etc.  I sacrifice some return rate, I'm sure, for this convenience, but I'm comfortable with this exchange--when I used to mine on my 2 GPUs on the computer that I keep in my room it would get uncomfortably hot and loud.
To more directly answer the questions of your post:
* GPU mining is dead.  You seem to imply that they are the most powerful devices in terms of Hash/s, but that is not the case.  ASICs are faster *and* lower power.  A 7990 may outstrip a USB Block Erupter, but that's hardly a fair comparison.
* Not all ASICs are USB based.  The ASIC Miner blades, for example, have a controller built in.  Most of the popular ASICs are USB based, though, especially the Block Erupter USB sticks.  
* To run a USB miner you need a computer, preferably one running some form of Linux, that will be on 24/7.  Raspberry Pis are popular for this; I have an old laptop that mines Primecoin with its CPU while some erupters do their thing.  You'll need software; cgminer and bfgminer are capable of running pretty much any of the ASICs out there.  Finally, if you're using the Block Erupter USB Sticks, you'll need a good USB hub that can supply 500-510 mA per port.  Many hubs start to fail when all ports are populated, even when they have external power.  Directly plugging one Erupter into a USB port can be fine, but you run the risk of drawing too much current from the port and having it either shut off or fry.  You'll also want cooling, as the USB sticks get hot enough to cook on.
* There is nothing "After" ASIC even remotely on the horizon right now.  Unlike CPUs, GPUs, and FPGAs which can all be programmed, Application Specific Integrated Circuits are purpose designed and built pieces of hardware that can do one thing and one thing only, but they do it *fast* and with almost no energy.  The only thing after ASICs is better ASICs (although quantum computing may be faster, but that's another overly-wordy post).
Sorry for the wall of text.  Happy investing!
@_date: 2013-08-29 21:52:36
If I have a dollar and I can give the dollar to you but still have the dollar in my wallet then the value of that dollar is zero.  At the heart of a currency system is the fact that in order to give a unit of currency to someone else you have to lose it.
With physical currencies (gold, silver, even paper money) that property is protected by the fact that you give up a physical item that represents the currency.
With centralized digital currencies (such as in bank accounts) there is some singe authority that makes sure that when someone else's bank account goes up in value yours goes down by an appropriate amount, and who makes sure that the sending account has available funds.
In Bitcoin there is no central authority to keep track of who gives money to whom, but it is easy enough to look at all of the transactions and to find the appropriate value for each account, provided that everyone is working with the same set of transactions.
That's where the issue of double spending comes into play.  I can create two transactions from my account, one that goes to you and one that goes back to me, and they can both be valid transactions individually, while they are invalid if you try to include both (i.e. you can have your BTC or you can spend your BTC, but you can't do both).  If I release both of these transactions to the network then someone has to figure out which one gets accepted and which one gets rejected.
That is the job the miners do.  They look at all of the transactions that are being published and they combine large collections of transactions into blocks.  These blocks are used to form the blockchain, which is just an ordered list of blocks.  Some powerful math is in place to ensure that one cannot work on a block ahead of time (e.g. you cannot work on the 1,000,000th block if the network is on the 200,000th block).  When a miner builds a block they are limited by the fact that they are not allowed to put conflicting transactions into it, and no transaction can conflict with any previous transaction in an earlier block.  Thus, if I've published two transactions that conflict with each other, the first one into a block is valid and the other one is invalid.
That gets most of the way there, but one can ask what happens if I, the person releasing the conflicting transactions, try to publish blocks that serve my purpose.  To thwart that attack it is made to be very difficult for any individual to add a block to the blockchain.  They must find a solution to a very hard math problem.  It should be pointed out that solving this problem is much like a lottery--you guess numbers until you win--although unlike a lottery it can have a positive EV.  This means that a fast computer has an advantage over a slow computer, but it means that the slow computer will still win occasionally (as opposed to a math problem that just takes a long time to solve, which the fastest computer should always win).  The whole network of miners works together to add blocks to the blockchain such that an attacker would have to have more computing power than everyone else combined in order to exert his will on the blockchain.
Everyone putting all of this effort into securing the blockchain is using a lot of resources, though, which a rational, economically motivated individual is unlikely to do.  To offset this they are rewarded with coins from two sources:  first, there are new coins that are put into circulation.  This is the mechanism by which all bitcoins are issued.  Second, they are paid small fees by each person who sends a transaction; these fees are each individually very small, but ultimately they are intended to add up to a significant amount and take over as the primary source of income for the miners.
Given that, the question becomes "is it worth it to mine?"  Pretty overwhelmingly the answer to that is "no" right now.  If you happen to have highly specialized ASIC hardware then it is worth the electricity to run them, and I think some FPGA units are still cost effective to *run,* but almost nothing is cost effective to buy right now.  If you happen to have free electricity then perhaps you can make a few cents per month, but it's highly questionable whether that's even worth it.  Even the fairly cheap Block Erupter USB miners from ASIC Miner are unlikely to make a return over their lifetime.  If you want to mine as a hobby or as a not-cost-effective way to get BTC then you can, but mining for profit is not really viable right now.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:04:30
That post was not even the first one on Reddit (although it was the most upvoted, admittedly).  The bigger push was on the bitcoin talk forums which see far more traffic than this subreddit, but the movement was distributed through the Bitcoin community, of which is only a portion.
Also, the chart in the post you reference was largely influenced by a very lucky day for BTCGuild more than them actually having a substantially higher hash rate then or a lower one now.
@_date: 2013-03-22 05:39:49
Furthermore, it would not be sufficient for a mining group to own 51% and to not include any low-transaction-fee blocks.  Eventually, someone in the &lt;49% of miners would get a block, and if they accept all transactions then the low fee transaction could be included in one of those blocks.  This would just lead to a delay in the time it takes for a transaction to occur, and this delay is based on how much of the hashing power of the network is willing to accept your transaction.  Something similar to this was observed briefly during the recent fork (I sent some coins while that was happening and they were not included for several blocks, as their fee was quite low).
The only thing a 51% attacker could really do to *enforce* the transaction fee is to orphan those blocks that go against the attacker's wishes.  This would quickly destroy bitcoin, but is awefully unlikely in the foreseeable future, especially once ASIC deployment improves.
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:18:55
Small correction:  Petahashes, not Terahashes.  The current network speed is around 3,200 TH/s.  
@_date: 2013-04-09 21:06:58
A petahash is 1,000,000,000,000 hashes per second, while a petaflop is 1,000,000,000,000 *floating point operations per second.*  The former is well defined while the latter has somewhat of an arbitrary, changing definition.  FLOPS is a good metric for a supercomputer used for scientific research, since that tends to need floating point (i.e. non-whole) numbers, but hashes use only integer operations.  A computer could very well get orders of magnitude more integer operations per second than FLOPS, but a hash is many dozen if not hundreds of interger operations.  A 1 petaflop computer is likely far from being able to push 1 petahash.
@_date: 2013-11-20 09:11:19
In theory, yes we could have a system to recognize when someone is trying to game the system.  However, this can be quite difficult to do, since Bitcoin is 100% open source, which makes it easy for people to go in and find any weakness that the detection method has.  
For example, if the algorithm looks for lots of transactions of similar sizes then an attacker could vary the transaction size.  If it looks for transactions to the same address then the attacker just sends to a variety of different addresses.  The only simple and effective countermeasures are to look for things that we know are directly either good or bad, not just indicators.  For example, a completely empty block when there is a long queue of high-priority transactions is objectively bad--it's a miner who isn't doing his job and who shouldn't be paid for his work (in my opinion).  By comparison it's hard to filter for things like destination address or transaction size since they only indicate the goodness or badness of a block without actually being an important measurement. 
We're seeing similar things with looking at transaction fees--it is difficult to set up an automatic system for figuring out what a fair fee should be since that requires making public rules that can be analyzed and abused.  With all of the intellectual talent working on Bitcoin I'm sure that a solution will be found eventually.  I expect we'll see similar things with block acceptance rules.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:52:42
What is driving the growth of the adoption of Bitcoin, though?  In most recent times it is a mixture of speculation and a desire to get away from banks.  The use of Bitcoins for doing day-to-day transactions is slow growing.  Even in e-commerce where the growth has been the best it is driven by only a handful of things:  irreversibility and *low transaction costs.*
When/if the network tries to outgrow the capacity of relatively inexpensive hardware the transaction fees will go up, which will slow down the rate of adoption.  Centralized payment processors actually have an inherent advantage here:  they only have to keep one central record (and a handful of backups) in order to run their processing service.  This is much less overhead than thousands of decentralized nodes.  If bitcoin can't compete in its transaction costs then it should not be expected to be a strong competitor for transactions.  That doesn't mean that it won't still grow as a store of value, but there are other media of exchange that outperform Bitcoin in a number of ways.
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:49:04
I prefer the EFF approach to Bitcoin.  They didn't go out of their way to advertise that they are accepting Bitcoin and they released a statement to the effect of "We now accept Bitcoin donations.  We also accept donations by Visa, Western Union, etc.  None of these things expresses an endorsement of any of these payment systems."
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:50:51
I'm not saying it's your *fault*.  I'm not saying that your nation's government is correct, just, legitimate, or uncorrupt in any way--I don't know your government.
I'm saying that a contract can be entered without signing it, and I'm saying that many people are perfectly happy to accept every benefit that they can get from the government while decrying taxes as violent coercion (or even just outright evading the taxes on moral grounds).  I'm saying that those people are not self-consistent (and, in the parenthetical case, are outright thieves who should be treated as such).
If you want to make every reasonable effort to minimize your dependence on the state--go to private schools, use private roads as you are able, buy goods from unsubsidized sources, etc--then I, personally, don't have a problem with you not paying a dime of taxes (the IRS or equivalent agency may have a different opinion, and you can take that up with them).  But if you make no effort or a half-hearted effort to minimize your dependence on the state then you have an obligation to accept the fine print in the contract you voluntarily entered into.  How much effort constitutes "every reasonable effort" is, of course, context dependent.  If you were born into absolute poverty then there's not a whole lot you can do--but then again, the system is set up so that those in poverty aren't as likely to be the ones complaining about the flow of value between them and the government.
@_date: 2013-08-09 15:11:49
A wallet cannot send funds without some access to the internet in some way--to send funds you have to release a transaction to the network.  You could use a smartphone in this way to *receive* funds, but that doesn't seem overly useful.
This could be made to work if there were some way to show a QR code of a *signed* transaction, such that another device could scan it and release it without any knowledge of the private key associated with it.  I don't think any wallets can do this, but it would be a nice feature for this usage case.
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:22:54
I replied to ~~above~~ edit: below.  Fair warning:  it's long.
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:46:30
The variance you get with a mining pool of less than 10% really isn't that high, though.  It's just high compared to bigger pools.  If your pool has 10% of the global hash rate and the difficulty is well adjusted then you should expect about 1 of every 10 blocks, or a block about every 100 minutes.  Sure, some will take more and some will take less, but the probability of going even a single day without a payout is pretty much zero (it would be at 14.4 on the bottom graph on [this]( page).  If you can't handle a day without payment then maybe mining isn't for you, or maybe you should just go with a PPS pool.
@_date: 2013-03-25 21:24:03
1,000,000 is, unsurprisingly, larger than Bitocin can expect to see in the next several decades.  Even Visa has a peak throughput on the order or 10,000 TPS.
With that, it is worth looking at how storage has trended over the past and to compare that to how we can expect both storage and Bitcoin to grow in the coming decades.  Even if they both continue exponentially for quite some time, the entire blockchain will fit on consumer hardware without major investment for a long time.  Bitcoin adoption can only exponentially grow for some time, up to the population of the world, while storage will likely surpass those requirements.
Now, to get to a point where Bitcoin can be adopted at that scale, it will be necessary for a few substantial changes to take place (this is by design, to prevent an attack that balloons the network, like the one described), but it is reasonable to expect that the network will continue to be able to handle the transaction volume as it grows.  There are a lot of really intelligent and dedicated developers involved with the Bitcoin project, and they have a roadmap for how to deal with scalability issues as they arise.
If you're interested in reading more about the scalability of the Bitcoin network, you can read [this]( article.
@_date: 2013-08-23 12:09:37
*AND* if that proves to not be enough divisibility, more decimal places can always be added via hard fork in the future.  The only real hard cap to the divisibility of Bitcoin is the memory of computers, and even that cap is pretty squishy. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 08:02:54
The difficulty *must* matter, though.
Look at it this way:  If I was able to strike a deal with every miner in the world where they would all agree to turn off half of their mining equipment while I turn off 1/4 of my mining equipment, do I come out ahead?  (let's ignore new equipment coming online for the time being)
In the short term the answer is no, of course not.  I've lost 1/4 of my mining power and the difficulty is the same so I've lost 1/4 of my revenue.  Other miners are even worse off--they lost half their revenue.  Everyone loses.
However, in the long term the difficulty will readjust.  If I was a relatively small portion of the network then the difficulty will roughly half.  Thus, I'll have a revenue of ~2 \* 3/4 of my original revenue, or about 1.5 times what I had before hand (slightly less).  Meanwhile the other miners will have ~2 \* 1/2 of their original revenue, or almost the same (they aren't affected much if I was a small portion of the network; the actual value is just under 100% of their original).
Your method is not the optimal one.  It fails because it uses a "Greedy heuristic."  This approach is a simple approach to optimization that often yields near-optimal results but not necessarily perfectly optimal results.  It works by optimizing for the best possible outcome *right now* without any regard for future performance.  
At any point if everyone turns on their mining equipment (in my example) or if the greedy miner stops using the greedy strategy then they will make more BTC/day *right then.*  However, over the long term if the greedy miner wants to maximize his gains then he should focus on having the largest percentage of blocks--the block rate will self-regulate.  Returning to honest mining will only boost his income temporarily. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 01:03:05
Mining is a good term only for the purpose of explaining how coins come into existence.  You have demonstrated that with the parallels to Gold.  However, this does nothing to describe the "miners' " role of securing the network--this is emphasized by the fact that nowhere in your 5 paragraph description of mining did you mention it.  Mining is not about issuing new Bitcoins; it is about securing the network.  The block generation reward happens to solve the problem of finding an equitable way to distribute the initial coins, but mining is the core of "proof of work."  To describe that I think it's useful to draw parallels between the lengths the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (USA; other countries have their own agencies, obviously) goes to in order to make counterfeiting difficult.  The miners do a lot of work to secure the network such that someone trying to do fraudulent things has to do *at least* that much work.
To me it all depends on how far down the rabbit hole you want to go with the uninitiated.  If you stick with "mining" and the gold analogy then you are limited to explaining hashing only in terms of currency creation, which casts it in a negative light--"why do wee need to generate more currency?  Why not just use what we have now (it's highly divisible, right?) and stop that waste of energy?"
It is more accurate to describe the miners as auditors or accountants--or perhaps as some analog to the Secret Service, which handles all counterfeiting investigation.  Miners don't exist just to "find" new BTC to use; they secure the network and are rewarded for that activity by the block reward and the voluntary transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-06-04 00:15:20
You could get essentially that same functionality by keeping those bitcoins on a smartphone wallet and transferring them over shortly before you need to spend them.  If they only need 1 confirmation then you could even do this, for example, between sitting down at a restaurant and paying for your meal.
Not ideal, I'll grant you, but it's hardly a primary concern.  Also, I'm not sure that the reverse setup has a similar workaround (i.e. card stores value in BTC but you want to keep the value denominated in USD).  I'm not saying that you would necessarily *want* the value denominated in USD, but at least this way gives you the choice via an easy workaround. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 06:22:59
It's things like this that really leave me in awe of modern computers.
As an addendum, this math is just to make the public key, as you alluded to--the private key is randomly chosen.  The public key is not the address, though--that takes a handful of rounds of SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160 (3 rounds of SHA-256, 1 of RIPEMD-160).  After the ECC hand-calculations this should be comparatively easy, though.
For reference, the address algorithm is (taken from [this]( page):
* Take the public key and run it through SHA256
* Take that result and run it through RIPEMD-160
* Put a version byte in the front (0x00 for main network), and save this value (let's call it "temp")
* Take SHA256(SHA256(output of previous step))
* Address is the temp + final 4 bytes of the output of the previous step (note: the "+" is concatenation, not addition here)
* Typically the address is shown in Base58, so convert the address to this form. 
@_date: 2013-08-23 23:25:58
There is absolutely nothing to prevent miners from rejecting transactions for not including sufficient mining fees, which is necessary for the system to work:  the only reason why Bitcoin is secure is because a lot of real resources (time, hardware, electricity) are destroyed in the mining process.  The people destroying those resources are compensated by the network, and that compensation is directly proportional to the level of security the network has.  If miners were not allowed to reject low-fee transactions then Bitcoin would be subject to the tragedy of the commons--the best move for the individual (not paying fees) is bad for the whole.
I should point out, though, that the situation gets trickier when you start looking at miners trying to completely reject transactions.  If a few miners decide to ignore transactions that have low fees then those transactions will just take longer to get their first confirmation (we already see some of this, though it could get worse).  After that first confirmation, though, most miners will work to build off of the block that contains the low-fee transaction, so subsequent confirmations will roll in as if the transaction had had substantial fees.
The 51% attack that you describe, however, would require that miners look at the transactions in a previous block and then refuse to build off of it if it contains any offensive transactions (i.e. attempt to orphan it).  This is valid behavior according to the protocol, and there's not really anything to stop it.  It would, however, require substantial coordination among miners, and the only result is that fees would become mandatory.  I don't expect to see this type of a situation in the foreseeable future.
I would like to say, though, that it is because of things like this that I assert that Bitcoin is owned by the miners.  If you want to do your part in taking control of this currency and keeping it decentralized then you *must* buy mining hardware.  That's not to say that you should invest lots of money foolishly in the first ASIC to hit store shelves, but if you just use Bitcoin and don't mine then you have exchanged a government controlled currency for a currency controlled by (eventually) mining corporations; for some that is enough, but I feel it is vital to keep the control of the currency in the hands of the masses.
@_date: 2013-09-12 01:51:06
Cryptography is all about data.  Data on a computer is just ones and zeros, and those ones and zeros can be interpreted as large numbers.  To execute a secure exchange you use a system with a system of asymmetric keys (i.e. a different key is used to encrypt and decrypt the data; this is vital for something like Bitcoin, otherwise you would have to reveal your key to spend coins, making all addresses necessarily disposable, instead of just being recommended to be disposable).  These keys should have a few properties:
* There exists some function, F, such that F(private key, data) = encrypted data 1, for all private keys in the keyspace
* There exists some function, G, such that G(public key, data) = encrypted data 2, for all public keys in the keyspace
* There exists some function, H, such that H(private key, encrypted data **2**) = data, for the private key that pairs with the public key
* There exists some function, J, such that J(public key, encrypted data **1**) = data, for the public key paired with the private key
* There exists some function, K, such that K(private key) = pubic key, for all private keys in the keyspace
* There *does not exist* a function L, such that L(public key) = private key, or such a function is prohibitively expensive (a finite keyspace and the existence of K proves that L exists, but it is typically a brute force approach)
* There *does not exist* a function, M, such that M(encrypted data 1 or 2) = data, or such a function is prohibitively expensive
There have been a few asymmetric key cryptographic schemes developed over the years.  Perhaps the most famous is RSA.  RSA is based on some facts about modular exponentiation (raising a number to an exponent, then dividing it by a modulus and taking the remainder).  ECC gets the same job done by using a class of curves known as Elliptic curves.  In this context any graph is a curve--y = x is a curve, y = tan(x) is a curve, x^2 + y^2 = 1 is a (circular) curve, and y = x^3 -2x^2 + 4x -7 is also a curve; none of those are *elliptic* curves.  Elliptic curves are written in the form y^2 = x^3 + ax + b.
By fixing a and b to be constants one can use a pair of points on a curve and come up with the required functions above.  The question then becomes *what do we set a and b to equal?*  For a system like this the conventional wisdom is to use completely random numbers, like the output of a hashing function.  This is because it's possible (and has even been shown) that some curves are way too weak--function L or M exists and is fast.  The curve that is widely in use was claimed to have "random" numbers chosen for a and b, but those numbers were chosen by the NSA and cannot be verified to be random.  The curve in use for Bitcoin has a and b chosen for speed of encryption/decryption.  This is not as good of news as finding that the Bitcoin curve uses provably random numbers, but it's certainly better than just using numbers that the NSA provided and claimed were good.
(Aside:  I may have an error on exactly which numbers it is in an elliptic curve that the NSA has specified, but the gist of the description should still be accurate)
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:25:14
One of the confusing parts of the question "what is a wallet" is that the word is used to mean different things.  A wallet *application,* like Electrum, Armory, or the default QT client, is a program that you run.  That program will make a wallet *file*, which is a list of public and private keys.  
@_date: 2013-08-24 00:20:50
It doesn't take Moore's law into consideration, but Moore's law can only do so much work towards moving the date up, since the difficulty can adjust so harshly (up to 4x in a difficulty retarget).  Even right now, during one of the sharpest rises in difficulty ever we are still sitting at over 5 minutes per block.  In a year or two I bet a 10% increase in difficulty will make headlines. I doubt that we will reach the issuance of the last Satoshi much prior to 2120 (and I doubt Bitcoin will be around by then).
Quantum computing *might* pose some additional threat to the hash based proof-of-work system (shameless plug for Primecoin which is not hash based!), but the biggest threat I've seen someone come up with for breaking the security of a hash based proof-of-work system is Grover's algorithm, which computes a preimage explicitly, but requires O(N^1/2 ) time to complete.  This is still sufficient "work" that one can prove they are doing, so I don't think that quantum computers will ever really cause hashing to be obsolete, at least in the foreseeable future (They *might* replace ASICs, but not for many decades).  Quantum computers are a much bigger threat to ECC.
@_date: 2013-04-05 08:35:55
As soon as BTCGuild hits 50 percent the mining community is going to freak out and flock to other pools.  This actually happened a long time ago (I don't recall which pool it was or exactly when).  A pool hit just over 50% and people saw it and were like "This is bad," so they went to other pools.  No hassle, no sweat, no attacks.
Now that we have so many more people in the community I worry that there might be a mass panic, so I think it's worth looking into exactly what an individual can do with over 50% of the hashing power.  Pretty much all of the attacks require a continuous 51% of the network--as soon as you lose your majority the attack stops.  Those attacks would be very short lived and would kill the pool far faster than they would kill the network.  Also, note that the miners are expecting regular profits and to see blocks regularly mined by the pool.  It would be nearly impossible (especially with a narrow majority, like 52%) to come up with the resources for things like a offline fork of the blockchain that is used to execute a double spending attack, without the pool members noticing something weird.  At best, the pool operator (or other attacker who has hacked the pool) could probably execute a single double spending attack with a handful of blocks.  Such a serious attack would require quite a large purchase to be worth the risks involved, and many large purchases can be reversed by legal recourse.  At any rate, the damage would be limited to the merchant(s) ripped off by the scammer--less than the losses of major sites being hacked.
My point here is not that a 51% pool is an OK thing to have.  My point is that in the future when and if BTCGuild hits 51% you shouldn't panic, not just because the pool manager is a good person who wants to see Bitcoin grow, but also because the attacks that *could* be executed are limited in scope and effect.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:27:24
You might want to add Bitcoin to the Payment section of the Store Policies.  I see you have a button higher on the page, but it would be good to add it at the bottom, too. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:53:12
I'm surprised more people haven't picked up on the fact that yes, we are in the early stages of a bubble.  I'm surprised this one is so close to the last one.  Looking at charts it seems that less than a week ago the price was under 140 USD/BTC, but now we're toying with 200 USD/BTC.  China may have been the catalyst behind this rise, but I'm sure there's plenty of speculation going on.  I find it hard to believe that over the last week people suddenly came to the realization that they ought to get into Bitcoin, such that the price jumped about 50%.  
Strap into your seats, boys, it's gonna be a fun ride!
@_date: 2013-06-08 08:24:40
It depends on a lot of things.  If the first transaction happens to get to a miner and into a block before the second is sent then it will be the one succeeds, but that is unlikely since the transactions could be sent pretty close together in time.
If a miner hears of both transactions then they can freely choose between them for any reason--literally any reason.  They could choose one because it was first, second, higher fee, lower fee, or because it happened to arrive at a time that had a number of seconds that was divisible by three.  You cannot control the miners, but you can predict their behavior probabilistically.
If a miner hears both transactions, I would expect them to accept either the one with the larger fee (self interested miner) or the one that they receive first (miner interested in choosing the more likely to be honest action).  Once it gets to this point it's really a crap shoot, but my money is on the higher fee transaction being chosen.
It's more complicated than that, though.  In order for the transaction to get to the miner it has to make it through the network.  For normal transactions this propagation is pretty fast--most of the network will know of a transaction within less than a minute, from what I've seen (someone with more accurate information is welcome to refine that estimate).  If a transaction is non-standard, though, many nodes will not forward it.  I'm not certain, but I believe that such a double spend transaction would be considered non-standard.  As such, it would have a really hard time finding its way through the network, and would be at a marked disadvantage against the first, honest transaction when it comes to being included in a block.
**tl;dr** Probably the double spending transaction wouldn't make it, unless you were creative about how/when you released the transactions.  There's no guarantee of which transaction would win, though.
@_date: 2013-10-22 06:07:06
Note: if you do this, make sure that the USB stick is clean of malware--USB sticks are a fairly common infection vector for many types of virus.  Wallet-stealing viruses would probably fail on an air-gapped system, but if the virus manages to brick the whole computer then it doesn't really matter to you whether your bitcoins are lost or stolen. (although lost coins could more realistically be recovered) 
It would be wise to disable autoplay for the offline computer.  Probably just paranoid on top of the air gap and truecrypt, but one can never be too safe
@_date: 2013-08-19 22:11:11
Holy crap that is a shittastic website design.  Seriously, what the hell?
Yes, no shit the prices at Gox are higher... because they aren't selling BTC for USD--they're selling BTC for Gox Fun Bucks, which unsurprisingly aren't worth as much as USD that you can actually get your hands on.
A one sentence explanation gets everything you need to explain what's happening at Gox.  No need to "Read More" *twice*.  I cannot honestly believe that you think that this website is designed well.  If you're going to post a link, make it to a halfway decent website.  Even if you had posted directly to the original source instead of 3 layers deep it still isn't a good story.
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:19:42


I guess it's fair that Bitcoin has had several major viral periods (one of which we're in right now).  I really think that having a better website or two would really help, especially a good wiki and a site that explains in more detail how exactly Ripple works, and the forums could use some work.  It took me entirely too long to find more information on Ripple than what is on ripple.org, which is really woefully insufficient for what I would want before starting to use a new transfer of value system.
As for the debt points, it's not that I'm against all debt in all forms.  Debt is a powerful tool, but with great power comes great responsibility.  I have seen that with great numbers of people comes great irresponsibility--none of us is as dumb as all of us.  That is why I like bitcoin but am squeamish about Ripple--it is only possible to have a bitcoin debt by using something outside of the bitcoin protocol (i.e. a brick and mortar bank denoted in bitcoin; certainly a long way off, but not absurd in concept).  Ripple, on the other hand, transfers value through debt.  An intermediate node on a value path can very well own and owe debt due to a 3rd party's actions--this 3rd party may be known to neither the owner nor the ower of the debt!  That concept rubs me the wrong way, and is why I consider Ripple a system built on debt.
@_date: 2013-03-24 17:30:30
The ASICs that are designed for bitcoin are really, really specialized for doing the double round SHA 256 hashing algorithm.  As I understand that algorithm, it's not really that valuable for encrypting a hard drive, since there is no way to un-hash the drive.
The real key, though, is just how fast these machines run at.  The Avalon ASICS run at 60+ GHash/s.  I would challenge you to find something other than Bitocin that can feed an ASIC that fast.  Hard drives aren't going to do it--you would need a 100+ drive RAID before you could even begin to approach that kind of data throughput.  Even processors would have a hard time with that; since they run at the 2-5 GHz range you're looking at probably hundreds of cores to be able to prepare the data for one ASIC.
At the end of the day, there is no viable reason to use a Bitcoin ASIC (that I am aware of), simply because the Bitcoin ASICs are so darn fast and feeding them with data would be nearly impossible.  Perhaps there is a server environment where this is not the case (i.e. feeding the ASIC straight from RAM), but you are going to have major bottlenecking with the ASIC interface, be that USB, WIFI, Ethernet, etc.  This is on top of the fact that there is plenty of interface to get past for ASICs like the Avalons since they were purpose built for mining Bitcoins.
For my money, any application that takes *that much* SHA-256 will probably be better served with GPGPU computing, or possibly with their own AISC if it is sufficiently large-scale.  
@_date: 2013-03-26 08:30:41
Gold lost most of its "value" in 1980; that is where the mediocrity comes from.  A currency with a good store of value should not have enormous price crashes like that.  Over the long term, gold is one of the safest investments, but over the short term even fiat is less risky, *especially* during bubbles.
@_date: 2013-08-10 06:26:05


If by inflation and deflation you mean the increase and decrease of the size of the money supply, there is only ever inflation, and it happens at a certain rate.  New coins are issued to miners at a predefined rate.  In the case of Bitcoin it started at 50 BTC per block and has since dropped to 25; more on that later.  There's 1 block about every 10 minutes, which means that you can easily calculate the long term effect on money supply.  Once issued, Bitcoins pass around from person to person and are never "destroyed," but they can be "lost," which is pretty much the same thing.  If you have a wallet that has bitcoins and you irrecoverably delete it, those bitcoins can never be recovered.
If by inflation and deflation you mean increase and decrease in purchasing power, that's just good old fashioned supply and demand.  Demand can be from government seizing citizens' bank accounts or it can be a great new shop opening up and accepting Bitcoin.  Supply was already covered.


No, but that's not going to be a problem for a long time.  There are only ever going to be 21 million bitcoins minted, but it won't be until estimated 2140 that the last Satoshi is issued.  When miners mine, they are rewarded for their efforts with fresh coins as well as fees willingly chipped in by people sending transactions (miners are mining to confirm transactions to prevent people from "double spending").  In the beginning, each block was set to have a 50 BTC subsidy of new coins, plus any transaction fees included.  Around last November, if I recall correctly, the subsidy was halved to 25 BTC.  This halving of the mining subsidy will continue, roughly every 4 years; the result of this is that over time the subsidy will make up less and less of the mining reward, while transaction fees will make up more and more.  
Right now the typical transaction fees are trivially small; hopefully, in the future, there will be enough commerce in Bitcoin that transaction fees can continue to be small, but it is possible that the network will require more security than that allows and higher fees will be necessary.  Only time will tell.
As to "old BTC," they are passed around.  Once a bitcoin is minted it stays in circulation.  If it is lost then the money supply goes down (see: supply and demand for effects).  Other than that I don't understand the question.  Bitcoin is not a physical currency so there is nothing at all wrong with old Bitcoins continuing to ciruclate--there is no wear.


Why does anyone have to issue BTC?  They are not physical goods, so there is no need for anyone to "have" them to issue them.  I think to fully explore this you need to better understand what the mining is actually doing.  The whole need for mining in the first place is to prevent a double spend.  In short, if I have 10 BTC and I give them to you, I can't then turn around and say that I give them to Joe--that would be spending the same coins twice, and if this were easy then the currency has no value--having 1 BTC would be the same as having 1,000,000,000 BTC.
To solve that problem there has to be a way to figure out which of the two previous transactions (to you and to Joe) is valid.  The intuition is to use the one that happens first, but it is difficult to prove which one happens first, but that turns out to be a very difficult thing to determine.  The solution that Bitcoin uses is the blockchain.  This is a chain of ordered "blocks," where each block is just a group of transactions.  When a block is added to the chain (by a miner) it must not contain any transaction that conflicts with the transactions in earlier blocks (or itself).  That means that only one of the two conflicting transactions makes it into a block.  That starts to solve the problem, but now the problem is "what happens if two people try to add blocks that contain different transactions?"  Or, more to the point, what's to prevent me from executing attacks and releasing blocks that are fraudulent.
This gets into the idea of "proof of work," which is central to mining.  In short, it makes adding a block to the block chain *really flipping hard.*  This means that any individual, like me, can't go and add a blocks that reverse or change transactions that I had sent.  In order to add a block to the chain you have to find a solution to a math problem--the hash--which is hard.  Note that this isn't a single big problem, though.  It's a special form of problem where potential solutions are a dime a dozen (or a dime a dozen trillion, in this case), but *working* solutions are incredibly rare.  
This problem is in the form of a cryptographic hash function, which is an interesting topic to read about.  In short, it is impossible to figure out the output for an input without carrying out an expensive calculation, and it is impossible to find the input that gave an output except by guessing random inputs.  This is akin to me asking you to find a starting point in the decimal representation of pi such that the numbers 8675309 appear in that order.  Finding possible solutions is as simple as counting, but finding a working solution (9,202,591, by the way) requires checking many, many possible solutions.  In this way, nobody has to issue the problem for miners to solve--they can all generate the problem for themselves.  Furthermore, by some cryptographic wizardry, everyone has a different problem to solve, so it's not like a race--slow computers can win sometimes, albeit less often.


Bitcoin is all digital, and people don't trust their computers.  There have been a lot of Bitcoins stolen from people with insecure computers, and this type of device appeals to the paranoid crowd (which is larger than average in the Bitcoin community).  An encrypted, backed-up wallet on a secure computer should be good enough for most purposes, but you should match your security (from loss *and* theft) to your investment.
I hope I've cleared up some points, but you seem pretty new to the topic and there are sure to be more questions raised.  Bitcoin is a pretty deep rabbit hole, but once you understand all of the nooks and crannies you start to see a poetic beauty with how everything fits together to form a really well-thought-out currency.  If you have more questions, either ask in a reply, PM, or in another post--lots of us love to help out newcomers like you.
@_date: 2013-12-12 03:55:51
You don't have a viable system based on your description.  If you are holding unencrypted wallets then you are a major central point of failure and a massive target for thieves.  Someone interested in cold storage would not be interested in this system--they may as well just use an online wallet that holds their keys for them.
If you are holding encrypted wallets then your clients must hold the decryption ability.  If they are able to securely store the decryption ability then that is an indication that they are able to securely store their wallet.  You've added nothing to this user base.
Your system doesn't add any real value to the customer.
@_date: 2013-09-10 07:25:17
You know, the most convincing part of this confession is the account being &lt;1 hour old.  This post is totally, completely, 110% genuine, and I believe every single word.  Yep, every one of them, especially the "mumbled" in the third paragraph--it strikes a special chord in my heart.
I especially like the part where your username suddenly gained awareness by sprouting the extra "I."  If your username can't stand up and take command of its actions then how can we?  It is truly inspirational.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:42:06
"In two weeks."  
@_date: 2013-03-30 06:40:04
Excellent.  To confess, I wrote that post as harshly as I did in order to attract someone like you--an honest believer in the system.  I am far from believing that Ripple is a conspiracy, scam, or anything nearly that bad.  I just think it's based on some principles that do not lend themselves to being a good system for moving value.  I lead with "I am open to change my position" in the hopes that you or someone like you would step up to the plate and attempt to do just that.


Fair point.  I rescind that complaint.


If you don't want to write on it, that's fair.  ~~Could you point me in the direction where I could read on it?  All I've seen is a website that looks like it is selling an idea that is in the earliest stages of development (i.e. Bitcoin 2 years ago or earlier) and a forum with 1 section.  I would love to understand what makes "consensus" secure (or why it doesn't need to be).~~
I've found their [wiki]( page on the topic.  It seems like a reasonable approach, and I'll accept that only a conspiracy would allow such a (moderately) centralized system to be broken.  One must admit that Bitcoin is *more* secure, but I'll accept that Ripple is secure enough from a protocol standpoint.


A reasonable view, but I don't think that it fully addresses the points in my original paragraph of flaws I could see with Ripple (implicit trust being assumed with chains).  I would welcome a deeper discussion on that point.


Perhaps it isn't, but it's the biggest selling point I've seen.  I'll write you a blank check on this one:  Sell me on Ripple.  If you can show the benefits of Ripple then I will go and download the client on the spot and start trying it out for myself.  I am not fundamentally against Ripple--I just haven't seen a reasonable justification for why I should use it.  I was the same way when I first found out about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:33:39
This unwittingly couples market speculation with day-to-day commerce, then makes what some may equate to the gambler's fallacy (X has happened in the past, so it is more likely to happen in the future).
In you example of the $100 item on Craig's list, why doesn't the person just sell for $75 in USD then buy $75 worth of BTC?  Doing it this way more obviously decouples the two separate actions that are implicitly going on.  Sure, there would be a fee to convert your USD to BTC would take up a bit of the $25 difference, but hey, Bitcoin has to keep going up, right?
Wrong.  Well, at least not demonstrably right, which makes the certainty used in the statement wrong.  There is **no guarantee** that Bitcoin is going to go up.  If there were then it would be the hottest investment on the planet.  If you honestly believe that it is a guarantee, sell off now because you will get burned the day that that turns out to be false.  Over the long run Bitcoin is likely to go up, probably, maybe.  Anyone claiming much more certainty than that is either a fortune teller, a time traveler, or full of crap.
In general, merchants are in the business of selling their good or service, not speculating on a volatile currency.  The mindset that you propose is a gambler's mindset, and too much gambling makes for an unstable economy--it goes great while the gambler's assumption holds, then crashes when it fails; see the housing crash.  If a merchant wants to take the risk of speculating in the Bitcoin market then they are welcome to, but logically they ought to price the product pretty close to the same cost in USD and BTC then convert to the holding currency of their choice immediately after the sale.  Any difference in the price should be explainable with the effort, fees, and potential losses to volatility that occur when converting from the less preferred to the more preferred currency.
@_date: 2013-08-08 20:31:37
PS3s are not going to be even *remotely* profitable at Bitcoin mining, even if you're getting them for free, unless you get infinite free electricity (which most dorms have to some extent, but there's only so much power you can pipe into a dorm room, and cooling is going to be a pain).  
The PS3 has an old processor (by processor standards) and simply won't stand up against current ASICs.  Nice idea, but it won't make a profit.
@_date: 2013-07-09 00:02:28
Sufficiently low to be a non-issue.  I don't have a sufficient math background to formally prove this, but I can throw some numbers around that tend to suggest it.  I assume (correct me if I'm wrong, anyone) that the hash of the block is 256 bits, which places it in the range of being up to 1.16 \* 10^79, an absurdly large number.
You could certainly take the approach of starting with a known chain (from a database or previous block, for example) then varying the generation transaction to give different hashes.
At that point you can create a database of working chains and try to figure out what hashes they work for.  This requires factoring the origin of the known chain.  The simple act of factoring this number is not an easy task--in fact, the difficulty of factoring large composite numbers is at the heart of RSA public key cryptography (as well as others).  This is a useful step so that one can then go on to check for divisibility by computing the prime factors of a given hash.  Then, one could compare those prime factors to the prime factors of the known origins.  It is true that P is divisible by Q if and only if the prime factors of P include all of the prime factors of Q (e.g. 2\*2\*5\*7\*13 is divisible by 2\*7\*13, while 2\*5\*7\*7\*11 is not divisible by 2\* **3** \*7 or 2\* **2** \*5\*11).  This approach is not computationally feasible, though, due to the difficulty of factoring the large numbers.
Another approach one may take is to simply execute trial division of known origins vs a plethora of hashes.  In this case it is simply a matter of luck.  The discussion in the previous paragraph serves to show the improbability, though.  If an origin fails to contain even a single prime factor then it will not be divisible.  The prime counting function, PI(x), is the number of prime numbers less than x.  Its exact value is not known for numbers as large as 10^77, but it is estimated to be 6.5 \* 10^74.  It should be clear that such a number is far beyond the computational power of the human race.
I'm sorry that I cannot provide a formal definition of the probability, but even if I am off by a factor of millions or billions I feel like the point makes itself:  trying to use pre-computed primes and manipulating the hash puts you up against odds about as tough as hoping to win the lottery by hiking across Antarctica and hoping to find a ticket brought there by chance on the back of a polar bear.  
@_date: 2013-11-13 03:43:55
Most of the bashing on the technical side of Bitcoin is simply wrong (for example: "you could just copy your wallet and double your bitcoins!!").  Any glaring problems in the Bitcoin protocol wind up being fixed very quickly--there's a whole lot of people who are very technically inclined who stand to lose a lot if Bitcoin fails and they patch any holes very quickly.
The only real technical weaknesses of Bitcoin are simply innate to the design, and most involve some sort of 51% attack.  Different people have differing opinions of the likelihood of a 51% attack.  For the record, I would rate it as improbable but not impossible right now--there are a few entities (e.g. US government, Intel, Bill Gates) who have the resources to carry out a 51% attack and it's feasible that one may have a sufficient motive to carry it out.
Most of the valid criticism of Bitcoin is from an economic point of view.  Most economists are of a philosophy that a little inflation is good while deflation is bad, with the justification that a little inflation encourages spending and investing instead of hoarding/saving.  It's up to you whether you accept or deny this criticism.  I personally see it as a reason why I don't expect Bitcoin to ever be the currency of a nation, but it in no way hinders its ability to disrupt the payment processing and money transfer industries.
You also have people who criticize the stability of Bitcoin, typically screaming BUBBLE at every chance (disclaimer:  *I* think we're running up to the next Bubble, although we're ahead of schedule).  People in this school of thought tend to cite the fact that many people are buying Bitcoins with the expectation of making a profit by selling them later--they have no desire to *use* the Bitcoins.  To me this is not a weakness of Bitcoin as a system--only a quirk to be aware of when trying to use Bitcoin as a store of value.
Another weakness of Bitcoin is that they are inherently easy to steal, since they are just data on a computer.  The corollary is that they are easy to secure as well, but that requires that people be proactive with security.  There are Bitcoins stolen all the time from people who take a bad approach to security.  As adoption picks up the average technical (especially security based) background of the users will tend to go down, making Bitcoin theft more lucrative.  There is no conflict/fraud resolution inherent in Bitcoin, which makes theft a bigger deal.
The final school of criticism that comes to mind can be boiled down to criticizing the young nature of the Bitcoin economy.  For example, "You can't buy anything with Bitcoin!"  While [arguably quite wrong,]( there are far fewer places you can buy things with Bitcoin as compared with fiat.  There are also many criticizers who cite the difficulty of using Bitcoin for the computer illiterate; hopefully this gets better and better as 1: the software is improved, and 2: computer literacy improves.
Note that I still like Bitcoin despite these criticisms (and others I cannot think of).  It is healthy to take a step outside of the mania that tends to develop here.  Bitcoin has a lot of components that work together in a way that I honestly think is nothing short of beautiful, but it isn't perfect.
More to the point of directly answering your request, I don't know of any reasonable site that bashes Bitcoin while maintaining a commitment to accuracy in their claims.  I've not made an exhaustive search, though. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:31:44
You can set up a wallet such that you need, say, 2 of 3 signatures to spend the money, effectively mitigating a) and b), although it requires 3 secure locations.  In that way if one of your 3 wallets is lost or stolen there is virtually zero damage--you can still use the other 2 (any 2 of the 3) to recover your coins.  A thief (or natural disaster) would have to compromise two paper wallets in order for you to lose your coins. 
If you want more redundancy then you can go to any number of signatures (up to some limit... perhaps 8?  My memory is foggy) and require any number of those signatures in order to spend.  So for lots of redundancy you could have a wallet where you need 2 of 8 signatures.  Or 3 of 5.  Or 6 of 7.  There's a lot of freedom with this system and it really makes paper wallets more powerful.
You can learn more by looking up multisig transactions or escrow transactions (escrow is another use of this form of transaction).  That is implemented in the Bitcoin protocol.  You can also get the same effect by storing your private key split up similar to, say, a RAID 5 volume (three parts including first half of key, second half of key, and parity--you can recover from any two parts).  This requires no support in the Bitcoin protocol as it is just a method of redundantly storing data. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:24:59
Calling 30% enormous compared to pre-app store fees may be unfair, but if the developer can circumvent that large of an expense then they will certainly take it.  I don't even necessarily think that 30% is unfair, since the app store allows developers to distribute to a wide audience.
The point remains, though, that every bitcoin user in the world could boycott Apple and Apple doesn't have to even bat an eyelash, especially if it means hindering a potentially disruptive technology.
@_date: 2013-12-08 00:28:41
Then the *owner* can speculate in Bitcoin with his personal funds.  That does not make it a good business move for the company to put its money at risk in an attempt to get into an industry that isn't even vaguely related to selling cars.  I'm all for companies branching out into new fields, but it just doesn't make sense in this case. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:37:52
Lots of sites do things like this using various implementations.  Many have a house fee far lower than 10%.
The concept is a valid one but not terribly original--you'd be entering a fairly competitive marketplace and would have to offer a house edge will under the hypothetical 10% you propose.  The main challenges are making sure that the system is fair (ideally provably fair), secure (people can't gain an unfair advantage), and trustworthy (you build a reputation for not stealing everyone's money and running).
Your concept of looping through individual Satoshis of bets is not a good way to do things--people at the start of the loop have an advantage.  Using the address of the last better is also a bad plan--people could send lots of low-value transactions if they know the algorithm you use (and if they don't know the algorithm then the site isn't provably fair).  A better option would be for a round to be, say, 1000 Bitcoin blocks, then use the hash of the 1050th block as the seed (give yourself some time to resolve any issues between the end of the round and the payout--future bets are placed for the next round of the lottery).
From that provably fair RNG source you can choose a number between 0 and N where N is the total number of Satoshis bet during the round, then find the Nth Satoshi bet (use well-defined tie breaking rules for bets at nearly the same time--the blockchain is an excellent source for this since it has a strictly defined ordering).  
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:11:31
Sure.  The end-game that a lot of people here are hoping for is that Bitcoin grows and grows until it is the primary global currency and everything is done using Bitcoin.  I really doubt that anything this substantial will actually happen.
Another end-game would be Bitcoin existing for a long time (i.e. until the next currency revolution), but other (national) currencies still exist.  Bitcoin competes favorably with paypall and credit cards and takes a large portion of their market share.  This is the best I can see happening for Bitcoin in my lifetime.
The end-game I mentioned above would happen if some flaw or incompleteness were to be found in Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is, in many ways, a prototype and an experiment.  Many, many alternative cryptocurrencies have been developed that claim to be an improvement on the fundamentals of Bitcoin.  Thus far none have actually taken a substantial chunk of Bitcoin's market share, but that's not to say that none ever will.  If another cryptocurrency takes over Bitcoin then we will see Bitcoin's value go towards zero while the other one's value skyrockets.
Those end-games are all of the "happy" ones that I can think of.  There are also the attacks.  It is possible that someone with a lot of money and something against Bitcoin will go and get a cluster big enough to threaten the network.  It's not nearly as hard as people would like to believe--ASICMiner is well on their way, and they're just a startup.  Imagine how easy it would be for a conglomeration of banks or perhaps Paypal to utterly destroy the Bitcoin network.  Bitcoin relies on the assumption that the combined power of the people is greater than the power of the centralized authorities, but the 1 percent owns so unthinkably much more wealth that they can dictate the course of any proof of work system if they want to work together.
Another attack that is much less technical would just be the banks, credit cards, and paypal (or anyone else who doesn't like Bitcoin) lobbying the major governments around the world to try to regulate Bitcoin to death.  The regulation that Bitcoin has seen thus far is largely positive.  There is no guarantee that it will continue to be so, especially as Bitcoin makes a bigger splash.  It is nearly impossible for a government to destroy the base system, but they can push it underground.  Unless the people are willing to fight a straight up revolution, this could kill all of the legitimate merchants operating with Bitcoin.
I'm sure I've missed some major case, but those seem to be the most likely to me.
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:00:35
It all depends on how much $1k is to you.  If that is the full amount that you are able to invest then putting it all in Bitcoin is placing all your eggs in one basket.  However, if losing all of it isn't that big of a deal to you then investing it all in one place is just fine.
If someone with a net worth of $1,000,000 were to put $50,000 in Bitcoin without spreading it around at all then I doubt people would find a suggestion to diversify odd.  I don't see any substantial difference between that and suggesting for someone worth $20,000 to diversify a $1,000 investment.  Obviously, the choices are more limited, but I think the underlying reasoning is sound.
@_date: 2013-03-30 05:27:46
I took several hours a little while ago and now I'm pretty sure I understand the basics of Ripple.  I will attempt to answer any questions people have.  As a disclaimer, I am currently strongly against the idea of Ripple for reasons that I will explain here, but I am open to arguments that may change my position.


A few reasons.  First, because Ripple is in beta and not really up an running.
Second, because **RIPPLE IS BASED ON A FUNDAMENTALLY FLAWED PRINCIPLE, AND WILL LIKELY NEVER HAPPEN.**  What is that principle?  The idea that if Bob trusts Alice with X value and Alice trusts Joe Y value then Bob implicitly trusts Joe with Min(X,Y) value and that this chain can be extended indefinitely.  While that principle does not seem odd at first glance, it becomes obviously flawed when you extend the chain to large lengths.  There are two main flaws in the attempted syllogism:  First, the chain is only as strong as the weakest link; long chains are fundamentally weaker than short ones.  The second is the idea that if Bob trusts Alice with a given value then he also trusts her judgement in what she does with that money, including lending it out; he therefore must implicitly trust Alice's lending judgement.
Once one gets over that hump, there is the fact that most of the connections a user will have will be to friends and family.  The way that someone "cashes out" of Ripple is by "requesting payment" from the people who owe you money.  Collecting on a debt can already strain a friendship (especially if incurring that debt was ill advised), but Ripple makes that worse since the **debt does not have to be initiated by either the "lender" or the "borrower" of the debt in Ripple**.  Using Ripple with your friends is a quick way to not have friends anymore.  The proposed solution to this?  Centralized Exchanges!!!! WOOO!!!! We've been there, done that.  Ripple isn't a solution to the current difficulties with exchanges; it is an additional layer of complexity.
Once one gets over *that* hump, there is also the fact that Ripple requires you to extend lines of credit to all of your neighboring nodes.  If one of those nodes becomes compromised and spends all of its credit then it can affect **ALL** of the other nodes.  I believe that it will not cause anyone's balance to decrease, but such widespread consequences for a single failure is not a big selling point.
Once you get over **that** hump, there is the fact that Ripple is really designed not around individuals having money, but about individuals owing and owning debt.  At some level these have similar qualities, but there is absolutely nothing that someone can do to a Bitcoin wallet that will leave the person in (BTC) debt.  I do not believe the same is true of Ripple:  a hacked Ripple account could add another account as a trusted party then max out all lines of credit sending that person money, leaving them crippled.  You may trust three people each with $1,000 with the caveat that you will only lend a total of $1,500 at any one time; I do not believe Ripple supports this.  You must be prepared to be owed the sum of all credit lines at any given time.
So with those, my biggest complaints against Ripple, it becomes necessary to ask **Why is Ripple better than Bitcoin?**  Let's look at a few characteristics and features of both:
**Open log of transactions**  Ripple took this page right out of Bitcoin's book.  I have no problem with that--it works!
**Proof of Work to prevent double spending, etc** Bitcoin has it; *Ripple has nothing that I've seen any reference to that does this job.*  I believe their solution is "first transaction wins."  
**Trust** Bitcoin asks you to trust the open source (but only if you don't read it); Ripple is the same.  Bitcoin asks you to trust well accepted cryptography; Ripple asks you to trust lots of people.  Bitcoin has a distributed hashing network to back it; Ripple is, from what I've seen, backed by either nothing or by a centralized system.  I'm foggy on that point.  Their website claims that the network comes to "consensus," but that goes directly against the idea of proof of work--if all you need is a node in order to vote then you can easily spam IP addresses and take down the system.  There may be a proof of work system under the hood somewhere, but I haven't seen any mention of it.
**Limited Supply** Bitcoin: 21 million.  Ripple: limited supply of 100 billion (the number is largely irrelevant, but the user should be aware that there are almost 5,000 XRP in existence now for every BTC that will ever be in existence), but the supply is moot when the currency is debt.  The only limit to the amount of debt that a population can owe is the foolishness of that population.  (one can assume that people will slowly lose wallets with positive value over time; debt can still be collected from you even if you lose your wallet)
**Predictable and "fair" distribution of initial currency** Bitcoin gives block rewards to the miners who work to secure the system.  All 100 billion Ripples that will ever exist were split between the developers and OpenCoin to use however they judge fit.  
**Obtaining the currency via Fiat** Bitcoin: Send ID to a centralized exchange, wait a few days, buy Bitcoins.  This varies from country to country, but it is about the same process throughout.  In Ripple, you convince your friends to use the software and to extend to you a line of credit.  Then they convince their friends, etc.  Eventually, one of those friends is willing to send BTC for Ripples.  You deal with an escrow service (and pay their fees), then send XRP for BTC.  Everyone in a chain from you to the seller now owes one person that many XRP and is owed by the other person that much XRP.  In order to leave the system each of those people has to settle all of their debts, likely in person.  Just so you could buy BTC.  The biggest selling point--that it makes buying BTC easier--has me more turned off to the currency than anything.
Other than that, though, there's really no reason why we don't use Ripple.
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:13:17


I'm not sure what you were going for here, but the opposite is true.  A transaction being unconfirmed is synonymous with it not being in the blockchain.
(for OP): The "block chain" is a sequence of blocks (bundles of transactions) each connected to the one before it.  If your transaction is "unconfirmed" then it is not included in any block.  That's not  necessarily a bad thing for the short term, but most places will not acknowledge a deposit unless it is confirmed.
To get the transaction included in a block it goes something like this:  Bitcoin users broadcast their transaction to all of their neighbors, who broadcast to their neighbors, etc, until pretty quickly everyone knows about it, including the miners.  The miners can see all of the transactions that have been sent out and validated as being legal (i.e. not spending money you don't have).  As they look for the next block, they include all of the most recent transactions that are unconfirmed *that they want to include.*  It turns out that there is some computational cost, some data cost, and some other costs associated with including a transaction in a given block; also, blocks can only have a certain size, so at times some transactions just get left out in the cold, waiting on the next block.  At the end of the day a miner can choose to include or exclude any transaction for any reason, but most follow a few common rules.  The first of those rules is typically:  blocks with higher transaction fees get put in first.  This means that if you send a transaction without chipping a handful of Satoshis to the miners (typically .0005 BTC), you're going to have to wait for a charitable miner to accept it.  It'll happen eventually, but could take as much as an hour or two, especially if the network is bogged down.
As to what this means for you for right now, you can't really do anything.  You could try to send the coins again to another address, and a wallet may allow you to (it would be a poorly designed wallet, but it is within the ability of the Bitcoin protocol).  This is the "double spending" that the blockchain exists to prevent--if I could spend my BTC as many times as I want and so could everyone else, it wouldn't have any value.  Once any of these double-spending transactions gets included, though, *all* of the others immediately become invalid (unless you sent from an account that had enough money to fund more of the spendings, in which case you just single-spent more coins).  This is why merchants do not consider the BTC paid until it is in a block (and often until it is buried under several).
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:54:04
To quantify a few things, according to the original white paper a 40% holder could succeed at a 6 block rewrite double spend about 50% of the time.
If a miner has 50% of the network, the difficulty is well adjusted, and the miner wants to rewrite 6 blocks then they will need on average 2 hours of mining after the start of the attack.  During that time people must not drop out of the pool, or else the time increases.  The pool owner would have to play this off as bad luck.
@_date: 2013-07-16 10:27:12
You should be aware that the hard cap of 21 million BTC is not the actual cap of how many Bitcoins are in the money supply.  There are many ways that the money supply can exceed the 21 million cap.
The most basic example of this occurs in fiat currencies all the time with banks.  The general process is as follows:  first, many people deposit money into the bank, for whatever reason (simplicity, security, interest, etc).  Then the bank takes that money and lends it out to people at a higher interest rate, for various loans and other investments.  At this point any (*but not all*) of the original depositors can freely withdraw their money, so they, in effect, still have their money.  The people who got the loan *also* have the money, which they immediately use to make a large purchase.  Whoever they give the money to likely gives their money to a bank, for "safekeeping," and the whole process starts over again.  This whole system falls apart when people lose faith in the banks and everyone requests their money at the same time.  FDIC exists largely to help in this type of situation, but I'm not sure how well such a thing could be implemented in Bitcoin where it's impossible for the government to just "print" more.  Note that this is a crude description of the whole process/system.
So, to answer your question, no, not really.  No more so than the fact that I have a car that I could sell for BTC, Yen, Euros, USD, or even BBQCoin if I felt so inclined inflates any of those currencies.  The underlying intuition, though, that actions can be done to bypass the hard cap, though, is more-or-less correct.  The painting doesn't inflate the money supply because it is not used as money.  If someone were to issue, for example, silver coins that they offered 1BTC payable upon demand then they could increase the money supply, provided people trust them.  If someone could create passable Cassius counterfeits then they would contribute to the money supply until they are discovered.  Until I can buy something with a painting it is not "money."
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:43:46
The fact that you are even asking these questions suggests to me that you are in over your head.  The world of ASICs is very cruel, and you are late to the game.  That said, though, here's my take on it:
First and foremost, above any technical characteristic, is having the units in stock and having good, reliable customer service during the development period.  Since bitcoin payments are irreversible and past ASIC manufacturers' claims have turned out poorly the market is quite hostile to the idea of sending BTC for anything less than a proven, developed, ready-to-ship design.  If you have the thing in stock, little else matters.  This will change as more manufacturers start to ship, as competition starts to override sheer scarcity, but for now it's all about having the product.
The primary technical spec is hashes per Joule (or GH/s per Watt or other similar measures).  Eventually, once the bitcoin network adjusts to the influx of ASICs, the difficulty will even out to where energy cost is the primary cost.  Rigs with the lowest energy cost per hash will be the ones that survive the longest.
The next technical spec that people will look at is the cost per GH/s.  People like to see short break-even times.  You can use a web calculator like the one at  to show how long it will take before a customer's initial investment in hardware pays off.  If you can make a really cheap rig compared to its power then it'll out-sell the other brands.  Also, the ASIC *must* have a physical lifespan significantly longer than the break-even time.  Otherwise, obviously, it'll be a loss for the customer.
If you can't compete with Avalon (or Butterfly labs, provided they actually ship) on hashes/Joule and/or cost per GH/s, go home.  There's nothing you can do to get into the market, unless you have some magic way to establish quick manufacturing to beat them to delivery.  If you're just now thinking about starting to design one, then you'll be late to the party, most likely.
After those few things, there are really two ways to go.  Avalon seems to be going for the people who are interested in making a serious investment in a get-rich-quick machine, and for the ones who have already received them it will likely be just that.  They are fairly expensive, but they have the power to back up that cost.  They're really only for people ready to drop serious coin on the machine.  BFL, on the other hand, has the Jalapeño, which is much more modestly priced.  An average user or someone who uses bitcoin more as a hobby than as a serious investment can pick up a small ASIC and make a decent profit.  BFL also has their $30,000 rig that will, theoretically, pony stomp Avalon's ASIC... when (if) it finally ships, so they're in that market, too.
If you go with the big-dog market, all that matters is performance.  The people who buy those are doing it for the money.  If it takes 10 hours to set up, then runs reliably for the next year, great.  Don't waste money here on cute features, just put as much as possible into pure, raw hashing, while keeping a careful eye on power consumption.  If it's as loud as a jet engine, that's probably OK.
If you go for the smaller market, the features you list are more valuable.  It would be cool to see something where there's a host box (Raspberry Pi, perhaps) then you daisy-chain miners to increase hashing power, where there's a simple interface that you can use to set up the mining, then you don't have to do anything but just leave it plugged in.  Nice GUIs are a lot more valuable in this market, and ease of use is a must.  There is a market for USB miners (with or without external power adapters, although the power you get on USB 2.0 is probably not enough to do much mining), but I would rather have a stand-alone miner so I don't have to run my desktop (or get a net-top or net-book) to run it.
Wi-fi would be a cool thing to have for a stand-alone unit, as well, so that you can just plug it in in a corner somewhere and set it up with the login information for your pool and it would automatically connect to your router and start mining.
One thing I would like to see is a weather-proof miner that is tolerant of fairly high external temperatures (e.g. 110 F or 45 C) and still mine, perhaps throttling up or down with temperature.  Waste heat is a big deal if you have a lot of mining going on, and it would be nice to not have to worry about that during the summer.  If the ASIC is designed for outdoor use, include a sturdy metal loop that could be locked/chained to something so that it doesn't walk away with a thief.
Along a similar line of though, an enclosure that makes use of the waste heat would be cool.  Something like heating water or a pet bed or a cup warmer.  This will undoubtedly have a performance impact on the device, but I think it would be awesome to have a water heater that makes money.
One cool idea could be to make solar panels for home generation of electricity, then to integrate miners into that.  It may not be a huge success, but it is something set you apart from companies that are ahead of you by a long way in the race to get ASICs to the mass market.
I hope this helps, and I hope you find an innovative way to enter the bitcoin marketplace.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:24:18
Gox has been having issues for months.  Officially the problem is with regulations or something to that effect, but there are a lot of people who have been suspecting liquidity issues.  Since it's so hard to withdraw fiat from Gox people who want their money back have been converting to Bitcoin in order to withdraw.  This drives the price up. 
@_date: 2013-08-18 23:06:37
I should mention that I am not an expert, only an enthusiast.  I do not have a strong background in quantum computing, so take my analysis with a grain of salt.
The fact that hash functions are not bijective does not really get you much.  Grover's algorithm should eventually find all possible inputs that will give a given output, and it is easy to check if a correct public key has been found.  Depending on what part of the protocol is being attacked you may only need a single pre-image to steal the coins of a wallet--all you need is a public key that hashes to a given value; there's no reason why it has to be the same one the legitimate owner used. 
Collision attacks are necessarily made easier by Grover's algorithm, as well, since it allows finding an input that will give a given output.  As I understand Grover's algorithm, the O(N^1/2 ) efficiency is an average case, not a best case.  The algorithm allows a brute force type of attack to choose inputs in a probabilistic order such that a/the correct one can be found much faster than a random or linear search.
When looking at the application of Grover's Algorithm to mining the analysis gets more complicated, and there are probably large improvements to be made since the output can have any value for the non leading bits (depending on difficulty).
All of that said, though, the speedup of Grover's algorithm just isn't enough to make it nearly as catastrophic to SHA256 as Shor's algorithm is ECC.
@_date: 2013-08-18 23:04:38
Looking into Grover's algorithm I tend to agree.  The quadratic speedup is nice but isn't nearly enough for practical purposes.  I will likely live long enough to see 256 bit hashes rendered insecure against an impressive cluster in a feasible amount of time (e.g. months), but it probably isn't a threat to Bitcoin.
That said though, the attitude of "we will likely have time to switch" is exactly the mentality that could destroy this currency.  There is reason to believe that the US Government already has a computer capable of crippling Bitcoin, and there is no reason to delay putting this protection in.  
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:57:17
Making things even better, on their banner is the phrase:


They're so concerned about independence but really they have no desire to be any more independent than is necessary to look cool.  They won't take any government's money out of fear of having strings attached but when an opportunity arises to limit their exposure to governments they sweep it under the rug.
I love Wikipedia (most of the time), but I'm no fan of the foundation that runs it. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:20:14
10,318.28 miles; 16,605 km.
How's ~7 minutes for quick?
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:21:50
Next (until about 5:30) is an interesting take on the chain of events surrounding an individual not paying taxes, and seems to suggest that it is a necessary chain of events--monetary penalties then jail, with physical violence if there is any physical (perfectly legitimate!) resistance.  This segment makes some valid points and I'll once again concede that there is some level of threat of violence against people who do not pay taxes.  However, there is also a threat of violence against people who steal cars and who rape children, by the same argument stated in the video.  We are meant to operate under the idea that a threat of violence is never OK, but by the argument stated in the video (namely, that if there were no threat of violence--eventually deadly force--for people who don't do something then people would do that).  If we cannot accept that grand theft and violent crimes merit punishment then it becomes a task to establish just exactly what things are and are not justifiable causes for violence, which is a much more difficult task.  The tone of the video is meant to imply that the government taxing is very close to the idea of a schoolyard bully stealing a ball, but when you look at benefits received from the state I would argue that it is closer to a shoplifter stealing an item then refusing to pay--they are nonviolent (at least at first) and assert that their money is their own, but they are a much less savory protagonist than George of Alvin.
The next segment, up until around 6:10, points out the idea of a social contract and is largely filler and background.  It does make reference to the title of the video--you an always leave--which I disagree with--you can't really escape society, and in that way you can argue that life isn't fair, but I will never argue that life is fair.  It also goes ahead and sets up a straw man for the next line of argument:  ownership as the right to set the rules.  This is the foundation for their next argument--that if they can shake the idea of ownership then that will demonstrate that there is not right to set rules, but this once again treats the government as if it were a person or business.
This argument continues until about 9:15.  The video asserts that homesteading and trade are the ways that *an individual* can come into ownership of a piece of property, which makes the assumption that a government must follow the same courses of action.  I feel that is not the case because individuals must be treated as equals and can be expected to act in their own interest while a government is given authority by the majority and is charged with acting in the interest of the greatest good (they sometimes fall considerably short of that charge, admittedly, but we're talking about theory here).  Since the state is not an individual it cannot be expected to follow all of the rules individuals must follow (this does *not* give them free reign to do whatever they want--they still ought to have rules.  It just refutes arguments based on the idea that their actions would be unsuitable for individuals).
Additionally, there is the idea that with a government the right to make rules is separated from direct ownership of the land.
Finally on this point, there is the fact that the government has come into ownership of much of the land that it controls by purchasing it, although I'm sure that imminent domain is just as touchy of a subject as taxation for this crowd.
The segment up until about 10:00 is largely a tangent and not really for or against the claims of the video.  No comment
Finally, the video concludes with a summary that I've already addressed point by point previously, and it commits the biggest flaw in its argument:  it ends.  If the ultimate argument is to be that we should live in a stateless society then there must be some claim as to how it would work and how it would be better.  It is easy to point out shortcomings of current governments, but that is insufficient to show that anarchy would be better.  If a proponent of a stateless society would like to come forward and make that claim then I will consider it and accept or refute it point by point, but at this point the burden of proof is on the ones declaring that a stateless society is better, for that claim has not been established.
I would like to close by saying that I am really happy to be living where I am today, and I feel that much of my quality of life flows directly from the fact that I live under a government.  I have job opportunities all around me, a great education system, good roads, clean water, emergency fire and medical services--the list goes on.  I am surrounded by luxuries that I do not fear being taken from me by citizens or the government, because they put forth a set of rules that I must follow in order to enjoy this awesome life and I find them to be quite workable.  I do not necessarily support all of the government's actions, and I believe that we could do with much less government or even a revolution in the next few decades, but the idea of a society without a state leaves too many unanswered questions and I find the idea of it to be foolish.  If you disagree then state your argument.
@_date: 2013-09-27 19:05:56
When I send a packet "to the internet" for Bitcoin, as I understand it my computer addresses that packet to an IP address of another node.  Internet providers are necessarily able to see that IP address on whatever servers are directing the traffic and are easily able to tell who sent the packet.  Checking to make sure that one or the other of these two parties is on a whitelist strikes me as relatively straightforward (admittedly at great cost for all of the processing).  We have already seen the Government set forth a system that monitors virtually all internet traffic by looking at this data.  Blocking communication based on the metadata does not strike me as a great leap, technologically. 
A single nation's government could not shut it down for the world, but they could effectively shut it down for that nation.
For example, look at the Great Firewall of China.  It does not disrupt the global internet, but it greatly affects how the people of China can access it.  If a similar system were enacted then I do not doubt *most* Bitcoin traffic could be stopped in a nation--to the point where the currency would be prone to failure from other sources.  If one takes that to a Dystopian level (which I only claim is *conceivable*, not probable by any means) then it is possible that the Global Bitcoin network could be sufficiently disrupted that it fails. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:50:47
The idea is to make spammy transactions low priority, to increase the cost of a (D)DOS attack.  Someone moving a lot of BTC that has been sitting in the same place for a long time, who moves the BTC in a relatively small transaction (small as in number of bytes) is not likely to be trying to spam the network.
On the other hand, if you only have a small amount of BTC and you send it back and forth between addresses you own, using as large of transactions as possible then that looks *very* spammy.  The transactions can still be included, eventually, but by leaving them out until a block has free space they can reduce the rate at which these coins are available to spend.
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:18:01
Be aware that this looks like a scam, and for my money probably is.  I'm not aware of a "BitcoinMiner" that falls in that price range.  I challenge you to provide a picture, and *any* info.  All you have posted so far is an apparent call for applicants to lose money.
@_date: 2013-12-30 17:27:15
The transaction is sent out not just to miners but to anyone running a full Bitcoin node.  Those computers check the transaction to make sure that it's valid before sending it along to their neighbors.  That's not the "confirmations" process, though.  This process is about making sure that the transaction was valid in the first place; the confirmation process is making sure that the transaction is the *only* valid transaction from that address (i.e. combating a double-spend).
Once your transaction propagates to miners they put it in a queue to be included in a block.  The miner selects the first few hundred transactions in the queue (sorted typically by priority, which includes age of the transaction, age of the coins, size of the transaction, and fees) and forms a block that it attempts to add to the blockchain.  When this succeeds the transaction gets 1 confirmation.
From there every time someone adds another block to the blockchain it gives your transaction another confirmation--provided the block is on the same chain as your transaction.  Thus, the first confirmation may take quite some time, but subsequent confirmations are typically obtained at a pretty consistent ~10 minute interval. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 01:31:42
How is it easier to acquire?  Show me a way I can turn my USD into LTC more easily than I can turn them into BTC and I'll go buy hundreds.  I hear that MtGox is adding LTC trading some time soon, but that only helps bring LTC to be worse than BTC by less.  There are all sorts of exchanges for Bitcoin, but much fewer for Litecoin (admittedly, the bitcoin purchasing options are poor enough that an exchange where you could actually reliably buy Litecoin with fiat would take off--converting between LTC and BTC is easy on BTC-E).
The infinitely divisible argument is a weak one.  There is no transaction in the world where 1 Satoshi of resolution is too coarse.  When it is, the protocol will be expanded.  This is a weaker form of "infinitely divisible" than saying that you can send any fraction of a Bitcoin right now, but it has the same effect.  Furthermore, a Litecoin is no more divisible than a Bitcoin except that a Litecoin has less real value, thus affecting the size of its Lite-Satoshis.
That effective infinite divisibility means that the plentiful argument is meaningless--it is literally meaningless to describe one effective infinity as being larger than another.
The only advantages I see to Litecoin are that its nominal price is lower, thus giving the illusion that it is easier to buy (I can buy $100 worth of Bitcoin easier than I can buy $100 worth of LTC, though).  Also, it can process more transactions per hour since its blocks are generated every 2.5 minutes rather than every 10, but neither Bitcoin nor Litecoin has the volume to make that important, and when Bitcoin does have the volume it is just a protocol change--a hard fork, but those are part of the design of Bitcoin.
The final advantage that I see in Litecoin is actually the reason I use it:  The current exchange rate is favorable, such that I can mine LTC and exchange them for BTC faster than I can mine BTC directly--thanks ASICS!  I don't hold LTC since they are volatile even against the BTC, but they are a nice middle-man.  The choice of scrypt as the hashing algorithm means that GPUs are probably the end-game for mining LTC, which means that the network is just about as secure as it's going to get, for better or worse--Bitcoin has to get over this one last hurdle as ASICs are being deployed before becoming ridiculously hard to 51%.
I don't hate Litecoin, per se, but the argument of "Silver to Bitcoin's Gold" is a terrible one.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:28:57
There are a lot of random specialty stores that accept bitcoins, but there are also a few online stores that offer a wide selection, like   You can check out a non-exhaustive (but exhausting) list of merchants [here](  
Also worth checking out is [all 4 btc]( which allows you to buy things off of amazon and ebay (albeit in a roundabout way) by sending BTC to all4btc, which then sends cash to amazon/ebay.  I'm not sure how their fees rate.  
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:23:33
Yes, absolutely!  Otherwise it wouldn't be any fun at all!
There are a variety of exchanges that you can buy and sell Bitcoins on, and everyone has their favorite.  Mt Gox *used* to be the big name, but the standard advice is to stay away from them for right now--they're facing regulation, banking, and (possibly) liquidity issues right now.  Bitstamp handles a lot of volume, or you can check to see if there are any buyers/sellers near you on localbitcoins.com.  
Note that you'll have to fork over a fairly large amount of personal information to send cash to or get cash from most exchanges, in order to comply with AML regulations.  There are often waiting periods during which you may have to wait longer between selling Bitcoins for cash and the cash showing up in your bank account, but it shouldn't ever take more than a few days. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:46:27
Looks like it's down for everyone.  Not necessarily hacked, though. Could be maintenance or just a crash. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 04:32:09
I love nested parenthesis, too (except sometimes (like when they're nested (kind of) deeply and aren't matched). 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:50:40
I would personally be curious to see what the revenue percentage is after fees.  One of the big selling points for Bitcoin has long been the low fee transactions and I'm curious to see this in action to see how substantial it is. 
@_date: 2013-08-23 21:03:54
I really don't think that there will ever be "counterfeit" Bitcoins, at least in any conventional use of the term--I don't think that any of the methods of counterfeiting are meaningful in the context of Bitcoin.  Every Satoshi is traceable to its creation in a mining reward, and the validity of every transaction is verifiable independently by millions of auditors.
Now, that's not to say that I think that the security of Bitcoin is flawless.  It is possible (even probable) that the security of ECC and SHA256 will be compromised at some point in the future.  I think that there will be new and interesting ways to steal Bitcoins discovered in the future (e.g. if the hashing functions in address generation are reversed and ECC is broken then hundreds of thousands of BTC from old, probably lost accounts can be claimed).  I don't think that this would be accurately described as counterfeiting, though.
Perhaps my disagreement is simply a matter of nomenclature, but I don't think that counterfeiting is a thing to be concerned about in Bitcoin.
\* I do see one attack which could *possibly* be considered a counterfeit.  If someone is running a lightweight client, which will probably become more common in the future, then an attacker could find some way to pretend to be the server that the client is connecting to (breaks at least one type of cryptography), then send a fake transaction (more broken cryptography) that the fake server validates (probably another level of cryptography broken).  I think this is highly unlikely to be successful (or even possible), but I suppose it could be called counterfeiting, since it's passing off a fake unit of currency to someone who does not do enough checking to make sure it's legitimate. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 02:40:52
Bitcoiin mining on a CPU is laughable at best.  If you earned a few thousandths of a bitcoin in a month then I'd be impressed.  CPU mining bitcoins isn't even worth the power increase over idle; you're not going to find someone who is willing to rent their servers for less than their power costs, to say nothing of the cost of the hardware and business costs.
That said, though, a couple days ago a new cryptocurrency was launched--Primecoin--which uses a completely different proof of work algorithm.  Rather than SHA256, which the ASICs have locked down, or Scrypt, which the GPUs dominate, Primecoin looks for sequences of prime numbers (which may be useful to science; if nothing else they are interesting).  I'm reasonably confident that the algorithm for finding these will find its way to a GPU within the month, but for the time being it is restricted to CPU mining.  As such, my desktop (i7 3930K hex core processor) and laptop (i7 720QM quad core) have mined enough primecoins to be traded for 100 USD worth of litecoins (as in, there is someone making that offer that I could accept if I wanted to).
There is precious little infrastructure in place right now for this coin, but it is making a substantially bigger splash in the altcoin world than most bitcoin clones do (i.e. just change a couple parameters and launch it).  Investing time and money into such a new chain is **incredibly** risky, but with that risk comes potential for reward.  If mining on a VPS is your thing then you should check out and the Altcoin section of the Bitcoin Talk forums.  
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:13:24
Bitcoin is money.
With a currency like the US Dollar or the Euro there is a government that controls the issuing of new units of the currency (new dollars, etc).  If they are misguided then they can massively devalue the currency by abusing their ability to issue new money (see: Zimbabwe).
There are private currencies as well.  Arguably gift cards could fall into this category--they are a store of value and a means of purchasing goods, although they are typically pegged to the local legal tender (legal tender is just money where if you pay a debt in that currency then the associated government will agree that the debt is paid).  Another example would be ISK--the in-game currency from the MMO game Eve Online; there is a whole economy in ISK and it can be bought with USD (I think... I don't play Eve).
In all of those examples there is some central authority that controls the money, be it the Federal Reserve or some corporation.  You could issue your own Cereal-Spiller Bucks and start using it as money (although the exchange rate would be essentially infinity to one).  Bitcoin breaks that pattern.  There is no single authority that controls the money supply.
So how is the currency managed?  By a distributed network.  People supporting the Bitcoin network keep track of all transactions that are sent worldwide.  They check each transaction for validity using some advanced but well-understood cryptography which makes Bitcoin a currency that pretty much can never be counterfeited.
This may sound like it is a huge loss of privacy, but that is protected by obfuscating real-world identities using pseudonyms called addresses.  For example, I own the pseudonym 1ABsAj8enaBjyPx6y95Tjvk2Bhp65re8JT, which you would have a terrible time tracking to me if I hadn't just announced it to the world.
There are many facets to cover within Bitcoin and the typical trend is that people who don't understand it don't trust it (as opposed to national currencies like the US dollar where people trust it despite not understanding how it works at all).  The **TL;DR** of it, though, is that Bitcoin is private, decentralized money.
As for the Bitcoin bot, that's a Reddit bot that facilitates the sending of Bitcoins to Reddit users, even if they haven't set up a wallet yet.  A wallet application is a program that you run on your computer (or smartphone, or--if you trust them--someone else's computer, like blockchain.info).  The tip bot manages accounts for every user that has used it and sets up new accounts as needed.  It holds users' Bitcoins and sends them upon request. It gives a viable option for rewarding a user for a great comment when giving a full month of gold is more than is reasonable.
I should point out, also, that you can also buy gold with Bitcoins--more easily than with a credit card if you're already set up with a Bitcoin Wallet application.  In fact, if you accumulate enough tips then you can buy gold using the tip bot (it can send the appropriate transaction once you initiate the gold-buying process). 
@_date: 2013-08-19 21:58:57
Except that the daily volume of BTC/USD on gox is virtually nil.  They basically don't process cash withdraw requests so what you're left with is an exchange between BTC and Mt Gox Fun Bucks--you can't get them as USD so they effectively aren't USD, hence the higher prices.
Gox used to be the biggest/best show in town, but their market share is falling (I believe it's dropped below 50%) and they're doing everything they can to destroy themselves, it seems. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:37:11
I'm personally in favor of the altering approach, rather than all-out revolution--wars are nobody's friends (except, I guess, the gun makers').  I would argue that the thinking is still perfectly valid in principle--governments exist to protect the life, liberty, pursuit of happiness, etc of their citizens and should be fixed when they stop serving that purpose.  
If that is not a valid philosophy for government then which part is wrong or outdated--do governments not exist for those purposes?  Should governments destructive to those purposes be allowed to continue on unchecked and unaltered by their people?  Should a failure of exhaustive attempts to alter the government not be grounds for revolution (always as a last resort)?
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:13:25
It would be nice to see ASICminer start selling their ASICs, while staying below 25 or 30% of the network.  They can offer great returns only as long as they aren't in a position to threaten the network.  They clearly have one of the best production rates of ASICs right now (if not *the* best).  They could make a pretty penny off of selling a handful of ASICS--and could charge just about whatever they want for them and offer virtually no support--and people would buy them.  They would only have to sell enough of their ASICs that the power gets distributed.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:20:00
Who would buy $1 for 333k Satoshis?  That dollar won't hold its value and I'll pay huge fees to move it.  Besides, didn't you hear that dollars are used in the black market?  I don't want to get caught up in a system filled with such illicit activity.  (/s... kind of) 
@_date: 2013-07-07 20:45:17
There probably are a couple of sensible people, but how do you tell which ones they are?  That way of thinking is only going to get you into a trap of looking for people to reinforce what you already think.
@_date: 2013-03-25 05:46:10
Not only will they be more difficult to hack, they will also be more closely watched.  An old lady with her computer will be much, much less likely to notice a high CPU load than a tech savvy investor who has spent a lot of time or money getting an ASIC, for the sole purpose of mining.
@_date: 2013-10-22 18:32:41
A few hundred--common values are anywhere from 100 to 800.  Blocks with 0 transactions are valid (although one would be a fool not to at least include the reward transaction--it's free money given to you), and they can hold, IIRC, about 1000 transactions before they run out of space--there's currently a hard cap in place on the size of a block (1 MB, I think), which implies a cap on the number of transactions, although some transactions are larger than others.
You can look at the number of transactions in a block at  which is just generally a good resource for searching the blockchain. 
@_date: 2013-09-03 00:53:31
They already are being used for those; GPU mining any SHA256d altcoin is not profitable.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:41:41
Over three days, by my math, but that's not really your point.
If there were a steady supply of those rigs readily available for consumers and the difficulty were to stay as low as it is right now, then yes, BFL would be fools to keep the price at $30k.  That, however, makes two assumptions that are both incorrect.  The difficulty will quickly shoot up as soon as any ASIC manufacturer has enough production and delivery to keep units on the shelf, which will greatly extend the break even time (although 3 days is pretty darn good.)
The other assumption is the real kicker, though.  They aren't selling those rigs right now.  They're selling a promise to ship you one eventually.  The history of BFL has shown that their definition of "eventually" winds up being a little bit longer in the future than their customers would like, and there are detractors who claim that it's an empty promise in the first place and that BFL is a scam.  There is quite a bit of risk involved in buying a rig that expensive, and that has to be offset by a lower price.
All of that said, though, *if* prices hold and *if* the difficulty stays within a factor of 10 of where it is right now for the next few months, and *if* the BFL ASICs start getting delivered, the price will most likely shoot up.  For the time being, though, BFL is not so concerned with pricing (as the $30K still gets them a profit over their hardware and labor costs), since they are either working to release the chips or working to pack up shop and disappear, depending on whether or not you believe they are real.
@_date: 2013-10-22 18:48:17
It definitely doesn't make mining the block easier, and there arguments to be made that it actually makes mining the block *harder.*  To include a transaction you have to verify that it is valid (i.e. check signatures, make sure that it only uses coins that exist to be spent), and doing so takes time that could be spent mining.  Then, you have to update the hashing hardware with the new information for the block.  If you did this every time that a computer hears of a new transaction then you spend a lot of time keeping up with transactions instead of hashing.
The real issue, though, is when you go to transmit a block that you've found.  When a miner finds a block they have to disseminate it to the rest of the network.  A block that includes lots and lots of transactions would, theoretically, travel more slowly than a relatively small block , giving an advantage to miners who include very few transactions.  Note, however, that the whole block doesn't have to be transmitted--most peers will have already heard of and checked most of the transactions included in the block, so most transactions don't have to be resent and rechecked.
So, while the disadvantages to including lots of transactions are small, they certainly don't make it *easier* to mine blocks with lots of transactions.  Theoretically miners include lots of transactions in order to get the transaction fees, but fees are so pathetically small that they may as well just be roundoff error--the current fee rate wouldn't be even close to sustainable if it weren't for the block generation reward.  The big reason why miners include blocks is social--a mining pool that doesn't confirm blocks would be branded as an attack on Bitcoin and the pool would lose miners quickly.  
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:28:03
That is a case where the malicious party is hard to track down.  However, it would still be an obvious attack on the network and the damage would be limited to the losses of a defrauded merchant.  Most merchants wait for 6 confirmations as the QT client suggests.  That is enough time that the attack would already likely start to be noticed. An orphaned chain of more than 2 blocks would raise all sorts of suspicion.  Additionally, if the pool operator is not malicious then they could easily pull the plug on the pool; most big time miners have pool failovers in place so that the network hash rate wouldn't take too huge of a hit; alternatively, the operator may be able to throttle the server in order to keep it online while decreasing the pool hash rate to less than 50%.
So, just as with a pool operator executed attack, there is some damage that can be done, but a pool 51%ing the network does not have the same ability to destroy a network that a single owner of lots of hardware has.  
@_date: 2013-04-06 00:47:30
Short of counting all the hashes, miner by miner, it is impossible to know how much actual mining power any pool has *right now.*  The best we can do is look at how often each pool produces a block.  If you look at too short of a period then you get lots of noise--I've seen data that could have been interpreted as a pool having 90% of the network hashing rate when that pool just happened to get lucky.  Apparently BTCGuild got lucky recently, which is driving these values up for the short term.  That's not to say that they aren't nearing 50%, but the charts make it look worse than it is since they don't use any data except block generation times.  A 2 week average may not be the right period, but you have to do some averaging if you want meaningful data at all.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:35:13
The *fastest* you should expect to get 6 confirmations is 60 minutes--the network aims for 1 block (confirmation) every 10 minutes.  That assumes that your transaction makes it into the very next block.  Right now the ASICs are causing blocks to be generated faster until the difficulty updates, but still 45 minutes is great for 6 confirmations.
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:00:19


A LOT of people.
Not everything has to be perfectly secure.  Getting widespread adoption of Bitcoin means getting popular, user friendly services to accept it.  I don't care if Dropbox somehow insulted you and your mother, the fact remains that if Dropbox started accepting Bitcoins it would be good for the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:18:02


It also (by intention or luck) prevents a quantum computer from deriving the private key from the public key for addresses--the address obfuscates the public key until the time that a transaction is sent from it.  If addresses are disposable then the window where a quantum attacker could empty the address is only a few minutes.
@_date: 2013-08-21 10:54:58
I don't think anyone would argue that booting from a LiveCD isn't safer--it clearly is.  If you have enough invested in Bitcoin that this is a concern then Live CDs, dedicated systems, etc. are reasonable.
@_date: 2013-08-23 21:34:35
Yep, checks out.
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:12:01


The keys being the collapse of prices and the speculation that drives the price increases.  If this isn't a bubble then you're going to either have to claim that it isn't driven by speculation (for which I would cite the "To the Moon" guy as evidence) or that it isn't going to crash (which only time will tell, but historical trends support the idea that it is, in fact, a bubble).
Now, that's not to say that there isn't some amount of real growth--there are lots of people (mostly in China, it would seem) who are just now getting into Bitcoin, which ought to give a nice price increase.  We've seen that time and time again--something triggers a price increase, then people see the price going up and jump on the speculative bandwagon only to have said wagon run off the road and crash, leaving prices that eventually stabilize *above where they were before the run-up to the bubble*.
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:03:21
It doesn't completely solve the issue.  The owner of BTCGuild has a few tricks in his bag, though.  One of these tricks is to deny new applicants to the pool--if you aren't already mining with him then you don't get to start.
Another trick is to deny workers using the getwork protocol--it is outdated and takes more bandwidth to use, while causing more stale shares than newer protocols.  This is an excellent move on his part since it means he keeps only the best miners while dropping enough hash rate to get to a comfortable level.
If these fail and his existing miners keep adding more hashing power--I hear that ASIC Miner mines there and is ramping up to 100TH -- then he would be forced to start more drastic measures.  That is moot compared to the danger of ASIC Miner, though.  They already have several TH while the whole network is chilling at ~55 TH.
@_date: 2013-04-07 10:10:15
Most certainly because it's Nvidia cards.  As I understand it the Nvidia cards do not support bit rotations in hardware, and a LOT of bit rotations have to be done in the SHA 256 algorithm.  A card without native support for bit rotations will never stand a chance of being competitive at SHA 256 hashing (or most cryptographic hash functions, as the bit rotation is a popular move in that field).
@_date: 2013-08-23 21:34:29


Really?!?! Crap, man.  I'm going to go ahead and run a few million calculations real quick to verify that they're legitimate.  I'll be back when I'm confident they're real.
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:42:16
To be honest this is better than I was expecting, but with your presentation you'll likely not get a buyer.  The problem is "BitcoinMiner" is not a recognized brand or term--it looks like it's either a play on ASIC Miner or someone just forgot to put a space in the generic "Bitcoin Miner."  Having stats would have been nice, and if you had specified that each is based on a dozen ASIC Miner Block Erupters then that would have helped your case.  
I'd like to invite you to Google "BitcoinMiner" and see if the product you linked comes up in the first page or two.  In my searching (which will vary from person to person since Google bases results on data about you) I didn't find this product in more than the amount of time that a buyer would reasonably be expected to spend researching a 2 sentence ad.  Calm down with your "inform yourselves first" attitude.  *You're* the one that wants to make this sale.
Finally, as a point of price, $1000 for a dozen block erupters is flat out terrible.   is selling 10 packs for 6 BTC.  There's something to be said for having the USB hubs and Raspberry Pi shipped with it, but it's hard to claim that that's worth an extra ~$400, especially since you don't have a reputation backing you up.
Thus, I'll repeat my original assessment, although I'll amend it slightly: this **looks** like a scam, and for my money it either is, or is just a plain bad deal.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:57:05
They're equivalent units and I see nothing against using either of them.  Do you have something against N/m^2 ?  It should be kg / (m s^2 ), by your logic (or Pascal, if you prefer).  The use of N/m^2 is acceptable, though, since it is a ratio of units that are germane to the unit's use as a pressure--it's a force over an area.
For hash/s/W it is comparing the speed--commonly reported--to the power--also commonly reported.  Hash/J is equivalent, but for someone not on their toes with units it is not readily apparent that this is just hash/s divided by Watts.  Pick your battles--there are worse atrocities on the internet.  
@_date: 2013-08-11 00:20:38
One of the most powerful lessons one can learn with BTC (if they haven't already) is that the best way to get money continues to be having a job.  If you want BTC, get a job, then buy it.  People will give you several dollar per hour for "free," just for flipping burgers.  That's better than *anything* you will ever see in BTC, unless you are leveraging specific skills (e.g. web design), but even in that case you would be better served by using those skills in a more traditional job.
Time and time again I see people snapping for table scraps, rejoicing over fractions of a cent coming from faucets and the like, when those same people would exhibit some shred of self respect if the rewards were denominated in USD or other more familiar currencies.  Do not fall into that trap.  Bitcoin is **not** a get-rich-quick scheme, and anyone trying to approach it as such will be fodder for scams or disappointment. 
@_date: 2013-05-21 01:21:22
I would really like to see this.  Another way that I think would be cool is to make a transaction be the recipient of a transaction, effectively allowing anyone to increase the fees of a transaction after the fact. 
Thus, if Joe sends Bob 1 BTC in transaction "A" with zero fees then Joe, Bob, or anyone else could send coins to transaction "A" to add a fee (call this fee-adding transaction "B").  In order to claim those coins, a miner could include both transactions A and B in the same block and the miner claims the output of transaction B.  
If transaction A gets confirmed by a miner who doesn't include transaction B then the fees were clearly unnecessary and the B coins are implicitly returned to the sender of transaction B.
Either your solution or mine would give more options to users of Bitcoin, but they would both contribute to additional information in the blockchain.  At least with mine, though, you could imagine a solution where increasing your fee bid could invalidate other bids.  
For example, if transaction B was not getting the transaction confirmed fast enough then someone could release transaction C that is just like transaction B except that it requires that it is in the same block as transaction A and that it is *not* in the same block as transaction B.  (It would also have a larger amount of BTC as fees).
The existing scripting allowed in the outputs of a Bitcoin transaction may allow for much of this already, but I am not well-enough versed in that language to speak to that more precisely.  
In any case, though, it depends on the *miners* seeing such things and prioritizing the inclusion of these transactions for their own benefit.  Miners can and have always been able to include or reject any transaction for any reason--they can even accept transactions that don't follow the rules of Bitcoin; they just don't because other miners would orphan their block.  We can assume that most miners would be motivated by profit, but that has proven to not always be the case.  There are many miners, for example, who reject Satoshi dice blocks on principle, even though they offer a respectable fee.  Despite that, though, I wholeheartedly believe that if an economic reason is proposed for why a miner should include a given transaction then on average it will be confirmed much faster.
@_date: 2013-09-30 23:34:27
If you are going to mine with hardware you already have then have at it.  Mining Bitcoin is not going to be as profitable as other currencies, though.  Litecoin is a popular alternative, but other coins based on Scrypt are outperforming it often.  Check out dustcoin.com to find a good chain to mine on (also check out Primecoin; it's neither SHA256d nor Scrypt)
If you're looking at buying ASIC hardware to mine Bitcoin, on the other hand, you're probably never going to recover your investment in hardware.  It will cost you some amount of money to buy the hardware which will take a long time to produce any return.  Having free electricity means that you are able to run the device until it dies, which improves your odds, but in the end buying ASICs is not likely to be the best investment of your money.
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:16:28
Depends on how hot it is--it could be classified as a tool for hitmen. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 07:52:24
The current hash rate of about 2.5 PHash/s (from bitcoinwatch.com) is about 7,500,000 USB Block Erupters or a roughly equivalent number of mid-high range GPUs.
It's about 250,000 10Gh/s Block Erupter blades, or 500,000 BFL Jalapeños.   It's about 50,000 BFL Singles, or 5,000 of the BFL Mini-rigs.
Naturally, the total comes from a variety of these products and others. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 07:25:23
Checksum should be the last four *bytes.*  I think the checksum gets computed before conversion to base fifty-whatever.  Should be 3-4 characters; I don't feel like doing the math.
At any rate, yes, that is another way to destroy coins which would render them just as lost as sending them to a well formed address made from an unwinnable script. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 21:34:49
I'd like to point out PPCoin, which has approximately a 1% inflation from the proof of stake shares.  Both the inflation and the implementation of Proof of Stake make it unlikely to be implemented in Bitcoin, yet some would argue that it is better (once again, I assert these people exist, not necessarily that they are right).
@_date: 2013-08-24 07:08:06
A few people control them, the key there being "few."  One of the beauties of Bitcoin is how decentralized it is.  I'm not going to use the hashing power I control to support changes in the protocol that benefit the few at the expense of the many, and I expect most other miners feel that way as well.
If we have a few big mining corporations, each the size of ASIC Miner or larger then they can band together and enforce rules that benefit themselves instead of the network as a whole.  This is only slightly removed from the situation of a government passing fiscal policy for the benefit of the government at the expense of the people.
Right now we are lucky that ASIC Miner is trying to play nice and act in the interests of the Bitcoin community as a whole--they are selling off ASIC hardware to keep their own hash rate well below 50% (I do not doubt that they could have reached 50% if they had wanted to).  There's no guarantee that the next mining corporations are going to be so altruistic.  
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:40:15
1: Not Great
2: Decent to Not Great. Cash does OK, but only for local.  Banks can cross borders, albeit with lots of red tape and fees
3: Excellent.  I can exchange my $20 bill with a stranger for 4 $5 bills and neither of us worries about having lost value on the trade.  Numismatic value is not terribly relevant to this discussion (OP: why does fiat fail big time here?)
4: Pretty darn good.  See point 3 for recognizability and ease of identifiability.  Cash can be hidden and is hard to confiscate.  Other than the super bills, it's hard to counterfeit.  
5: Darn good for most use, so much so that the penny is being phased out.  When you need smaller units, the pennies are subdivided.
6: Can work, but typically leaves a paper trail
7: Depending on the fiat you use, possibly outstanding (I assume USD)
1: Excellent, provided no major advances in technology (asteroid mining, more economic nuclear reactions)
2: Terrible.  It's darn hard to wire gold.
3: Mediocre at best.  Differences in quality/purity can be huge, many gold pieces carry numismatic value, etc.  Definitely not an improvement on fiat
4: Really hard to counterfeit well, but no better than cash on the other points of 4
5: Bad at best.  Since a lot of gold items carry numismatic value, nobody would ever divide them.  Trading other forms may be better, but most forms of gold are terribly indivisible
6: Most forms of buying gold will require substantial identification, likely in person
7: Pretty darn good, in that there are people everywhere who want gold, but not great, since you can't buy most things directly with gold.  Much worse than fiat here.
1: Great on all three counts.  Literally designed around this point.
2: Portable anywhere you have the internet; easy to send overseas for a fraction of a percent
3: Perfect score on this one
4: Great on all points, with a caveat on the "easy to identify" being that most people are unaware currently.
5: Excellent: Satoshis are tiny, and the protocol can be changed to support even smaller values
6: Great.  Bitcoin offers the *option* of privacy if one follows the right procedures, and that's all it takes to get full marks here.  No need to make *everyone* anonymous
7: Poor, but working on it!
All of that said, though, there are a few other characteristics found in other places, such as:
Fiat is great: although my $20 bill may wear out, I can exchange it for a new one with little to no cost or effort; I have coins over 100 years old that could still be used if their numismatic value weren't higher than their face value
Gold is pretty darn good:  most gold is in an application where it will not wear down and change its value
Bitcoin is great, provided you don't lose your wallet.
**Store of Value:**
Fiat is mediocre:  Virtually every fiat currency is inflationary, so you can expect money to be worth less over time
Gold is mediocre:  It will always have value, but that value fluctuates widely over time.  A possible place to store value over long periods, but bad for shorter terms, especially during bubbles.
Bitcoin is mediocre:  While it is inherently deflationary and can be expected to appreciate, I would be shocked at a financial adviser who could look at the last month of Bitcoin and then tell me with a straight face "That currency has a steady value."  I expect Bitcoin's value to stabilize eventually, but right now it is *way* to volatile to be a reasonable investment.
It's also interesting to look at the functions of money (Store of Value is one of those).  These are enumerated on Wikipedia [here](  My comment is already too damn long, though, so I'm going to shut up now.
@_date: 2013-03-31 20:56:59
51% of the miners can do almost anything they want (see the wealth of information on 51% attacks--they don't have to be carried out by a single person:  a group of people can work together to get 51%).
*If* you were able to find an address of a known criminal, and *if* you were able to convince at least half of the network to exclude any transaction from that address or any block that contains a transaction from that address then you can effectively "freeze" the account.  It is *technically* possible.
The odds that you could get this to actually happen are almost zero, as it would literally be a 51% attack on the network, which would substantially reduce confidence.  Additionally, any criminal who is vulnerable to this type of action has done a poor job of maintaining their anonymity.  
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:22:03
For a non-miner, it doesn't really affect you in any real way (other than to further ensure the security of the network).  The network automatically adjusts so that blocks are produced every 10 minutes.  With the recent additions of ASICs and the recent price spikes a lot of mining has been done, causing blocks to be produced at closer to 7 minute intervals.  
This difficulty spike will drive away more GPU miners, as the network shifts to more specialized ASIC miners (FPGA miners will probably continue to be profitable for a long while--until there is a *lot* of ASIC deployment.
@_date: 2013-09-12 02:18:26
About 1,640 miles, or 2,640 kilometers, but I don't see how that's relevant.  (distance taken between Reykjavik and Geneva)
@_date: 2013-08-10 17:57:38
For the death of the billionaire, yes, those Bitcoins are destroyed.  This does mean that the money supply has reduced, and that has consequences.  Many people here will shrug it off as simply making everyone else's bitcoins more valuable.  There is no problem of "running out" of bitcoins, since each bitcoin is so highly divisible (and since they can be made more divisible by an update to everyone's client).  However, an event like this causes Bitcoin to be ultimately deflationary, which you can see as good or bad.
It's worth pointing out, though, that the ECC that secures wallets will not stand forever--Shor's algorithm in quantum computing can break an ECC private key in a relatively short time.  A common suggestion for dealing with the death of a billionaire "problem" is to re-issue the lost coins, but that is not reasonable since there is no way to tell a "lost" coin from a coin that is just being hoarded.  At some point, though, when the fall of ECC is imminent, Bitcoin will have to jump to a new cryptography technology that is quantum-proof.  When this happens, owners of coins will send their coins from ECC addresses to Post-Quantum addresses, but lost coins will be left behind.  Depending on how this transition goes and how great the threat of the Quantum computers is, this could leave lost coins as fair game to be stolen/redeemed by owners of quantum computers.
As for the hashes per Bitcoin, the better thing to look at is the number of hashes per block, as each block contains just over 25 BTC.  The number varies to make the number of blocks per hour stay close to 6 (1 block/10 minutes).  Every 2 weeks (2016 blocks) the network looks over the past 2016 blocks and sees whether blocks are being mined too fast or too slow and updates the "Difficulty" parameter.  Difficulty is currently 37.3 million.
Thus, it becomes necessary to explore what "Difficulty" means.  It is the number of "Difficulty 1 shares" that it will take, on average, to find a block.  Difficulty 1 shares requires, IIRC, 2^32 hashes, or 4.3 billion.  I know that a 330 million hash/s chip gets about 4.6 shares/minute.  This means that for the current difficulty of 37.3 million it takes, on average, 37.3 million * 4.3 billion, or 160,600,707,076,980,736 hashes, on average, to get 1 block of 25 BTC.  Worldwide one person every 10 minutes gets this.
It is important to note that the difficulty does *not* vary directly based on value, nor does value vary directly based on difficulty.  They are interconnected, but in general a higher difficulty gives a small amount of confidence to the market against 51% attacks (more relevant in new alternative coins), but more importantly, a higher price draws more miners in, which drives up difficulty.  If you see someone claim that "Difficulty is going up so price is sure to follow," kindly slap some sense into them.
Dividing a total world population by the 21 million Bitcoins is an interesting exercise, but don't put too much weight into it as it will give you an unrealistic value of 1 BTC.  Yes, in the future, if there is widespread adoption, the person with 1 BTC is wealthy, but there will still be people with 10,000 BTC that are far wealthier.  I personally don't like examining math like this, since I don't think that we will see worldwide adoption in our lifetimes (and honestly I don't think that Bitcoin proper will be around for long enough for that to happen--it has a huge first mover advantage in Cryptocurrencies, but there are other currencies that have and will pop up that have more advanced features).
In the end, though, Bitcoin has posted a substantial gain vs the USD every year since its creation.  While a pizza used to cost 10,000 BTC it is now closer to .1 BTC.  Over time as adoption increases and coins are destroyed the tendency of the price is to rise, which means that small fractions of a BTC are likely to become more and more common place.  I personally have been keeping my wallet in mBTC for some time now (I'm a sucker for seeing a bigger number), and I think that mBTC and uBTC are going to be more and more common in the future.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:02:01
The Litecoin faster block time doesn't really get you much.  People have settled on this idea that "6 confirmations is good enough," since that's what the standard client requires.  However the thing that "confirms" a transaction is not really the number of blocks but the amount of time (or work, really) that is backing it.  
The primary reason why transactions need to be included in blocks is to prevent double spending. A long chain of blocks after a given transaction is included means it is really hard to double spend, because the double-spender would have to have a longer chain of blocks with a different transaction, then he would have to release that chain of blocks.  The safety in BTC and its clones is that it is very hard to come up with even a couple blocks to pull off this attack, much less the 6 that the standard BTC client requires.  To get the same protection that BTC offers, LTC would have to produce 24 blocks *and* have a comparable difficulty.  The only real, meaningful difference here between LTC and BTC is that the standard client for LTC will let you spend coins after a shorter period than the standard BTC client, trading safety for speed.  As far as I understand it, the BTC protocol lets you get the same effect, provided you use a wallet that supports it, by spending coins immediately after getting them (this is how Satoshi Dice is able to send back coins instantly without risk--their response is dependent on your initial transaction, so the payout is invalid if your initial input turns out to be invalid, thus protecting them).
**TL;DR** Litecoin's faster block time doesn't really make the transactions confirmed any faster, from a security standpoint.
Security aside, though, there is a benefit to the faster block time.  Recently, Bitcoin hit the soft block limit--there were as many transactions being published as the network wanted to process.  In a few years we're probably looking at the hard block limit, where the solution will not be as simple.  Litecoin has an inherent advantage here in that the blocks can be the same size as Bitcoin blocks, but 4 times as many transactions can be confirmed in the same time, thus supporting the Litecoin desire to be the "sliver" to Bitcoin's "gold."  Only time will tell if this turns out to work; I think a protocol change in BTC is more likely, but it is at lest a possibility.
Also, if your threshold is the bare minimum of 1 confirmation (i.e. you want the transaction included in *some* block) then LTC would be a few minutes faster.
**Way TL; Still DR** LTC can probably confirm just a hair faster, and can probably confirm more transactions per hour, but Bitcoin is adaptable enough to overcome these problems on its own.
As a disclaimer, I actually kind of like Litecoin, but only as an in-between to mine BTC:  I can mine LTC and exchange it and make more mining than if I were to just mine BTC (most days; I check pretty often as they fluctuate quite a bit).
@_date: 2013-08-13 05:42:23
And Satoshi could have easily sent the transaction from a *very* old address from the first weeks/months of mining to demonstrate his identity.  Satoshi is smart enough to do that if he wanted to claim ownership of this message, so I feel that it is reasonable to believe that this is *not* from Satoshi himself.
@_date: 2013-06-02 21:43:26
1) In bitcoin-qt create a new address, then copy it to the clipboard.  
2) Click [**this**]( link and paste the address from your client into the place where it says "ThisIsYourWithdrawBitcoinAddress".  
3) Send
4) ????
5) Profit (i.e. it arrives in your wallet).
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:22:44
Perhaps it's a bandwidth issue?  It takes very little bandwidth to just get the block headers (which is all you need as long as you trust other nodes to verify everything)--easily enough to hide under the radar.  I don't know the bandwidth that getting the transactions would require, but it would have to be quite a bit more.
@_date: 2013-10-08 17:55:29
There's an [xkcd for that]( too!
@_date: 2013-07-19 06:48:44


Why not?  It looks like it's just scrypt.  Unless they buggered up the getwork protocol it should be straightforward to just point cgminer at the default client.
@_date: 2013-10-18 22:53:09
Holy crap... over 160 golds given so far, by my count.  I'm genuinely curious how this type of marketing compares to other approaches.
Do you have any plans to branch out into other currencies?  Naturally Bitcoin and Litecoin have been first, but I would love to see even more (especially my personal favorite, Primecoin, but I've always been in cryptocurrencies for the technology more than the money).  I realize it's more work and more things to break, but since most cryptocurrencies are forks of Bitcoin in some way or another it ought to be relatively simple to add more once you're comfortable with the way the BTC and LTC orderbooks are going. 
Also, how many hoops do new traders have to jump through in order to fund their account with fiat and/or withdraw fiat after a trade?  I'm probably going to need to sell some BTC in the not-too-distant future and enjoy options; Gox and BTC-E both don't strike me as attractive options which only really leaves me with Bitstamp (nothing against them; I just like to have a choice). 
@_date: 2013-04-28 22:08:49
No.  D-wave and other quantum computers are very good at solving certain types of problem, such as finding the factors of a prime number (Shor's algorithm; the specific problem is the "discrete logarithm").  However, there is not a known quantum computing solution to the inverse SHA-256 hash, which would be required in order to mine all remaining coins.
The real threat that quantum computers pose is that they are able to break a lot of types of encryption that are in use today for everything from credit cards to bitcoin *addresses*, specifically Elliptic curve cryptography and RSA public key cryptography.  Both of those techniques involve a method whereby a very, very large (hundreds or thousands of decimal digits) composite number may be found such that the factorization of it is known to each party but not to a third party that can intercept all communication between those parties.  The strength of the cryptography hinges on the difficulty in finding the factorization of the very large number.  On a standard, digital computer the algorithms to factor it would take millions of years.  A quantum computer, however, could solve the problem in O(n^3) time--not more than a few hours, most likely.
This means that if someone has a quantum computer and knows the public key for an address then they can derive the private key for that address and use that private key to spend (i.e. steal) those bitcoins.  There is a defense to this, though--the addresses that are used to receive bitcoins are a hash of the public key, not the key itself.  The public key is only publicly revealed when coins are spent from the address.  If one never receives bitcoins at an address that has been used to spend coins then they will be safe from quantum computing attacks.  Note, also, that the established financial system (credit cards, banks, etc) would be much more vulnerable to a quantum computing attack, since they require their public keys to be known.
There are some good videos on youtube that describe these crytographic methods, if you want to learn more about them.
@_date: 2013-12-28 15:45:49
iMessage isn't as encrypted as Apple would like you to think.  They hold the encryption keys--if they didn't then you wouldn't be able to see your old messages when you switch to a different device.  You should expect Apple to have access to every word you send to or from an Apple device, and you should expect the NSA to scan it as well.  Android is probably no better out of the box.
I do agree, though--this post has nothing to do with Bitcoin and shouldn't be on this subreddit.  Apple's anti-Bitcoin stance is far too tenuous of a link. 
@_date: 2013-08-17 06:37:42
Estimated reward gets added to unconfirmed reward when the pool finds a block.  Unconfirmed rewards get added to the confirmed rewards when either 100 or 120 (I forget which of these Slush uses) blocks get found somewhere in the network (not just the ones found on Slush's pool).
It's quite possible that the display was just broken--the website seems to be down for maintenance right now (mining is uninterrupted). 
@_date: 2013-08-08 22:02:59
I've known your pain.  A year or so ago I tried to list a FirePro graphics card on the Bitcoin forums and got a similar response.  I hadn't provided a picture (it was inconvenient to take the picture and I wasn't desperate to sell) and apparently my wording was "incredibly suspect," despite requesting escrow (which you should strongly consider--it protects you and the buyer and builds confidence).
Good luck selling these things.
@_date: 2013-09-09 18:49:33
That's one interpretation, and I respect your right to interpret it that way, but there are so many more ways that Bitcoin can be viewed.
For some, Bitcoin is about smashing the *bank.*  It gives individuals the power to protect their wealth more securely than any bank ever could.
For others, Bitcoin is about smashing Credit Cards or Paypal.  It destroys chargeback fraud outright and offers fees that are simply too low for those services to compete with.
Still others may view Bitcoin as smashing services like Western Union, offering round-the-globe money sending services for virtually no fee, far faster than a "wire" can accomplish.
Bitcoin offers a lot of different advantages, and it doesn't have to be "about" any one of them--it's peer to peer, open source, and pretty much completely decentralized, so saying that it's "about" one thing is at least a little bit nonsensical.  If you want to use Bitcoin as a vector to subvert a state that you disagree with then by all means feel free, but I for one want to see Bitcoin adopted above all else.  Without adoption none of these advantages can advance.  To me that means getting as much over-the-table business brought to Bitcoin as possible, and *that* means selling the most savory aspects of Bitcoin.
All too often I have tried to introduce people (especially older people) to Bitcoin and they will chime in with some bit of information that they've heard about how it's just a haven for scams, drugs, and tax evaders.  When that's their first impression it is nearly impossible to fight the uphill battle to get them to accept the positive (by their metrics) aspects of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 10:55:55
Something something something diversify.  Or don't, if you wouldn't be upset to potentially lose it all.
That said, I doubt that we have seen our last bubble, and I believe the fundamentals behind the protocol make it an outstanding candidate as the money of the future.  If nothing else, it'll be fun to watch.
@_date: 2013-04-05 08:17:51
I'm wouldn't consider myself an expert, but I'll word this really confidently if it makes you feel better.
My best guess here is that this is a transaction from a miner.  If you notice, almost all of the inputs to those transactions are the same--19sXx...  The inputs all look to be in about the same general range--around a bitcent or so.  This really strikes me as the type of setup a miner will have if they are accepting daily payouts from their pool.  Probably, with the recent spike in price that user decided that he wanted to move the coins, perhaps to cash out or to buy something, or perhaps just moving coins to cold storage.
Now, I would think that the network would be able to just bundle all of these inputs into one when sending this transaction, but perhaps the client he is using does not support that.  Someone more experienced with the differences between the clients could probably shed more light.  At any rate, the way that the transaction is formed certainly *is* a valid transaction, and there is no way to change the "wording" of the transaction without access to the private key\*.  It strikes me more as sloppy programming of a client than malicious activity.  If anyone recognizes this behavior from a specific client then it would be swell if the developers of that client could go ahead and fix it--Satoshi Dice is doing enough to bloat the blockchain as is.
As to the question of if this *can* be done maliciously, I'm pretty sure it can, but the effect wouldn't be that harsh.  For a large transaction like that to be competitive at being included in the blockchain it would need a sizable fee associated with it; the benefit to the network offsets the detriment.  If the sender didn't include the fee then the miners can just ignore the transaction and the network goes right along about its business without worrying about the transaction.  Eventually it will make it into the blockchain, but all that does is make people running full nodes write some extra data.  They could try to clog the pipes since there is currently a block size limit of something like 1MB, but unless they include substantial fees they will be the ones clogged out of the system.  At the end of the day, this is not an attractive attack method against Bitcoin.
The idea of maliciously formed transactions is not entirely infeasible, though.  Some time ago someone on the bitcoin talk forum came up with the idea of a transaction that is fairly small but which requires on the order of several minutes to verify.  IIRC that attack was made impotent by a change in the QT client in 0.8, but similar types of attack probably exist and haven't been discovered yet.  
\* *When someone makes a transaction they make a message that is something to the effect of "Wallet ABC transfers  to Wallet XYZ," then signs the message.  If they make their message something really long and complicated that doesn't really add more info, like repeating the ABC to XYZ message 100 times with 1/100 the value, then no 3rd party can change the wording to an equivalent expression, because the new wording is not signed.  Only the holder of the private key (wallet) can sign the message, so if they're really inefficient in how the message is constructed, others have to deal with it.*
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:45:58
You have to remember/store a secure passphrase to make this work.
If you can remember/store a secure passphrase then you don't need this product (e.g. brain wallet).
Did I miss anything?
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:14:14
You missed the point.  You missed the point *entirely*. (and yes, I get the sarcasm of your post)
The point was never where will the roads come from.  The point was where *did* the roads come from.  If I built the road on land that I owned (land that I bought from those who originally claimed and homesteaded it) using materials and labor that I purchased then I get to decide who is allowed to use it and what they have to pay in order to do so, and we *have* roads just like this--my home town has a few very nice toll roads that put the nearby interstate highways to shame.  The owners of these roads have decided to jack the prices up as high as possible so it's not a good *value* to me, but the point is that the roads exist for anyone to use as long as they are willing to pay.
But I didn't build the roads.  The government built the roads--at least most of them.  And they built and funded the school.  They maintain emergency services, and they do a great many things.  When someone lives in that nation they receive quite a few of these benefits without choice--you can't opt out of federally funded cancer research, the defense of the nation against others that would do the nation harm, the investment in industrial scale infrastructure (infrastructure that an individual would never be in need of as an individual), and so on.  However, they also offer many services that one *can* opt out of--you can make minimal use of infrastructure; you can go to private schools; you can ignore all accreditation given by the state when selecting professionals (you don't get to check if your electrician is certified by the government).
The crux of my point is, therefore, that someone who knowingly, willingly, and intentionally reaps benefits from a government that they could have avoided has entered into contract with that government and should expect the associated "fine print" to apply.  If they have not reaped reasonably avoidable benefits then I see no grounds for the social contract to exist, but that is seldom how a dismissal of the idea of a social contract is posited, which to me is disingenuous.
Now, many states have arrangements with their peoples that are quite inequitable, and those peoples should certainly seek to renegotiate (or, *perhaps* dissolve, but I'm not sure I want to open that can of worms) the contract, but to pretend that an individual taking avoidable benefits from the state is not entering into a contract is madness. 
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:18:50
Gmail.  In the wake of Lavabit it is clear that there is no such thing as truly encrypted email, and I like Gmail's features.
@_date: 2013-08-15 17:18:39
I don't have specific experience with this, but one thing I would like to stress is that in Bitcoin one cannot give someone else a private key; it can only be shared (or, at least, you can never fully trust that the key is no longer held by the sending party).  The person who "gave" the key can still have a copy and therefore can spend the coins at any time. 
This is easy to remedy, though.  Just create a new address (sorry, never used the blockchain wallet because I don't trust any web-based wallet, so I can't say how) and send the balance to that address from the address that you were given by btcquick.  If the address you were given has no BTC then you may have missed something (or may have been scammed, but don't jump to conclusions).
If you search for the address on blockchain.info does it show up as having BTC?
@_date: 2013-08-18 23:19:17
The best hardware is going to be AMD GPUs on motherboards with lots of PCIe slots (or use riser cables).
You want a cheap CPU, only need a small amount of RAM (2GB should be fine), and can run the whole thing off of a thumb drive with Linux to save power and cost on hard drives.  
You might want dual power supplies since power supplies that can handle 4+ GPU rigs on their own are expensive.  That means you need to be able to trigger both power supplies off of a single switch; look up how to do that.
Cases are at your discretion and are aesthetic as much as they are functional.  Home made racks are feasible, especially if you go for riser cables.
The real question is which GPU to use, which the guys over at the above mentioned subreddits should be able to help you out with.  You can check out [this]( page to see examples.  The AMD HD 7XXX series is going to be the fastest, with the 7970 as the king of the roost.  However, older cards, all the way back to the HD 5XXX series, are likely going to be much cheaper to buy.  You'd have to do a cost analysis to decide whether hardware or electricity costs are your primary concern.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:31:40
This gets posted just about every time this discussion pops up, and it is just wrong.
Yes, it's possible that you will be richer if you buy a mining rig and the price of Bitcoin goes up.  However, in that case, you would have been richer if you had just held your Bitcoins instead of buying hardware.  
The *only* thing that matters in looking at whether or not it is a good idea to buy hardware (from an economic standpoint) is whether it will make more BTC than it cost you to buy it (assuming you already have the BTC).  Trying to bring the exchange rate into things is only necessary when you start looking at how long you can mine with it before it is not profitable to mine anymore.
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:26:25
I believe that at the heart of a Bitcoin ASIC it is a SHA256 accelerator, but it is probably a double-round SHA256 (i.e. Bitcoin uses SHA256(SHA256(stuff))).  Depending on how the ASIC was designed, you may or may not be able to even specify just what "stuff" is, as an ASIC capable of billions of hashes per second is probably handling a lot of the construction of "stuff" directly on the die for bandwidth reasons.
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:21:35
Bitcoinity reports the prices at Mt Gox (Magic the Gathering Online eXchange), which has been having real problems with cash withdrawals.  The USD on Gox therefore are worth less, so the price is higher.
Mt Gox was the first big exchange to trade BTC/USD, and was really the only game in town, which is why a lot of sources still cite the Gox rate as *the* Bitcoin price.  They are hemorrhaging  market share, though, most services are starting to catch wise and use a different metric for price.
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:23:43
To move the encrypted .dat to the new computer, go to the new computer and download and install the bitcoin-qt wallet and let it sync (this will take a long time).
When it's finished, go to the bitcoin data directory (by default it's %APPDATA%\\roaming\\bitcoin) and find the automatically created wallet.dat file in that folder.  Make sure the wallet application isn't running then delete that file and replace it with the backup file you have.
At this point you should be able to re-launch the wallet application and procede as normal.  When sending coins or doing other actions that require an unencrypted wallet you'll have to enter your passphrase as normal.
You can also look into using pywallet to recover your keys directly if you don't want to run a full node (e.g. Bitcoin QT) and prefer a lightweight wallet instead (e.g. electrum), but I'm not familiar enough with that to be able to speak on its use. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 05:11:01
You can make paper wallets with a N of M requirement--like a 2 of 3.  You can make 3 paper wallets such that you need any 2 of the 3 in order to spend the coins.  You can do this with any fraction.  Thus, as long as your house doesn't burn down on the same day that your deposit box gets searched you're good.  
@_date: 2013-03-30 05:40:17
Ummm... this is already possible?   
This may just be part of blockchain.info, but that's something, at least.
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:08:51
I don't use PGP, but I probably should.  I don't keep any funds on exchanges, though, so my risk is mitigated there.
As for whether or not PGP qualifies as "truly encrypted," I feel that even that is not 100% safe.  It is certainly better than just about anything else out there, though.
In essence, my observation is that the NSA is claimed to be storing massive amounts of encrypted traffic, likely encrypted largely through PGP or similar technologies.  If that allegation is true (which it very well may not be) then it seems likely to me that the NSA or another part of the government has found a weakness (or inserted a backdoor) in PGP.  To me, the most likely weakness is the known weakness of PGP to quantum computing.  If we have quantum computers that are publicly known starting to pop up, how long do you thing the government has had quantum technology?  Look at similar technologies in the past and it tends to come out that the government is a decade or two ahead of the curve.
Now, if the government can break PGP then that won't help a hacker to steal my money or to track me, and I don't think anyone would say that using PGP is bad.  Part of developing your security approach is knowing who you're trying to stay secure against, and for almost all targets PGP is an effectively impenetrable defense.  I do not believe it to be a perfectly secure encryption, though, as it could be broken either now or in the not-too-distant future by quantum computing or another breakthrough.
@_date: 2013-10-22 06:53:56
There are a few players right now who have the motive and opportunity to attack Bitcoin, and the list is pretty much exclusively governments.  People who have been with Bitcoin for a couple of years see how much bigger Bitcoin is now than it was 2-3 years ago and it feels huge and unstoppable, but in the grand scheme of things it's still quite small--the market cap is only a little over 2 billion USD, while there are individual people for whom that would be less than 10% of their net worth.  The US had a budget of over $10 billion USD per *day* in 2011.
So yes, for now the network is tiny.  A few thousand miners designed and manufactured by a high-end established company (e.g. Intel, AMD, etc) could 51% the network like nobody's business.
I don't believe this will ever be carried out, though.  Why?  Because another cryptocurrency could just spring from the ashes.  A 51% attacker can suppress a network, but they can't screw with the coins themselves (i.e. if I own 10 BTC and an attack starts, they can't make a transaction that sends my 10 BTC to a random address).  So what happens when some government decides to sink a few million dollars into SHA256 ASICS?  The devs scramble and port the Bitcoin blockchain to Scrypt and people fire up their GPUs again.  Government sinks tons of money into GPUs to try to 51% that?  Switch to Cunningham chains from Primecoin.  Government sinks tons of money into CPUs?  Switch to Proof-of-stake from PPCoin and be *very* careful who you sell your Bitcoins to.  It would be a game of whack-a-mole.  Even if they could squash Bitcoin they would have to 51% *every* new coin, and a 51% attack to try to destroy the currency is based on refusing to confirm transactions--it's only effective while it's going on.
I don't mean to imply that I think that Bitcoin is invincible--it certainly has its vulnerabilities (although it has fewer vulnerabilities than most things)--but I don't think that a government buying up ASIC power is a probable scenario to worry about. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:09:08
It *does* pay to steal other people's lunches, though, and this is *critical* to the attack in the original paper.  Ignoring this fact is the only way that this blog post even begins to make sense, but it also makes the blog post wrong.  In fact, it pays to just shit in other people's lunches even if you don't outright take them (i.e. causing others' blocks to become orphaned directly benefits the greedy miner).
Mining payout of an honest 25% pool should be 25% of the total Bitcoins produced.  The total Bitcoins produced in a period of time is held roughly constant by adjusting the difficulty.  Thus, if you can take some action by which you lose 20% of your speed (thus making your speed be 20% of the original network speed), then by that same action you reduce the rest of the network's by 33% (thus making their speed be 50% of the original network speed) then you will gain.  You would start with 25% of the weekly Bitcoins produced and would end with about 28.5% (20/(20+50)).
That is the idea behind the "25% attack."  You hurt your own mining speed, but you *also* hurt the speed of honest miners.  For the first (up to) 2 weeks of the attack everyone loses.  However, after the difficulty readjusts the rate at which Bitcoins are produced returns to normal.  Since the greedy miners hurt the honest miners more than they hurt themselves they wind up with a net gain by this approach.
Don't believe me?  Run [this program]( that I wrote.  It is a simulation of the attack being carried out.  I've found that the published values are accurate--the attackers need 25% of the network before the attack breaks even if they are able to get 50% of the honest nodes to accept their block during a race and they need 33% of the network before they break even if none of the honest nodes choose to build on the attackers' block during a race.  OP's math is hand-wavy and wrong.  Cornell's math turns out to be right.
Now, that doesn't mean that the attack is viable--if a pool were to do this then the pool would quickly lose reputation as scammers and anti-Bitcoin--but the *math* is at least accurate. 
@_date: 2013-08-20 00:03:14
Pro-inflation arguments tend to look not at the individual but at the economy as a whole--if I have USD that are going to be worth less tomorrow then I am more likely to spend that money than to hoard it.  I am more willing to take a loan denominated in USD than BTC because there is very little risk that the real value of the loan is going to grow out of control.  I am not aware of a modern deflationary currency that has been used on a national scale, so any argument claiming that inflation *or* deflation is better is necessarily based on some amount of conjecture.
Arguments in favor of PoS point out that it achieves security while not requiring massive expenditures of electricity to mine.  I would argue that PoS is *more* decentralized, since there are more people who hold Bitcoin than there are who mine Bitcoin.
But that is all neither here nor there--we've digressed down the wrong rabbit hole.  My core argument is that it is possible that an altcoin exists or will exist that has some property that makes it better than Bitcoin but which also makes it unsuitable to be implemented in Bitcoin.  You've already conceded that adding inflation to Bitcoin would be unlikely to be adopted, which I would assert is a proof of the existence of features which are unsuitable to be implemented in Bitcoin.
From there, all my argument needs for plausibility is for one to accept that one of the features that is unsuitable for implementation in Bitcoin is better in some way.  It really doesn't matter which one.  Inflation has plenty of problems.  PoS could be insecure.  ASIC-resistant mining algorithms have questionable benefits.  There are all manner of changes that people have proposed and implemented into altcoins, and they will continue to do so.  The way I see it 95% of altcoins give the rest a bad name.  Eventually, though, one could come along and offer something better.  It is for that reason that I reject altcoins one at a time instead of all at once in a blanket "all altcoins are bad" type of statement.
@_date: 2013-04-07 11:27:54
If your point is that bigger pools have less variance so someone optimizing for variance will go to a bigger pool then I agree.  Optimizing for one variable (variance)--especially when it varies monotonically with another (pool hash rate)-- is easy, and bigger pool clearly equals lower variance; inexperienced or uneducated miners will likely go to the biggest pools without thought to its effect on the network power balance.
On the other hand, if you are stating that the variance of a 10% pool is unacceptably high then I disagree with that opinion.  If the pool is PPS or a similar system then there is virtually no variance (although this is at the risk of the pool operator, which can be substantial at the &lt;1% size when the pool starts up).  Even in a proportional pool or similar (e.g. Slush's score based system) the pool will possibly have good and bad days, but they will seldom have substantially good or bad *weeks* or *months*.  I am of the opinion that such a variance ought to be more than sufficient for an investor in mining.  If someone is so strapped for cash that that they cannot weather a day with a low payout then they need to be in a less volatile market than Bitcoin.
As to the point about being unlucky in the last day of a difficulty period, I don't buy that argument.  It tends to suggest that somehow the last day of one difficulty period is more valuable than the first day of that period.  You quote Slush's luck in the last day of last difficulty; I would be curious to see his luck for the full ~2 weeks of that difficulty.  Any mining someone did for Slush during that period would have been done with the expectation of being paid at a rate consistent with the 6.7 Million difficulty, so I'm curious what their actual return over that period is.  I notice that his 30 day luck is listed at 104%, while his 7 day is 105%.  Is 4-5% variance for a couple of weeks really unacceptably high?  
@_date: 2013-08-24 04:51:21
Glad to hear you're employed (didn't mean to suggest you weren't).  My point was that there's really no way to get free Bitcoins.  A few years ago you could have invested in a few GPUs and made a remarkable ROI.  These days margins are razor thin and you'd be lucky to wind up with a quarter of minimum wage on the time and effort you put in.
If you're just looking for extra cash on the side you might check out They're really fond of Amazon's mTurk (mechanical Turk--doing tasks that are simple to humans but complicated to computers, like surveys or writing subtitles), which is similar to some of the Bitcoin sites, but it actually gives a reliable, decent income.  You're not likely to find anything as lucrative in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:59:41
Sorry that I confused you.
You are absolutely correct that a difficulty jump will make it harder to produce blocks, and that blocks will therefore be produced at a slower rate.  This is actually a key design of the network:  the network automatically adjusts to try to target a 10 minute block time.
The way that this works is that every 2016 blocks (this is 1 block/10 minutes \* 60 minutes / hour \* 24 hours/day \* 14 days / 2 weeks \* 2 weeks / readjustment period; 2016 is the number of 10 minute periods in 2 weeks) the network looks at how long the most recent set of 2016 blocks' generation took.  If the past 2016 blocks were generated in less than 2 weeks then the network adjusts the difficulty up; if it took longer than 2 weeks then the difficulty is adjusted down.  In either case, the difficulty is set to whatever it *should* have been over the last 2016 blocks to make those blocks be generated in an average of 10 minutes each.
When we apply that reasoning to the most recent set of 2016 blocks before the difficulty adjustment, we see that the blocks were generated substantially faster than 10 minutes per block on average.  This is likely the result of a lot of ASICs coming online, as well as the high prices we've seen.  With all of this extra hashing power, the blocks were solved in about 7 minutes on average (30% less than the target of 10 minutes).  In response to this, the network raised the difficulty by about 30% in an attempt to return the target of 10 minutes per block.
I hope I've made things clearer, and not served to further muddle things up.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:38:50
Sending the transaction with fees is the preferred method, of course.  I'm just looking at cases where the sender cheaps out on the fees and the receiver wants the coins faster.  I'd be interested in seeing the information on resending with fees (non-malicious double-spend seems most likely), but that once again requires the sender's approval--if the sender wanted more fees then they should have included them when they first sent the transaction.
Thanks for the reply, though! I think it's an interesting area to investigate.
@_date: 2013-07-10 23:51:25
There is not yet a pool for the currency, but it's just a matter of time.
Also, note that the difficulty has multiplied by about 100 (by my estimates--the difficulty model is a bit weird in Primecoin) since launch, so my initial mining success may not be indicative of even short term profitability.  
@_date: 2013-03-31 21:35:01
No.  To understand why that is a terrible model, you have to understand what keys are.
Bitcoin is based on a certain type of cryptography, which uses keys.  Keys are generated in pairs--a public key and a private key.   They are named in that way because the public key may be freely shared without any danger of the cryptography being broken, while the private key must be kept secret.  A key is just a string of data--a number, but the number has some interesting properties.
The first interesting property is that if you have a private key you can generate the corresponding public key, but the reverse is not true.  This means that while you can freely share the public key without worrying about someone finding your private key, you can always find your public key from the private key.
The next interesting property is that a message encrypted by one can be decrypted by the other.  This is sort of like if you had a code for encrypting things just shifts letters--a becomes b, b becomes c, etc.  Your key pair could be something like 4 and -4.  Encrypting something by increasing every letter by 4 (i.e. a becomes e, b becomes f, etc.) can be decrypted by decreasing every letter by 4.  Conversely, if we first encrypted everything with the -4 (i.e. decreased every letter by 4) then we could decrypt it with the other key.  This algorithm of increasing and decreasing each letter is pretty weak, obviously, since either key is easy to find from the other (just multiply by -1) and since the key space (number of possible keys) is only 26.  The bitcoin keyspace is, if I recall correctly, 2^160.
So what does this allow us to do?  Well, one really useful thing you can do is you can prove that you know the private key associated with a given public key.  I can say "If you take this message: '...' and encrypt it with my key, you get '...'. "  Anyone can then go and use the public key to decrypt the message and see that it matches the unencrypted message, but it is virtually impossible to determine the private key from any of that information.  Making the statement not only proves that person making the statement has the private key, but also proves that they chose to "sign," or authorize the contents of the message.
How does that apply to Bitcoin?  An address consists of a public and private key pair.  You can freely distribute the public key, which is the payment addresses you see, like 1Aw8UU7Dqx9RweepuDdMkJQVtNNE7SrYqn (shameless plug of my own address :)).  When people send coins, they make their message "Send  coins from &lt;public key of my address&gt; to &lt;public key of receiver&gt;"  (it has a little more data than that).  They then run that message through the encryption algorithm using their private key and transmit both the unencrypted form of the message and the encrypted form for verification by the miners (or any other node that wants to verify it).  The miners check that the source account has the funds available, then they check that decrypting the encrypted message with the public key of the source address yields a message that exactly matches the unencrypted form.  If it does, it accepts the transaction!
The real important part of this is that nobody who doesn't have the private key can change the message without causing the signature to fail; however, anyone who does have the private key can publish and sign any transaction from that public key (bitcoin address).  This means that anyone who gets the private key to an address can freely spend the full contents of the wallet.  This makes it *incredibly* dangerous to input a private key to a website like blockchain.info, as phishing attacks could likely get quite a few wallets.  Additionally, the private keys are pretty long and made of what appears to be gibberish (like the public addresses), so they are hardly useful as login information.
@_date: 2013-03-30 03:44:43
1 BTC / .025 (BTC/day) = 40 days.  I suspect that the GTX 660 isn't really helping in any significant way.
I can get .04 BTC/day with a 6970 and a FirePro v7800 (radeon 5850 more or less).  I'm sitting at 20 days per BTC with two pretty good cards.
If I mine LTC and immediately exchange them for BTC I get .06 BTC/day with these cards (the firepro is optimized for memory bandwidth, so scrypt runs faster on it that would be expected for a gaming card).  That's 16+ days per BTC, and is nearing the limit of what you can expect from even a high end computer (i.e. not a mining rig that is almost nothing but GPUs and PSUs).
(even with these profits, it is barely above power costs to mine; I mine as much for the hobby of it as the actual profit--maybe $120 gross income per month before electricity costs)
@_date: 2013-09-09 05:14:34
The core developer is Mr. Jeff Garzik.  If you want to find out more about him I'm sure Google will serve you well (his Twitter is  and he keeps a blog at  or perhaps he will jump in personally; I certainly cannot speak for him.
As for capital gains, yes, those laws apply for when a profit is taken in USD.  If we are living in "Bitcoin land" then capital gains taxes aren't likely to apply.  They do apply to those who speculate on Bitcoins, though, and always have.  Taxing Bitcoin gains in this way is nothing new.
When it comes to someone living entirely in Bitcoins other tax law comes into play.  If I get paid in my job in blocks of Gold then that is still income.  The exact valuation of said gold is somewhat of a debatable point, but fortunately there exists a healthy market for converting between Gold and USD which can serve as an outstanding reference for the IRS.  I'm sure that the IRS would take a similar approach to someone being paid in BTC as they would take for someone paid in Gold.  The IRS employs many experts whose job it is to determine the USD valuation of various things, but it would not take an expert to google "Value of 1 BTC" and come up with something very close to what anyone might expect.
As for when you then go to buy something with that gold you are subject to Barter tax regulations.  This body of tax law is not simple and I don't claim to be an expert on it, but the crux of it is that you cannot legally avoid taxes by "bartering" (i.e. not using USD).  Without these laws it would be possible for someone to trivially avoid taxes in very much the way you describe, so the IRS jumped on that and now it's illegal (and has been, effectively, forever).  Practically speaking it is likely that individuals can barter with colored feathers or Bitcoins, but I intend to state the legal status of such things, not the likelihood of the government responding--both are subject to barter laws.  You can read about barter law on [this]( IRS webpage. 
It seems that somewhere along the lines you have associated USD with the requirement to pay tax.  That is not the case.  Citizens are taxed because they are citizens.  This is why we have "sales" tax, "income" tax, "capital gains" tax, and so on, and not "US Dollars" tax.  Ever heard of someone receiving a house in a sweepstakes only to have to sell it for tax reasons?  Houses are absolutely *not* USD, but they have a value that can be expressed in USD and are taxed as a gift or a windfall or something to that effect (I'm not an accountant; [this]( source suggests it's taxed as income).  The government taxes *value*, not *dollars*, and they are the ones who determine the value of goods (See: Tax Assessor).
As for your excerpt, it establishes the legality of a business accepting Bitcoin and refusing to accept Bitcoin, which I don't think has ever really come into question.  It does not establish anything one way or the other with respect to taxation, which is the point of discussion.
Finally, I do not claim to know why OP made this post, but it seems to me that it is in response to some sort of pending legislation (I can't find anything on what that legislation might be).  Such legislation is likely making the tax situation for Bitcoin clearer--it largely falls into existing tax law but it is somewhat of an awkward fit; clearer guidance would help that problem.  Also, I think that OP's point is referring to the ease with which he feels a Bitcoin user could evade taxes, not claiming that Bitcoin is not subject to tax in the first place.
For more information, you can check out [the]( resource on the Bitcoin wiki.  It echos a lot of what I've said but it also adds more.
@_date: 2013-08-26 00:51:01
You plug them in and run a program--typically cgminer.  The USB stick has a specialized processor on board that gets about the hash rate of a mid to high level GPU but at only a couple of Watts.  The mining program (cgminer) connects to the network and sends the appropriate work to the miner.  It takes almost no CPU power.
You should probably join a pool, since the average time to find a block is on the order of months, but if you want to gamble with solo mining then that's an option.
As to protecting the blockchain, it all comes down to the idea of increasing the network hash rate.  Most of the attacks against Bitcoin are 51% attacks where someone amasses enough hashing power to take on the network.  If they have half of the global hash rate or more then they will always win eventually, and they can destroy Bitcoin, execute double spending attacks, etc.  By mining you increase the amount of hashing power that an attacker would have to collect in order to do this attack.
@_date: 2013-08-01 19:51:50
Very nice video.  I don't think the coverage of the 51% attacks was quite spot on, though.  It made it sound like an attacker with 50% of the network power would have a 50% chance to win after 1 block, a 25% chance after 2, a 12.5% chance after 3, and so on, when in reality a 50% attacker has a 50% chance to be ahead after 1 block, a 50% chance to be ahead after 2 blocks, a 50% chance to be ahead after 3 blocks, and so on, and only ever has to come ahead once to succeed, making their cumulative odds more like 50%, 75%, 87.5%, etc.  I felt like this could have been stated more clearly.
Other than that, though, it was really a nice video.  It goes over all of the important details of the Bitcoin protocol and explains why they are necessary.  Bitcoin would be well served if this video were more widely seen.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:14:07
Do **NOT** include any part of the passphrase.  That reduces the search space to be trivially small for anyone with a brain, a computer, and the internet.  If you're going to include part of the passphrase then you would be better served by just donating the whole sum to Sean's Outpost--they'd lose their coins anyway and at least this way they go to a good cause.
Sending them a message to that address could help, but since it's a brain wallet they probably won't notice money being added or subtracted for a while unless they keep the public (and/or private) key loaded on a live wallet. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 05:00:49
The only altcoin that *might* be safer *in some circumstances* is Litecoin, simply because it's not Bitcoin and the hardware needed to attack Bitcoin couldn't attack Litecoin.  At its core, though, it's more vulnerable--it's a smaller network.
Most of the altcoins are really garbage.  You can check out just how many there are at   When coins are just a parameter change away from Bitcoin or another altcoin they really just exist as an attempt for early adopters/creators to make a quick buck off of foolish optimism.
However, there are a few that are interesting experiments that are worth looking into for academic reasons.  At the top of that list would be PPCoin, which introduces Proof-of-stake.  Namecoin is interesting but it's not really intended as a currency.  Novacoin is, in my mind, a junk coin, but it does well in value; it's just PPCoin + Scrypt (from Litecoin).  
Finally, I'm actually a fan of Primecoin, since it does (arguably) useful scientific work with its "hashing," thus giving a good option for people who like to participate in distributed computing projects (e.g. Folding SETI GIMPS, etc) and also like to participate in cryptocoins.  There are already people willing to run distributed computing projects at a loss compared to the cost of electricity, which means that for the same interest the chain is stronger against 51% attacks.  It's also a predominantly CPU coin, which has its benefits and disadvantages. 
I do not see any other cryptocoin as being worthwhile to even look into, although proponents of other chains are welcome to tell me why your favorite coin is a worthwhile innovation. 
If you're a gambler then you can put a little money in a handful of your favorite altcoins while they're young and see how they'll do.  I wish I had kept my litecoins--I solo-mined hundreds towards the beginning of the chain.  However, outside of gambling they don't really present much in the way of utility to a user of the currency, which is the flaw of essentially every altcoin--they tend to have changes from Bitcoin that benefit the *miner,* not the user.  
@_date: 2013-11-17 00:23:47
Max of 4 for setups where the GPUs cooperate, yes (i.e. CrossFire or SLI).  You can run typically up to 8 (or possibly more) as long as each GPU is running independently.  This isn't useful for graphics typically (although some people enjoy using basterdized systems--I run a Radeon 6970 and a FirePro v7800 and different monitors off each) but can have some advantages in high performance computing.  
High performance computing customers aren't going to want to mess with riser cables and all that mess, though--they'll just buy a ready-to-go system from a retailer who sells such things.  If they *do* want to build a computer they'll just go for a motherboard with lots of physically x16 slots even if they only run at, say, x1 or x4 (assuming their computation is not bottlenecked by data transmission speeds), like [this]( beauty. 
@_date: 2013-08-09 18:38:41
That's the energy cost for the erupter itself.  Don't forget to add in the energy lost to an AC to DC converter, as well as the host system (hopefully a Raspberry Pi or similar).  Also, there's some heat that has to be removed by the air conditioning system most likely (unless you are in a cold climate--lucky you).  All told the cost is likely double that, give or take.
That said, though, your general idea is absolutely correct--they take so little energy that it will take a *lot* for them to become unprofitable to mine with.  By my math, the Block Erupters are bringing in about $0.45/day right now, which is essentially all profit.  I actually think that Block Erupters are profitable to buy right now, and will break even sometime next spring; I hope they are robust enough to not break before then, and think that this is a reasonable expectation.  
The main point I wanted to make is that looking at the BTC/USD price and using that to claim that there is a ROI sooner is a flawed line of thinking.
@_date: 2013-08-09 15:32:20
There's something that needs to be pointed out:  Bitcoin is inflationary right now, more so than a lot of fiat currencies.  The mining rewards are increasing the money supply 1.3 million BTC/year, compared with a total supply of 11.5 million, for a yearly inflation of 11 percent.  That *must* be considered when looking at the value of Bitcoin, which is holding pretty steady despite the inflation (at least, it's holding steady against the Dollar, and I think we all know where the Dollar is going).
That said though, the general philosophical question of inflation vs deflation goes very much as you have described.  Inflation encourages spending and rewards debt, while deflation encourages saving and punishes debt.  There has been a lot of economic theory put into exploring the benefits of inflation vs deflation, and the general consensus is that neither is great in large doses, but a little inflation tends to be best for the economy as a whole.
You mention wanting to invest in a currency (which is a bad way of looking at it, in my opinion--you should want to *use* a currency) that cannot, by design, hyper-inflate or hyper-deflate.  I don't see this as possible.  A large economy is going to have needs for money as it goes through expansions and recessions, and an inelastic money supply (like any decentralized one must have) would not be able to guarantee that it won't hyper-inflate or hyper-deflate.  If you put a person in charge of it you have something akin to the Fed, and you are left trusting that the people running the money are going to act in a certain way.
In conclusion, I tend to agree with your final judgement, though.  I don't think that Bitcoin's greatest strength is in its use as a currency, and I doubt that people using it today will ever see it as a primary currency of a developed country.  You pointed out its similarity to Gold and its strength as an investment platform, but I tend to see it as a prime disruptive technology in the payment processing industry.
@_date: 2013-03-25 05:06:53
If you never convert back to fiat then, if I understand US tax code correctly and you are in the US, you have no tax liability for the bitcoins.  I only suggest that you, OP, or anyone else interested in Bitcoins gets well acquainted with the local laws before deciding what to do with their money--fiat or otherwise.  Whether we like it or not, the Government is mighty persuasive when they decide that one of their citizens ought to pay them, and they don't tend to care whether or not that citizen thinks it's the Government's right.
@_date: 2013-03-22 07:42:51
Yep! You can install the qt client, then go to the directory where it is stored (varies by OS, but on Windows go to %APPDATA%\\bitcoin) and replace the new wallet.dat that the installation generates with your wallet.dat file.  (Be sure to make good backups).
Alternatively, you can import the keys directly to a running client; I don't know how to do that in the qt client, though (or if it is even possible).
If you are interested in more information, see 
@_date: 2013-08-21 09:01:13
Heh, fair enough.  I think 2 of 3 is common for escrow purposes.  I would think that miners allowing 2 of 3 would allow N of M for any N ≤ M ≤ 20, but perhaps they implemented it for only one or two cases.
@_date: 2013-10-21 05:19:00
A lot of that was back in the final few days of 2011 or early January 2012.  Not nearly as impressive as 100 BTC now.
And, before anyone jumps on this, yes, they could have held on to them until now, but they aren't in the speculation business.  The donations' values are whatever value they had at the time they were sent.  They sent ~75 BTC on Jan 1, 2012; on that day the price was around $5/BTC. 
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:56:24
With the security I have put in place to protect my wallet I can be reasonably sure that nobody will be able to steal my money.  Despite that fact, I can still send coins faster than I can fill out credit card information, which is pretty fast since I have my credit card information all memorized.  It would take a number of simultaneous major events for me to lose my coins.
The beauty of this system is that it took me less effort to set up than it would take me to open a bank account, and it takes me less effort to use than other payment options online.  If those tools are available to me, why not use them?
@_date: 2013-06-02 09:20:22
I suspect that the individual pooled users will not be regulated as currency issuers--especially small time individuals--for the simple fact that it would be difficult and impractical for the government to execute.  As for the reasoning that I think best applies, pool members are not issuing the coins themselves--they are selling computing time on their computers in exchange for a payout.  This is more similar to Enterprise renting a car for USD than it is to Chuck-E-Cheese issuing Chuck Bucks, or whatever, in my opinion.  I could see them classifying the pool operators as money issuers, which I suppose is a fair *classification* (I make no comment on the fairness of what they do with that classification), but in the worst case this requires pool operators to either comply with some regulations or to move overseas. Bitcoin only needs about a dozen large pools to be secure, so I don't really see this as something that threatens the viability of the currency system.
As for what the government actually winds up deciding I'm not sure, but I like to remain optimistic.  
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:17:57
I feel like you missed my point.  My point is that selling in USD then buying BTC with those USD and speculating on the price is virtually equivalent to selling directly in BTC and speculating on the price, with the only difference being that you have to go through the act of converting the USD to BTC.  If you are confident in the future growth of Bitcoin's price then you should be willing to sell your $100 item for about $75 and make the remaining $25 from the price increase.
The idea that deflation discourages commerce is a well known one.  "Runaway deflation" forces merchants to lower their prices *no matter what they price their goods in* since the person buying the item knows that they could invest in the deflating currency and effectively pay a lower price if they buy it later.  Deflation encourages saving while inflation encourages spending.  This is not a new concept.
Citing specific examples of when someone *could have* bought is a fool's gambit and you will be better off if you don't go down that path.  I could go through the past couple years of being in Bitcoin and count up all of the money that I *could have* had, but that won't make it real.  What matters is how much risk is involved in an investment *right now* and what its reward could be.  I'm OK with speculating in BTC, personally, so I keep some money in BTC.  However, not all merchants may be so certain, and it is an additional problem to figure out exactly *how much* you can reduce the price by.  This, however, gets into the problem that I led with in my first post:  it couples market speculation with whatever the business's actual business is.  If speculating is accounting for 25% of the gross income then why not just become a business of speculating?
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:19:29


Nothing that I said claimed that a pool controlling 51% of the network is without danger.  My statements were to the nature and scope of the danger, and I stand by them.


If the attacker withholds the chain then they **will** be noticed.  Withholding a handful of blocks can be attributed to bad luck; a pool with 50%+ of the global hashing power suddenly getting really, *really* unlucky would raise suspicion.  Just that suspicion would be enough to get miners to start dropping out of the pool (and if the attacker is not the pool operator then that's another person *heavily invested* in seeing the pool succeed--they would be all over a run of horrifically bad luck).
This is in contrast with a conventional 51% attack, which is dangerous as hell.  With a conventional 51% attack (i.e. attacker controls all hardware, perhaps through a botnet) there is nobody to notice that they aren't being paid for their mining (or that when they are paid for their mining the blockchain doesn't show a block coming from their pool, for the case where the pool operator funds the attack).  In that attack scenario there is little to nothing that the rest of the network can do, short of everyone turning on their mining GPUs, efficiency be damned.  The attacker could freeze the Bitcoin network indefinitely, effectively destroying it, as long as the attacker can pay the power bill for their attacking hardware (not necessary for a botnet, but I don't think there's a botnet big enough to threaten a 51% attack, especially with ASICs coming online).  This is the attack to fear, and is the reason why we should keep building the strength of the network.
My description of a pool based 51% attack is not to say that it is not dangerous at all.  It is to say that there isn't *much* that the attacker can do.  Furthermore, it is to show that the the damage that the attacker could do would be pretty localized--a hiccup in transaction confirmations and a merchant gets screwed.  We should still work to keep any pool from having 50%+ of the network, but if it *does* happen that they wind up with too much hashing power, we shouldn't freak out.
@_date: 2013-08-08 18:09:51
If the owner thought he could get more by just running it himself, why would he rent it?  It could be a way to manage risk, but I tend to think your reaction is more likely.
@_date: 2013-10-22 06:30:05
It's what I do, but I've encrypted the crap out of it.  If anyone wants to take a stab at breaking a ~60 character passphrase (not just a line from a book or movie, it has several unrelated parts) *and* they have access to my Dropbox then they've earned the right to face disappointment when years of brute forcing fails.
As long as your wallet is sufficiently encrypted this won't make you be "low hanging fruit" to thieves.
As a side note, though, the Bitcoin-qt encryption method only encrypts the private keys.  If you don't use any 3rd party encryption then an attacker could *monitor* your wallet, although without the private keys there's no way to spend anything.  If you worry about such things then a tool like truecrypt is for you. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:01:11
@_date: 2013-09-17 15:20:05
If you're asking if there was a block with more fees, the recent one that ASIC Miner got with an erroneous fee comes to mind (something like a 200 BTC fee).  The fee was returned willingly.
If you're asking if there has been a block that was larger in data or transaction count, I do not know. 
@_date: 2013-05-26 22:49:43
Do you get the banner that says that your IP is from the US and that SD does not offer this service to the US any longer, because if you do get that then you can't get to the site because your IP is from the US and SD does not offer this service to the US any longer.
They "shut down" their US operations a couple weeks back in order to prevent any trouble with US regulations--they are spotty and vary from state to state.  I'm pretty sure the bet addresses still work, though, so you can still gamble away your money if that's your cup of tea.  
@_date: 2013-08-21 01:30:58
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:09:03
I'm curious if you have any source on the statement that it is new miners causing the spike in hashing power.  I don't mean to be a dick or call you out, it just goes against what I figured was happening.
From what I've heard, when Avalon first shipped they listed only BTCGuild as a supported pool, causing a disproportionate number of those ASICs to go to that pool.  Additionally, I've heard that ASIC Miner is mining in BTCGuild.  I would be inclined to think that it is these that are contributing to the current situation more than newbs.
@_date: 2013-08-17 06:53:59
I, for one, like having roads that are maintained, even if the work isn't the most cost efficient--the free market will not build all of the roads that are needed.  
I like having a police force that will arrest murderers and thieves, even if cops sometimes overstep their authority--commercial police forces are only slightly less terrifying than a lack of law enforcement (or laws) altogether.
I like having a military that will protect my country, even if they are sometimes used to fight pointless wars--I cannot imagine a coalition of corporations defending a land from invasion.
I like having state-sponsored research, even if some of that research is in worthless areas--the state is able to support technologies before they are profitable enough for corporations to take over.
The state does plenty of things poorly; I will never claim they are perfect and I support attempts to address their shortcomings.  However, I am incredibly lucky to be living in my country (US) and I have a lot of incredible opportunities that I cannot fathom being available in anarchy.  There is a relatively stable economy that I am a part of and I am surrounded by markets full of more luxuries than I can shake a stick at (but if I want a stick to shake then I have dozens of choices).  I do not believe for an instant that my world would even vaguely resemble what it is today if there were no government, and a government requires money to function.
I cannot in good faith support a lack of taxation, and I fully believe that anyone who touts "NO TAXATION" is a shortsighted fool (how much to tax, how to use the tax revenue, and the responsibilities that individuals paid by tax dollars have are another story).  I know that will be an unpopular opinion in this subreddit, but it needs to be said.
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:00:50
Man, it's almost as if you took a [post from the front page of and posted it to a cheap knockoff of the Bitcoin forum then gave it a different title.  
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:10:39
The original authors are indeed correct, and [here's]( a simulation that demonstrates it (it's in Java but should be easily convertible to C/C++ for those who prefer those languages).  The parameters that can be changed are documented in the code.
The problem with the paper is not its math--it's their psychology.  They claim that miners will join a pool that is doing this and offering a *slightly* better payout.  However, this type of action would undoubtedly be considered an attack on the network and that pool would lose all honest miners very quickly (just look at how fast miners flee a pool approaching 50% of the network while acting honestly).  The pool needs to be at *least* 25% of the network for this attack to work, and realistically needs at least 33% to even break even (real rewards come for much higher percentages).
On top of that, other pools could easily shut the attack down by refusing to acknowledge blocks that do not come from a trusted source, essentially 50%ing the attacking pool out of the network (there would be some collateral damage here, though).
The attack is made even more unattractive by the fact that it would destabilize Bitcoin at least to some degree.  If your goal is to mine more blocks with less hashing power then the attack is viable, but if your goal is to earn more then the attack would fail--you get only a few percent increase in BTC revenue while carrying out an attack that leads to lots of orphaned blocks and (presumably) a lower value for the mined BTC. 
It's worth studying this type of an attack from an academic standpoint, but I don't think that it's really something to worry about.  It's interesting from a game theory point of view, but the necessary pieces are not in place for there to be an incentive to carry out this attack.
@_date: 2013-12-12 03:50:12
1. Every full node checks every transaction for validity--it makes sure that the transaction is only spending funds that are available to be spent, and makes sure that the transaction has been signed by the address owner.  Transactions attempting to circumvent this will be immediately shot down and will not propagate through the network.
2. It would take a few seconds before the merchant notices that no transaction comes through (spending coins you don't have is about as effective as winking at the merchant and telling them that a check is in the mail).  Double spend attempts are flagged within seconds as well.
3. Keeping balances private can be a challenge, since every address can be publicly tracked.  For most cases this simply isn't an issue--there's so much noise that it's not worth it.  Individuals who decide they need an extra level of privacy can use coin tumblers to obfuscate their coins origin or to obfuscate how much they hold.
4. Ethics are a tricky situation for things like this, but in general yes, people writing articles about Bitcoin should disclose that they are holders.  That said, though, it's usually not that hard to pick out who does and does not hold Bitcoins when looking at articles.
5. Yes.  Stealing anything of value from anyone is illegal at least in most jurisdictions.  I can't speak from a global perspective, but I cannot imagine a jurisdiction where stealing a Bitcoin is legal but stealing a car isn't.  It may struggle in some cases to gain its legal recognition, but it's pretty easy to show that bitcoins have a value considering how many exchanges exist, at which point all that needs to be proven is that a theft occurred.  The same would be true of WOW gold, provided you can prove the theft occurred.  It is not legal to steal someone's WOW gold (unless the theft is part of the game, like the guy who lost lots of money on EVE Online--they agreed to that by playing the game).
@_date: 2013-10-22 07:04:34
Typical total fees for blocks are in the range of 0.05 to 0.25 BTC, although they can vary outside of that range considerably (as low as 0 and there's at least one instance of a fee that was something like 200 BTC on accident).
Compared with the inflationary block generation reward/stipend of 25 BTC the fees amount to almost nothing.  If we are to have a secure network then fees will probably have to increase along with an increase in transaction volume.  
During the run-up towards the last bubble people got all uppity about the "high fees" when they got to maybe $0.10, but really that's not an unreasonable price to pay for what you get--pseudonymously transmitting virtually any amount of money from anywhere to anywhere almost instantly with confirmations that prevent chargebacks coming along in just 10 minutes.  By the time the block generation reward halves again and the transaction volume hits the block data limit I wouldn't be appalled to see transaction fees in the $0.50 range. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:41:28
I was afraid that statement would get me into trouble.  You are right, of course.  It would have been more accurate for me to have said "addresses are just the public key run through a hash algorithm (*including* sha256, the same one used for mining, as well as others)"
Thanks for doing the legwork for me.
@_date: 2013-08-15 07:43:59
It was so little not so much because it was fixed quickly (as pointed out) but because it required such a specific set of circumstances to occur.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:54:46
Here's one I wrote in java:  
In my experience with it the paper's math is accurate and their conclusions follow correctly from their assumptions.  Their assumptions are a little shaky (namely their psychological ones) but that's another topic.
The code should be 90% compatible with C/C++ just by swapping out System.out.println, Math.Random, and the main method definition.  To mess with it you should change "attackPercent" to be the percentage of the network that the greedy miner holds (e.g. current value is .3333 for 33%) and "raceOdds" to vary how likely it is that an honest miner will build on the attacker's block (it's 0 right now, for a case where the honest miners have identified the attacker and won't ever build on his blocks during a race--only when the attacker has a longer chain; this value should reasonably be between 0 and .5 but can be set as high as 1).
You can also vary "oddsPerStep" or "maxSteps" but that just changes how long the simulation takes and how accurate it is.  There are some commented out print statements that you can add back in, as well. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:59:07
If people were rational then it makes no difference, but psychology can be a powerful thing.  There are already divisions that are common--mBTC or uBTC from the SI prefixes or bitcents to mirror national currencies.  I'm personally a fan of cents since it allows 1:100 division all the way down to a Satoshi (1 BTC = 1000 mBTC; 1 mBTC = 1000 uBTC; 1 uBTC = 100 Satoshis... not even divisions.  By contrast, 1 BTC = 100 bitcents; 1 bitcent = 100 (not yet named); 1 of those = 100 (another unnamed unit); 1 of *those* = 100 Satoshis).
@_date: 2013-09-09 03:54:27
You are correct that shops are not required to accept any specific form of money; however, Bitcoin has always been taxed in the US.  The exact rules that should be followed are and have been foggy, admittedly, but if it were to be discovered that an individual had increased their wealth substantially through the use of Bitcoin (by any means, including speculating or by working and receiving pay in Bitcoin) then they would be subject to the same collection of actions that a tax evader using paper bills would.
The general consensus has been that Bitcoin gains fall under capital gains tax law, and for most people making any notable amount of income this seems to be what they do.  However, merchants have been paying sales and corporate income tax on Bitcoin-denominated sales.  The few individuals who have their salary paid in Bitcoins are obligated to pay personal income tax on that amount.  Others feel that transacting in Bitcoin falls under barter tax laws, which still subjects them to tax.
I should point out that this is only looking at the relationship between US tax law and Bitcoin.  I'm not making a case for or against the ethics of tax, and obviously Bitcoin offers substantial opportunities for individuals wishing to evade taxes.  I merely intend to point out that the belief that staying purely in Bitcoin land exempts one from tax obligations is false.
EDIT: Also, just realized who wrote the top comment.  If you're disagreeing with one of the core developers you had better have some sources to back up your claims; the passage you quoted only supports the claim that a business can prohibit payment by one means or another, which is hardly relevant to the subject of taxation.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:24:12
If you actually think that this will do anything at all then you have sever delusions of grandeur.  Apple has a yearly revenue on the order of 150 *billion* dollars.  There are about 40,000 accounts subscribed to which points to there maybe being 100,000 people between reddit and the bitcoin talk forums.  That number is probably high, since accounts are easy to make, and most people wouldn't see the message to boycott Apple.
Now let's say that *each* of them was planning to buy a new 32 GB iphone 5 sans contract ($750) and a new 13" macbook pro w/retina display ($1700) *each year*.  Already this is an absurd quantity--most people do not buy a new phone and a new computer in a given year and apple products represent a relatively small market share.
If we do the math here, we get 100,000 \* (750 + 1700) = 2.45 billion--a respectable number!  However, even with *multiple* over-the-top assumptions the maximum impact of this boycott would be 1.6% of Apple's 2012 revenue.  A more likely number would probably be in the .01% range.
Compare that, now, to the effect that bitcoin could have on their business model with the App store.  Apple takes an enormous cut of all of the sales on the app store, and then throws the scraps to the developers who actually did the real work.  To that business model, bitcoin can be a disruptive technology.
**TL;DR** A "boycott" wouldn't do a damn thing.  Apple is too big and bitcoin is too small... for now, and Apple has incentives to hinder Bitcoin's progress.  Just move along to another competitor and go about your business.  
@_date: 2013-11-27 06:00:32
A quantum computer wouldn't get at Satoshi's riches (by which I mean the unspent coins matching a given pattern in the first weeks/months of the network).  Quantum computers can crack elliptic curve cryptography through a variant of Shor's algorithm, but you can't even get to the public key of an unspent address (one of the reasons why addresses are supposed to be disposable).  
To steal coins from an address that has never spent coins you have to also break the RIPEMD hash which a quantum computer gets some speed boost in (Grover's algorithm), but not nearly enough to be even close to practical.
A real, working quantum computer would be a major threat to addresses that regularly receive coins, though.
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:07:12
Hey, it's the thought that counts!  I'm glad you enjoyed it!  I actually learned a little more about RSA in doing research for that post.
@_date: 2013-09-09 05:44:32
That video is terrible.  It is so full of misinformation and falsely asserting that sources support their claims that I am amazed that anyone would accept it, much less spread it around.  I sincerely hope that you are trolling, and if so, well played.
It seems that the crux of the video is that "income" is not defined or that individuals' wages do not fall into "income."  Both are false.
These claims are easily refuted *by a quote they put on screen*.  In the quote from Stratton's Independence v Howbert they state that "Income may be defined as the gains derived from capital, from labor, or from both combined."  If that does not unequivocally determine that, unsurprisingly, wages are income then I don't know what does.  As for their quote from Doyle v Mithcell Bros, that serves to establish the word "Income" in a corporate context and it is unsurprising that taking it so far out of context gives rise to a surprising conclusion.  
Additionally, if one is to look at the tax code where they reference the definition of Gross income it goes on to list a great number of things that are explicitly in gross income.  In Section [1.61-2]( I only have to get three words into the body to refute the *entire premise* of the video:  "*In general* Wages..."  To answer the question posed in the video--"where ... does Title 26 state that you ... are liable to pay any federal income taxes?"--it's right there in section 1.61-2.
The video makes points like "income and wages obviously are not necessarily the same" in an attempt to distance the two ideas, when the true meaning of that statement is clear--claiming that they are the same would exclude capital gains and other things from income.  The word "necessarily" is in there precisely because wages *are* income.
If you want to hold unpopular opinions on on the nature of taxation and the moral acceptability of a government with no opt-out collecting taxes then feel free--I wholeheartedly support your right to do so, but please don't post such bullshit videos that a couple of minutes of googling quickly debunks.  It just makes you look bad.
@_date: 2013-07-26 01:12:39
That would give them some advantage, but there is no need for a CPU to do billions of SHA hashes per second, while many ASICs are able to.  Which is going to be better for Bitcoin:  A chip at 22 nm where 5% of the transistors are for SHA256 or a chip at 125 nm where 100% of the transistors are for SHA256 and other operations (like increasing Nonce), specifically designed for Bitcoin mining?
So the Intel chip may have an advantage in marginal power consumption per hash/s (the increase in power consumption when it starts mining) since it uses smaller transistors, but all of the other hardware would remove any advantage this could give.  It would still not be worth it to buy CPUs for mining, but if you already have one and it would have already been turned on then you could probably justify the power costs for mining on it (although it's probably a question of pennies at that point).
Now, if Intel (or AMD or NVidia) wanted to, they could likely produce an ASIC that would blow all of the current offerings out of the water.  They have the expertise and infrastructure to make outstanding chips and to price them such as to put all other manufacturers out of business.  Currently, though, they don't seem to want to, and I wouldn't take the article of this post as evidence that they're moving that way.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:18:06
Yes, but quark is built around the idea that the blockchain is disposable--it's designed to fail in under a year.  Every 3 weeks the profitability to mine halves.  When the profitability halves you can expect about half the miners to drop out and the coin becomes half as secure.  Bitcoin has done just fine with that happening every 4 years--it easily more than doubles in value in that time, but do you really think that a 3 week doubling is remotely sustainable?
The premise of the design of that altcoin is that paying miners to secure the network is a bad thing.  It's a 51% attack waiting to happen.  Add to that the *massive* "premine" (or, technically, a post-mine, but it had the same effect) and you have a currency that is set up for failure.  A few heavily invested individuals are really pushing the media front on Quark to drive the price up before they cash out (disclaimer: my speculation).  Don't fall for their trap.
Faster block confirmation times are great, but Quark isn't the altcoin to choose for showing off that feature (nor is showing off that feature worth doing--it seems 99% of altcoins choose to lower block times). 
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:21:28


Why do people use online wallets again?  I'm really searching for a justification and I'm just coming up blank.  Sure, the qt client takes a long time to download and verify the blockchain, but aren't there light-weight clients that don't have that limitation (Electrum, I think--I use the qt client to be a full verifying node and because it was the one I started with).
To answer OP's question:  yes.  There are several.  If the 12% yearly fee is accurate the I cannot fathom how EasyWallet gets any customers--I worry about online wallets causing my bitcoins to be stolen; guaranteeing it will happen at at least a certain rate is absurd.
I personally use the bitcoin qt client, but there are several others:   I can see no reason to use a web wallet.
@_date: 2013-03-25 02:47:40
Firstly, congratulations on expanding the base of users aware of and willing to invest in Bitcoin.  It's things like this that help to grow the currency and move it towards wider adoption.  That said, though, I have a couple of comments:


Be careful with what you describe as a "business."  Day trading is all fine and dandy, but I'm not sure it really qualifies as a business.  Semantics aside, though, make sure that you are well aware of where your actions fall with respect to the recent FinCEN regulations and AML laws  (or whatever local laws apply.  I assume you are in USA because you use dollars).  If you are making money off of the buying and selling of bitcoin, make sure that you pay the appropriate taxes on your income; it would be a shame to wind up with a lot of tax debt straight out of college just because you don't take the time to educate yourself (and ignorance of the law will not save you.)
Similarly, be careful with what you describe as entrepreneurship.  If you have made some investments that wound up paying off, that's great, but it's not a business.  Doing work for someone and getting paid for it is a business; making a web service that accepts BTC is a business; seeing your holdings of Bitcoin appreciate is not, even if you manage to get them to appreciate faster than the market via favorable short-term trades.  Know that your holdings of BTC could rapidly devalue at any time, and know that now your mom's $200 could devalue similarly.  
You have opened yourself up to a lot of risk from the government, the market, and now your family ("to not tell my dad").  I guess that the **TL;DR** is *Good work, Good Luck, Be Careful.*
@_date: 2013-08-08 20:45:20
The "Sapphire model" is the ASIC Miner Block Erupter, and is a 330 MH/s model that you can get shipped today.  I have a few from  and they seem to have good prices.  One was DOA and they replaced it easily and relatively quickly (considering they were shipping hundreds of miles).  You can also buy them from BTC Guild, although there is a backlog of at least a week.  I'm not aware of any other reputable, competitive sellers, although you can check out  and there's always the Bitcoin forums, but buyer beware.
The Butterfly labs miners are amazing in terms of speed and power, but if you order one now then you probably won't get it until about 2015.  I'm only kind of joking.  They have a terrible track record of customer service and meeting deadlines (I can recall expected shipping dates that are approaching their one year anniversary of being overdue).  I would not recommend giving them money until they can catch up to their orders.
As to the one that eobot is selling, it *looks* like it is a ASIC Miner Block Erupter, which they reference, but their presentation makes me want to say stay away.  It looks like they're trying to market to people who don't know what they're getting into and won't do their own research.  Their price is not that great, either, although they do offer the ability to pay directly in USD, which is nice.  It may not be a scam, but it's not the best deal out there.
EDIT:  I looked into eobot more and it seems that they are preying on the uninformed, operating as a non-transparent mining pool.  Everything about that site screams scam, but by backing it with Bitcoin they can make their payments.  If you are a user of that site, I would implore you to take a few minutes to get set up with an actual mining pool and a standalone miner.  CG Miner is probably the best, but it can be scary to use at first, so you may be more comfortable with GUI Miner.  The biggest hurdle that this transition would cause is in converting the BTC to USD, but the exchanges aren't *that* bad.  If you ditch eobot then you'll probably see a substantial increase in returns, as I can only imagine the size of the "pool fees" they're secretly levying.  
@_date: 2013-04-28 00:33:17
@_date: 2013-08-14 06:37:48
Bitcoin effectively addresses the ability to conduct business overseas, and arguably does so better in a lot of ways (in fact, it's hard to find ways that Paypal is better).
However, that video highlights something important that Bitcoin does not inherently have that Paypal does:  buyer protection.  Since Bitcoin is a push-only transaction system with no chargebacks there is no built-in recourse for a buyer who has been scammed by a seller. That is a big part of this promo video and is one of the biggest weaknesses of Bitcoin in the payment processing industry--since you don't have to trust anyone with your money you *do* have to trust the merchant.  That makes reputation incredibly important in the Bitcoin economy, which I would expect to hinder the ability of new companies to get sales (although I'll be the first to admit I'm no expert here).
Now, Bitcoin has ways around that issue, and the most popular one seems to be escrow.  However, at that point the discussion shifts from comparing Paypal and Bitcoin to comparing Paypal and Escrow; many would argue that Escrow beats Paypal in that comparison.  I will say that the properties of Bitcoin make it very conducive to the use of Escrow, though.
@_date: 2013-07-26 01:00:31
In a sense, almost, but not really.  If you look at the difference in performance of CPUs with and without hardware acceleration for a given task, such as AES encryption, it is *substantial* (see [this]( page; note that the i5 beats the i7 about 6 to 1 in the AES256 test, while losing about 2:1 in the Dhrystone test).  However, I don't think that it would be able to compete with purpose built ASICs.
The thing that this *could* allow is relative energy efficiency for computers that are already going to be turned on, which could help democratize mining.  It would have the benefit of being produced at the cutting edge of processor manufacturing technolog, but since it is a full CPU with all of the supporting hardware that comes with it would not be able to directly compete--it would have a lot more transistors which means more cost and more energy.  Add in the cost and power consumption of other supporting hardware (motherboard, PSU, etc) and you are left with something that isn't viable for large-scale use.
@_date: 2013-04-02 01:23:46
Every block has a "height" parameter and a reference to the block that it recognizes as being before it.  When miners are mining they listen to the network to hear about new blocks that other miners have solved.  They then typically start working on the block after that one, and they include a reference to the block they have just heard about.
In a perfect world whenever a miner mines a new block everyone else in the world would find out about it and immediately start working on the next block, building on the previous one.  However, the world is not perfect and there are communication delays.  In the few seconds it takes a block to propagate, someone else can release a block.  Each of these blocks will propagate to some portion of the network--nodes tend to accept the first block they receive.  At this point the block chain has a fork.  Miners will choose one side or the other, and typically whichever side solves the next block "wins," causing the other chain to "lose" and be orphaned (this is usually the side of the chain that solved the conflicting height first, since that will propagate to more of the network).  This doesn't affect most people since both of the conflicting blocks will have most of the same transactions, but a perfectly executed attack could have different and conflicting transactions from a single wallet, such that the coins are spent twice, in two different ways, and each side of the fork contains a different transaction.  This is why we want several confirmations before accepting coins--that means that there has been quite a long time available in which to resolve the conflict, and it is improbable that the coins have been double spent.
That scenario describes the most common method of orphaning blocks--accidental continued mining on a block height that has already been solved.  The scenario I proposed for blacklisting address is quite intentional.  If a miner participating in the blacklisting receives a block that includes a transaction that they don't like, they just keep right on working on that block height, ignoring the existing solution and attempting to release a competing block.  Other miners competing in the blacklisting will also ignore the offending block, and the global mining power will be divided--those who accept only blocks that have nothing to do with the blaklisted account, and those who accept blocks in the order that they are received.  At that point it is off to the races:  the longest blockchain wins in bitcoin, and more mining power means the blockchain will grow faster.  There will be some initial variance, but whichever side has more hashing power will, in the long run, win.  Note that when the longer blockchain wins, everyone who got mining rewards on the short chain loses those rewards (pool operators may pay out anyway, but the pool doesn't receive the reward so they are paying out of their own pocket).  This highly discourages mining on the losing team, whether that is the blacklisting team or not, which is one of many reasons why blacklisting will not happen--half of the mining power in the world has to agree to the same set of rules.  Any set of rules other than the "official" (i.e. from the developers) is highly unlikely to get a majority. 
What this means is that the owner of the blacklisted account can't do anything with their coins *as long as the network is against them*.  Sure, they could publish transactions, but they could publish all manner of conflicting transactions and a merchant would have no way of knowing if the transaction that *they* received was going to be legitimate.  If a merchant accepts BTC and then it turns out that the transaction is invalid then the merchant loses that BTC; this would make merchants very unwilling to accept from a blacklisted account.  The answer to  "if other people's accounts or transactions are close in proximity to the blacklisted address is there a chance they will affected by the orphaning" is a very specific yes:  people receiving coins from a blacklisted account should only consider the coins accepted when they are accepted as correct by the majority of the mining power.  Note that even *if* an account was blacklisted, it only takes a little while with majority of the miners accepting all transactions for their transactions to get out.  Also, even though the three biggest mining pools (BTC Guild, Slush, and 50BTC) make up over 50% of the mining, they would rapidly hemorrhage users if their operators took such a radical stance.  This whole scenario is nothing but hypothetical.
If you're interested in seeing orphaned blocks, you can look at a list of them on blockchain.info at   At the time of the writing of this comment, the last orphaned block was at height 229,184 (and the main chain is at 229,195).
If you're interested in learning about a major series of orphaned blocks in recent times, you can look at [this]( announcement.
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:15:53
gave good answers; I'd just like to add a bit more info.
1. You can ask about a specific exchange on either (i.e. here) or on the forums (bitcointalk.org).  If someone has been burned by them in the past then the'll certainly speak up!
2. You are SOL if you send bitcoins and don't have the means to enforce the delivery of the product, just as a merchant is SOL if they send a product then a credit card company issues a fraudulent chargeback.  That doesn't mean that you can't protect yourself when using bitcoin, though, as there are many escrow services that specialize in bitcoin for this very reason.
3. Bitcoins go anywhere that the internet does.  I'm sure it could be possible for a country to cut itself off from bitcoin traffic if they cared enough, but it would be pretty freaking hard to do; it only takes a trickle of data to connect a region to the network.  So cutting off a region by filtering traffic on the servers that connect it would be like trying to use scotch tape to seal off a sponge from getting wet--it may be possible in theory, but it would almost never work.
4. One of the ~~main~~ features of bitcoin is the possibility for near anonymity.  That is not necessarily a goal of Mt Gox or any other exchange.  They have to deal with banks, which don't really jive with anonymous customers.
5 &amp; 6 answered elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-11-20 08:13:35
Block size limit serves an important security purpose, though.  Without it there is a trivial attack that anyone could carry out that would harm the blockchain:
* Obtain some petty amount of Bitcoin.
* Obtain enough mining hardware to mine a block.... eventually.  Doesn't have to be even *close* to fast, certainly less than the often considered 51% attack
* Generate millions of non-conflicting transactions using your small amount of Bitcoin.
* Include all of those transactions in the first block you manage to mine (and repeat for subsequent blocks using new transactions; no need for a fee since you're mining the block yourself). 
If someone carried out that attack then suddenly blockchain pruning would have to *immediately* ignore all of those transactions, but those outputs would be valid and ready to be spent--this is contrary to the typical implementation of pruning.  If these transactions are not quickly forgotten by most nodes then the storage requirements for the blockchain would suddenly become *massive*.  If done correctly then releasing such a block could potentially crash a lot of full nodes simply by running them out of RAM.
This isn't as devastating as a full 51% attack, but it's a whole lot more practical to carry out.  It is, admittedly, not quite as easy as I've stated it--you have to manage to get your attack block distributed fast enough that it isn't orphaned, which could be difficult if it is terabytes in size, but as I understand it there are mechanisms in place to allow miners to start working on top of a new block before it's looked at all of the transactions in detail.
With a block size limit this attack is almost harmless, though.  The most damage an attacker can do with one block is a whopping 1 MB--trivial.  Larger block limits would be just fine as well.  However, removing it entirely would be foolish.
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:21:02
If you get to accuse me of putting a gun to people's heads then I get to accuse non taxpayers of stealing directly from me and essentially everyone I know.  Instead of that, let's have a civil discussion.
It was late when I wrote the previous comment and didn't want to write the following essay at that time.  It's not late now, so here we go.  I would like to preface this by requesting that we all approach this discussion calmly and with open minds.  If we can keep a civil tongue (or civil fingers, since we're all typing) then I'll stick around to defend my views and--who knows--perhaps even change some of them.  I'd ask that those joining this discussion not approach this as an argument that is to be won, for that leads to defending points you don't agree with anymore to avoid losing, but as a discussion to lead to a logical conclusion.
*George Ought to Help*
This video is based around a single syllogism (A implies B; C is A; therefore C implies B).  I do not believe that the syllogism is well formed--it is a non sequitur.  The syllogism is posed is:
* I do not feel comfortable threatening George (*Threatening* (A) implies *not a system that is allowable* (B))
* Statism is the same as threatening George (*Statism* (C) is A)
* Therefore statism is not a system that is allowable and a stateless society is the system that should be used (therefore *Statism* (C) is *not a system that is allowable* (B) and *stateless society* (D) is *a system that is allowable* (not B))
If a logical argument like this is presented then the recipient of the argument has three options:  either refute one or both of the claims, refute that the conclusion follows from the claim, or accept the conclusion of the argument.  In this case I chose *both* of the first two options.
First, the first point, which of the three is the strongest.  It is true that threatening an individual with violence makes me uncomfortable, but I would like to point out something which begins in this point and continues through both videos.  Consistently they give you a stick figure who you are to associate with then tell you how you feel.  Sometimes they get it right, but I find this argument tactic really ineffective.  I'll leave that for later points, though, and move on.  I do not refute the claim of point 1.
Moving onto the second point, it is asserted that Statism is the same thing as threatening physical violence against George because he didn't pay into a fund that helps people out with tuition.  One can certainly see similarities, but I do not agree that they are the same.  For example, one of the big statements is that there is a threat of physical violence against people who don't pay taxes.  I think a more accurate eventuality is that they will seize property, freeze bank accounts, and garnish wages.  But wait! Seizing property! They do that at gunpoint!  Perhaps, but the only way that there is going to be physical violence is if you start the physical violence.  One could argue that this threat of violence is implicit from the start, but I would argue that there is no threat--just a guarantee that you will be made to pay (for better or worse).
Another way in which the argument presented in *George Ought to Help* falls short on the second point is that it asserts that the actions of the state are directly comparable to the actions of an individual.  This is contrary to the idea of Rule by Law, which allows majority rule while respecting minority rights; key word here is *rights* (one does not have a right to steal, kill, etc.  Many things are debatable as to whether they are a "right" or not).  The state must have the ability to do some things that individuals cannot do.  For example, if someone is driving unsafely on a road it makes me quite uncomfortable to imagine a civilian running them down and extracting a fine from them "by force."  However, when this can be done in an organized fashion by a responsible police force it makes me feel that I can drive with an expectation of safety.  
Finally, I feel that there is a major hole between not supporting a tuition fund and not paying taxes:  there are a *lot* of services the government offers.  Thus, I offer to you Jeff, who is another friend of yours.  Well, he's not really a friend--more of an acquaintance, really.  He likes to shoplift from stores.  He likes to use businesses facilities without buying anything.  He carpools with coworkers and is always going to chip in for gas "later."  Throughout all of his day-to-day activities he is always receiving benefits but never pays for them.  Over the course of several months he gets many thousands of dollars of benefits without asking and certainly without ever paying.  Eventually, everyone who he has taken from bands together and asks him to pay.  "Nope!" he replies *proudly*, saying that he doesn't support this system.  "I earned my money and I'm not giving it to you thieves!"  Do you feel comfortable escalating--potentially to violence--in *that* situation?  I'll admit it still makes me queasy since I dislike confrontation, but I would argue that Jeff *definitely* ought to pay in that situation.  I would also argue that Jeff is a *much* better illustration of a citizen who doesn't pay taxes, which illustrates the straw man that George is:  by asserting that George is a representative of not paying taxes instead of someone more like Jeff the difficult argument is replaced by an easy but weak one.  If anything, the argument presented in *George Ought to Help* is against state sponsored scholarship--far from the argument that the video claims to have made.
@_date: 2013-10-08 11:32:12
I appreciate the fact that you used a linear scale.
[Relevant xkcd](