@_author: korjax
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:37:56
That doesn't make the article less true
The point the article makes to me is that yes - bitcoin could see a period where its generally quite stable and used all around. But it might require this big "bubble" we've been experiencing over the past few years to bust and crash for a few years before we truly get there.
 
I think this is quite reasonable to assume. Bitcoin isn't going to keep logrithmically growing in value forever. When this stops happening, its easy to see a market panic happen when people realize that we're not going up up and away. I don't think we are due for the big-bust yet, because there still are so many players primed to get in that haven't yet, but I do think its likely we'll see "the big crash" with bitcoin just like the internet did. A kind of crash that breaks the constant uptrend we've had the past few years, has the price be much lower than whatever the peak will be, and it taking years for the price to truely recover (and when it does it will not be recovering as a bubble, but be stable slow growth or flatlined fluctations from then on out).
@_date: 2014-04-21 17:32:29
I use QR codes all the time. Not sure what this is getting at with all that talk. Sure I don't scan marketing packages or whatever, but that applies to any and all marketing gimmick ever made. For example I use QR codes all the time to send links from my browser to my phone, and my phone has a function built into the camera that automatically reads QR codes so its literally as easy as hitting the camera button. I find it funny you think people are going to be willing to pump out $3 stickers with limited battery life in favor of spending less than a cent (or nothing at all) to print/generate a QR code.
That said, something like bluetooth LE is definitely ideal for bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2014-10-23 15:41:54
I bet you are the kind of guy at restaurants that makes a huge deal when a waiter accidentally forgets your extra side of fries on the first run out (and then afterward proceeding to say something about survival of the fittest while saying you'll never eat there again).
Yes, its annoying. Yes, be upset about it. But people trying to defend you saying you aren't entitled are fooling themselves and likely very entitiled individuals themselves. A fluke error happens, you didn't even contact support, and you throw a fit? Seriously? And you put an extremely sensationalist thread title making it sound like Coinbase is about to go bust just to serve your purpose of smearing them over a single fluke? Its threads like this why is becoming a laughing stock of the bitcoin enthusiast world. I can understand if this happened, you contacted support and they never got back to you or were a huge PITA to deal with. But you didn't even try - the moment you got that email you decided to post this joke of a thread.
I think you need to step back here and realize you are honestly overreacting in the moment due to this happening within the past 30 minutes of you making this post. I think its perfectly fine to be upset and mad, and even making a thread about it. Its good to know stuff like this and if it gets widespread. However, it's silly how you make it out to be like they stole your coins and told you to fuck off just because you missed out on a single unnecessary scheduled bitcoin purchase due to a fluke error that you can make up for by simply emailing support. A single error that has happened within two years of you using them. *Amazing.* 
@_date: 2014-12-27 04:59:39
That stuff is pseudoscience at best on a larger than laboratory scale. Besides, the future of the automobile has already been written on the wall, its pretty clearly going to be electric.
And the anology is quite frankly terrible. Fossil fuels are a limited resource (that we just found a ton more of, hence the gas prices being so low) that pollute the environment. And its funny how you say "continually trying" as if they are failing at it (they aren't).
Credit cards have nothing to do with that. The biggest issue with credit cards is that they wouldn't be so great if it wasn't for the suckers who have loads of debt paying it for the rest of the users who do not (if nobody had credit card debt then you'd for sure see hardly any real upside to using a credit card over cash other than credit score and having a 30 day delay on when you need to pay). But, thats not the case at all. 
The other issue with credit cards is security. Except not really because much more secure forms of credit cards exist (chip+pin) that the US doesn't really use yet. And the hackings that happen at credit card companies? You'd be fooling yourself if you don't think it would be 10X worse with bitcoin. Bitcoin's only advantage on this front is that you can literally (if you choose) offload your account from the internet and basically "hide it under the bedsheets", isolating it from any sort of company database (like coinbase or etc).
I'm not saying bitcoin sucks, I'm saying people thinking that bitcoin as it currently stands is better than credit cards for spending, are seriously kidding themselves. I don't think bitcoin needs to focus on that yet - I don't think bitcoin will ever be in a period where its ready to be consumer-ready until the age of bubbles ends (after the price levels off and remains reasonably stable). And it won't be ready until pro-consumer infrastructure is put in place (whether it be in the form of BTC-backed credit cards or something else). I think that stuff is coming, its just not here yet. I don't think its valuable to focus on bitcoin as a means of spending for the masses until we get there though, because it quite frankly stands up quite terribly to the competition (cash+credit) currently for everyone but the niche user.
@_date: 2014-12-27 04:47:30
This. I don't know why this is getting heat (well, I do - its the bitcoin subreddit).
Fact of the matter is, the smart consumer uses a credit card and pays off in full, even if its technically exploiting a system on the backs of not smart spenders. The upper echelon of smart consumers do what is known as churning, where they creatively come up with ways to manufacture spend (primarily for the purposes to sign up for new cards to get sign up bonuses) while paying zero in interest+fees and maintaining a flawless credit score. The end goal of churners is basically being able to earn free flights/hotel stays/etc on a yearly basis.
Most credit card users don't hit near that (and if they did, it wouldn't exist). But a smart consumer should use a credit card because it simply beats everything else out there - its backed by a company (that can be dropped at any moment, so competition is fierce), and the losers of the credit card system (those who get in loads of CC debt) "pay all the bills" so to speak. If you know how to keep track of spend, and pay your bill off every month (AKA use your credit card as if it were cash) then you actually win big time vs spending on any other method. Literally earning potentially hundreds of dollars a year in rewards, free flights/hotel stays, free extended warranties on everything you buy, free rental insurance, etc. All the while you increase your credit score which lets you save huge on a home/car loan (and qualify for top tier rewards cards).
Being a consumer who uses cash is a suckers game compared to someone who can use a credit card and use it well.
How can bitcoin compete against that? Well, maybe it can't. Or maybe Bitpay will become the company that allows it to happen. Or maybe even we'll see credit cards spring up that are backed in bitcoin, not USD. 
I know credit cards are a more foreign concept outside of the US for many countries, but in the US (and many other foreign countries to be honest) the smart consumer always uses a card, because if you can use one right it is literally better than cash in every way for zero downside and is incredibly pro consumer. Raw bitcoin-to-person payments are basically just like handing over raw cash, except online. I don't think its going to seriously spread as a way for consumers to spend money until a "credit card equivalent" comes around for the bitcoin ecosystem, much like how it exists today for the cash ecosystem.
That said, a lot of people out there can't use credit cards well. They aren't "dumb consumers", they just lack the control you need to have to not have credit cards ruin them, and smartly keep to debit cards only (or just cash). Or they just never were exposed to it and never felt the need to leave the sphere of cash. As such if bitcoin even had a "debit card" equivalent that was just as easy to use for the consumer, that would be huge.
@_date: 2014-12-27 05:17:51
Cute. Good idea to disregard the part where I said none of this is proven (or likely to ever work) outside the scale of a laboratory, as pulling an ostrich-head-in-sand to ignore the rest of that sentence will **definitely** substantiate your claims.
Its the same bull that people say when they want to make huge solar power arrays to power a country, or put heating elements in roads to prevent ice build up. A nice idea, but it physically doesn't work out on a large scale.
This is the exact reason why desalination plants aren't everywhere on earth producing fresh water super plentiful for everyone (especially those that live in drought regions such as the middle east or California). Because its damn expensive and hard to do on a large enough scale to work. And that's an example of something that is actually working and being used right now.
Biofuels or synthesized fuels will go nowhere on a large enough scale to boot fossil fuels because they can never compete with the ease, massive scale, and cheap availability of fossil fuels. By the time that its more expensive to dig into the earth and find fossil fuels than your alternative, we won't need any synthesized/bio fuels to replace it.
@_date: 2013-10-13 04:22:14
You could do what I do, and use my credit card like a debit card. I.e. I use my cc for every purchase, but when the bill comes I pay in full so there is no debt.Combined with the $100 or so I make in reward points every year with all the other benefits (double warranties for free, cell phone insurance for free, the fact that in an emergency I have a 28 day buffer before I have to pay or I can split the payment up between two months for a fee [read: interest], etc) its really a no brainer to use a cc. Its just like using cash for me, except with all these added benefits. Just don't ever let yourself not pay in full unless you REALLY need it for that month only, spend on your cc like you are using a debit card and you'll never have debt.  I mean, getting approved and all that sucks, but it isn't that hard if you are new and don't have bad credit. Im a clean slate college student and was able to get a card with a $2k monthly limit and no annual fee or extra cost to me at all. I never use more than $600 of it though per month and I put everything I do on it (including bills that can be paid via cc with no fee). This is also a terrible idea if you have no self control, or aren't financially stable. I'm pretty good with money and I have financial self control so it works for me better than debit ever could.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:31:15
I'm scared to see what the price of bitcoin will be if we actually get a superbowl commercial going
$3m for 30 seconds, who's gonna do it? If I was a heavy bag holder, sounds like an easy way to double the value of that bag I'm holding for a "small" investment.
EDIT: Though a superbowl commercial would be much better when stuff like BTC ATM's are more prevalent, when its really easy/obvious to aquire bitcoin, etc. When a majority of the general population know of it but don't really know what it is exactly.
@_date: 2013-11-10 03:34:41
Do you to litecoin wallets? I lost 70ltc in a wallet about 7mo ago. I have nothing to do with the wallet since I'm locked out so... Might as well send it your way. I was unsuccessful in using a script to brute force it myself.
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:30:37
I don't think it'll crash at all really. We'll see drop but then it'll recover when people realize that the real thing keeping bitcoins valuble is the market forces thesmelves and investment. I mean, you see a drop after all this slow building in the pric e and you'd be stupid to not try and invest more into it if you are already holding. There will be some panic selling yes (and there already is) but in the end it'll recover quickly, if not even shoot higher.
Silk road was nessicary to legitimize bitcoin into being worth something from nothing, and it was a great proof of concept of why Bitcoin is useful (despite what your opinon on drugs are). Especially since Silk Road actually provided a safe and controlled way to getting drugs vs. doing it the normal way which is full of violence and crime.
However, the problem is this: 
A. Silk road v2 could appear just as easly as Silk Road did, and this time without small mistakes llike registering a domain using a tracable ID and doing interviews with people.
B. The market has grown to a point where silk road isn't needed anymore to legitimize BTC. This is because most of the people using BTC these days are likely miners and investors not people interested in buying drugs.
@_date: 2013-08-09 14:25:17
Thanks for immediately discrediting my post instead of actually reading and processing it? I never said bitcoin was bad. I never said that over inflation was good either. I'm saying over inflation AND over deflation are both bad for something that's supposed to act as a currency.I was looking more for more thoughts on why deflation is a good trait to have in a currency, not dumb one post snipes.
@_date: 2013-10-29 15:54:08
Not weird, that's the name of bitcoin as it would appear on an actual international currency exchange. X denotes that it isn't tied to a country of origin. I.e. Gold and silver are XAU and XAG. There is a country that uses BT as thier currency acronym so if btc were ever to be widely accepted, its acronym on exchanges would be XBT
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:22:02
Honestly I doubt they really need the referral program anymore. They have pretty much already solidified their place in the US.
@_date: 2013-07-02 04:32:19
I'm not sure theres that many in the US that is bothering using Gox now, is the reason why. Considering the main way for people to get USD cheaply into gox was always Dwolla, and then they made it so you had to be verified to use dwolla (currently it can take a month or more to get verified...) and the killing blow was Dwolla removing all support. So now the ONLY feasable way to get $$$ into gox is to do a bank wire transfer which is painfully slow, and expensive on fees.
Why bother when the other exchanges get you in much quicker? Especially coinbase, all I need to get BTC from coinbase is doing a direct withdraw from my ACH, which is great. It's pretty much the only way (and most conveneint way) to getting BTC as someone in the US, unless you like the idea of 2-week to a month+ turnaround to actually getting BTC in your wallet.
Plus coinbase is nice in that it won't let anyone into your account unless they literally access it from your computer (if you even save the cookies), as you need to enter a verification code they text you everytime you log in to a new location (sadly though this verification system doesn't work at all on mobile websites so I have to be on a desktop to use it...).
@_date: 2013-10-26 06:02:35
Thats not how it works. The government isn't some guy trying to capitalize on the stock market once he gets some stocks.
They liquidate all assets related to the crime, no questions asked.
This has happened before with stock holders. guess what happens to the stocks that are now owned by the FBI? They don't hang around and try and play the market for profit, its immediately sold.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:24:41
Love the blind up voting going on here.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out just how bad of a source this is. Isn't even a real article, just some guy going "I heard from a guy this is totally happening guys!!"
@_date: 2013-08-31 17:30:23
Once Gox gets their shit together I'm confident that they'll see a huge increase in volume and possibly trading/BTC rise/etc, because simply put they have that first-mover advantage and "trust" factor - the only issue is the fact that they simply have so much crappy stuff going on with them at the moment that it's really driving people to use other trade engines like coinbase or bitstamp. Chief among these issues is the fact that its so hard and expensive to get USD in and out of Gox to the point where I'd wager most of the people trading on gox right now simply buy their BTC at other exchanges and then just transfer them to gox.
@_date: 2013-10-30 01:06:11
Biometrics won't be needed if a bitcoin bank ever pops up that distributes these ATM's. The only reason why you don't need to do all this at normal ATM's is because you have to have some kind of bank account somewhere to use an ATM - which has your entire identitiy pretty much attached to it.
Since these ATM's are pretty much completely self-sufficent, they have to do the entire "identity check" thing that normally happens in the background for standard ATM's right at the ATM.
@_date: 2013-10-24 05:59:10
If it makes you feel better its likely that this could cause a trend reversal in the long run, but I definitely think that there will be a rebound tomorrow before that could possibly happen.
Don't kick yourself, any profit is good profit. Better to play it safe and buy back in higher if it looks like its still going to trend up long term (think of it as paying insurance fee), than try and maximize and lose any possibility of making anything.
@_date: 2013-11-03 00:58:27
The strip might not be the most ideal location, simply because people on the strip go to Vegas to spend money on gambling and attractions rather than on investments and such. Unless there are businesses on the strip that accept btc.Then again everyone has the dream of making money at Vegas, so maybe btc atm will be perfect for those who have heard of wealthy investors of btc ;)
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:19:54
Instant verification is only an option for established users. You can't do it on new accounts and afaik coinbase does a 30 day transaction delay for your first purchase to prevent fraud. After that the only delay is how long it takes for your bank to clear, usually a week or so. Only then can you qualify for instant verification with a card.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:03:50
Oh please keep the cringe idealism out of this question.In market terms a bubble is simply when a large price/value increase happens that grows to where it can't sustain itself until it pops. Almost always rapid increases in value are bubbles, even if they pop down to a price that was higher before the bubble started.I.e. going from 135 to 200 in a week or so ago was a bubble - a small one, but still a bubble. It popped, which meant the price could no longer support itself at that rate of growth, and as such the value of btc dropped to around 170 or so. Because the pop wasn't big and there is still buyer interest, the price is recovering already right now. This slow organic growth is NOT a bubble. However if you take a long term perspective, the charts still look a lot like it being exponential in growth, so we might be starting to enter a bubble in the long term.Bubbles aren't all bad, when they pop they often end up settling at a higher price floor than what they were at before the bubble once the wake of the price crash is done with. At least in bitcoin terms.
@_date: 2013-10-30 00:52:59
Where do people get these bitcoin pictures? I'm wondering if this is actually a thing that has existed at one point (a bitcoin pile).
@_date: 2013-10-13 04:03:16
It really isn't at all. A blood diamond is a diamond that is mined and cut from essentially warlords that use their diamond profits to destabilize the region and wreck havoc in the area they operate in. Therefore when you buy a blood diamond, you are buying a diamond that directly profits and benefits these warlords.USD is for all intents and purposes not a physical good you buy, it is a resource like water or any other currency. And largely the US govt is as much a user of the USD as you are, even if they are the source of their production. Your usd benefits anyone who uses usd which is quite a lot of people not associated with "killing kids in Iraq" (an illogical fallacy statement in of itself) and it would be like saying because you use the internet you support child pornography.Actually funny thing, by using pretty much any smartphone or computer on earth you are basically supporting child labor and warlords in Africa anyways since almost all of the worlds production of a critical rare earth metal Tantalum used in every smart device or computer comes from such mines. Isn't globalization a bitch?
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:56:46
You are showing a fundamental lack of understanding of what happens when stuff like this goes down.
When the government gains any kind of asset from a criminal seizure, its immediately liquidated.
I'd be concerned about getting out because once DPR goes "I plead guilty", that gives the FBI clearance to end the investigation and liquidate all assets.
Best case scenario: They liquidate in an auction, private or otherwise like they would if they treated BTC as a commodity such as a car. The BTC still floods the market but in a very indirect manner, it'll likely hurt the price but (especially if done privately to investors who aren't interested in selling it immediately) not completely kill the price.
Worst case scenario: they treat it like an alternate currency or gold or etc and immediately sell an extremely high amount of bitcoins on an exchange. This would completely annihilate BTC down to pre-2013 era prices, the order book isn't even big enough to fill a 144k BTC order. It will also likely prevent any price increase or any faith in BTC at all for a very long time as they either must liquidate at pennies after a certain point or have a huge sell wall sit there forever.
Best case scenario of the worst case scenario: They liquidate on Gox and can't withdraw their cash. Haha!
@_date: 2013-07-02 04:27:10
Back when MtGox had 80% of all the traffic there were hardly any other exchanges, there were no altcoins, and the value of BTC was less than $40
So much for that theory
@_date: 2013-11-01 15:33:54
What is this colored coin business I keep hearing about here and there? Haven't ever got a clear explanation yet.
@_date: 2013-07-02 04:36:07
Bitinstant is expensive, I'd never use them.
Honestly if you are a BTC user in the US why don't you just use coinbase? It's the easiest way to get BTC without paying fees out the ass and without a huge turnaround (still a not-ideal one though, takes over a week to get BTC in after you buy).
Coinbase all you need to do it attach it to an ACH and you are good to go, direct withdrawl -&gt; BTC
@_date: 2013-10-29 18:04:00
A bubble is a bubble depending on the context and time frame. Generally we don't consider day to day market fluctuations as bubbles because they are too small and insignifigant, but if you really wanted to get down to it in the context of a 3 hour time period, a price increase of $5 that pops back down $5-$8 after it is done is a "bubble" of sorts, just on a really small time scale.
Please familiarize yourself with the definition of a market bubble: 


This is exactly what we saw two weeks ago, even if the bubble was a small one in the grand scheme of things. The price rose to an unsustainable amount above the actual value of the currency, before it popped and corrected down lower.
Right now, we are not currently in a bubble because we are seeing sustained growth but its very very likely we'll enter another, likely more significant bubble soon when we test new price highs if the sustained growth takes us close to that critical price point. Especially when you consider the long term graphs for bitcoin: 
The most significant thing about this graph is that it represents an extremely similar pattern to a cup and handle, right down to the expected volume levels: 
Granted Bitcoin is a bit different from a stock, in that it is volatile and new (in the grand scheme of things) so chart patterns are likely less predictable than they would be for actual stocks. The point remains the same, its likely that we'll enter a breakout period as we test new highs and this breakout period will likely result in a bubble before it continues long term growth or mid-term value loss (like what we saw with BTC earlier this year after the april bubble before it corrected after a while). This is still a bubble, even if in 5 years the "low point" of the price is going to end up being higher than the high point of a bubble that might happen soon.
I know you might think I know nothing about investing and market forces because I don't have a bitcoin shrine built into my closet like many members on this subreddit seem to have, but its silly to assume otherwise. I'm by no means a long term experienced stock market trader but I've been trading BTC since early this year and have studied into bitcoin as a market, and this type of semantic stuff doesn't exactly require a degree to discern. The only horseshit is the blind enthusiasm this subreddit has to bitcoin that causes this volatility in the first place the moment the market doesn't conform to their perfect vision.
I don't think BTC is doomed in the long term, if that is how you are reading this. At this point, its proving itself to be very lucrative to investors of all wealth levels, especially in countries where investing in anything is hard (China). These ATM's coming up are the most exciting thing to me. Its going to be great to be able to essentially have machines that make BTC work good as not only a currency but as a station to invest money in. Put USD in, get BTC and now you have your own investment... all from a machine located inside a mall, business or wherever these might pop up. This is critical and is going to be a corner-stone in giving the lower and middle classes the ability to actually invest in something in the long term, or use BTC for international purchases, money transfers, etc. 
@_date: 2013-10-30 04:27:45
Could be changed now. I just know it was like this when I first signed up is all.
@_date: 2013-10-24 05:55:55
I gotta admit, this picture has style.
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:30:41
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who holds this opinion on the matter. I'm a gay american who tends to be liberal in social policies and views but I'm sick of such things taking such huge importance in elections. Yes, I think gay marriage would be great. I also know the federal government would never universally pass it as long as the public remains divided on the issue (as stupid as the non-supporters are for fighting against such things), so who the &amp;$&amp; cares if a politician supports such things or not.
It's stupid as hell when there's a lot of much bigger, more major and more government-important issues to worry about. But nobody cares about those, we only want to know what this president thinks of babies and if he likes gay people or not. Sure if we have a perfect country from a government level these are great things to focus on, but that isn't the case.
It's one of the reasons why I liked Ron Paul as a candidate. He simply didn't give a fuck about focusing on social issues and wanted to get to the heart of REAL issues. I don't agree with his policies at all, but its a shame he's literally the only politician out there who could get on the news while running for president who held that kind of stance.
@_date: 2013-10-26 18:15:07
Uh, the FBI does?  
  
The government isn't on some big conspiracy against bitcoin right now. The FBI has even stated that they plan on liquidating the coins once the trial is over. Because that's what they have to do according to criminal law - assets belonging to the crime and criminal in question that were seized are liquidated and sold. The FBI has no interest in keeping the coins and they can't even if they wanted to. Its going to get sold as soon as the case is over.  
  
Its not about Bitcoin being "above the law". Bitcoin is considered an asset just like seized gold or a car or stocks owned by the criminal or something else would be and is going to be liquidated as such once DPR pleads guilty.
@_date: 2013-08-31 17:53:50
I don't really think their finances are the big issue here. They still get a massive amount of profit from people trading day to day, even if its not as big of a profit back in the "$200 bubble days".
It depends on how long it takes them to fix their issues they keep mentioning in their status updates. If they can do it by the end of the year I'm confident that gox will ensure it stays on top, however if they take longer then I feel like the market is in for a downturn as a different exchange becomes the next leader (at this poitn most likely bitstamp).
The problem is, this also relies on Bitstamp to seriously encourage and drive people to use them over Gox while gox is going through issues. If gox slowly burns out and dies due to them not being able to fix their issues and make a point to advertise that, and yet no other active trade engine decides to actually step up and take the reigns, then gox will still be "in charge" just not very good, which isn't good for the market as a whole. From all I've seen, pretty much all the exchanges are happy at being passive participants in the bitcoin economy and would rather not be in the top spot. Perhaps for good reason too... government pressure is likely to not go after Bitstamp/Coinbase, but more likely to go after MtGox, since it clearly is the oldes and largest exchange on the market.