@_author: kosinusbch
@_date: 2018-10-09 22:16:09
Actually payments get settled in BTC or BCH, then you can chose to sell and withdraw to fiat.
@_date: 2018-11-06 20:03:30
Sadly we aren't allowed to build on BTC anymore, and even if we did it would be useless if it got any adoption what so ever because of the regressive blocksize policy from Core right now. Probably why all of the developers in the space have switched from working on BTC exclusively to BCH and altcoins.
It's either you build on top of LN and lose all of the security and user-friendlyness afforded by Bitcoin, or you get shunned from the community.
@_date: 2018-11-06 17:28:47
I'm in the Coinspice telegram chat, they've been showing previews of the author's progress all week as he was making it. This was made with full knowledge of the author and all donations go to support the creation of further comics like this one, there is no malice in this comic. Just because CoinSpice and the author has a differing opinion to yours does not mean the author is suddenly dumb or a scammer, it just means he has opinions you don't have to like or agree with. The message is what counts, not the character or philosophy of the author.
For all we know Satoshi is in prison for having raped 10 cows, however that shouldn't influence your opinion of Bitcoin, and neither should the fact that the author takes Bitcoin Cash because he believes it's a better way to accept donations than Bitcoin-BTC.
@_date: 2018-11-06 17:45:28


What do you mean? Most of those wallets and exchanges are multi-currency and accept both BCH and BTC with the two exceptions being Electron and Handcash, both of which have notices on their sites differentiating the differences between the two coins. It's also not talking about any specific Bitcoin chain, just explaining the whitepaper in a fun and non-boring way, which seemingly no one has done so far and then on the very bottom, completely unrelated to the comic, accepting donations in Bitcoin Cash


It actually does, cashaddresses start with the prefix bitcoincash: and are in a format that is incompatible with Bitcoin-BTC wallets. It is impossible to send BTC to a bitcoin cash wallet, and even if you somehow manage to do it, the author still has access to the privatekeys which means he can claim the BTC anyways. If you want to donate BTC to him, you are free to do so after converting the cashaddress to a legacy address.
@_date: 2018-11-06 18:00:42
I mean, no one is saying Bitcoin Cash is BTC. It's just more closely aligned with the Bitcoin explained in the whitepaper, but if you think Bitcoin has evolved beyond the whitepaper then that's fine, but that doesn't make BCH a scam, at least in my opinion.
I'm not making any excuses for anything, I'm just saying your points are completely unrelated to the whitepaper comic and that you should be able to differentiate quality content and the opinions of the author. If you don't want people to know BCH exists, then feel free to convert the cash address to a legacy address (so you don't maliciously scam the author out of donations for his hard work) and set up your own site for it.
@_date: 2018-11-06 16:20:02
It's not promoting anything, it's just accepting donations in the coin that the author feels best represents his vision of Bitcoin. Plus, bch's moneybutton is probably the most user-friendly thing to come out of Bitcoin this century. If you want to donate in BTC, you can always convert the cashaddr to a legacy address and send something his way.
@_date: 2018-11-06 17:18:45
I don't get why it matters that the author has differing opinions to you anyways or why someone with disagreeing opinions is suddenly a scammer. If you like the product that Scott made, then it really shouldn't matter that he accepts optional *donations* in a currency that you don't like.