@_author: kotlover_mcpew
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:49:05
And where do they get their data from?
@_date: 2017-03-08 13:45:49
How about [this little gem]( shortly after introducing the 1MB blocksize limit as a hotfix against malicious attacks?
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:04:07


They actually are. Developers suggest changes to the protocol, which are then voted on by the blockchain. Once a measure is supported by 95% of all mining power, it will be implemented.


That system would be way too vulnerable and susceptible to attacks by people that do not have Bitcoin's best interest at heart. Read my other posts in this thread regarding that matter. I've already explained why that is a very bad idea a couple of times. Just imagine a susceptible voting system that could be influenced by any user .. the Russians would have a field day with it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:36:41
Yeah? And how would that be realized? Please go on. You speak as if this was a thing, can you name an example from the past?
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:48:44


That's incorrect. How long a machine is viable to run depends solely on the cost of electricity in your general area in correlation with the current BTC price. Take Venezuela or Iceland, for instance, you can still run S5s in those regions profitably, and those are several years old. That's exactly what I meant when I said that bystanders like you have no real understanding of how things are really done behind the scenes. You have a general idea of what mining is and how transactions work and you think you know immediately what's best for the network. No. Just no. People bitch and moan about Mining farms being located in China, Iceland, New Zealand, suspecting some sort of foreign conspiracy, when it's simply the circumstances in these countries allowing for much more profitable mining and longer use of owned hardware.


If anyone, then them, yes. But that was not Satoshi's vision. He knew that development teams are corruptible and centralized, which is exactly what he wanted to avoid with a free currency. He knew that what he was creating was too powerful for one man or a centralized team of people to handle.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:53:32
So I'm assuming you're not a fan of Trump?
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:24:12
How can users, at this point in time, enforce a fork without miner support? Please elaborate, I am very curious to see where this is going.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:06:16


Yeah? Like what? How about Vietnamese kids still being born with deformations today because of Agent Orange - decades after the war - yet you still refuse to acknowledge it, let alone help? How about Pakistani families being hit by drone strikes in misguided attempts to find terrorists? How about Hiroshima? Nagasaki? Even in WWII, Americans committed war crimes. How about the CIA supporting dictators so they could overturn their government and the US could get better deals, leading to the slaughter of MILLIONS of innocent women, children and men? Warcrimes in Korea? CIA black ops sites in Iraq were supposed terrorists were tortured? And how is Guantanamo Bay still a thing?
America hasn't done a good deed in decades. When Americans say that they have historically done a lot of good things, they often mean WWII - but here's the thing: You refused to give shelter to the Jews in WWII and you refuse to give shelter to refugees now. Nothing changed. The only reason you partook in WWII was because of Pearl Harbor and injured pride - and not because it was the right thing to do. Other countries had been calling on you way before, but you chose to ignore them until then. And even then, Russia did most of the work defeating the Germans. Literally 90%+. Look it up. Your efforts in Europe were irrelevant.
It's been pretty much radio silence ever since you freed the slaves. And ironically, that was a problem you yourself invented, so I don't know how you can even take credit for that. Every supposedly good deed you do happens because of ulterior motives, like Oil or getting rid of a government that doesn't play along. People on this world can look right through you. We see you for who you are: Greedy bastards. And if the rest of the world had to pick between you and the Chinese as our overlords, we'd be choosing the Chinese in a heartbeat because America has built its success on the graves of innocent people. Quite literally so if you consider the genocide of Native Americans. Consider this a free history lesson.
You may not like the moron in office right now but he is the archetype American, the epitome of ignorance and arrogance combined with lack of knowledge and intelligence. You deserve Trump. The reason you don't like him is because he acts like a mirror to the American people, and you're finally forced to look at your ugly selves for once. He's not any different than most presidents you've had in the past 50 years, neither is he different from most American citizens - he's just too stupid to keep his mouth shut and to hide his fuck-ups. It really amuses me though how such a big part of your population considers themselves to be religious, I mean, you got to appreciate the irony of the worst scum in the world preaching morality and love for your neighbor. If there really is a God, which I highly doubt, may he have mercy with your foolish souls when judgement day comes - because you'd be in for quite the surprise. You disgust me.
@_date: 2017-03-04 21:11:29
They don't always align, I never said they did, but they are congruent where it counts: Stability, usability and growth of the currency. And obviously, Satoshi must have felt that the decision making process is better left off to the miners than the users, hence the concept of his vision. If you can't see that the man who created this himself might be right, I hold no hopes of convincing you.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:00:28
That is really hypocritical considering that you're doing the exact same thing on this sub. But when they do it they're *bad hombres* who don't have Bitcoin's best interests at heart. Makes sense buddy. Makes sense.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:10:03
Why would other people prove anything to you? What have you done to be deserving of that, other than insult and ramble on reddit?


That sounds like something a sore 15 year old would say in a misguided attempt to personally attack someone that they could never ever reach :)
You'll get through it, buddy. I know life can be tough, just hang in there!
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:35:00
Google "Coindesk + How Bitcoin Mining Works" - they have a pretty good explanation for newcomers online.
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:30:00
I've made more than 50 transactions in the last 2 weeks. None took longer than 20 minutes to be confirmed. Most were confirmed after 10. I really don't know where this bullshit is coming from. Maybe you should switch over to a wallet like electrum that offers dynamic transaction fees?
Also, the voting system would be too vulnerable if just anyone could influence it, as there are no requirements to being a user. Any vote could be hijacked by governments or groups that do not particularly like Bitcoin, for instance by the Russians. That's why Satoshi decided that decisions are to be made by the blockchain. If you want to voice your opinion, you can do so by contributing to the system. Nobody is excluded from the voting process.
Just as in a modern democracy where you pay taxes on income and wares to contribute to the well being of society. And if you think more money doesn't buy you a bigger vote in a democracy nowadays, then I would invite you to go places like Russia or the United States, where nepotism and lobbysim are alive and well. If money didn't buy you a bigger vote in the real world, then Flint would have water, Fracking would be disallowed, Trump would be impeached and the 1% would be taxed like they are in many European countries. And while I understand that this can lead to centralization issues in the Bitcoin community, it just is the only way to keep people with bad intentions out of the voting loop. And Jihan knows this, and actively tries to help it, which is why the first batches of S9s WERE NOT supplied to Hashnest, a Bitmain community mining exclusively for AntPool - no, the first batches were shipped around the globe in an attempt to show that he cares about decentralization just as much as the next guy. And he did the same when S7s were introduced. Those are facts. And you can't blame the guy for eventually using the hardware his own company designed for their own pools. Most wouldn't even bother sharing, that's the reality of things.
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:54:57
I'm sorry but you obviously don't understand how Bitcoin works - and it's not my job to explain it to you.
@_date: 2017-03-05 06:46:13
As someone who actually runs a small mining operation - and not just claims to for propaganda reasons - I can tell you in detail why the exact opposite will happen. Please don't downvote me before you read my entire explanation, it will make sense, at least from a miner's perspective. And since you're asking miners to use their own money, time and work for your political reasons, I beg you to at least invest the time to read my post and try to understand why UASF will never get major miner support.
Despite being in favor of SW over BU, I strongly believe in the democratic voting process that has been put in place by Satoshi himself. And I can differentiate between a democratic decision made by all miners and a hostile takeover attempt by people that have no business meddling with the protocol. UASF is an attack on all miners' voting rights, forcing them to give up their right to vote and just blindly follow along - or else:
*"Rather than miners, it’s the Bitcoin economy — individual users, merchants, exchanges, wallet providers and other economic actors — that activates the soft fork with the software they run. At a specific point in time, the Bitcoin economy tightens up the rules of the system, activating the soft fork. From that point on, everyone simply rejects transactions and blocks that break the new rules.*
*Realistically, the miners would then have to follow the new rules as well [...]"*
I refuse to give up my right to vote and be held hostage by wallet users, merchants and potentially evil forces that may not have Bitcoins best interests at heart, like the Russians that have been trying to sabotage Bitcoin for years - and you know they like to meddle with votes from past experience. 
People in this sub like to think of Jihan and Bitmain as the bad guys, while in reality they just have a different opinion - an opinion they are entitled to. And it's not just AntPool that would be suppressed by this decision: It's more like 25-45% of all miners that are supporting BU, including pools like Slush, BTC.com, Bitcoin.com, ViaBTC, GBMiners and CanoePool that have supported BU in the past. The people behind UASF know this, that's why they are trying to hijack the democratic voting process, so they can make decisions without miners' input.
Consequently, I have recently stopped signalling for SW and pointed my hashing power at AntPool in support of BU and miners' rights.
Enough is enough. I'm so tired of all the manipulation attempts of bystanders. Miners are the backbone of the Bitcoin infrastructure, and my support for fellow miners is a lot greater than that of SW. UASF is an attack on Bitcoin's freedom, an act of war, and I will help fight for what is right. Even though I may not always agree with Jihan, I have a lot of respect for him and Bitmain, and they deserve their vote, as do other miners. We have been here for years, we endured ridicule when people tossed Bitcoin aside as some sort of virtual toy, treating us like delusional nerds whose vision will never be realized. But we put in the time, money and work regardless to allow Bitcoin to become what it is today - because we believed. If people supporting UASF think we will just roll over and let them take it away from us now then they are mistaken. No crypto-currency can sustain without miner support - especially not one like Bitcoin - and once other miners realize what UASF really is, they will follow Jihan as well, regardless of whether they used to prefer BU or SW.
You need to stop blindly following any narrative a subreddit feeds you and start thinking for yourself. After all, that's how the most successful people in this business got started: By not listening to the public opinion that had condemned Bitcoin as a nerd's dream. Life isn't black and white, you know. Sure, I supported SW - but that doesn't mean I support UASF. Don't just upvote any turd sandwich that comes through a subreddit in a misguided attempt to undermine "the other sub's" credibility. That's just childish and ignorant. Thank you for reading, you can downvote me now, I don't really care - I wouldn't be where I am if I did.
@_date: 2017-03-11 12:03:22
I think what's currently going on with Chinese exchanges has much higher potential negative effects than the SEC decision. Sure, an approval of the ETF would have been great for the Bitcoin economy, but it never relied on it.
@_date: 2017-03-04 18:10:08
To me, it felt like Jihan and BU supporters (25-45% of all miners) were being held hostage by UASF, that's why I felt compelled to express my support despite being in favor of SW. That's the only reason I spoke up in this thread in the first place. People like to paint Jihan as the bad guy, suspecting he is somehow conspiring to bring down the currency that his company, his life is built on. As a fellow miner, I have a lot of respect and admiration for Jihan, Bitmain and their products. I may not always agree with them, but they deserve the right to vote.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:39:37


TIL doing nothing is doing something. Ok.
And FYI, it was a "garbage collector" analogy, not a metaphor. If I said you're full of shit I'd be using a metaphor. If I said you looked like shit, I'd be using a simile. If I said you are somewhat smart, I'd be using a hyperbole.
But I feel like you have left the path of civilized discussion and resorted to mocking me because you ran out of arguments, I guess. Fortunately, I have plenty of other stuff going on in my life so I don't need to get hung up on the opinion of a fedora wearing adult anime lover ;) 
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:36:14
I'm not even American, and English isn't even my second language, let alone my first. But I appreciate the compliment.
I'm just a very realistic person. China owns the United States of America and big parts of Europe. Why are you all of a sudden acting like they just started controlling things? Lmao.
I think you misunderstand how the United States of America are regarded in other first world countries.... not a lot of fans. They have created countless enemies throughout the past 100 years, and it's gonna come back to bite them in the ass. Even nowadays they act like arrogant pricks that treat even their closest allies like shit - spying on foreign government officials as well as foreign citizens via the NSA and CIA. You think people don't take offence? Get real. Doesn't matter where you go, North America, South America, Asia, Africa, Russia, Europe - people all over the world have one thing in common: Hatred for the USA.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:26:28
So you would stoop to the level of an arsonist and even potentially murderer because you believe a man has wronged you, yet you have no evidence of him actually doing anything wrong? Sounds very reasonable. You sound like a real stand up guy!
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:28:28
Of course I agree with that. And miners have the same goals for the currency as users, at least for the most part: Easy usability, stability and long term growth. The difference is: A miner is much more invested, mentally and monetarily, as any regular user. It is literally their job to be, and they depend on the currency's success, whereas people holding a couple of Bitcoins only stand to lose very little.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:10:45
I really don't understand why you're telling me I'm suppressing anybody when all I did was voice my concern over the ignorant views this subreddit has regarding UASF, warning about the potential ramifications, patiently discussing basic principles for hours, remaining civil while being attacked by people that somehow feel threatened by and, for some reason, jealous of miners. I'm really disappointed that you won't even give me the decency to read up on a source I have specifically linked to answer one of your questions.
Put for the sake of it .. transactions are compiled in blocks, how many depend on the blocksize and the size of the individual transactions. The first miner to detect the block announces it to the network, where they are confirmed and the "puzzle" is solved. If enough miners approve, the block is sent to the ledger, or the block chain. More transactions mean that more blocks need to be dealt with before all transactions are confirmed, else network congestion impends. And more blocks require higher mining power, because solving these "puzzles" and confirming transactions within the block is not an instantaneous process.
I hope I have satisfied you now.
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:28:02
Please read my other replies, I've already talked about all of the points you're addressing.
The misconception that mining is some sort of ultra profitable cash cow, however, gets me every time. How do you know I'm even in the black? We're not paid workers whose salary is guaranteed. People have this infantile and simplistic idea of mining always being profitable, as if success has been guaranteed from the beginning. That's not how it works. We're not getting cheques from Bitcoin, we rely on the success of the currency - and without success, we lose most of our investment. Have you ever put anything of value on the line for the success of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:06:21
China owns and pilots the entire financial ecosystem on this planet. They could own anything if they wanted to, but they know that they can't prosper if the world suffers. Most first world countries are heavily in debt with the Chinese, and we rely on their grace in many aspects. If they really wanted to make Bitcoin their own, they'd already done it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:08:10
You actually are. You are the most special, smartest human being in this subreddit and it's been an incredible honor being able to communicate with you. You have enlightened me in ways that I thought were impossible, both through your vast knowledge of this subject and the willingness to accept failure when you're wrong. You're a true leader of mankind and we have already begun construction of the statue in your image that we plan to erect in the garden of our AltCoin Headquarters.
Thank you so much for everything you have done for me, and the Bitcoin community. We owe you a great debt.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:45:29
How many times do I have to repeat myself? *Who confirms these transactions?*
You keep dodging the question as if people weren't able to look right through you.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:41:33
There definitely is a correlation between number of blocks and mining power, at least until the difficulty is re-adjusted. Imagine the difficulty is being adjusted, but then suddenly 50% of miners just stop hashing. The effects on the network, and the currency itself, until a readjustment of difficulty occurs, could be disastrous.. and since Bitcoin is very fragile, even at this point, even a relatively short period of network congestion and presumably decline of value could send the whole currency in a downward spiral.
I apologize for having given a simplistic answer to a complex problem. It was not my intention to appear superior in any way, it just got hard to reply to every single answer to my post in full detail, as too many people took offence with my first statement about UASF, but I always feel compelled to reply to everyone because I feel it is the polite thing to do. Again, sorry if you felt like I was being dismissive with you, or trying to talk down to you, that was not my intention.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:57:13
This is getting more and more hilarious by the minute. Please go on!
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:29:55
Supporting BU is not the same as blocking SW. Miners, including Ver, are entitled to their opinion and can signal for whatever change they feel is appropriate. I don't see any fault in that.
The discussion of pushing a hardfork only arose after UASF supporters threatened to undermine the signalling process put in place by Satoshi. And FYI, peer review showed that a vast majority of Bitcoin holders actually support BU over SW. If this wasn't the case, they would never even consider it. The big bucks are behind BU. And the ones behind the scenes are already preparing for a temporary crash. Brace yourselves.
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:23:43
A lot of miners actually feel they have the moral high ground here. The Core team betrayed them and disregarded promises made in Hong Kong. BU supporters didn't escalate the discussion of BU vs SW, Core did in cooperation with the brilliant people supporting UASF. Congratulations, you brought this on yourselves!
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:27:37


Yes, because you can actually have a discussion in the other sub, despite the majority supporting BU. Whereas anyone who supports BU and voices his opinion here gets immediately shut down. You can't even talk critical about UASF here - and that's just a ridiculous turd of an idea.


He never hid it. That knowledge is public domain. What people in this sub forget, however, is that Jihan and Bitmain always provide new hardware to miners all around the globe first - people are just not willing to take the risk and make the investment. You really need to understand that. Decentralization begins with you and me. Where are the American companies producing ASIC hardware that can compete with Bitmain's? Where are the American companies running ASIC hardware in mining farms to further decentralization? You think I enjoy spending hundreds of dollars on shipping alone and waiting a month for new machines to arrive? No, importing shit from China is a pain in the ass. But I do it because they produce the best hardware. Period. 
You can't blame the Chinese for having a vision and being better at what they do. And it's not just ASIC hardware: Look at the Top 10 of supercomputers worldwide. The Chinese left everyone in the dust quite a while ago. At some point you have to stop whining and contribute yourself if you don't want the Chinese to have control over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:54:21
You're claiming you're an expert on a subject without showing any knowledge of it other than repeating that you're an expert, and attacking other people that you disagree with. Very Trump-esque.


And while I don't particularly like you either, I don't really care where you're from. I'm not going to judge an entire country by the juvenile ramblings of a kretin on reddit. That's racist, man.
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:13:41
How about news like these 
Very private information. They're definitely hiding something!
@_date: 2017-03-07 10:50:59
He is just doing the same thing the majority of pools have been doing for a very long time - which is passing on transaction fees to the miners. Your analogy is hot chinatown garbage. Nobody wants to be near it, nobody wants to see it - it stinks and doesn't make any sense.
He's not spending any of his money to compensate the miners in any way they would not be compensated with other pools as well. He's just passing on transaction fees, simple as that.
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:49:51


Grow up. Regardless of where you live, chances are your government is doing the same. China owns the USA and half of Europe and Russia, they could bring us all down if they really wanted to. We are following China's lead in more aspects than you might think, and we're not doing it because we agree with their politics, we do it because they're amazing at what they do.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:07:31
I did talk about this in my original post ... have you read it?
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:08:01
That's simply not correct. Even Satoshi used multiple rigs, and people caught on quite early, started hoarding AMD GPUs and basically started the idea of designated "mining rooms" - which was inevitable AND necessary for the success of Bitcoin, because the enormous influx of transactions could never be handled by a bunch of hobbyists running mining programs on their personal computer. Look at the global hash power right now. You think that can be achieved by people running programs on their shitty i3s? Get real.
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:56:28




Lmao. We're being paid in margins of a virtual currency whose value relies solely on its success. And that only happens when the BTC price surpasses a certain value, otherwise we pay extra for electricity. All the while calculating rising mining difficulty against investments in machines and space against an often unpredictable BTC price. That's not the same as a guaranteed, monthly cheque from an employer that you receive without any investment or risk, other than your precious time. Some people never even made ROI in this business, but that wouldn't fit the narrative of miners constantly making profits, right?




Spoken like a true SJW that's never had to deal with real world problems. You're a very special snowflake, aren't you.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:21:02
The users, the ones using bitcoin for monetary transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:06:00
The difference being that the other sub supports solely BU, while people on this sub try to push both SegWit and UASF - the latter being a hostile takeover attempt, which lots of miners are taking great offence with. That's where the escalation is coming from.
Everything was fine when it was a discussion between SW and BU. But it is not anymore. You broke the rules by threatening to undermine the established signalling process put in place by Satoshi himself, not the other sub.
@_date: 2017-03-04 12:38:40
I don't understand why people are giving Jihan so much crap. He and Bitmain have done a lot for Bitcoin, definitely a lot more than 99% of people using Bitcoin, accepting Bitcoin as currency or talking about Bitcoin here.
There's a lot of controversy surrounding both BU AND segwit, I can comprehend why either side is hesitant to give in. And I can comprehend why Jihan feels threatend by UASF - i do too - because it basically circumvents the democratic voting process that is currently in place. A process that is, in my opinion, justified as the miners are the backbone of the Bitcoin infrastructure. And nobody is excluded from that process: Want to voice your own opinion? Put your money where your mouth is, buy some hashrate, do your part and then cast your vote. That's how it's supposed to be. That was Satoshi's vision.
People here are spouting phrases like "all of this could be avoided if he simply signaled for segwit" - well *no duh*, but the same is applicable if you look at it from Jihan's side: all of this could be avoided if people accepted BU. People have different interests, and it's Bitmain's right to cast their vote according to what they think is best, as do other miners. The democratic voting process will *hash* it out in the end. So what do we need UASF for? IMO it's a threat to Bitcoin's freedom and a threat towards miners that have a different opinion. And it's not just AntPool that has supported BU in the past, others include ViaBTC, Slush, CanoePool, BTC.com, Bitcoin.com and GBMiners. It's not just one person, not even one company or one huge pool that is being suppressed here, it's more like 25-45% of all miners.
Although I prefer segwit over BU, I'm with Jihan on this: This is not okay. And it's more than understandable for him to lash out at this point. You'd do the same if it was your vote that was being suppressed. People are basically trying to force him and Bitmain to give up their opinion. And whether his opinion is correct or not doesn't matter, because every miner's opinion is valid - similar to a real life democracy. It doesn't matter whether you're a scientist or a dumb fuck that's never seen a high school from the inside - your votes count the same.
Life isn't black and white, and despite my preference of SW over BU, I am able to differentiate between a democratic decision and the attempt at a hostile takeover. Consequently, I have stopped signalling SW and directed my hashpower at AntPool in support of miners' rights. I'm tired of bystanders trying to manipulate the public opinion, constantly crying about block size and transaction fees as if the system was fundamentally broken. I'm tired of "wallet-heroes" and "investors" that have literally never run a node or any hashing power, trying to tell me what's best for Bitcoin. Don't forget that this shit was built on the back of miners that have been here for years. And my support for the rights of other miners is a lot greater than that of SW, because these people made Bitcoin possible in the first place.
@_date: 2017-03-04 21:29:19
Yeah? What's more important than stability, usability and growth? You claim to know yet give no examples. Howcome? Please tell me, I am very curious.
And even in the early days people already ran multiple rigs, then started switching to multiple rigs with multiple GPUs to increase their hash rate, and effectively the voting power. People were hoarding AMDs YEARS AGO to achieve the same effect that warehouses full of ASIC miners have today (Heard of mining difficulty?). The fact that you cite "One CPU, one vote" shows that you lack even basic understanding of how this thing got started and are just repeating things you've seen other people spout in support of UASF. This is exactly the reason why people like you should have no vote in this. You should not judge what you do not understand.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:59:02
Wow. Your arrogance and lack of knowledge amazes me. Just wow.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:03:28
Why wouldn't I? I have a great life, and my satisfaction with it is reflected in the way I treat other people. Your anger, however, indicates that you have some issues you need to work on.
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:27:45
Oh so now it's specifically CanoePool and ViaBTC? You asked for a source on Bitmain disclosing another mining pool and I provieded one. You can't google the rest yourself? To my knowledge, Canoe is independent. And that ViaBTC is supplied with Bitmain hardware is old news.
Who are you trying to shock here? That's all old news, and they don't justify any of your accusations.
The only thing stopping centralization is people putting their money where their mouth is and starting operations of their own. Whining won't make the problem go away, you know? While you're bitching on reddit about how unfair the system is, the Chinese are already working on the new ASIC hardware and are managing farms of their own and a proxy farm for people all over the world. Those sneaky Chinese, how dare they further progress.
The reality of things is: Anything of substance that was ever developed in the US had its roots in the military. Well, almost anything. Still, good thing the Chinese have a different view on what is important.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:32:53
I beg to differ, I think it is you who is misinformed on what nodes actually do. Besides, all you do is talk about how much you know, yet there is no sign of it. And if you had read my previous posts, you would have known that I was in support of SW, just not of UASF. There's a big difference.
The fact that you cannot even remain civil in a discussion and resort to trying to mock me shows, however, that you have a lot of growing up to do! And your act of supposed superiority will not convince anybody, quite the contrary, it will only drive the opposing parties further apart.
@_date: 2017-03-04 14:08:36
Exactly. Miners won't shoot themselves in the foot by somehow compromising the integrity of Bitcoin or intentionally harming the system - it would be contrary to their own success, and they have so much more to lose. Their interests are congruent with the interests of holders and users in all important regards, but their knowledge of the material is a lot steeper, and they have invested more time and money than most users: So let them decide, please, and remember that we're in this together.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:23:06
Who confirms these transactions, solves the "puzzle" and then sends these blocks to the chain? Insulting me doesn't make you right, you know.
@_date: 2017-03-04 19:09:19
That's were the analogy begins to show its weakness, because bitcoin miners aren't banks. Banks make money regardless of inflation or the economic state of the market. Example: Take banks in the Eurozone for instance, during the recent financial crisis. EUR is worth 1.5 US$? Banks make money. EUR is worth 0.9 US$? Banks still make money. What happens if Banks stop making money, mainly due to mismanagement and bloated structures? *Ding Ding Ding* Bailout time. Thank you mister taxpayer, I'll have your money now.
Miners, however, stand to lose everything if the BTC price drops below a certain margin, because they'd be unable to continue paying for the electricity costs - and there is no security net. BTC is worth 1200$? Miners make money. BTC is worth 1000$? Miners make a little money. BTC is worth 500$? The whole currency potentially comes to a stand-still within weeks if there is no consolidation in sight. The whole system is very fragile, and margins are razor thin since the mining business is as competitive as it gets, whereas banks are bloated as fuck and unsupervised for the most part. Miners have a MUCH higher incentive to keep the value of the currency as high as possible. We literally depend on it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:21:13
That is not an example of users enforcing a fork, merely nodes rejecting faulty blocks based on rules that had previously been voted on by miners. Oh gawd. You're another one of those numpties that doesn't know how bitcoin works aren't you? Nodes adhere to the rules made by majority of miners, not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-03-04 05:25:38
While I agree that the fees have come to a point where paying with Bitcoin for smaller transactions has become somewhat unpractical, I do applaud everyone including OP for doing it regardless - because we are all invested in this, and every purchase paid with Bitcoin will further the cause. I'd rather spend a couple of dollars on transaction fees a month and see the currency of my choice soar than sit on all my coins and cry about block size limit all day.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:24:11
I'm sorry, but what???
@_date: 2017-03-07 11:55:08
So? That's an estimation made by him, you're just using his own estimation against him in an attempt to find fault where there is none. Offering a flat rate rather than a fluctuating reward can have its upsides. And nobody is disputing that fees will rise in time, but then again, he never said he will stick to 10% for the remainder of the pool's lifespan, did he? There are a lot of different reward models for miners, and the one he is utilizing isn't new. Please refrain from passing judgement unless you know what you're talking about. In the end, miners will have to decide for themselves whether switching to Ver's pool is profitable or not, and that is the most powerful factor influencing their decision, not some political agenda pushed by a manipulative subreddit.
There's nothing shady about Bitcoin.com's marketing. You're just pointing at Roger Ver because you've been fed that he is a *bad hombre*.
But do you see the contradiction? First you guys open this thread and claim that Ver is bribing miners with higher than usual rewards. After that is disputed, you claim he is keeping valuable rewards from miners and pocketing it himself, which is nonsense yet again. You're desperately trying to find fault with Bitcoin.com's mining pool because you personally dislike Roger Ver. You flip-flop all over the place in an attempt to find flaws that fit your narrative, but the facts have nothing to do with it. If this pool was opened by a Core developer, you'd be praising the shit out of it. Pathetic.
Could you make up your minds? Why do we hate Roger Ver again?
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:18:19
But there is a correlation between number of blocks and mining power.
And sorry for assuming that you weren't familar with the topic, but imagine I would have asked you to explain this topic: Would you have assumed I was an expert, and explained it to me in complex detail as if I were? Would you have even had the time?
Why am I being judged as if it was my job to explain everything in perfect detail to everyone in a 1 on 1 conversation? I feel like I'm being held to a higher standard just so my opinion could be considered valid - just because I voiced my concerns over UASF? That's fucked up, man.
@_date: 2017-03-04 19:53:12
You read one article about two instances of anomalies in AntPool's mining behaviour and you immediately assume that AntPool is the only one doing it, and they're doing it for malicious reasons. While in reality, a lot of pools mine empty blocks, and AntPool might have very valid reasons for doing so. It even said so in the article, but I guess that doesn't fit the narrative of Jihan being the booman of this subreddit, right?
Why should he have a problem with UASF? First of all, because changes are supposed to be voted on through the blockchain, as was intended by Satoshi. Secondly, the implementation of it would eventually lead to problems for miners refusing to adhere to it, effectively forcing them to either play along or split. This information is also publicly available:
"Rather than miners, it’s the Bitcoin economy — individual users, merchants, exchanges, wallet providers and other economic actors — that activates the soft fork with the software they run. At a specific point in time, the Bitcoin economy tightens up the rules of the system, activating the soft fork. From that point on, everyone simply rejects transactions and blocks that break the new rules.
Realistically, the miners would then have to follow the new rules as well [...]"
Please tell me how this is not the definition of being held hostage on a decision. UASF forces miners to give up their right to vote, and then forces their will upon them. I can fully understand why Jihan is upset, and once more miners realize that this is virtually an attempt to hijack the tried and true decision making process that has made Bitcoin the successful currency it is today, they too will follow Jihan. And without miner support, no crypto-currency can sustain, especially not one like Bitcoin that demands a huge amount of hashing power just to keep the enormous influx of transactions going. Miners have always feared that Bitcoin might become too big at some point and get corrupted, that's why we keep dragging LiteCoin on as a potential replacement. You think it would be hard to adjust our ASIC miners to another crypto currency? It is not.
Calling him a power tripper and butt hurt doesn't further the discussion in any way. I don't know if you ever met the guy or why you are so angry at him but I can assure you, he just acts the way he does because he deeply cares about Bitcoin and knows what he's talking about. Niveau is often confused with arrogance when looking at it from an inferior point of view.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:18:20
Do you not see the hypocrisy in your statement?
*Other pools have been doing it for a long time!!!*
Roger Ver starts doing it
*ROGER VER IS BRIBING PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!111 MUH NODES*
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:35:02
Yeah, let's rather have the Russians decide what happens to Bitcoin right? At least the Chinese are invested in the currency...
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:02:12
Alright. Those two statements made a lot of sense. Now, in an attempt to reconcile, I'm once again going to attempt to explain what I meant when I said *confirm* the transactions - transactions are included in blocks, and the blocks are worked on by miners. Without the miners, the blocks would not be sent to the blockchain, hence the transactions would not get confirmed. Maybe we have been talking past each other, I don't know, English is neither my first nor my second language. I just thought you were behaving a bit like a dick and too sure of yourself, and I don't know why I was deserving of that treatment .. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:31:26
Thank you. I also think it's important that we stop this constant bickering between subreddits, stick to Satoshis concept and just vote on whatever system we believe in. Bitcoin isn't broken, transactions are doing just fine. All of this fear mongering isn't helping anybody.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:14:19
UASF is basically a soft fork unapproved by and independent of the blockchain. Read the quote in my first post.
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:53:51
I'm not arguing that the United States aren't great providers of software and entertainment. Silicon Valley and Hollywood are the best at what they do. And I'll also give you hardware for personal computers like the one produced by Intel - but I'm not giving you Apple, their hardware is overpriced shit, as are their phones.
Tesla and SpaceX are bloated companies only made possible by Paypal's success. Tesla cars are pieces of shit though, just as any other car coming from the US, lacking years of development under the hood without the chance of ever catching up. The only reason they still sell is your obsession with Pick Up Trucks combined with patriotism. And SpaceX has yet to prove that they're worth the hype.
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:23:52
How is it undemocratic? You can invest however much you have, and that will be equal to the amount of work you actually contribute to Bitcoin in general, and will be reflected in your voting power.
What you want, however, is representation without taxation. That's not how the real world works. You contribute nothing, you don't vote. Easy as that. Wanna vote? Get to work. Easy as that.
If the system worked differently, we would be facing too many dangers - anyone can claim they are a user, as there are no requirements to being one. As a result, votes will be misguided by people unfamilar with the material or even manipulated by people that don't have the currency's best interest at heart. If you don't get that, then you're exactly the sort of "bystander" I was referring to in my previous post.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:48:16
I do realize that there are flaws in the system. But the alternatives present vulnerabilities and security issues that may present a greater danger to the currency.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:32:23
*Wew lad*. Copying information from the internet neither makes you right nor does it make you smart. You know I was right, that's why you got so upset in the first place.
But it's okay, we all make mistakes. I forgive you for your behaviour.
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:18:02


I've explained the dangers and vulnerabilities of opening the voting process to non essential users already.. votes could be easily manipulated by, for instance, governments like Russia that have a strong motive to bring down the currency. But I do agree that anyone that is actively contributing to Bitcoin should have a right to vote - and currently they do. Via the blockchain.


I'm sorry if I came across as arrogant and you felt treated like a vermin, but sometimes you have to be frank to get your point across to people that have been fed too much bullshit. And since when are you paying for my meals? Who even says that I'm already in the black? It was never guaranteed that ANY of our investments would pay off. How do you think we felt after MtGox and the huge drop? You think we didn't lose any money? It was a huge risk to continue, with lots of ups and down, and it's only recently become somewhat stable. But even now the margins are razor thin. Mining isn't some sort of ultra profitable cash cow, and we aren't fat cats sitting in Ivory Towers. Even now, it's a huge risk to invest in new machines. But you don't have to carry that weight, do you now. It's easy to download a wallet client and say: *I'm part of the Bitcoin community now! Let me vote!* when you've never actually put anything of value on the line.


Would a Bitcoin monopolist that developped the most high tech machinery refuse to sell it to his own mining pool but instead send it around the globe in an attempt to further decentralization? Because that's exactly what Bitmain did with the first batches of S7s a few years ago and S9s a couple of months ago. Those are facts I can attest to from first hand experience. So please elaborate because that doesn't make any sense to me: What do you know about Jihan and Bitmain that I don't?
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:49:47
It actually won't - it will just further the problem of centralization because the Chinese farms can endure a much lower Bitcoin price than the ones located in Europe or North America. The less profitable mining farms will be forced to stop, difficulty plunges, and Jihan is still making hefty profits, now with more control over the network. You achieve the exact opposite of what you intended to. Sometimes I think the people in this subreddit don't really consider what they actually know before posting ..
@_date: 2017-03-11 13:43:34
So you're saying if the Chinese government actually intensifies its restrictions on Bitcoin, possibly banning the usage of it and mining farms, you wouldn't care or see the possibility of it having negative effects on the Bitcoin economy?
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:31:01
Yeah but can you at least admit that miners are necessary for the confirmation of blocks, even if you don't need as many as one may think, and that an instantenous drop off in mining capacity from one day to another would lead to complications? Because I feel like I have a point here, too, and you're being very dismissive of it, despite of its validity. The adjustment of difficulty is not a mystery to me .. Imagine the difficulty was recently being adjusted and 50% of miners just stopped, it could have a domino effect that sends the whole currency in a downward spiral, since Bitcoin is very fragile and even a relatively short period of network congestion and presumably decline in value could have disastrous effects on the currency itself.
Here are also some words to take into consideration...
But alas, I feel like we got off on the wrong foot and might have been friends under different circumstances. Let's just call it a day and go our seperate ways.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:39:53
I know this is a little off topic, but I've become somewhat interested your psyche. Would you mind elaborating your thoughts on the Brexit? I'd like to hear your opinion on something other than this topic, just to get some perspective.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:44:43
I asked your opinion, you're being dodgy again. Would you have voted for Britain to remain, or leave (I'm assuming you didn't vote because of the awkward way you phrased your response, presumably because you're underage). It's a pretty simple question, really.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:03:54
Bitmain is actively trying to further decentralization by offering new machines to people around the globe first rather than their own mining pools - that is a fact. It's not them who's the problem. It's just that nobody wants to step up and do it, it's a big investment and risk.
People cry for decentralization because it's easy, but when they're given the opportunity to actually take part in it, they look away in fear of losing their investment, which is a very real possibility.
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:01:20
As I've said, I was in support of SW. Your opinion on BU, however, is your opinion, and other miners are entitled to theirs. That's not what we're discussing here though. We're talking about the dangers of eliminating a democratic voting process that has been in place since the dawn of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:10:17
I said that I did signal segwit up until UASF became a threat. I merely stopped to express my support for miners supporting BU, because I felt their voice wasn't heard. I will continue signalling SW as soon as UASF discussions are off the table. I still believe it's the way to go.
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:49:22
I agree. I myself supported SW, too, I just take offense with people trying to hijack a democratic voting process that has been in place since the dawn of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:57:57
No No, I'm part of the Doge Coin spy crew, but we keep good relations with the other spies infiltrating this subreddit. I'm friends with some of the Ethereum and LiteCoin spies, and we are impressed by your intellect and capability for deductive reasoning. We usually go unnoticed but you managed to make us, hence we decided to bestow upon you the honorary title of *Crypto Sherlock*.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:27:18
Here we go with the self appraisal and inappropriate, passive aggressive comments again. I feel like I've arrived in chav country. I'll give it a try if you dont mind, *sunshine*: *Oy mate, you a bloody wanker, innit? I feel like you lost the plot just cause you've been gutted by life but guess what you bloody tosser, we all have it rough. You're real chuffed but I've seen more useful information written on walls in the loo! Blimey, why won't you just sod off already?!*
Now I get it. This is kind of fun! You're a regular *madlad* aren't you?
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:25:38
No. That's just a horrible analogy, you don't seem to understand what bitcoin mining is.
It's like people handling your transaction at a bank deciding on how those transactions could be performed smoother. But all of a sudden customers come in and try to tell you how to do your job à la "Yo dude I know I don't work at a bank but why don't you make your cheques twice the size bro, you can fit twice as much information on there!!!!11" and you're like "What????" and the customers reply "I'm a money user, I should have a vote in this, too, so respect my opinion aight dude?" That's what's happening right now with UASF - people meddling with something that they have no business meddling with.
Bitcoin miners don't do any manual labor, you know? We handle virtual transactions with the help of machines, and the decisions that are made by miners deal with exactly those transactions. Bitcoin mining is nowhere near as honorable a profession as actual coal or ore mining - we're just nerds trying to get Bitcoin as far as we can, so all of us can retire early. Keep in mind that we're all sitting in the same boat here, you sink, we sink, and we stand to lose A SHITLOAD MORE than people just sitting on a couple of Bitcoins. So don't lose your patience just because the rocket hasn't landed on the moon yet, it'll get there.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:11:47
You got me, I'm a secret Doge Coin spy. *Woof Woof.*
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:44:10
You're beginning to repeat yourself. You're avoiding my specific questions because you know you dun goofed, instead you keep repeating how smart you are, keep posting links that you don't seem to comprehend yourself, get more aggressive with every post and call me names in an effort to undermine my credibility. Yet there are no signs that you have actually understood what you are talking about. Nobody is impressed mate.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:18:17
In the real world, every citizen contributes, whether it is by paying taxes on income, or taxes on items they purchase, taxes on gas etc.
What have you contributed to the Bitcoin universe? A second ago, you wanted voting power for ever user, now it's node runners? That's at least something, but as I've said before, just "owning any amount of Bitcoin" and running a node will open up vulnerabilities in the voting system, as that is virtually free, spoofable, repeatable, and easy to use to manipulate votes. Have you been to the internet good Sir?
And as I've already mentioned, I supported and will continue to support SW as soon as UASF is off the table, I just don't appreciate people meddling with stuff they have no business meddling with.


That made me giggle though. Have you been to the United States? Russia? That's exactly how these "democracies" work these days. However, it's a horrible analogy and doesn't apply to this problem. It's more like garbage collectors collectively deciding on how garbage can be collected smoother, the bigger your landfill and truck fleet, the more say you have. But why would we listen to the people providing the garbage and putting it on the street? Because you're a "garbage user" and know so much about how it should be handled and recycled? Despite never having been to a dump, never having driven a garbage truck, never having picked up trash off the street or even contributed to paying for the trucks and landfill? Gimme a break. You have no business voting on these decisions.
But hey, whipping out that "mental gymnastics" term that you basement dwelling anime neckbeards seem to adore so dearly really got you the upper hand, how could I ever compete with that. You really have the biggest words. Impressed. Bigly.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:48:46
That's false. Nodes validate, miners confirm. And you know that, too, that's why you've been dodging the question for so long. Nice try though.
*"The primary purpose of mining is to allow Bitcoin nodes to reach a secure, tamper-resistant consensus."* They do so by confirming the transactions, and the information is then passed on.
@_date: 2017-03-05 09:12:57
And Core doesn't? This subreddit doesn't?
Why is he not allowed to convince others of his opinion, but you guys are?
@_date: 2017-03-05 08:33:06


And miners have? If mining is so profitable and risk free, why doesn't everyone start? How do you even know I'm already in the black? You're making simplistic assumptions from the point of view of a **bystander**, and your post makes that painfully obvious.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:55:28
I disagree. I think his vision still holds up and is the closest we have ever gotten to a free currency. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:36:48
*"Every ten minutes or so mining computers collect a few hundred pending bitcoin transactions (a “block”) and turn them into a mathematical puzzle. The first miner to find the solution announces it to others on the network. The other miners then check whether the sender of the funds has the right to spend the money, and whether the solution to the puzzle is correct."*
Excerpt from a beginners tutorial. So tell me now, who confirms those transactions? There's no mention of it in your previous post, despite my very specific question. You're even contradicting yourself a couple of times. And calling me a numpty and getting angrier with every post doesn't give you the upper hand either ;)
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:29:52
Your post is completely devoid of any real information .. you claim he contradicts himself a lot, but list no examples. You claim the development of BU is shady, but don't say in what way. It's just meaningless mumbo jumbo centred around the idea that Roger Ver and everyone supporting BU are bad people, without any real argument or facts to back that up ...
Look, I don't want to act superior, I know how easy it is to get swept up in a narrative. But we shouldn't depend on the opinions formulated by others. We, as free thinking human beings, should always question authority and form our own opinions based on facts.
@_date: 2016-06-16 08:38:22
That's pretty neat! However, you forgot to mention Steam accepting Bitcoins now as well... before they accept currencies like the AUD, which is huge for bitcoin
@_date: 2016-06-16 08:57:19
Inflation is only healthy as long as everything grows by at least the same rate. The US inflation rate has been fluctuating a lot in the past fifteen years (  ) and although the current rate of 1.1% may not sound like a lot, government facilities and the "common man" are experiencing a much worse time than you would initially expect because their public funding / wages are not adjusted accordingly, meaning they have less and less economical buying power each year. And 1-3% each year over the course of 20 years or so without proper adjustment of wages adds up. Just google for some studies demonstrating what an average salary could get you in the early 2000s and gets you now. Another indicator would be the interest rate. Just ask your parents what interest rates they were going to get on saving accounts back then and compare it to now.
As to your other point, I never said btc was already a very stable currency - I just said that it was becoming more and more stable every day. Of course its way to where we are now was paved with ups and downs, some of which rather unexpected, but you have to keep in mind that bitcoin is the first of its kind. A pioneer. There are risks involved but the potential reward is very big.
@_date: 2016-06-16 03:31:52
I personally believe we will crack 1000$ within the next few weeks, a few weeks after the halving at most - and I also believe the price per btc is going to stay at that level for months if not years to come, that is unless the currency implodes somehow. However, relative to other currencies, Bitcoin is becoming more and more stable every day. The USD and EUR are not what they used to be, money is being printed like crazy and inflation is kicking in hard. The GBP is in danger of taking a dive should Britain actually be this retarded and quit the EU. The Gold price still hasn't recovered from the crash a few years back and we've recently seen Oil being dumped on the market like it's tab water. So regardless of what you invest in, things may always go down the toilet.
However, you should make up your own mind. As other people said, nobody really knows if the price is going to go up much further or eventually fall again - but that's the case with any investment opportunity.
Warren Buffet once said that he only invests in companies and stocks that he believes will still be viable in 10 years. I believe btc is the currency of the future and will be even more prominent in 10 years, so I've already invested a large portion of my funds and am looking forward to a great payday to come.
@_date: 2016-07-11 11:19:25
Have you tried bitcoin.de?
@_date: 2016-07-11 12:16:58
Yeah it's great, they are partnered with Fidor Bank and when you create a free bank account with them, trading there works instantly ("Express-Handel"). You can wire money to your Fidor bank account just like you would to any other bank account (same procedure with Post-ident to get the account like with any other bank). You can then reserve money for trading on bitcoin.de and once you make a trade, the balance on your bank account changes accordingly. So you can trade instantly once you have the funds on your bank account, it's just the 2 day wire transfer that you have to do once (and of course getting the Fidor bank account, but you could also use other banks but would be excluded from "Express-Handel" then)
It's not as big an exchange as Bitstamp, though, but it is the most prominent platform for bitcoin trading in Germany, I think. I've been using it for a year or so and although getting the bank account took a few days, everything worked quickly and reliably afterwards. I can buy and sell bitcoins in seconds, and get the bitcoins/money instantly.
Also, when using "Express-Handel" and selling large amounts of bitcoins, you never have to fear the site withholding your funds as they are instantly accredited to your bank account.