@_author: kousty16
@_date: 2019-09-04 18:04:30
Hello my wandering brother, I can counter both your invalid arguments very easy and very fast. 
Did you ever transfered your money somewhere far far overseas via insertyourtraditional bank transfer? Can easily go to 20 € fee per single transaction, which actually really is almost 100x more than average Bitcoin transaction fee at this date. 
Did you ever tried to send your money somewhere via insertyourtraditional bank transfer during weekends? If not, let me tell you that You will have to wait to closest working day till they process it. That is what I call confirmation taking too long. 
To continue because I would really like to enlight you... 
Want to pay with debit card at merchant? Lol you better compare transaction fees again. 
Want to pay with credit card at merchant? Credit is no money for us (it is however for our todays monetary system, sadly) 
Also, you don't have to actually wait 10 minutes for BTC transaction to be processed to get yourself your favorite pumpkin latte at Starbucks and leave. Works exactly the same way merchants wont get payments written to their accounts the moment you shop with them if you are using "traditional money". 
To sum it up you are just not going too deep I am afraid... BTC is far far better than banks or any fiat money and there is a real value for all people who use it. 
It's OK if you hate it, indeed it is not meant to ve used by eeeverybody.
@_date: 2019-09-04 19:26:07
What is price of bread in Bs. at where you live? Can you guess actual unemployment rate? I ask for your guess  because I would assume there are lot of people who work without contract therefore there are no reliable data, is that right?
To be honest I am glad to see that easily accessible currency / asset that works as a fund to protect savings against fluctuation of their own state currency against rest of the world. I believe Bitcoin helped with that to Argentinians too because Bitcoin is on all time high to Argentine Peso atm.
Hopefully situation in Venezuela will resolve soon, thank you for update.