@_author: kraete
@_date: 2014-05-08 13:51:17


Infrastructure has been built and maintained by private companies successfully in the past, even roads and such. It is entirely possible especially if we are talking about doing it in the "ancap world" because that's the ideal world to do it in.


Not true, the main reason for lack of competition in cable companies are the fees associated with public right-of-way access. Google fiber is an example of a company that would love to lay fiber but is restricted by licensing, not by whether or not they'd have a monopoly. Not every company exists solely to squeeze every cent of profit they can, in fact that's more of the exception than the rule.
@_date: 2014-05-07 23:40:08
Until they gain a reputation for such misconduct and are no longer accepted by the consumer as a reputable firm, in theory. Private arbitration companies will side not with the company that brings them most business exactly, but with the actions that bring them most business. It's the structure they exist in that is the problem not the idea of a private arbitrator per-say. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:38:46
It would still hold that if the consumers reject the arbitration company, they would reject contracting with any business using that arbitration company. This would still serve to keep the arbitration company in check, even more so if large businesses such as the cable company refused to use the arbitrator on account that they would lose cable customers. This is just a little more indirect than what I was talking about before
The Anarcho-capitalist community would probably start by questioning the mechanism that allowed the company to monopolize the town infrastructure and point out these sorts of licences as the structure that suppresses competition, and the suppression of competition being the mechanism that allows such monopolies to continue.
Of course this is just waxing theory within a socio-economic construct that does not necessarily reflect current real-world systems.
@_date: 2014-04-25 17:59:14
The separation is the voluntary nature nature of the system, power structures and social constructs like democracy are totally compatible with anarchy as long as they are voluntary. Coercing people into participating or funding or what have you is the problem.