@_author: krafa
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:15:12
**Bitcoin is really a crying matter today. But still I hope with myriad Interactive. CryptoCafe is going to be big in the world of Bitcoin, be sure to sign up for the big  release announcement. The website is owned by a public company called Myriad Interactive, the stock symbol is MYRY and its predicted to be very big! Have fun !!!**
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:04:14
Myriad has initiated development of a new innovative platform which will be announced in the next 90 days to enhance the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency community. CryptoCafe is going to be big in the world of Bitcoin, be sure to sign up for the big  release announcement. The website is owned by a public company called Myriad Interactive, the stock symbol is MYRY and its predicted to be very big! 
Myriad Interactive Media Begins Development of Bitcoin Platform CryptoCafe.com
Myriad CEO, Derek Ivany, told investors his team has initiated development of a new innovative platform that he expects will enhance the Bitcoin and crypto-currency community. "Our project is not just related to Bitcoin, but other crypto-currencies as well like Litecoin. We have been involved in the world of Bitcoin for the last year, and we are really excited about having the opportunity to bring forward a platform that could introduce the world of crypto-currencies to a much larger audience, on a worldwide scale."
Myriad Interactive Media is an interactive marketing and development firm based in Toronto, Canada. Myriad designs and develops customized marketing plans, social media marketing campaigns, pay per click, and search engine marketing. Our company also develops in house web &amp; mobile applications.
@_date: 2013-12-18 06:57:04
Hello All,
Myriad has initiated development of a new innovative platform which will be announced in the next 90 days to enhance 
the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency community. CryptoCafe is going to be big in the world of Bitcoin, be sure to sign up for 
the big  release announcement. The website is owned by a public company called Myriad Interactive, the stock symbol is 
MYRY and its predicted to be very big! 
Myriad Interactive Media Begins Development of Bitcoin Platform CryptoCafe.com
Myriad CEO, Derek Ivany, told investors his team has initiated development of a new innovative platform that he expects 
will enhance the Bitcoin and crypto-currency community. "Our project is not just related to Bitcoin, but other crypto-
currencies as well like Litecoin. We have been involved in the world of Bitcoin for the last year, and we are really excited 
about having the opportunity to bring forward a platform that could introduce the world of crypto-currencies to a much 
larger audience, on a worldwide scale."
Myriad Interactive Media is an interactive marketing and development firm based in Toronto, Canada. Myriad designs 
and develops customized marketing plans, social media marketing campaigns, pay per click, and search engine 
marketing. Our company also develops in house web &amp; mobile applications.
Have a charming day :)
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:33:02
Hi Traders,
CryptoCafe is going to be big in the world of Bitcoin, be sure to sign up for the big  release announcement. The website is owned by a public company called Myriad Interactive, the stock symbol is MYRY and its predicted to be very big! 
Myriad Interactive Media Begins Development of Bitcoin Platform CryptoCafe.com
For more information and to read disclaimers and disclosures: 
Myriad has initiated development of a new innovative platform which will be announced in the next 90 days to enhance the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency community.
"We have been involved in the world of Bitcoin for the last year," said Myriad CEO Derek Ivany. "We believe Bitcoin brings a world of possibilities to many around the world, and our new platform will add further value to these exciting P2P currencies."
Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority or banks; managing transactions and the issuing of bitcoins is carried out collectively by the network.
Cheers !!!