@_author: krakensuer
@_date: 2018-01-01 10:41:00
Thanks for sharing.
I intend to sue Kraken for the losses and damages they have caused to my family, which will be a civil charge. Although I believe they are scammy and fraudulent, it wasn't clear to me if criminal charges could be laid on them. However, the comments of some victims of Kraken, including you, seem to suggest it's possible. I will support any move you'll make.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:14:18


Every time a serious problem of Kraken is brought up, there is always someone bashing and attacking Bitfinex, as well as many others protecting Kraken.


@_date: 2017-12-05 12:44:55
What makes you think so?
I had a working theory that they might be insolvent, too.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:21:37


Same here. Not now, but soon. Check my post history for details.
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:32:12


Many Kraken users can confirm. /s
Just search Kraken in this sub and you'll know the truth.


I can totally confirm. /s
For every post exposing serious problems of Kraken, there are always comments protecting them from various angles. Take a close look at the comments in this post. Check my comment history for more details. They are committing commercial fraud.
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:08:43
Kraken is lousy in both technology and ethics. If you search complaints about misplaced coins on their platform, there are always comments protecting them in many ways. They are shills. The comment is your friend's post is one.
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:34:11
If you have a serious problem with Kraken, check my comment history.
PM if you will.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:12:30
Thanks. Screenshots may be questioned for authenticity. Take videos if possible. Keep me updated about any progress your firm may have.
@_date: 2017-10-18 12:40:42
1. BCH's protocol is compatible with BTC's. If someone is the owner of a BTC address, he is also the owner of the same address of BCH. And vice versa.
2. It is not only provable but also publicly verifiable that Kraken holds your BCH or BTC coins, depending on which coins are in question.
3. As a result, the problem is not to recover the "lost" coins. No coin is lost. They have your coins. It's about whether they credit your account the coins.
4. Other exchanges, such as Bitfinex, credit their customers the misplaced coins.
5. Kraken has a notice saying something like they are not responsible for coins sent to wrong addresses. It's like saying "Putting your coins in the wrong pocket of mine does not count.". It doesn't sound like it has a legal effect.
6. Besides not providing support for misplaced coins, Kraken's trading platform has many known technical issues, which means they run their business without providing a secure environment. They even reduce the precision of coins they receive, effectively taking away their customers' coins, which may fall into the category of theft or scam. (Disclaimer: I'm not a lawyer, but it's worth exploring.)
7. As a software developer, I can tell from Kraken's platform that many means can be taken to make sure the odds that the customers make mistakes are minimized. This is to say, it is not just your fault your coins are sent to the wrong address.
8. There are signs that Kraken's either have an incompetent cryptocurrency technical team, or don't have such an in-house team at all (meaning they outsource the job, which makes resolving technical issues more time-consuming and costly).
9. While Kraken's technical competency is unclear, it is quite clear that people running the company are irresponsible, based on how they run the business and how they treat their customers.
10. There are signs that Kraken's employees do damage control in forums by disguising themselves as random unrelated warm-hearted forum users, downplaying the problem, and absolving Kraken of responsibility. For example, read the comments of kbdwarrior in  carefully. I'm sure you can find similar comments in this topic.
@_date: 2018-02-11 13:10:30
Do Coinbase not support USDT/Tether at all, like there is no such token(s) anywhere on their platform? Forgive me if the question doesn't make sense since I'm totally ignorant of the token(s).
I have a similar experience with Kraken. I sent BCH to a BTC address and they didn't want to do anything. I intend to sue them but have no idea where to start. Can you elaborate the process (and the options if applicable)? Any comment will be appreciated.
@_date: 2017-10-18 12:34:25
Thank you random warm-hearted forum user who is totally unrelated to Kraken to not only point out Kraken's notice, but also highlighted it, which is likely the most important argument Kraken may have. You've made the notice the most noticeable text in the whole topic.
But why? Why did you highlight it? You were talking directly to OP. Were you worried he would miss it? Or are there other unspeakable goals you wanted to achieve?
@_date: 2017-10-15 12:13:16
I registered Reddit specifically to reply to your post.
First of all, I can assure that they won't credit your BCH coins.
I had a similar incident. I requested my BCH coins to be credited and their answer was the same, even after I showed them that I was in an unimaginably hard time, physically, emotionally and financially. Their correspondences to my situations will blow your mind. People will learn what kind of people are behind Kraken.
I'd like to share with you the followings:
1. BCH's protocol is compatible with BTC's. If someone is the owner of a BTC address, he is also the owner of the same address of BCH.
2. It is not only provable but also publicly verifiable that Kraken holds your BCH coins.
3. As a result, there is nothing to recover. They have your coins. It's about whether they credit your account the coins.
4. Other exchanges, such as Bitfinex, credit their customers the misplaced BCH coins.
5. Just because Kraken has a notice saying something like "Putting your coins in the wrong pocket of mine does not count." does not mean that it has a legal effect.
6. Besides not providing support for misplaced coins, Kraken's trading platform has many known technical issues, which means they run their business without providing a secure environment. They even reduce the precision of coins they receive, effectively taking away their customers' coins, which may fall into the category of theft or scam. (Disclaimer: I'm not a lawyer, but it's worth exploring.)
7. As a software developer, I can tell from Kraken's platform that many means can be taken to make sure the odds that the customers make mistakes are minimized. This is to say, it is not just your fault your coins are sent to the wrong address.
I will be suing Kraken when the time comes. It won't happen in a few months due to my complicated situations, which is inconvenient to disclose publicly at the moment. And when it happens, it will not be the BCH but the losses to be questioned. I suggest you do the same.
Beware that the naysayers answering you may be their employees. Don't let them stop you.
Feel free to PM me. We can do it better if we, as well as other victims of Kraken, are united.
Edit 1: typo.
Edit 2: added point 7.