@_author: krangksh
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:34:54
FYI an "insider" is a person with closely held access or knowledge, like someone that works in the FBI, or someone who works at an exchange or for a coin's dev team. I think the term you are looking for is "inside joke".
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:28:42
It's just ideological libertarian bullshit. Gotta give corporations the freedom to fleece you for every cent they can, because gubmint iz badd!!
Removing regulations regardless of consequence is always good if you are a hardcore libertarian ideologue, because everything in that worldview is hypothetical and immune to factual reality. I mean, if you kill net neutrality Comcast is going to use the magic of free market innovation to give you even better services for less money! They must be unshackled for freedom!!!
@_date: 2018-01-02 22:05:17
Right but price is affected by liquidity and trading volume, not just new money. When everyone in (most) of the developed world is celebrating New Year's with their family, trading volume must be down substantially. We're only looking at like a 5-10% dip over the weekend, so the fact that Chinese people don't celebrate doesn't mean that isn't an explanation.
There is a reason that putting aside announcements and runs that have huge super short term effects, prices still generally dip down in the evenings here and on weekends, it's because traders don't work 24/7 and they largely take time off at the same times. When a ton of North American and European traders are home with their families during the Christmas and New Year's weekends, it should be no surprise that that can cause a double digit price dip that disappears on the first day that regular business hours return.
@_date: 2017-12-26 06:05:19
You said no that's not how it is but you agreed with me. They both exist, and most people keep using the one they're already using, *because that one has the first mover advantage*. The second one is trying to convince everyone to switch over, the first one isn't, *because it is already the first mover that already has all the users*.
@_date: 2017-12-26 05:18:49
Exactly, BCH is fixing holes in the roof by plugging them with blocks (hueh) they pulled out of the foundation. That's exactly why people are so opposed to any block increase, they see it as shaking the culture of decentralization which may not be undoable. That's the thing about a decentralized communal concept, you can't just sit there and make strategic plans about how to temporarily change things and expect that it won't have massive repercussions that can't be controlled or undone.
Decentralization is quite cumbersome, but at a certain level, if you lose that, the whole thing is just another fiat model with a central bank. The very thing that saves BTC every time it crashes are the people who believe in a decentralized currency.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:35:50
So why isn't a solution 6 months from now sufficient? Are you trying to buy coffee with BTC in the next few months or it's worthless to you despite the massive increases in value? Increasing the block size is a Faustian bargain that undermines decentralization for what, cheaper fees for a couple months on an asset that is exploding in value unless you spend it?
There is already a version of bitcoin with bigger blocks, it's bcash. People can buy that instead if they intend to spend that asset down now or buy low cost items from the few companies that already accept cryptos, and some do just that, but bcash is nowhere near the market share of bitcoin because that's just not at the top of the list for why people want one crypto or another in the next 6 months. But I would guess that no one is buying bcash because they want to buy coffee with it in the next 6 months either, it's just an asset that they speculate will rise in value exactly like bitcoin. But when people choose which asset to park their money in right now they do it partly based on the fundamentals of each crypto, and bcash looks sketchy as fuck from that perspective based not only on serious centralization concerns but on the shitty people at the top of the pyramid (the risk of which even in the hypothetical is at the front of the mind of anyone who cares about decentralization). I don't know how anyone can look at what happened with bcash and GDAX/Coinbase yesterday and not see a highly centralized currency that looks as suspect as any traditional financial structure controlled by the ultra rich.
There are lots of reasons bitcoin is losing market share and I think transactions are a minority of it. The biggest reason is probably because you can't 100x an asset that is already worth over 10k USD and people involved at this early stage are either looking to hold for the next 3+ years or just looking to make huge profits wherever they can get them. As a person with some btc I find the fees pretty annoying, but all I want to do is move a small piece over to speculate on some alts now and then. The market cap is going up so precipitously it seems silly to me to buy anything with cryptos (unless you're a very early adopter that is already sitting on a shitload of value that's all profit), if you bought a car with btc a month ago you could have waited and bought two cars for the same amount today. We are way too early in the development of cryptos currently for anyone to be buying them because they want to use them instead of money *right now*.
Increasing the block size in bitcoin requires consensus, which can only be reached by shifting the culture among the relevant parties. Saying that you could start rolling that boulder and then "stop at any time" seems naive.
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:42:16
Because he DOES intend to try to steal the bitcoin brand, which is completely negated if the name "bcash" catches on because even if it's a decent name it cements the truth that bitcoin cash is one of many hard forks and not the "true" bitcoin which is the version which has maintained continuous majority consensus within the community. Not calling it bitcoin is an insult to him because he is a delusional narcissist that thinks it is somehow a matter of opinion whether or not the minority fork bitcoin cash is actually the real bitcoin and bitcoin is some alternate version imaginarily named "bitcoin core", because it more closely aligns with his personal interpretation of the original concept. It's a stretch that would make any professional gymnast blush but the guy is fucking pathological.
As I heard CryptoBobby say today, it's like having a son and naming him Johnny, and wanting him to love football, but then when he gets older and hates football and loves chess, you have a second son and then declare that your new son is named Johnny and your first son is now named Old Johnny. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 04:59:43
Then they still don't have a first mover advantage, the analogy would be if a minority of devs or whatever split off to make Facebook 2.0, where they automatically sign everyone with a Facebook account up for a duplicate account there. If none of your friends uninstall their Facebook apps and start using FB2 instead, who cares if your account is already set up? That's not a first mover advantage.
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:39:12
Isn't the issue with bigger blocks that the larger the blockchain gets the only people who will be able to run nodes are massive companies with huge servers that can handle the ever-increasing rate of storage capacity required, which threatens the integrity of the decentralization of the blockchain? That seems like a much larger centralization problem which fundamentally undermines the premise of BCH.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:54:09
How many of them are exchanges though?