@_author: kreamykerry
@_date: 2018-11-08 22:36:42
Dude SHA512 is uncrackable even by the NSA, what are you even talking about? It's infinitely more secure than a 12 word easily memorized non computer crackable mnemonic that can be gotten out of you by interrogation.
@_date: 2018-11-08 16:01:45
Or you know you can just encrypt them in a cipher and email them to yourself, don't even need to carry anything.
@_date: 2018-11-08 17:52:36
Right but only when you sell it, not whilst you're holding. And the UK tax authority (HMRC in this case) has to prove where and when you gained the Bitcoin and at what price to tax you accordingly. It's harder now since the "know your customer" laws were introduced by the EU, forcing everyone on sites to get verified and government ID'd by the Bitcoin traders who then report the info to their banks / HMRC, but way back before any of that who knows where you got the Bitcoin or at what price, hell you could even say you mined it yourself. I've even talked to family members who are accountants at HMRC directly myself and even they are stumped for answers, nobody really knows, it's still all a bit wild west. As long as you pay the appropriate taxes on whatever you buy with the money, such as a car / house etc, they seem relatively satisfied, as long as the bitcoin was obtained legally and not through criminal means such as drug selling / money laundering and you can prove that. The Treasury and Bank of England have even issued official advice to this end.
@_date: 2018-11-08 17:50:03
Under French law you are, but in most European countries and first world countries such as the US you don't have to, currency trades aren't taxed. It's France that's the odd one out, it even violates EU law on taxation harmony but whatever France always does what it wants to anyway.
@_date: 2018-11-08 14:45:26
Many EU countries including the UK and Germany don't even tax cryptocurrencies as all currencies are free from taxation for obvious reasons. 
It would be ridiculous to tax someone who went on holiday to LA and came back with USD then suddenly found out next year the USD had increased in comparison to their home countries currency of Euro and had to report that in tax. French tax laws are crazy, nobody pays anyway. 
It takes 10 minutes to perfectly legally register a company in another EU country on the internet, say the Netherlands, move the assets (Bitcoin in this case) into the name of the company, and sell them that way at zero % tax, all perfectly legit, legal and above board EU-approved.