@_author: krelotho
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:44:40
And that money, specifically MtGox's, a whopping 25k, is a real contribution to the bitcoin community?
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:21:20
You've nailed my point and I'm not trying to say a thing more. Thanks for taking the time to read it again and reconsider. I know I can come across as aggressive and sometimes my points are little dense.
cheers 
+1 beer 
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:25:44
Not the bug the OP is claiming - jerk.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:10:55
You know, I almost wonder if the story is true, but the fact is that he is very sick and he has lost his skill/personality and may not even be capable of discussing bitcoin. It's certainty a weird story regardless of the explanation here.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:50:56
You're just not getting it.
The pool of miners is always growing. There will *always* be someone ready to process your transaction because there will be a void to fill. If the network is 'congested' like you said, then people will just mine bigger blocks *because otherwise they are leaving money on the table*.
@_date: 2014-02-11 07:37:01
ASIC's can calculate [SHA256]( hashes. That's what make's an ASIC an ASIC. The 'application specific' part is referring to 'calculating SHA-2 hashes'.
The 'mining' power is not useful for anything else. 
[Other coins can and do use SHA256]( and its conceivable other coins or protocols could use them too, but sorry, not for things like SETI or Folding
edit: *bitcoin* asic
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:30:24
This type of activity doesn't quality for anonymity. That isn't the point of bitcoin nor does it claim to provide generation addresses any kind of anonymity. The ability to create an arbitrary number of addresses is nice and all and helps with keeping you anonymous, but this address is, *knowingly* and *publicly* making these transactions with the same address. The blockchain is public record. These types of forensics on the block chain aren't posing a risk to the address any more than usual, because they apparently have no concern with it being tainted. Anonymity is definitely possible to a degree when bitcoin is used correctly and by a person who is competent with computers. Speaking of which, it would also strike me as odd that a technologically savvy group of people capable of planning and executing a 51% attack did not spread the generations across many more addresses. 
tldr; They are accepting the risk of their activity being traced because they are *literally* broadcasting their activity to the *world* without consciously (or correctly) implementing things that would allow for their relative privacy.
tldr;tldr; User error.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:33:18
'Funding bitcoin's development' is not a real concept here. The bitcoin foundation may pay the salary of one or more developers, but bitcoin is, and always will be, a open source and therefore community dependent project.
It is disingenuous to imply that 25k - paid annually to a foundation which is only technically indirectly involved with the actual development of bitcoin, and certainly has no bylaws which designate them the only caretakers of bitcoin, nor are they would their absence or inability to act significantly hinder the development of bitcoin - is somehow a legitimate offset of the damage MtGox has apparently willfully caused to the bitcoin brand - which IS a violation of their stated message.
@_date: 2014-02-11 07:12:49
I just listened to this guy tell me I was a bad person for liking bitcoin?
There's just no sense with him - his *entire* format is creating strawmen. You can't actually have an argument with this kind of voice. You have to just ignore them and try and put it out of your mind. Spend the 100 bucks on something better than this guy.
@_date: 2014-01-22 05:15:34
The 'rate they are mined' is fixed. The network updates every 2016 blocks (= every 2 weeks or so). Further, the block reward (currently 25BTC) halves every 4 years. Both the supply and the rate at which that supply enters the market can be thought of as relatively fixed, and are not a factor in determining the value of the coins in a more mature bitcoin economy. 
see: 
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:42:30
I did reply to you and then you replied with some inane diatribe about why gold is better.  Your apparent willful ignorance as to the technological achievement that bitcoin is clear. Bitcoin is at least as big for currency as internet was for information transfer for the reasons I gave, and for the reasons listed  on that myths page.
I am convinced that bitcoin is useful as a means of payment, and will be used by at least a small and technologically competent group of people, and then will eventually become widely known and used. I'm not willing to argue with you about anything else
Edit: I also seriously encourage you to reply to this in a few months.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:37:10
Except most of the **actual** work is done by the community, whether you want to accept that are not. The salaries of those people is a benefit of a few, but the large scale reality is it is not controlled by those few people. Again, claiming this is the only way, or even a major way, that bitcoin can realize its development isn't accurate. You are making the broad statement "funds bitcoins development", which just is not true. They contribute a little.
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:45:41
Yea, uh-huh, okay. I'm going to ignore the fact that you probably have next to zero knowledge about the differences between IPv4 and IPv6, and the longstanding realizations about the imperfections of IPv4 which programmers have to date never outright blamed its creators for in any widely publicized fashion.
But I'll concede that point because I don't think you do know or care what real-world programmers need to know to be successful.  Clearly neither does Mark. If you can provide me substantive evidence that this mistake is the direct result of a "faulty protocol" (read: undocumented, undiscussed and unforeseeable) then you have a point. Unfortunately, you have no ground for your claims that the bitcoin protocol somehow is at fault for any reason, especially for your alleging that this problem is the direct responsibility of those who made something possible.
If I start making things possible, and people use those things to do things I didn't intend them to, does that make me - the "thing" maker - immediately responsible for the user's irresponsible behavior?
I don't care if there's room for improvement in the bitcoin protocol - there's improvement room in every project - the fact remains the fixing the problem **requires** the **unanimous** adoption of that change. This is a property of the protocol that is **desirable** because it prevents arbitrary and widespread unwanted changes. 
Bitcoin, by the way, was developed by an academic and is maintained in good spirit and in open and honest communication by a team who has never given any reason to doubt the integrity of the code. Every effort is made to minimized bugs, issues and problems in general. At every stage of the game the MtGox developers had the opportunity to address and fix the issue. We cannot start blaming our innovators for coming up with ideas which are widely adopted and successfully used for the issues of a few idiots. The protocol works. Deal with it.
You clearly have no experience or understanding of this space and if you did you would not be holding your position. You can continue to draw up these faulty holes in my argument, but the fact remains that MtGox is *without doubt, at fault* and the bitcoin protocol *is not*.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:06:38
It is also perfectly reasonable to express satisfaction in her discomfort, as she was unwilling to provide the same courtesy to Nakamoto. There are consequences to publishing the types of things she did. These are it.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:30:20
The ELI5 version is pretty much this, for someone unwilling to otherwise look into it further....




The slightly more technical version:






So I can't tell you what Mt.Gox's future holds, but I know Bitcoin's is bright despite all of these heartbreaks along the way. Progress takes it toll. Some people think that this mean bitcoin is dead, but they'd be wrong because Mt.Gox isn't filling a need that the market can't already fill. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:24:17
So you provided your personal information to a complete stranger online, who was, at best, a hacker who had already stolen your information? 
You should be able to post this and verify proof pretty easily, as I assume this was all PGP signed.
*edited out a pot shot, i'm a jerk*
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:39:04
That is certainly a compelling story if it is true. Can you somehow provide proof? The guy was prudent enough to sign his public message with an email, I would therefore reason your resulting correspondence would then have a signed response. Simply the signature would be proof for me to be honest.
If what you're saying is true, I have serious beliefs about the implications and my severity is a reflection of that. I am not trying to attack you, but you are making some very **very** significant claims and I am correspondingly skeptical.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:24:38
The US armed forces are charged with enforcing acceptance of USD? What role, exactly, does the presence of our military have on the "tangible value" of the dollar? Countries that have no military, but their own currency, what then?
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:11:49
I was writing C code before you were born, and managing kids like you since you got out of college. 
You're so convinced you're right that you probably have no actual numbers in front of you, do you? Can you show me an example of code that can't be optimized that is a major limit in the protocol? What's the real root cause here?
I see a whole bunch of slams and claims of knowledge in your post, but you're just some arrogant kid trying to seem smart. I know that you're full of shit because I've spent extensive time working on optimizing a 20 TH/s mining pool, and I'm very familiar with the limitations involved with mining.
And, for the record, I don't think your ability to open a socket in C in impressive. Get back to me when you've managed a $50MM data center.
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:52:39
Okay, but the order didn't happen because it couldn't happen. I know its tempting to believe that they are systematically disenfranchising their customers at this point, but its much easier to contribute the bigger problem they are suffering from to incompetence rather than malice. 
The OP's 'low' wasn't an available order. If it was, it would have been filled. He's complaining about a slight price disparity during times of high volume. Its extremely well known that this can led to these types of disparities.
Stop trying to invent boogie men. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:14:44
Do you even really understand what you're asking if you can't do it yourself?
You're trying to ask for something to be proven that isn't provable that is based on, what looks like, your guessing.
You 'assume' people are looking for it therefore it will be found? What?
@_date: 2014-02-18 05:01:43
I don't know many people cautious enough to post a cert hash just to make sure its OK. My mistake - caffeine probably doesn't do you much good.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:20:35
I'm saying that any of the buy and the sells for the price of &lt;506.23 would have been all executed within the same second or so. A seller gets his 500 matched up with an order at least 506.23 (but not you) incorrectly, but its only the *seller* that looses out. Any of the 'lows' between 500-506.23 would have all been matched up with buy orders greater than or equal to (but placed before) yours. Your place in line was always the same.
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:03:28
You've broadly and ridiculously misinterpreted nearly everything I've said. I am so pro-foundation it hurts, but you're trying to prop it up as something its not.
Also, can you stop attacking me for 10 seconds so we can actually discuss it? My opinion is only my opinion, I am not sorry if it offends you, but come on stop attacking me for being on the other side of your point.
@_date: 2014-02-13 05:49:14
Yes, but, it's also a highly sophisticated and effective attack that is succeeding in preventing some transactions from confirming. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:36:06
Yes, I clearly state that [here]( My argument, even if I may have deviated earlier, is that the OP did not get disenfranchised, not that *no one* got cheated.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:33:14
Its like you don't understand how mining works. If you have hardware you're not going to be mining slower because there are a lot of transactions. Mining pools completely eliminate the overhead of that and absorb all the risk! You have ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
People will just join a new pool that is fairer! Its easy to set one up - I could do it. That's my point. I don't give two shits if you can or if you believe my credentials. You're a raging lunatic blinded by your passion.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:46:47
It's nothing. 25k does not offset the short term effects of their reckless behavior. You're trying to prop up the fact that they donated money, but you're ignoring the fact that **they hurt the bitcoin brand for way more than 25k**.
@_date: 2014-04-01 03:26:21
Miners are participating in running the networking which is them making a statement about their faith in bitcoin, and by mining they are helping keeping it running and secure. The biggest miners of bitcoins will never have any real interest in "selling" their bitcoins - they'll trade them for goods and services *because that's what currency is*.
Bitcoin is a store of money. Pretend for a minute that you viewed bitcoin like your savings account. Your *real* savings account is probably denominated in USD. You may not realize this, but this means that the value of your savings account, in say, Euros, fluctuates along with the dollars exchange rate. But, lets assume you live in the United States, so this doesn't really affect you. However, lets says that for *whatever* reason, you believe that the dollar is going to fail at some point in the future (or at least that the Euro will be stronger/more useful/more widely accepted), what do you do?
This is how I feel about bitcoin. I understand and get that fiat is more useful to me *today*. I also totally understand that entire percentages of our population is dedicated to propagating the use of fiat. But I also have no faith in that system. 
Miners are making a good faith effort to power a network that doesn't fit with the existing structure. The reward is in itself - much in the same way that banks are to to the current paradigm. Banks are only needed because of the limitations of fiat, miners are needed because of the limitations of bitcoin (IE, consensus replaces central authority). 
Also, the reality remains that transaction fees likely will serve as a reasonable incentive to keep bitcoin going long enough. The algorithm is always self correcting - it doesn't care if people loose interest. If too many people stop caring, then the operation of the network was doomed anyway. If enough people think bitcoin is worth operating (which the required amount of people is vanishing small compared to the world's population) then it will continue operating. And that kind of guarantee is exactly why is sustainable. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:52:45
+1 coffee verify
(customer note: dessert-like)
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:27:50
I agree with misesjones comments here. All of these problems *have to exist* when something is new. You cannot claim that we are looking at a fair representation of the real uses of bitcoin right now in the real world, because its changing all of the time.
Seriously, how are things supposed to develop if no one is innovating? Do we get to just throw our hands in the air and resist change at every step simply because its going to necessitate growing pains?  No; new stuff is **hard**. People need to learn. The OP's post can be answered by fixing one thing: consumer ignorance.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:49:46


It seems obvious you have no idea what you're talking about, why don't you go back to playing with your data center and mining pool?
Haha, you're just making me laugh now.
Please reread the conversation because you're just grasping at straws now. Good day.
















In short, you're wrong about everything. You have no standing, no grounds and no proof. You have a really strong opinion, which, factually, is wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-09 17:08:58
This argument is growing old and tired.
Bottom line is companies have not had enough time to create product or service offerings based on Bitcoin.
The Bitcoin block chain is already implemented very well. It works. The protocol works, people participate in in]t, everyone is treated fairly, all of the rules are followed with 100% accuracy and it is powered by the single largest computing project on earth.
The software that interacts with the blockchain is young and immature - and most certainly not 'primetime'. But this is a brand new technology, one that is innovative but it requires further innovation to be successful in the mainstream. However Bitcoin itself is already doing everything its pretty much ever going to do. There is going to be no magic update that changes bit coin as we know it. More to the point, the existing population is generally against major changes. The immense computational power behind the network ensures all of this to be true for the near future, as consensus is required to fork the chain. It is technologically unfeasible to change with any amount of motivation.
Now, to my main point, which is, again, companies haven't made even a small fraction of the product and service offerings that you will see pertaining to bitcoin. You cannot claim that an emerging technology will never succeed because of its lack of adoption - *that's what emerging means*. Stop trying to fight the fact that the bitcoin blockchain does exactly what it says on the sticker, not much more and not much less. The way *people* understand and interact with bitcoin is your limiting factor, and you would be naive to think that companies will not see the money making opportunities that will be had by creating easy to use and useful services that leverage bitcoin or bitcoin like technologies.
Again, stop trying to complain that the new technology is new. Its new. We get it.
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:12:25
Are you trying to claim that someone who is programming software to work with currency is immune from doing research on the protocols and technologies he's developing, as long as those pitfalls in question are esoteric or difficult to spot? Isn't that the reason to *try harder*?
As a senior level programmer I would be horrified to discover one of my direct reports was writing code to deal with money and he added a bug to it allowing people to steal from us, but claimed no fault because 'it wasn't obvious'. You treat money programs with the utmost care. You don't write code that you just *hope* works.
This is big boy stuff. Either you don't understand the protocol and you get burnt, or you do understand it and you prevent problems proactively.
Your argument is pro-laziness. I don't care how 'hard' it is to find. ITS MONEY.
@_date: 2014-02-13 07:13:17
You cannot possibly argue, in any reality, that bitcoin is going to fail because of arbitrage related issues.  Nor will anyone ever discuss the major arbitrage market absence that befell bitcoin which was an *obvious* indicator of it its untimely but certain death'
Has this guy even glanced at any of the market caps? "real money"? How much more does it need to be before its billions and then, at that point, its a large established currency. 
His argument, boiled down is;
"This market is doomed to failure because there is this relationship that exists in certain highly mature markets (major forex's) that doesn't exist in this brand new one (Bitcoin exchanges)"
I don't understand how progress is ever supposed to happen with that kind if thinking, either. The relationship doesn't exist now so... it never will? 
These people are so certain that these types of analyses are accurate, but they are all premeditated on assumptions that are just patently false of bitcoin. The issue he thinks he's found is really a symptom of an aging and failing financial system that is impeding the progress of technologies like bitcoin.
This guy is just absolutely offbase. His analysis is puddle deep and represents a both thorough and unsettling ignorance about the subject.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:14:25
So lots of people had buys at or near 506.23 and OP never got filled because people ahead of him got filled first.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:27:05
Alright, yeah I think I generally agree with you. 
Thanks for the input. Good points.
@_date: 2014-03-13 19:32:29
Bitcoin-qt Source:


The default behavior is to treat old coins as preferential. The logical is that "old" coins haven't been used in a long time and are allowed a cheap or free (if they're old enough) transaction once. After they do this they have to pay a fee on each subsequent transaction using those coins because now they're "new". This allows people to enjoy the benefits of bitcoin at a metered rate, as in, they can't abuse those free transactions because eventually they run out of "old" coins which are a limited resource.
source: 
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:49:43
I have had the opportunity to work with groups similar in function to the bitcoin foundation, and I hate to break it to you, but it is a fact of the real world that you need slimy, politician types if you are to function in today's world. You would be very remiss to not try and fit, at least somewhat, into the ecosystem if you're trying to introduce a paradigm shift. You can't change people's mind by only employing individuals which are liberal-die hards which seem to fit the foundation mold, who would do it even more harm than good in the end. People who think bigger picture and maybe in a way that seems antithetical to the efforts of the foundation actually keep it stronger, not weaker. You're better to have a little internal discomfort to tease out the problems in your plans, rather than it be purely based on reaction on decisions you've already made. It really does work out.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:59:33
Luckily, you're just wrong.
Current bottlenecks
Today the Bitcoin network is restricted to a sustained rate of 7 tps by some artificial limits. These were put in place to stop people from ballooning the size of the block chain before the network and community was ready for it. Once those limits are lifted, the maximum transaction rate will go up significantly.
@_date: 2014-03-10 07:08:22
Miners follow this set of rules: (sort of eli5ish)
1. Miners run a program that performs a lot of intensive math, which is a SHA-256 hash. You need a fast video card or special hardware to do this efficiently.
2. This hash is a ticket redeemable for a lottery-type reward
3. If they get a ticket, they are allowed to submit a 'block', composed of transactions the miner has become aware of since the last block
4. Miners agree to verify that everyone participating is following the rules. This includes making sure transactions are fair, and that other blocks are correct in very long "chains" (see next)
5. Miners agree to keep a single chain of blocks. Each block includes the 'ticket' number of the last block. If two blocks occupy the same 'space' in line then a race is started until the one is eventually choosen. 
6. Miners agree that the longest chain is only reliable if you use a 200 block buffer, just in case races take too long.
7. Finally, anyone who submitted a 'ticket' will get a reward in BTC.
In practice number six can be reduced to 6, but technically the protocol requires 200.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:22:43
There are always no-fee transactions in queue. The case being that they found the block right after it doesnt matter. I cannot find many examples of bitcoin having miner-reward-only blocks these past few months.
This particular case is in fact discus fish ignoring those transactions either way - it was a high-volume time.
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:40:59
I think we fundamentally disagree and I do not think we can engage in a productive conversation because I am not able to understand your point in a way I can reply to. Further, I am very well educated on the subject and I consume a wide variety of media pertaining to Bitcoin, including conflicting view points. I am *one of those* bitcoin cheerleaders. I listen to other cheerleaders as well because I agree with them. I don't see what's wrong with that, and you are just being hyperbolic with the phrase "adopting it for no reason". You mean "for reasons I don't agree with".
I cannot convince you that bitcoin "has value" with some witty remarks. I just know that there is a wealth of literature which supports the following:
1. Bitcoin is sound from a cryptography point of view
2. **Someone** seems to believe bitcoin has value.
The 'value' you are looking for is well described in that page, and I believe in the integrity of the points made on it, and I stand by it. I cannot and will not provide anything further to you. You are asking for there to be these huge and indeterminable criteria to be met that cannot be met, and, more to the point, *aren't ones we have with our existing currencies*. I would be more willing to engage in the discussion if you can ask some other question than "what is bitcoin's value" (which is your running thought in all of your replies) - because that conversation devolves into some meta-physical bullshit about what is and isn't value and we'll get no where with that. If you could actually give me an argument against something more tangible than "what is value", I'll engage... but you otherwise are stuck on something that I will never change your mind on. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:32:26
Exactly, and thanks; and its worth pointing out that everyone else who suffered from this issue in the past also had a limit order for less than a few percent difference from the supposed low (surprise surprise). 
It, again, seems to chalk up to incompetence on MTGOX's part and not malice. As you have accurately pointed out they should have adjusted the price to be at least the highest buy (which would have been more than your 506.23, or exactly 506.23 and from a trader who placed it before you) but as it seems to affect a very small number of trades and that they have bigger things on their mind currently, I doubt it will be fixed anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:21:00
It seems so on the surface, but I promise you that it is much harder to gain traction when the perception is that everyone in your foundation is unequipped for the realities of politics. You have to blend in at least a little before you try to change things.
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:12:17
Its just literally not worth the effort with this level of player. This guy makes a career spouting things that are borderline dangerous and he's not worth anyone's time.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:06:27
This is the same as the requirement to report taxes on online purchases to the IRS. Do you feel the same way about that? How many of your online purchases have you voluntarily paid taxes on, as required by law? Pretty unlikely, I bet.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:37:11
BUT EVERYONE WILL HAVE TO DO IT
@_date: 2014-02-23 03:01:43
The market cap is still not high. 0.0001 times 100 is only .01 (and its comparably less than that). I don't see how comparing two low numbers is relevant to his underlying point that its not a significant amount of the global currency market. Which, if you're going to use *any* fiat representation of the market cap, I would presume you would have to be forced to consider that.
Also, fiat adoption aside, do you really think the user count of traders is high right now compared to a future possible amount? Considering the straight up lack of knowledge of bitcoin, I highly doubt that the markets are behaving in a way that they will when they mature, and bitcoin markets most certainty are not, in any sense that I can imagine, mature.
More simply put; why are markets volatile at all? Markets fluctuate for a wide variety of reasons, but specifically you can blame doubt for much of the swings. Blue-chip stocks perform well - low doubt - low volatility. Bitcoin is *full* of doubt, which *says nothing about bitcoin itself, only the perception*. Will the public perception of bitcoin today be the same in a year? Five years?
That's absurd. You either suspect bitcoin will fail (and go short), or you suspect bitcoin will succeed (and go long) and you place a bet (place a position) one way or the other. People will eventually place more on one side of the other *when the level of doubt changes*. 
Uh, but bottom line:
You would **expect** volatile markets when everything about its future is uncertain... wouldn't you?
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:26:11


I'm tired of talking about this point. The developers are increasing the soft limit in every version and constantly are prepared for the scaling of the network. Why are they going to just drop the ball and stop everyone from being fair by being super arbitrary and not keep up with the trends? The hardware and software *will* catch up and they *will* adapt.


Your sample size of "one" is noted and ignored. 52 GB is not a lot, neither is 2 TB. The ability to do simple verification and the fact that full nodes can easily afford the space and network time *without* being a giant company means this is just isn't an issue.


Magic, no. But people are persistent. We use something and then we try and fix it the best we can even when we don't think we can do it in the first place.


If the current state of the blockchain is like you keep trying to claim it will become, "clogged" and "only high fees getting through" then it would naturally be profitable for *someone* to scoop up the 'waiting' transactions. Eventually *someone* will do it as soon as its possible because if they don't, someone else might. You keep trying to say it can be centralized but it can't, because that requires effectively 100% of people being greedy or acting in the way you keep claiming they will... but the system just doesn't encourage it. It is always more profitable to be **useful** as a miner for at least *some* audience - but I agree not all. But you don't need all. You only need a small group of miners doing this, and its *not* hard to contribute to it.
@_date: 2014-02-23 18:52:00
Right, but when you're trying to stir up ignorant FUD you ignore things like facts and spout opportunistic hyperbolic statements trying to slander bitcoin because you don't like it for some reason.
Trolls will be trolls.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:22:27
You're saying YOU, as in individual would be unable to run a full node. So what? Only mining pools need to... they can and will afford it.
Its like you don't understand how mining works. If you have hardware you're not going to be mining slower because there are a lot of transactions. Mining pools completely eliminate the overhead of that.
@_date: 2014-03-14 14:29:15
Bitcoin Days Destroyed ends up being the relevant metric because the 'free' logic right now is hard coded logic in bitcoin-qt that no one particularly has to follow. In the end, it will most likely be that all transactions will have to pay some type of fee that is based on a dynamic system that adjusted based on network volume. This type of system wouldn't use that particular priority logic, necessarily. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:03:53
No, you only get your order filled if there's volume to support it.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:33:07
Headline as I read it:
Nothing's changed as there's no proof.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:22:57
And your effort to slander me does what aside from show that you're not even interesting in arguing, but attacking me.
You're a pathetic excuse for a person if you're spending so much effort 'destroying' me.
@_date: 2014-03-14 14:21:18
I suppose this is technically true, but I do not believe there is a real-world net gain by "moving" coins from old blocks to new blocks. That is to say, I do not believe the actual disk traversal for balance look ups changes that much when you spend old coins, and if there is, I don't think you are ever going to be able to effectively move all the unspent outputs from old blocks into new blocks. You're always going to have dead coins in old blocks that still need to be accessible. There's nothing you can really do with it.
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:46:26
You're cute, but still wrong.








You can if you're the bitcoin developers. Why on earth do you think the big pools could get away with forcing a hard fork AGAINST the communities wishes? If the block limit is to increase, it will happen because it will be the *fair* thing to do. 90% of nodes are just going to ignore the fact that they can make more money...?








Yes, and I've *definitely* noticed how much more *expensive* SSDs are becoming....








Bitcoin isn't designed that way. You have to pay a fee that is fair. There is a formula for this. Free ones don't count into my thinking, only 'fairly priced' fees.
edit: On reflection, its super obvious to me that you can't possibly know much about the backend of bitcoin because this would have been obvious to you.... The risk of no fee is no confirmations. That's super basic.










You just don't know what the real world problems are. Your points aren't really worth engaging because they're not based in reality. I've managed a $50MM data center, complete with concerns about network congestion, speed bottlenecks, security, storage etc etc. I also have managed a significantly sized mining pool. Your reference point of 'your computer' and 'I read some stuff about bitcoin' just isn't good enough here. Sorry.
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:36:20
The OP alleges to have had an order unfilled. This is incorrect. MTGOX submitted an order to be filled for less than it should have, but this doesnt somehow magically mean the price was actually there. There was as few as a single trade that low - it was a fluke and was not the real price at the time. If it actually got that low the OP would have been fine. Either way, the OP had basically nothing happen to him except that he noticed that someone else got stiffed.
edit: btw this is the answer the OP accepts...
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:16:59
The ELI5 version is pretty much this, for someone unwilling to otherwise look into it further....




The slightly more technical version:






Right so, to add to my cut and paste to answer your last question; The block that includes the transaction can become orphaned, which is something that happens every so often because two people found a block at basically the same time and the rest of the network hasn't picked a side yet. This is called a 'fork'.
This could change which transaction (the fake one or the real one) ends up being accepted as true. Only one can make it in the end.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:59:20
Okay, but I've reread my comments and I'm painfully clear that your original submission is just an inaccurate picture of the reality.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:19:10


You have this entire thing so backwards it hurts.
You will simply switch to a mining pool *which very well might be MY 50MM data center* instead of running yourself. Mining pools are verifiably fair and there will certainly be AT LEAST one pool acting in the interest of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:09:08
I think you have a very poor understanding of how new bitcoin is. If you genuinely believe that most people using bitcoin **actually** know how to use it, then you are horribly mistaken. 
Most existing users - ignoring bitcoin - have bad habits when it comes to computers. Are you really trying to claim that the extremely limited, and very very new bitcoin service offerings are as mature as possible? Do you really believe that every existing service is as good as it is going to get? 
Again, how can any progress ever happen if we barely let it happen, and then complain that it suffers from immaturity.
That's completely circular thinking.
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:53:16
You are attacking me but only providing ammo for my points:
The internet is a great example; new paradigm in a space (instead of information transfer, we're talking money transfer)


It can function as a store of value **at greater precision and transparency than every existing other method**


a sort of **immutable (read: cannot be altered in any way by any government or rouge party; it's not perfect but you can't break the security)** commoditized currency


but we **dont** have better options for that which are actually useful to people


those goods have actual use and will be in demand regardless of its use as a store of value **which is a huge distraction to monetary policy because it ignores the practical matter of value transfer when problems (like moving gold around) arise**




If everyone hoards, why are they hoarding? Do they hoard... forever? Why do they want it if they are never going to leverage it...




The point is you don't understand bitcoin, and most people don't The more you learn the more you will realize bitcoin is not what you are claiming.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:27:58
And we, based on the news, have caught a cookie thief.
@_date: 2014-02-16 00:23:23
5 seconds is sort of a unique take on it. I hadn't considered it before. I'll try.
'Bitcoin is built on consensus. It's secure because only obeying the rules lets others believe your claims'
'Bitcoin mining is a process where people verify other peoples claims'
'Bitcoin miners are allowed to "notarize" other's claims if they find a special kind of hash'
'Bitcoin is de-facto secure and trust worthy as long as at least 51% of miners are honest with claim verifications'
'Bitcoin requires every operation happen fairly and in order. All past claims are reverified by every miner each block.'
'Bitcoin's safe operation cannot be impeded by any party without 51% control of the bitcoin mining network'
'Bitcoin transactions are secure in the same way that your bit torrents will never be the wrong movie. They both rely on P2P hashing techniques which are mathematically impossible to beat.'
'"Finding a block" means a miner created a hash difficult enough to have his claims accepted' 
'Block difficulty can be thought of as a way of limiting the supply of bit coins to its predetermined amount'
'The new supply of bitcoins does not change measurably over three months, except for when the block rewards halve'
'Bitcoin addresses are destinations for payments'
'Bitcoin is *sender initiated*. Every transaction requires the explicit permission of the sender.'
'You have the right to spend bitcoins at a certain address if you have it's *private key*'
'Bitcoin transactions require the sender to explicitly state, through use of their private key, an amount and one or more target addresses'
'Bitcoins transactions from an address which do not spend all of its balance must be sent back to the original address explicitly. This is called 'change''
'Bitcoin transactions may include, but is not required to, a fee to be paid to the miner of the block including it as incentive to be verified'
'Bitcoins which do not pay transaction fees may take longer to confirm'
'Confirmation is the process through which transactions are verified. This is measured by blocks found since the transaction was included' 
'If a site requires three confirmations, then they require three bitcoin blocks to be found since the block containing your transaction.'
'It is unsafe to trust transactions of less than 200 confirmations, but after 6 you are 99.9% to know that the transaction will complete'
'If you're transaction has less than 6 confirmations it is possible for it to never complete'
'The bitcoin protocol operates at 100% transparency and trusts no one party. Services have to act responsible for their own security for bitcoin to work for them'
'Bitcoin is a protocol that cannot change as so it disenfranchises any one party'
'Bitcoin is reliant on proper technique to use. No widely adopted, consistent practice exists yet, causing issues'
'Bitcoin is only as much at fault as BitTorrent is for giving you a virus. Proper procedure is key'
Most of these are probably longer than 5 seconds for the average person to speak out, but I wrote them in the spirit of short bursts of information designed to inform the reader of the higher level idea, which is that the blockchain works because *lots* of people say so. 
Changing the strategy requires changes a huge number of people's minds. You commit to the scheme by adopting it because the only way to play and be believed is fairly. That's leaps and bounds more desirable that relying on shady banks and payment processes to do it for you. We're so used to people having control of our money that it's just alien to a person to think that they could manage it.
 
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:50:48
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:33:25
This strikes me as a likely candidate for what happened. The automatic part of their wallet is probably broken/lost, but they probably had generated some of the cold wallet keys a very long time ago on servers or places that Mark was ultimately able to find. They used the old keys, because why not (in Mark's mind), for the automated system that  they never tested properly, but by luck, this particular wallet never was moved into one of the newer system's keys that they have lost.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:29:02
I'm happy to rephrase your comment for you, because not only is it wrong, but inflammatory: 


@_date: 2014-02-23 19:52:55
You're absolutely right. I'm sure your original point I completely misunderstood. I've brought up points that you don't like therefore I'm wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:26:10
Yea, see, it doesn't quite work like that. 
The protocol is published, public, well known, well described, and subject to the user's ability to use it correctly. I don't see people blaming the makers of TCP when networks fail due to misinterpretations of transit standards. Nor do people blame Bram Cohen for creating a "bad protocol" when bittorrent downloads a virus to your machine. You still have to use it right.
The bottom line is that the protocol is not subject to the type of scrutiny you're trying to put onto it because *the protocol doesn't change because one users says so*. You learn from your mistake and adapt to the reality.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:23:38
I fail to see how your one specific point overrides the undeniable reality that most new innovations involve learning curves for both businesses and consumers.
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:48:18
You're missing the part where *the order wasn't filled*.
@_date: 2014-02-11 07:51:18
In fact this is encouraged in the normal operation of Bitcoin. You can use something called 'merged mining' to use the security of bit coin to back other types of protocols. 
But other than that...
The trouble is not many types of problems that are solved best by a public cloud method. Bitcoin is great because decentralized, public, but relatively anonymous money is desirable. I cannot come up with many other examples of problems that need those traits.
One is downloads, but someone already beat us to the punch years ago - its basically what bit torrent is and it does what it does just fine and will probably fill the void for the conceivable future. 
The other, more relevant example is DNS. You can look up Namecoins and (.bit) address to find out more about that. But this is probably the closest thing to your line of thinking. 
So, basically, you're left basically having to come up with a problem that you can solve by public cloud consensus (which is basically what requiring difficult SHA256 hashes would be)
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:32:19
I didn't say you said that- I said it.
And your one case, NFC, is an odd one at best. 
Keeping it simple; bitcoin is so new, and so different, that if you try to compare it one to one to other technologies you simply won't have a good comparison.
Bitcoin is, when used correctly, capable of over coming every single obstacle claimed in the OP's post once a certain percent of the business and consumer world become more familiar with bitcoin. It's that simple.
More to the point, you are simply uneducated about a view that it does hold value. Those people who believe it does work are far more important than the naysayers. It doesn't require massive and ubiquitous adoption to be successful. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:33:08
I'm at a complete loss here. Surely including even a few no fee transactions would be seen as acceptable. Is the computational time they're saving by not including even 42kb (their typical size) worth of free transactions actually worth it?
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:02:02
Okay. And you think you were the *only person* to have an order in?
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:11:34


You are just absolutely relentless.
I am a programmer, so keep that in mind while reading this;
Bitcoin is a protocol based on a cryptographic idea that allows me to send you money once, but not then send that same money to someone else. It's a concept that before bitcoin was not ever put into use, but is crucial to believing that bitcoin is fair because a key attribute of a mode of transfer is the inability to spend funds twice.
While I am at it, I'll go ahead and define what I think a desirable currency is; it has the following properties:
1. Divisibility (fungible, the ability to subdivide it into smaller units)
2. Expediently transferable (transfer of ownership quickly)
3. Verifiable with zero-trust (IE, belief that at least 49% are potential attackers)
You keep trying to say that bitcoin isn't better than existing options. That assertion is wrong.
1. Gold is heavy, and is physically difficult to move. It is impractical for individuals to store and divide their own gold if you want to use it as a widely accepted method of payment for the internet.
2. Fiat currency requires banks to send money. It is a matter of opinion whether or not that this is desirable. I do not believe it is. I believe individuals should have the option of controlling their own currency without having to loan it to a bank.
3. You can't program fiat currency to do things without requiring the trust of a payment processor (100% secure and and verifiable contracts for the release of funds can be written with bitcoin at the protocol level (no third-party addons)- most people don't know this including many bitcoin service offerers)
That last point should really wake you up. 
Let me put it this way; you're trying to tell me blockbuster is better than netflix because you get to keep all the DVDs there when you're not using them, so they can make money using it, and you have to go through the hassle of picking it up every time you want to use it. Instead of, you know, just streaming it. Its the same thing. 
I *get* that you like money and that its the old way of doing things. Bitcoin does *require a completely different way of thinking about it. The infrastructure it will require hasn't been created yet because people don't know about it*. This is why I originally called this whole thing circular thinking. Your claims that **do** have immediate truth are provably not going to be be true forever.
Or think of it this way; just because people didn't adopt streaming videos quickly (the internet was too slow at first, 56k etc) doesn't mean the internet was never going to be a huge place to stream videos, but years ago you had people saying that cable would rule forever.... You're looking at something that is so new and so high-level right now that its not clear what it will look like in 2, never mind 5 years. That's fine - that is part of every new protocol. It usually takes a great deal of time before it mature in a way that the public can consume or trust. Bittorrent is another great example. Its a simple protocol that certainly had issues at its launch, but its revolutionized the way we thought about transferring files to one another. Even though we're downloading from strangers we still trust it because we know how to protect our selves (more or less) from viruses when we use it. Do users still make mistakes? Yes. Is it perfect? No. Do people exclusively still use old style BBS boards and 2800 baud modems to download their files? No. They use bittorrent because its good. Note people DONT say that bittorrent is therefore fundamentally flawed as a protocol etc etc etc.
You strike me as a very impassioned person, but your passion is clouding your ability to think differently than what you already believe. I think you are very convinced there is a group of people who blindly believe in bitcoin for some religious-type reason. That's not true. I believe in bitcoin because I am a programmer, business owner, and otherwise smart person who has spent time seeing what bitcoin can empower me to do and I think that those things are useful to customers. Many others who believe in bitcoin are fair higher status than me - leaders of industry, highly educated people, and so forth. 
Some (many?) of the legitimate augments  you have come from those who are invested in the existing infrastructure. Would you be trusting blockbuster to forecast the future of bit torrents success? Or the MPAA? Things that change the paradigm this much steps all over the existing structure. Of course it looks bad. So does BitTorrent. Hell, detractors claim the only uses of BitTorrent or bitcoin are for criminals, and for much of the same reasons. Banks are threatened by the existence of bitcoin. 
Even you seem to concede that bitcoin at least does what it says on the sticker. Even if bitcoin only does just as much as regular currency, minus the governmental dependencies, then the entire argument turns into "are governments entitled to be the only deciding factors as to what currency method its citizens use?". 
You can make all sorts of claims about economic this and that, but at the end of the day the sustainability of bitcoin simply is not going to be up to the bankers, the economists, governments or other private parties. People can and will decide to use it and it will circumvent the system. There will be no stopping it. 
There will be no bitcoin crisis, ever, where the ability to continued operations are hindered, and so the rest comes down to the beliefs that there will be economic issues like hoarding or volatility.
Again... Do they hoard... Forever? What's the end game?
Businesses which deal in multiple currencies *already* deal with at least as much volatility we are with bitcoin; for example if you do business in Africa you may have a large amount of cash on hand at a store in a currency that just plummeted, causing an effective loss. Businesses know there's risk but they can manage it with financial products (hedges). 
All of the standard arguments fall apart quickly. Bitcoin is moving forward whether or not you think I am an idiot for believing so.
@_date: 2014-02-13 02:59:24
In addition, I feel compelled to point out that small to major trans-national companies already hedge currencies against each other as a normal part of their business. They don't want their business affected too much if one they have a large amount of cash being held in a certain currency. 
For example, you wouldn't want to have your business lose money just because the value of the euro has dropped and you happened to have lots more euro than dollars on hand, when you're based in the United States and you think in terms of dollars.
Adding bitcoin to the mix isn't like it would be inventing some new business practice - this is something already well established. People are portraying bitcoin as volatile, but in reality businesses are either already managing or capable of managing that kind of risk.
edit: Also, ask yourself this, is your average CPA too stupid to understand bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:50:10
"It's not completely fair to say that they don't fund Bitcoin development."
They do no such thing. They make a zero contribution and they have done nothing but hurt bitcoin with their immediate behavior. Your claim that they help is wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:40:46
Okay, but the *broad scale reality of bitcoin's fruition* is not reliant on the foundation.
edit: and the ad-hominem attack doesn't work because I'm pro-foundation 
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:53:26
The ELI5 version is pretty much this, for someone unwilling to otherwise look into it further....




The slightly more technical version:






So I can't tell you what Mt.Gox's future holds, but I know Bitcoin's is bright despite all of these heartbreaks along the way. Progress takes it toll. Some people think that this mean bitcoin is dead, but they'd be wrong because Mt.Gox isn't filling a need that the market can't already fill. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 02:44:58
See, the thing is that BFL is implying, by offering the product at all, that you will receive what effectively amounts to dividends on your invested money through running a product you receive. The entire pretense to buying it is that you will receive it in the timeframe they've stated because if you receive it in a timely manner then it will have been profitable.
The trouble comes in when BFL, allegedly, is committing fraud by misleading customers about the opportunity they are investing in. If BFL knowingly or willfully led customers into believing they would be making money, but instead they intentionally retain the equipment and 'burn it in' for months ahead of sending it to you - all the while BFL will have recieved *exponentially* more from their period of use than the customer will get because the difficulty increases very sharply lately.
Can you begin to imagine why it seems, at best, disingenuous of BFL from the customers' point of view who spent tens of thousands **expecting millions** in returns - that now BFL has because they kept the equipment?
And further, the people who invested, but received their product late and had paid in bitcoin *could never have possibly made their money back, just as a matter of math*. That means they, at best, 'accidentally' ended up the financial winners in this situation. I understand that they are in business to make money, but there are limits to the the types of claims you can make to customers about the product you are selling.
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:55:53
A coffee for your prudence.
+1 coffee verify
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:41:12
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:50:33
You're trying to discredit me. And you're doing so by constantly mincing my words. 
slander (slnd)
1. (Law) law
a. **defamation** in some transient form, as by spoken words, gestures, etc
b. a slanderous statement, etc
2. any false or **defamatory** words spoken about a person; calumny
You're just sad. You're also ignoring the fact where you BOTH attacked me viciously in your posts FIRST. I only DISAGREED with either of you, provided explanation, and stated my opinion that I did not think it was true. You both are attacking me PERSONALLY in your posts, which is uncalled for.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:16:00
See, the beauty of reddit is I know your original post is downvoted. Makes you think huh?
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:54:08
Please read the myths page I linked as your description of that situation is simply wrong. Sorry.
Edit: If you don't believe the things written there, that's fine, but you are claiming things that I fundamentally don't agree with. I cannot change your mind if your belief that it is doomed, but you cannot claim that **everyone** will. My beliefs do not require that most people even understand, let alone embrace, bitcoin for a while. It will change in time.
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:25:10
Bitcoin is antithetical to the concept of modern banking. They can and will form legal opinions which will lead to behavior which may or may not be constitutional or moral, but are probably legal in the sense that you signed a contract allowing them to restrict your account for any reason, and, unfortunately, would be held up by most conservative courts (IE, for a lib bitcoin-er, all of them)
The bottom line is that you may have a case on the basis of systematic and discriminatory practices against users/purchases/speculators/whatever of bitcoin. That's going to be tough to prove is happening in a market that I don't believe any court's legal opinions have actually been established.
The answer is that literally no one knows if you would be successful because there is literally no precedent or indication that its anything other than what you've agreed the bank can do.
Welcome to the realities of not being able to control your own money.
I mean really, you want a reason to use bitcoin? This is it. I pose two questions:
1. Will people be able to affect change on a wide scale that shapes up the existing economic situation  through law (acts of congress) and prevents banks from doing things like this
2. Will people be able to affect change on a wide scale by literally cutting off the lifeblood of those who are widely unpopular (read: every bank and corporate lobby) by doing something as simple as switching their trust from fiat to something like bitcoin
Which is going to happen?
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:32:14
Okay.... 
A trade is allowed at &lt;market, is fulfilled by someone with a buy order more than the actual amount. No one looses out except the seller who gets stiffed on the price (because its a market order)
MTGOX does this and its clearly identified in that thread. Subsecond trading plus MTGOX meant some orders happened out of order, but I doubt immensely that would mean OP would have bought any significant amount (IE, none) during that short of a dip. Hell, looking at the charts it doesnt surpise me there just wasnt volume to support the OP's order. Somebody just got stiffed because a market sell got matched up instantly below fair asking price.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:14:57
Okay. So you're putting forward basically that they are gaining a measurable benefit by taking a transaction-fee-only policy?
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:21:51
Okay, you can keep arguing with me, but its clearly just a quirk of their system that's tied to high volume. I highly doubt you really lost any real money here. A trade is allowed at &lt;market, is fulfilled by someone with a buy order more than the actual amount. No one looses out except the seller who gets stiffed on the price (because its a market order)
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:23:59
I'm pretty sure the argument is that because there are less bytes to perform the SHA hashing on that it means they therefore spend  less computational effort finding the blocks.
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:33:43
Read: anonymity + no context + no auditory or physical cues = internet rage
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:07:17
...And? What prevents this from happening, exactly? There were simply orders ahead of him
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:06:29
I strongly encourage everyone to read our exchange and decide for yourself.
+0.001 BTC
@_date: 2014-02-24 14:27:41
While I appreciate your confirmation that these things were at least said, its not much more than that. In fact, this seems consistent with stalling. 
I feel more concerned by these rouge IRC comments about their supposed coin safety than I'm comforted.
ed. 
And on further reflection, I doubt that any company in serious or actual trouble would be able, capable, or willing to tell a support employee anything. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 07:23:31
Have you watched his videos? I find it exhausting just to listen to him. This guy has a deep seated passion about his position that I just don't have. It's the kind of passion that isn't willing to be reasonable, like a religious passion. This guy just *really* believes what he believes. Even if you could get a word in, I just don't see any thing productive coming out of it.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:07:09
You literally are mincing my words RIGHT THERE.
@_date: 2014-04-09 03:01:29
Bitcoin isn't designed in a way to let an individual just give himself priority in the way you are saying. The best way to get a transaction confirmed quickly is to pay a fair fee. There is nothing else that is feasible for a single individual to do. 
The way transactions are confirmed are by being included in blocks - mining. Mining a block requires a huge amount of computational power right now, far too much to allow individuals to start determining preferred addresses. To do this, you would need to acquire a few million dollars worth of equipment and a building specially designed to put it in. In that case, you could decide to mine blocks that were *only* yours, and effectively slow down the network. But if you did this, you would miss out on other transaction's fees. And so instead of that, you just run a regular node instead of trying to hurt the network by prioritizing your own stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:46:17
If you think block prorogation is an insurmountable problem, then you just don't understand networking.
There is no way there will not be enough leaps in a) hardware, b) software, c) adoption, d) cryptography that will not allow the network to expediently process transactions. All current trends in those fields will necessarily support the network. 
You think bitcoin block propagation is where human ingenuity will fail, when we couldn't even imagine what bitcoin was 10 years ago? You sound like the naysayers of the internet. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 14:12:42
Thanks; but considering I was able to reach a kind a amiable conclusion to this argument with that guy, I don't think your comment is remotely called for.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:02:32
Okay, I'm no longer going to reply to you because you're not worth my time. Please become better educated about the issues we've discussed before taking such strong positions. You're doing nothing but mincing my words and trying to further some concept which is based in your delusional mind, not in reality. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:47:02
And I don't understand why they apparently agreed on one wording and then switched.
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:50:36
I *guess* you can look at it that way. What actually happened in practice is that like a **single** fellow got a bad sell and it made the 'last low' price look lower than it really was, which made the OP think he had a missed order where the truth is MtGox fired off one or two bad trades which were filled - correctly in terms of order - ahead of him by buyers entitled to it. I don't think anyone was ever 'skipped' quite in the way you are alleging. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:24:41
And so the joke is less relevant to Reddit's significant American audience... how?
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:54:52
I get that you really, *really* believe what you're saying, but you do not know what you are talking about.


Conjecture, at best. Proof? Evidence beyond your belief that its true?


What? You don't have to believe it, *but its true*, **there will be a hard fork in the future where that limit is removed, the developers have confirmed it, period.**


This statement is just wrong. 52GB a year with disk space becoming exponentially cheaper each year? Internet average speed becoming closer to all fiber? You think think the block size won't be able to increase? You think no one will overcome those problems....? This is where human motivation, ingenuity and effort will fail? Truly no one will be able to come up with solutions that are, at least, workable and *mostly* fair? You keep trying to imply that bitcoin is somehow going to become a flashpoint for political and personal vendettas to be filled or something. I am not even sure exactly what you're trying to imply they can even do. Force prices higher? That's ridiculous. *Everyone* would have to do that. That just isn't going to happen because there **only needs to be a few percent who are charging low/no fees for the pressure to be effective**.
I am a programmer and manager. I do this stuff for a living. Please do more research into bitcoin if you're going to spout the level of rhetoric that you have, because I'm just not seeing the justification backed by knowledge. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:27:38
Yes, we all know how one or more party's inability to write good software based on bitcoin means that ALL OF BITCOIN IS BAD.
You don't hear people complaining that the entirety of the internet is broken because one early router company misunderstood how TCP/IP works and added a bug to their implementation which was based on a bug in TCP/IP. People realize it was the hardware makers fault because *everyone else worked around it*.
Bitcoin is just a concept that relies on people to use it right. There is zero wrong with that. 
It's a new technology that you have to use correctly- MtGox didn't. Bitcoin never mislead or hurt anyone.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:42:07
So?! Its a measured risk that **someone** will take. You're so convinced that everyone in the world will be absolutely 100% greedy that you're ignoring the fact that it REQUIRES behaving in order to even participate, never mind rock the boat and that there is just A LOT of good will in the mining community right now. You're imaging monsters that aren't real.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:44:31
The view that bitcoin provides 'no' value is laughable at best.
I don't particularly think your opinion is important here: the reality is enough people seem to agree that it does. If you can, from a highly educated and invested point of view that 'bitcoin has no value', you would have something. But the fact remains that, much like the internet, it allowed only those who are highly technical to access it for a very long time due to usability issues.
How did the internet work out?
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:34:03
And my entire reply is summed up with the response  
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:42:54
edit2: [In which op and krelotho kiss and make up](
You can't magically get every order you make. MTGOX is a matching platform - someone has to be at the other end of your purchase.
Down voters are assuming that the low the OP is quoting is accurate. A bug that is been circulating for a while now causes this to happen (its in the thread the OP links too...), but its getting fulfilled against a buy order for a higher price. That doesn't mean the line in front of you has disappeared. You still need the people with buy orders offering more than you to be absorbed. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:28:58
I like a good and accurate dressing down, and so I'm going to encourage it with bitcoin.
+0.002 BTC verify
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:44:23
Okay, so you're just misunderstanding my point then.
The barrier to entry means there is no 'sole authority'. I can't compete with banks because I can't just magically produce the capital and so forth. I can compete with other miners very trivially by purchasing hardware and running it. That puts *a lot* of downward price pressure on the entire network. You're trying to claim that's going to drive prices up, but the opposite is true. The fees will always be reasonable in terms of bitcoins buying power.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:29:52




There is a market for transactions *which get verified very quickly*, for who ever pays the highest fee. You will always have your transaction filled eventually, so long as the fee is, quote, reasonable.








Adding new participants/pools willing to create blocks bigger than the existing biggest blocks *does*.




And the current state of hardware and bitcoin miners will continue forever, meaning we will never be able  to support bigger blocks?






Uh... Why though? Why are they even mining if they are discriminating against users for... paying the market rate? Mining pools *don't* unilaterally set transaction fees. Its moving more and more towards a dynamic fee that is based on the current traffic. 
I just don't understand your obsession with trying to say miners will centralize. The system doesn't encourage that. Even having a few percent of the network being willing to do so disrupts any so called 'centralization' of the other pools....
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:49:00
Its a trivial as you've presented it. There is no problem. The key you've identified is signed by a top-level issuer. They just switched from GoDaddy to Comodo. 
Basically the certificate did change. The warning was triggered correctly, but there is no danger as I can confirm that it is in fact a legitimate certificate upon closer inspection. It's also a wildcard certificate which are slightly more risky to accept, which might have caused the warning too.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:04:43
You're assuming that the low the OP is quoting is accurate. A bug that is been circulating for a while now causes this to happen, but its getting fulfilled against a buy order for a higher price. That doesn't mean the line in front of you has disappeared. You still need the people with buy orders offering more than you to be absorbed. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:03:36
Now you've shifted from your original point, and you are simply deflecting my link to a CORE DEVELOPER'S DISCUSSION which frankly shows you're just wrong. These are solvable problems that they are actively working on.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:12:14
Why? What absolutely forces that to be true?
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:41:52
It is also worth pointing out that a Ponzi-like (or frankly any type of fraud) is always conceivable with *any* Bitcoin-like system. You can't build something that is to be used in place of value and expect it to also not be a vehicle for defrauding someone of that value. The thing is Bitcoin just isn't a *good* scheme to defraud someone. It is a very, very, *very* long con that relied on what, in retrospect, what appear to be mostly organic factors.
Bitcoin is also unique because the operation of the block chain is understood at byte-by-byte level. When you participate in the block chain, you're on equal footing. Everyone in the world can participate in the same way that everyone else can. Further, its operation is completely and independently verifiable. 
The impact of that last paragraph should really be stressed as much as possible.  Bitcoin works in a *completely, and 100% understood way*. That doesn't mean that way is *ideal*, but I can say the following
1. The block chain is operated only by rules that are universally accepted, scrutinized and every rule requires active participation. There is no operation performed that is not subject to public awareness to some degree.
2. It is unfeasible to execute attacks on the availability or function of the block chain network to either significantly fork it or otherwise cause undesired behavior.
3. Therefore, any one interested party (or government) is unable to inhibit the operation of the block chain.
4. All known weaknesses do not threaten the safe operation of the block chain 
5. The block chain has shown resilience to every issue presented so far
6. All of the above will remain true so long as there is sufficient interest by legitimate parties in the form of mining
7. Bitcoin is mined by the single largest distributed computing project on earth.
All of these things are properties of Bitcoin itself because it creates incentive for participating fairly through its implementation. It's not how you build the best (or the most profitable) Ponzi scheme.
All of the effort that went into seeming genuine isn't going to pay if it really was created by a rouge party. Any deviant activity of any significant will simply yield a block fork if its severe enough. Its already happened in the past and [the devs (not satoshi) think about doing it when needed.](
@_date: 2014-03-10 06:49:50
This is basically the correct answer. The epoch in bitcoin is the block and the order of and even the contents of blocks vary from miner to miner. Miners are not obligated to include any transactions, and more to the point it would be impractical to atomically order every single transaction across the network. Bitcion overcomes the potential problems effectively by using blocks as 'groups' of transactions. The OP's question is really an observation that blocks are groups of transactions which can be said to be instantaneous.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:23:10
Look at yourself man. If you want to continue then I'm sorry. You're way too obsessed with this. Bye.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:59:13
I have read the white paper.
You [can refer here]( where it clearly states that the merkle root is a hash based on all of the transactions of the block.
If you are electing to only include transactions with fees, you only need to recalculate this hash each time a new transactions *with a fee* is detected. Otherwise, you would need to recalculate it for each transaction with or without a fee, which in times of high volume would necessitate constant validation of and the hashing of the transactions,** and the requirement to update all of its workers.**
What I can't find is the practical result of this. In practice, could they recalculate the merkle root every time they get a transaction with a fee, plus every 1 minute they introduce all a certain number of free transactions. This method would (in my mind) virtually the same as their current method from a CPU cycle cost and network propagation point of view.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:25:39
You need to spend plenty of time looking at this page, as it clears up many misconceptions.
Fiat currency: "money without intrinsic value that is used as money because of government decree"
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:23:22
Popular opinion is always wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:39:28
This is an absurd comparison. The barrier to entry to become a miner is *much* lower than the barrier to entry to become a bank. Virtually anyone can become a miner and charge no fees, and your free transaction would be fulfilled by them eventually. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:21:56
It was a bug in **counterparty**.
@_date: 2014-05-03 20:20:30
Perhaps a more relevant quote, also by Metcalfe:



