@_author: krellan2
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:26:51
Don't also forget "use tax", which we have to endure in California.  There are possibly other states, known for high sales tax, that impose use tax.  If you're a California resident, you are liable for use tax.
What's use tax?  It's a substitute sales tax, for things that you buy out of state and import into California.  The main application is for buying a car: many people used to buy new cars in Oregon then drive them down, to save the sales tax, which on a new car is thousands of dollars.  California put a stop to that, with the use tax.  It is added to your income tax, and you're supposed to pay it voluntarily.  With cars, they know about it when you go to register the car in California, but with other things, they really have no way of knowing, unless they catch you by other means.
So, if you have bought things without paying the sales tax (Bitcoin miners imported from China come to mind), you're technically supposed to pay use tax on them, equivalent to what the sales tax would have been if you had bought them from a traditional store in California that charged sales tax on the purchase.  This is supposed to be reported on your California state income tax return.
The good news about paying use tax on your Bitcoin miners is that by making the tax system aware of them, it opens up the possibility of you using the cost of those miners as a basis if you have made a profit selling off your mined Bitcoins.  You could calculate your expense of creating those Bitcoins: the one-time cost of the miners, and the electricity cost over time of keeping them running.  (You do have your miners connected to a power meter, like a Kill-A-Watt, so you can see how much electricity they consume, right?)
Instead of having a basis of zero, thus a tax liability for the full value of your mined Bitcoins, you might be better off paying use tax on the purchase, thus letting you invoke the cost of the mining equipment into your tax calculations, thus increasing your basis and thus reducing your tax liability!
As always, this is just speculation, I'm not a tax adviser, and this is all hypothetical.  But, if I were in this situation, this is what I would do.
@_date: 2014-11-22 19:20:49
Wow, nice bandwidth!
BTW, if you're sitting comfortably at the default maximum of 125 connections, you can increase it by using the -maxconnections= option, on the command line when starting bitcoind.
On Linux the limit should be able to increase to about 800 connections or so.  Since your connection is good, go for it.
@_date: 2013-10-16 05:21:55
There is an open wager on this very question:  
