@_author: kresprowlands
@_date: 2019-03-20 12:11:01
Oh the stories I could regale you with regarding banks!  I am so with you brother.  I deposited a $900 check once and they accidentally credited my account for $90.  When all hell broke loose I went down to the bank to find out why my rent check had bounced among others.  Of course they stated it was because I had no money in my account... and they give me this self satisified smug knowing look like... "Oh look! Here comes another one of those poor bastards who seems to think we have done something wrong".  Anyway, this was before the days of online banking so I had gone to the bank to get them to print out my statement and find out what the heck was going on.  One glance at the statement and I immediately saw the $90 credit.  I pointed it out and told them that should be $900.  They didn't actually roll around on the floor and laugh.  But they might as well have.  The bank manager finally turns to me and says, "Well you will have to bring in your deposit slip before we can even discuss changing that."  It really pissed me off because they had copies of the deposit slip on their micro film or whatever the hell they kept to keep up with their accounting and they could have gotten to the bottom of it right then and there.  But noooooo!  I had to drive all the way back to the house.  Hunt down my deposit slip which thankfully I still had.  Take it back into them.  They looked at it.  Saw it was filled out for $900.  Looked at the codes on the back and said they would need to pull up the files.  They'd be right back with me.  They disappear into the back room and eventually they come back out and sheepishly admit that they had indeed made an error and they would go ahead and correct it by crediting my account with the missing $810.  They also reversed their bounce fees but they wouldn't pay the fees I had to pay stores.  I MADE them write me a letter of apology stating that it was their fault my account was overdrawn and I took it around and got most of the places that bounced my checks to reverse the fee at their end too.  But it was a lot of work and certainly shouldn't have been my responsibility to have to deal with.  I could tell many more stories but I will leave it at that!  Kresp.
@_date: 2019-03-20 11:42:06
That is hilarious Joshan\_96!