@_author: krikke80
@_date: 2017-12-25 19:02:02
Piratebay gets it? Or do they not want gifts les then 100 dollar worth? If I want to donate them 30 dollar worth BTC, they end up with only 2 dollar in their account.  At first I bought BTC, but the fees are way too high for a smal user, and that was not the intention of the original Whitepaper...  That is the reason why I focus on Bitcoin Cash now, it is usable, so I don't think that they keep on LOL'ing ... Merry Xmas!
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:59:27
I am a newbie, but man I like this soooooo much... The first time a couple days ago I didn't knew how to feel, but this brings so many opportunities !! And if you believe in the concept, there is nothing to worry about ;) 
@_date: 2017-12-25 19:10:56
I think this is not true. As a newbie myself I have this feeling about Bitcoin reddit.  I like them all, but if you only ask a question about BCH the hate is enormous! That's how I ended up reading more in the Bitcoin Cash reddit then here... But I respect you all, except for the haters. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 10:27:05
If your explanation is true, and don't understand me wrong, I'm not a Bitcoin hater, then you have to change the commercial and explanation on  ... 
"BTC is the first digital currency" : It's not usable as a currency at the moment because of high fees and slow transactions.
"..this means that the fees are much lower.." : Compared to which currency? I think BTC is the most expensive at the moment?
"You can purchase ANYTHING with bitcoin.." : No I cannot, because if I want to buy something less then 100 dollar i loose it almost completely on fees...
"Bitcoins are a great way for businesses to minimize transaction fees" : No, it's not, it's more expensive than a bank... 
.... 
So please, I don't know what is happening with BTC but this doesn't look good.
@_date: 2017-12-24 09:36:04
Sure, I invested in early tech and that comes with issues... But why is it that others like LTC and BCH for example can do things where  BTC still dreams about? Don't get me wrong: I really liked BTC a lot, but i'm a small investor: every month I invest a little and it appears that BTC is now only for rich people? If I see that a transaction worth of 30 EUR BTC cost 28 EUR than you have to admit that something is seriously wrong... Is BTC only for big players that don't care about this amount? In my view BTC should be cheaper than bank institutions but this is absolutely not the case now, so I'm very disapointed. That was why I looked further and stumbled on LTC and BCH, I see a lot of hate and anger between the last currency and BTC and I really don't get it, because it is fast and cheap? You were the first crypto and now you a running to catch up with others, and that's a sad thing.  