@_author: kristaps1
@_date: 2018-08-24 17:46:07
wirex or spectrocoin
@_date: 2018-07-15 04:26:18
Great stuff! 
But i will write my view on this situation. 
First i dont know where you all guys and girls live but that is insignificant. Here is situation as i see it, and it is not personal for you  
[paperraincoat](  but i liked your comment . 
The situation is pretty simple but it is hard to formulate so that majority understands. The thing is majority of people who are in age group 18-30 years live with their parents because income rate for young professionals of any industry is at the minimum level (depends from country) average 1000 EUR a month (salary) for some it is a lot and for some it is pocket money. If you look for data about people able to work form 16-pension that number varies but in most countries it drops like stone, meaning that less people should earn more money to support their communities via taxes. This creates a problem of  insufficiency of money  funds to pay for services by government. These institutions then borrow money from bank, fund, or sells government bonds to fund their responsibilities. The problem is that all the money is already digital and endless. People think that it is covered by gold, silver or land , but it is so only in 10 \% of all the cases. In most cases EU, USA, CHINA, JAPAN just print money and release it in market.  Banks use fractional reserve banking system and basically loans you numbers in their systems but you have to earn that money and pay interest. There is nothing bad  but this situation makes inflation and every thing gets more expensive, gas, electricity, food prices are going up about 2-8\% a year but it is by little so you get used to it. When inflation kicks in your salary  stays the same for about a year and your boss says to you: We cant rise your salary because our sales dropped and we just cant sorry. So you work for your salary but prices go up by inflation. 
Most of young people cant afford to buy their place so they take mortgage and buy house but because of the fact that governments are printing money your salaries stay low but interest rates go up by a lot to out run inflation and interest on borrowed money ([ you can find out how much precisely. This creates a loop of infinite interest payments and endless road of poverty. Money is worthless but it is fixed to gold RIGHT when inflation rises they rise the price of gold and that is the way they fight it but in reality they just change numbers on their screen and simple people live worse. Now comes bitcoin, best thing ever from every perspective. Opinions differ but some say that it has no covered value, my view is that it is a server with multiple functions, you have money function that IS cheaper than using international bank transfers. You have a world wide server infrastructure already in operational state (miners) and it is a finite 17 million is mined and rest 4 million coins will be mined trough to year 2140 so it is a lot of years. If you know there is a blockchain word involved in bitcoin conversations, what is this chain of blocks? It is a operational server that at the moment does only ledger functions but can be used as a server that earns money by storing your information, i like example of web page, how many domains you can name and how much does it cost to maintain it? About 15 USD a month. How many domains there are? A lot and there will be more. Old  BTC transactions are kept on ledger and when you make your mining node you download all of it but is there any use of it ? NO but you could replace it with service of storing zipped information on these blocks and get commission from it so it becomes an income source. In a time when energy is a painful and expensive thing there is a thought that it is not economically viable to mine BTC it is rubbish 70 TWh per year it  is 1/20 of Germany electricity needs a year. It is done to make it sound bad so that people sell, all the negative news, are done out of the same reason. Because banking is so good business that no one will let some BTC take their profits away it is 50 trillion industry [ . And they are making laws in a lot of countries to tax it like a security or commodity and it is coming all over earth. Because banks, funds and people will buy it and pump the price even more than last year. So it is a trend that is very attractive to people that live in poor or countries with high inflation. Because your BTC price is last exchange deal price \* circulating supply= market cap and you can pump it and when it crashes it redistributes it self naturally and the next wave will be higher than previous one. Some will have more and some will have less as always. And if you read you can find out that about 4 million bitcoins are lost (no one can access their account what ever reason) and all the mining is done for last 4 million coins and you have 120 years to do it so it is useless to mine because computers evolve with amazing speed and that increases difficulty of mining and the competition level of who will make more powerful miner. The trap as you say is living by the old rules and working by the rules. All this invention (BTC) has done is revolutionize the idea that you can gather funds trough Internet , make company that offers some service or product and sell it in open market, the thing is that these new companies dont need office space, that much employees because every thing is getting automated and more accessible thanks to the internet and it is the future of business and banking. Buy BTC or any other good coin and you will be rewarded.  