@_author: kriszsomogyi
@_date: 2019-11-09 22:49:23
Hold my beer...
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:37:32
I call bullshit
@_date: 2019-10-11 20:58:51
It is 6:59am (place opens at 7am), I go onto the Bopple app and I reorder my Latte.. auto pay... I walk down to coffee shop and it’s waiting for me at the counter... 15 hippy douches look at me as I cut in line, don’t pay and walk out giving my favourite barista a wink... thank you.... you just keep paying cash... I love that feeling... if you all did what I did, it wouldn’t be half as much fun!
Soon I can just tell Siri - Hey Siri, order me a coffee from downstairs. Done... no tills... maybe I have to look at my phone to confirm payment or use a fingerprint on my watch... hell even pay with bitcoin... so we could avoid the stranglehold of country based governments
@_date: 2019-10-11 20:25:01
Damn... he deleted his post... where he bought a dildo and it took like 13 steps to buy something with a card and wasted electricity and paper while the cash happened in an instant... this was my reply.. I spent so much time on it.. that I thought I’d post it anyway... I’ll delete it after a while as it’s too ranty
Well that is too easy to reply to.
Scenario 1 : I’ll take 6 Dildos at 3.85... I wave my phone or watch  or single card over a terminal, pay $23.10, get a receipt and tax invoice sent out. No pin, no swiping, no declining, no eod counts, I won’t get robbed, cashier wont spent 2 min counting back from $50... it all happens in seconds that takes no involvement at all. 1% bank charge. 0.5% cost of business... 
- no paper, all sent to my email, fav expense tracking app, with my taxes done at the same time (collecting proof of purchase and adding the amounts and grouping them) for any business related expenses - both for customer and the business... stock is tracked and revenue and buying trends with feedback on when to buy stock, what is selling well... no need for elaborate stock takes... cause we know what was sold and when... we just need to occasionally check that it’s still where it is supposed to be but that is another tech solution that has been solved for over a decade
- electricity used is so tiny that we could use a solar panel to run this entire process continuously (but it’s seriously tiny to make a payment, you could just add a dongle and run it off of your phone)
- our of your 13 points, I agree with 2 
1) yes please on the giant black throbbing dildo
2) wave my hand over the terminal and like some kind of Uber gay Persian prince, that is enough, goodbye...
3 - no swipe/flap 
4 - no enter amount (it’s automatic from till)
5 - don’t press anything / continue
6 - turned of donate feature... never turned it on
7 - no press again anything 
8 - again no amount entered 
9 - processing in under 10 seconds or it is free ... 99 % of time it is under 2 seconds - much less than the moron who can’t count change back from $50 for $23.10... for fuck sale you gave me change for $40.. what the fuck do you mean I gave you 2 twenties.. let talk to the fucking manager... I could give you a thousand examples on this one
10 - declined occasionally - if you don’t have money ffs
11 - approved is not a step
12 - no sign anything
13 - no paper 
What else you got?
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:34:35
Bullshit... the cost of using cash is usually higher or on rare occasions lower then using a card. I worked at Mastercard and that was the specific target.
- Theft
- Lost / Damaged
- Security measures to prevent loss/theft
- Time spent getting change from banks
- Time counting / recounting 
  - i.e. Time spent counting tills, eod, prepping tills, giving change, mistakes giving change, 
- Fraud, criminal organisations and entire countries have used cash to cheat you... most people given the chance, will work “cash in hand”, fudge their books or taxes and think they are getting away with it but as just ruining it for the rest..
The cost of business for cash is around 3%, cards / eftpos etc target 1-2% but in some markets / situations, it can be 3-4% but with better tech and adoption / widespread use, this will drop lower 
I am sooo sick of the pc utter bullshit... the sky is falling down, the banks are evil and out to get you... look at me, we can go back to simpler times... bullshit... you got robbed, people stole, cashiers made mistakes, had to count tills, get big bags of change, customers haggled with cash, it got lost, damaged, fake bills, end of day counts, mid shift recounts.., stack of 15 tills with 50 thousand dollars.. yeah I’ve counted that with staff sitting around at end of day being fired cause they lost another $15-30 for the 3rd time or spending an hour counting $2865.50 till or coming to do cash pick ups... with security in tow... have you ever lost $500 or been robbed at knife point... I now have $70, my ID and a bank card... no wallet... someone wants my money.. take it, 2 cards replaced in 3 days (I also have spares at home) and I notch that down to my charity for the year... but it doesn’t happen as much cause we don’t carry cash as much....
Holy shit I could rant about this one for a month... fucking hippy fucktards.