@_author: kris_jones
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:24:32
Most people in this thread don't understand what financiers actually mean when they say intrinsic value. It means if you had complete information of something, including its future, how much would it be worth to you? Not to the market, but you as a person. We are not talking about market values and what it could be sold for.
If I showed you exactly what would happen in a company's future, all its earnings, and its eventual dissolution, you could give me a price that you are willing to pay for it. Obviously that's not something that could be observed; it's just a concept. The concept helps investors in deciding how much they personally value something despite what the market decides.
This is related to Ben Graham's idea of Mr. Market. The market is personified as an individual that visits you every day to offer you a price to buy or sell. If the price for your assets doesn't satisfy you, you can choose not to sell, and you should also buy more. If the market is giving a price above what you "know" it to be worth, perhaps you sell.
In the real world, this is not how value is assigned. On paper, your home is worth what the market says it is, your stocks are worth what the market says it is. But you don't have to comply with those valuations, at least conceptually. You do in practical situations, like you need to sell now, or have your property appraised, or need to create GAAP compliant balance sheet.
It's a concept that empowers the individual to assign their own value to investments. It's a powerful concept because life continuously tells us the opposite. At the time it was revolutionary because the price was always what it's worth. That concept brought in with it the idea of evaluating an investment for yourself– analysis. It's intended to liberate the investor. It's not scientific; it's a conceptual tool.
The reason it doesn't really apply to bitcoin is because a lot of people's intrinsic value of it is just it's future market value. Which misses the point of the concept (in separating personal value and market value). We're better off just ignoring this concept. It was created almost a hundred years ago with a focus on much different types of assets than bitcoin.
This guy is just speaking the language of a value investor. He doesn't get exposure to anything just in case, like a VC. He understands his circle of competence, would rather extend his understanding further in areas that he is competent in instead of learning a brand new thing, he knows he will miss out on unicorns, but he's doing what his investors want of him. He's not really saying anything idiotic.