@_author: kris-vogogo
@_date: 2014-08-07 23:58:31
Thank you!  We're very excited especially about some upcoming partnerships and product announcements. The financing PR is icing on the cake for us.
I personally think that in order for Bitcoin to succeed the friction between bank accounts and Bitcoin wallets needs to be dramatically reduced.  I know we're going to be a big part of that at Vogogo. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 18:19:57
I did a bit of research so far today and it seems like bulk generating wallets is easy BUT setting up a contact list with wallets attached for each person and then actually sending an amount of coin to each person in the list... that part I am not sure about. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:22:22
I don't know if we think of it in terms of hard vs easy.  The bank is a business and they are just operating their business the best way they know how.  The success you have talking to banks and working with banks depends on what you bring to the table.   We like working with banks. We understand banks and their concerns. 
We have a great banking history, extremely clean fraud record, and a lot of audited process and technology in place to make banks happy. Banks know we can make them money with less risk than working directly with an unproven startup such as a new crypto exchange.  
We do payments for other industries as well, so banks see us as more of a general purpose payment business with a good history.  We have great references from other banking partners and from our customers, some of which have moved a lot of money over a lot of years.
We are very transparent with our banking partners at every step.  In cases we have proven to banks that our risk mitigation is as good as or better than what they do internally. We invest a lot in legal and compliance.  We protect the interests of the bank. When it comes to public perception, we put the bank at arms length. 
We go through a lot of hoops such as certification processes to document our compliance with every possible rule or best practice, this also makes everyone feel safe.  
Lastly, we take on risk ourselves, instead of leaving the bank 'up the creek'.  Its Vogogo who gets called first when someone comes looking for missing money, not the bank.  Our business is about risk mitigation, not just payments. We mitigate the bank's risk (and our own) through technology, process, customer service, and a solid business model (we know we can cover bad debt as a loss).   
All of this isn't something everyone should have to spend millions of hours or dollars on; again that's our value.  We do it so you don't have to.
Hope this helps.
 
@_date: 2014-11-04 22:44:20
Come anytime unlimited tab today and tomorrow!  Have your meetings here, on us. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 18:52:08
Hey all, I'm with Vogogo and if anyone would like to ask questions, I'm pleased to answer. 
I am personally a believer in Bitcoin and I hold and trade bitcoin myself.
Our goal is to provide payments and compliance services to make sure that moving fiat to and from Bitcoin just gets easier and easier.
Of course exchanges can take on this responsibility themselves, and many are doing a good job. But we feel like we can do a better job in the long run, save money, and let crypto-currency companies focus on the opportunity and technology of Bitcoin itself.   
We are not a Bitcoin exchange - but instead aim to help companies like exchanges (and others) do a better, faster job with their payments to and from their customers. We want to focus on helping spread services internationally.  
We have great relationships and history with fiat banks around the world, and see ourselves as a bridge that can remove friction between new and existing systems. Although its easy to focus on the payments aspect we see our value and services being very much focused around compliance.
Yes we have a great history doing payments and compliance for VoS and CaVirtex, and other companies as well.  Still have a great relationship with both companies!  We can't always reveal who we work with, and in many ways we will continue to be an invisible player from the customer perspective. Now we are really re-focusing on the US and EU which have different market needs.  
Online Bill Payment was one service offered in the past in Canada (and we still do).  There are pros and cons to using OBP: each bank can choose to opt in and opt out to OBP from any merchant, and the payments are irreversible once made (which can become a hassle).  The intent of OBP is to pay your bills, not to make purchases, so it was really a stopgap in some ways for the Bitcoin community in Canada in late 2013 and early 2014.
We will be bringing very disruptive payment and KYC offerings to market in the next couple months stay tuned!
@_date: 2014-11-05 01:06:39
Yes! Right outside the conference entrance... 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:27:59
If anyone is at Money 20 20 and wants to meet up, send me a note! 