@_author: kristy211
@_date: 2019-08-12 15:00:58
 Cryptocurrencies  are stored either in hot wallets or cold wallets. Hot wallets are  always connected to the internet and are easier to set up. Access to,  and spending these coins are relatively easier in hot wallets. Cold  wallets, on the other hand, are storage devices and can range from  simple pieces of paper to external storage units like hard drives or pen  drives, or even encrypted phones and computing devices that aren’t  connected to the internet. Thus, cold wallets are considered much safer  than hot wallets. They, however,in case of it being stolen, like mine  was robbed off mine . tried all means and even joined some forums but  couldn't recover it until i read about fast-recovery online . you can  contact these recovery agent via {cryprecovery\[ for  reliable and fast recovery.
@_date: 2019-08-12 12:10:10
 Cryptocurrencies  are stored either in hot wallets or cold wallets. Hot wallets are  always connected to the internet and are easier to set up. Access to,  and spending these coins are relatively easier in hot wallets. Cold  wallets, on the other hand, are storage devices and can range from  simple pieces of paper to external storage units like hard drives or pen  drives, or even encrypted phones and computing devices that aren’t  connected to the internet. Thus, cold wallets are considered much safer  than hot wallets. They, however,in case of it being stolen, like mine  was robbed off mine . tried all means and even joined some forums but  couldn't recover it until i read about fast-recovery online . you can  contact these recovery agent via {cryprecovery\[ for  reliable and fast recovery
@_date: 2019-08-12 12:21:51
 Cryptocurrencies  are stored either in hot wallets or cold wallets. Hot wallets are  always connected to the internet and are easier to set up. Access to,  and spending these coins are relatively easier in hot wallets. Cold  wallets, on the other hand, are storage devices and can range from  simple pieces of paper to external storage units like hard drives or pen  drives, or even encrypted phones and computing devices that aren’t  connected to the internet. Thus, cold wallets are considered much safer  than hot wallets. They, however,in case of it being stolen, like mine  was robbed off mine . tried all means and even joined some forums but  couldn't recover it until i read about fast-recovery online . you can  contact these recovery agent via {cryprecovery\[ for  reliable and fast recovery