@_author: kroin_system
@_date: 2014-10-24 09:46:24
After Bitcoin world has changed and it will change again. A revolution despite its 484 clones.
Almost everyday a new project with its own crypto currency comes to light claiming to be exceptionally innovative, but the truth is that nothing special has happened since the birth of Bitcoin.
We believe Kroin will be a silent revolution with disruptive effects. That’s why we are working hard on it. We want to make it real.
We aim to distribute value  to everyone through the unlimited opportunities of the web. We want to give people an alternative: reliable, secure, independent, easy.
Kroin received $2 millions in seed funding. The funds will be allocated to product development and to the research of talented and skilled people to be included in our team.
Reward your time, join Kroin today and be part of the revolution.
@_date: 2014-11-03 09:12:56
We will be out in Q1 2015 as you can see in our websites. Thank you. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 10:14:09
The limit is one of the rules of the algo that we are developing. We can say that will not be discretionary parameters. Sorry but in this phase we can't say more as you can understand. 
Absolutely no. Our reward depends on the success of the download of our plug in. 
No pre-sale / attribution in advance. We 'll all start in the same way. 
if you need more info don't hesitate to contact us at info 
@_date: 2014-11-03 08:55:26
The Kroin technological system 
Kroin is the digital asset within a technology system which aims to modernize, streamline, make financial transactions easier and less expensive by creating a web based &amp; Mobile oriented alternative to the economic, financial and payment system which is currently in use. 
The distribution of kroins is managed by a proprietary algorithm. The user interface architecture is represented by a software plugin categorizing, ensuring total privacy to the user, internet browsing and the time devoted thereto,  creating and distributing kroins according to the ranking rules of the algorithm. All user's credentials and activities will be collected on the dynamic website where the user can access his WALLET.
The number of Kroins per user is regulated by a set of rules within the proprietary algorithm. The global  number of kroins and the limit for their creation and distribution are two of the rules set in the algorithm.
The number of the downloads of the plugin and the contextual number of Kroins, exploitable and convertible fiat money on exchanges, as well as the number of transactions and payments will help to create the value of the economy [Kroin Economy] which will start, grow up and develop on Kroin basis. Such an economy will take as starting point  the number of downloads and the usability of the product kroin itself assigned within the network. 
The technological system with its own algorithm will distribute Kroins to any single user forming the network taking into account the limit parameters. The system will be equipped with a transaction verification Protocol distributed and rewarded in kroins. 
The company which owns both the technology and the algorithm of creation/distribution of kroins will assign a percentage of kroins to itself in a completely automatic, mathematical and descending way, on the basis of the downloads of the plugin.
Generation of inflation: 
The development of the kroin economic system could create a inflationary situation on the items purchased/ exchanged with Kroins. To moderate the approach to inflation, a set of rules has been fixed within the algorithm parameterizing the allocation of Kroins to users at an average price calculated on the major exchanges and on the volume of purchases of items and services on the network.
Kroins will represent an accessible value to make purchases and payments of real items on the web but also for  traditional shopping. Kroins can be exchanged among people and companies, institutions, governmental structures, institutional and supranational bodies. Kroins can be converted into fiat money directly from web interface of the Kroin platform or into the dedicated exchanges and marketplaces in the web.
The Kroin system creates-distributes kroins totally free of charge for the user.
The concept of "Mobile Mining" is introduced for the first time since now it is possible to be awarded with Kroins also from smartphones throughout a geo messaging system placed on suitable geo-POI (Point of Interest) activating  in the proximity of the end user mobile device. 
Messages after being read will increment the balance of the user's wallet. The allocation of these  messages, how they will be confirmed and their compensation in kroins will be object of a marketing strategy put in place by the company which owns the kroin technological structure.
Kroin wants to be a valid, economic, efficient and democratic web based &amp; mobile oriented alternative to the current monetary creation by the Central Banks which are private structures with the right of issuing and control currency.
The technological structure collocates the web user as the main character of the kroin generation, which aims to have functionality and usability typical of a payment system within an economic system which the network has been developing for years and which is in constant growth in parallel with traditional economy. The final creator-user is then the legal owner of kroins. In the distribution of kroins, any kind of intermediation by third parties has been totally eliminated. The company which owns the technological kroin structure only offers the control and management of the economic activity arising from the use of the plugin. 
The main macroeconomic feature of the Kroin architecture is to be a system of exchange based on credit. 