@_author: kronickle17
@_date: 2019-06-13 07:02:35
It's not a secret, its public information and FOIA requests. It's only a "secret" if you've had your head in the sand, or maybe to scared to learn how the world really works. 
Why speak up when it makes you rich or dead? Why does Obama hold the record for prosecuting whistleblowers? 
Trump is the only one who has taken a net loss since becoming a politician, while all the rest become richer from backroom deals, think about that for awhile.
Imagine being so ignorant that you believed a DNC/MSM conspiracy theory for 2+ years about Mueller indicting Trump, and some weasel named Schiff having hard evidence of collusion.
Agent Strzok sent text messages calling the coup an "Insurance Policy". Face it, this happened.
Trump has been on point for a long time, calling out 9/11 and Iraq WMDs correctly.
I bet he's been invested in BTC for years.
@_date: 2019-06-13 04:22:28
You're spot on crypto! This is just like r/politics \- so many are blind and blissfully (angrily) ignorant to the fact that Trump has took on the elite cabal that has been running America into the ground since JFK stood up to them. Hollywood/MSM have been in league with the deep state propaganda masters for decades [Operation Mockingbird]( \- probably not discussed much in left wing NPC's who follow their DNC masters programming. The deep state intel has been out of control toppling governments and starting wars around the world for decades, yet left wing-nuts believe that Comey, Mueller, Nadler, Biden (and dare I say) Obama have their best interest at heart, it's childishly naive or blissfully ignorant. Look at their international deals like Uranium One, sealed records (and transcripts), paid leaked speeches in exchange for "x" that are on Public Record! 
It will soon be clear to everyone after the declass. They attempted a coup (self labeled the "Insurance Policy" by Strzok) created with Russian disinfo against Trump and failed. Image if Trump and Barr had an insurance policy against the next DNC candidate! Image if he destroyed his emails and phones with hammers! Insanity!
This cabal has sold out the US at every turn, and now they are desperate to take down Trump before he takes them down. Yet they act nice in public and say politically correct things, and Trump speaks off the cuff like a human, so Orange Man Bad.