@_author: kronusgt
@_date: 2018-01-05 15:51:11
Would be nice if it were soon, but at the moment I'd rather them enable bcash trading again so I can dump mine for more BTC. Unless I'm mistaken, I'd be stuck paying taxes I'd rather not deal with going with BCH-&gt;USD-&gt;BTC vs BCH-&gt;BTC. I missed my opportunity because I didn't realize that I wasn't fully verified.
@_date: 2014-10-21 15:35:21
If I were selling something, I'd accept and hold BTC. I actually plan on doing so when I release my first video game.
If I could put all my money in BTC, have it not degrade in value, and be able to pay my bills with it, I'd move to it... especially since my bank started charging $8/month for a checking account. If not, then no, I wouldn't use it. I'd be hopeful of the technology but I wouldn't bother with it or evangelize it.
As someone with very little income, who's struggled for far too long with trying to start a business while doing jobs that leave me too drained to do anything productive, I invested in BTC because if it "went to the moon" I'd finally be able to devote the time needed to complete a project and not require crowdfunding to pay for music and sound effects. Simply too time-consuming, and unless you already have a sizable following to keep you visible, is very prone to failure.
Unfortunately, I didn't buy or mine pre-2013 bubble. I heard about it a few years ago and considered mining, more or less to justify buying a Radeon 5xxx series at the time, but my research ended before I reached a moment of clarity on Bitcoin. Unfortunately I didn't purchase at the right time, so I'm in the red until ~$607. Could've been worse, and my situation has worked out in other ways to alleviate my expenses, so I'm comfortable holding for a while longer.
@_date: 2017-02-13 23:58:24
It's more like, what reservations *don't* I have about the administration :( .
If I had to pick a single thing that bothers me the most though, it's the science denial (anti-intellectualism and fact-denial in general, as well), whether religiously or politically motivated. Anti-vaxxers, young earth creationists, climate-deniers, etc. This administration is chock full of them.
@_date: 2017-02-13 16:57:31
No amount of pro-Bitcoin talk is going to make me support this administration.
@_date: 2017-02-14 20:02:15
I have absolutely no issue with people having a religion and exercising said religion. It's their business, whatever the religion, so long as no one is being hurt and they aren't using it against others. Religion certainly does some good, but it also has a history of being used as a tool for unspeakable acts. I'm against a state sponsored religion, laws, and school curriculum (creationism doesn't belong in science class), based on that religion, specifically by the most vocal and extreme members of said religion.
I'm speaking of the people that think the earth is several thousand years old, dinosaurs are the work of the devil, homosexuality is a sin that causes natural disasters, conversion therapy supporters, you're evil and will burn in hell if you don't accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior, the environment doesn't matter because we're all getting raptured, climate change is a hoax, etc.
These people aren't harmlessly minding their own business, they are very proactive when it comes to increasing their ranks and influence and have been trying to push creationism, etc., into public schooling for decades. This kind of thinking has a habit of spitting out hate groups (KKK) and terrorists (Quebec mosque, abortion clinic bombers). Also, the general dumbing down of america by teaching "alternative facts" would have negative ramifications on many aspects of our country.
I'm for strict separation of church and state because I view the erosion of it as one of the greatest dangers to our country that exists. I tend to think long term (50-150yrs), and when I see a group like that growing and gaining power and influence, I look at possible end games. Things wouldn't be immediate, but if we trend in that direction, as history has proven, it tends to end very poorly. Hopefully this administration is nothing more than a wake up call and blip along the trend line and not the worse possible outcome: our path to becoming something akin to a Christian middle-east.
And yes, I'm aware that religion isn't the only source of such ideas, different cultures have their own issues. Nationalism can certainly be just as dangerous as religion extremism. The left isn't immune either, as they do have eco-terrorists.
@_date: 2017-02-14 08:05:21
I'm certainly not saying that I don't have reservations about most politicians (anti-vaxxing and holistic pseudo-science is certainly a plague on the left as well), but I have far more issues with this current group and the religious fundamentalists that have taken over the right in general. It's gotten so bad that you're called a liberal (spoken as if it's some sort of slur) if you're anything but far right. I'm far more likely to vote for Team Science, socialist policies or not, because the preservation of the separation of church and state is as important to me as the right to keep and bear arms is to a gun fanatic. I consider this administration to be by far the greatest threat in my lifetime to it, the courts that uphold it, and to our educational system, which should have, by way of cultivating curiosity, critical thinking skills, and scientific literacy, reduced such groups to a non-influential fringe by now.
Both sides have they're economic pros and cons, with their main problem being that they tend to double down even when their policies fail time and time again. Some socialist ideas are sound and good for the country, others aren't. Same goes for conservative ideas. We need a balanced economic plan created by a diverse team of vetted experts, backed by quality computational models and/or real examples of success, not one that is based solely on left/right ideologies and special interests.
Unlike many other politicians, I actually kind of like Ron Paul. More often than not I disagree with him, but he's a far more genuine person than most politicians. I'd say the thing that bothers me most about his views would be his stance on regulation (IIRC). Our regulatory system does need to cleaned up and improved, but I do think that regulations are immensely important.
@_date: 2019-02-09 16:20:35
I didn't buy/trade for BCH. I bought BTC, the chain forked, a few months later Coinbase gave all of their customers an equal amount of BCH to the amount of BTC they had at the time of the fork, and then I transferred it to GDAX and traded it for more BTC. I only did the one trade.
Thanks. I downloaded the relevant forms, though I may end up using tax software.
@_date: 2019-02-09 07:22:15
Good idea. Even if I do end up having to sell some, if I can stretch it out long enough I'll likely have to sell less... so long as the sideways movement doesn't outlast the payment plan.
@_date: 2019-02-09 08:17:25
I'm having some trouble with the cost basis. Not my actual Bitcoin cost basis, but how the bcash basis is calculated. I found some articles mentioning $266 as the cost basis, based on the value when it forked, while the Coinbase report seems to go by cost when they finally released it to everyone (12/13/2017  which is actually higher than what I ended up trading them at).
@_date: 2018-11-20 06:40:32
Sweet. I absolutely love Corvettes and hope to get one (or more...) someday as well. I'd also like to replace my ZR2 Sonoma with a ZR2 Colorado.
@_date: 2018-02-05 06:33:18
I've always liked Lambos, but I have no intention of getting one. My first vehicle purchase will be a Colorado ZR2 to replace my current 02' Sonoma ZR2. My second vehicle purchase would be a Corvette (huge fan).
I don't have as much BTC as I'd like, so I'd definitely be waiting till it gets comfortably into six digits :( . Even then, I may just throw several grand into my current truck, cause as much I'd love a brand new one, I really don't drive enough to justify it at the moment. A vehicle isn't very high on my priority list. Lifelong financial security is most important, followed by whatever I deem most important to making my life as enjoyable/comfortable/pleasant/stress-free as possible.
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:10:07
Forrest Gump
@_date: 2018-02-05 06:52:12
Hopefully $25k or higher, cause that's what I've decided it'll take for me to actually spend some and build me and my brother new PC's/Workstations.
@_date: 2019-05-31 15:25:39
Agreed. Fuck WikiLeaks.