@_author: kryptodots
@_date: 2019-12-10 21:18:43
The KryptoDots concept started almost 2 years ago when I needed a backup solution for my hardware wallet. I was searching for a compact and smart solution to store my seed words. All the other solutions out there were bulky and rough. I needed something somehow organized / structured and also as compact as it can get. And then it happened... I was struck by inspiration. I can use dots to mark my words on a metal plate. Dot is the smallest marking that can be made on a metal plate and yet easy to be marked and easy to be read. After I made a few backup devices and used them, I started to give some as gifts for my friends and family (to those involved in the crypto world), receiving a very good feedback. Then I was thinking why not sharing with the rest of the world.
The price is a little bit high at this moment because KryptoDots Backup Kit is produced in small batches, and because of low production volume I can't negociate contracts with providers/manufacturers. Our vision is to offer the most affordable backup solution for those who need it.
Also we will renegotiate the shipping costs with the couriers in the future to be able to lower or even eliminate the shipping cost for our products.
If you have any question or suggestion regarding our product I will gladly answer.
@_date: 2019-12-11 12:42:02
Hey! Thanks for the suggestions!
* the shipping cost on offered by DPD parcel shipping is the same for items from 0 to 3 kg.
* we are working on implementing the payment with Bitcoin and altcoins. This is somehow a sensitive approach because i can not reach a consensus with the accounting department regarding this matter. I will try to avoid BitPay as you suggested ;).
I think the shipping cost for Switzerland is so high because Switzerland is a non UE country. Now the shipping calculator at checkout should work.
I have a discount policy for anyone who share any thoughts/feedback regarding KryptoDots Backup Kit. I will send you a private message with the discount code.
Thank you for warm wishes!