@_author: kryptokung
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:50:44
This was in Swedish media as well
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:25:18
Just read an article in a swedish newspaper that featuerd a " Bitcoin-expert" that said that Bitcoin is one of the most riskiest investments you can do at the momend,and that he had himself sold all of his coin and invested in Bitcoin cash.
Also mentioned, that he was a co founder of bitcoin.com and co-runnning the site...
@_date: 2017-12-16 09:50:47
In the court of law, or in the court of public opinion? Everyone has the right to make up their own mind what they think happened based on what happened.. Thinking someone did it is not the same as saying we should live in a society with arbitrary courtsystems or proper rule of law..
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:17:03
Hmm, a book might be a better idea, hmm.
@_date: 2018-06-24 14:55:11
Well said
@_date: 2017-11-09 14:25:55
WHYY are we still talking about a cinema? "That would mean cinema guests could decide that they shouldnt pay for tickets"  Yeah, and not go to the fucking cinema. Not actually PAY for the tickets and then having other people go to the cinema. Wich is how taxes work.
Your analogy doesnt really make sense.. What is aplicable to visiting a cinema isnt applicable to society in general, or the ideals.
"Just as you choose to live on my island." I wouldnt go to your island if you forced me to pay you for it, what the hell dude?
" And therefore whatever tax you have to pay on my island, or whatever ticket price you have to pay in the cinema is something that you in the end consented to by going there, and therefore cant label as theft." This is incredibly frustrating, its like you are missing HUGE portions of the argument here, your examples are completely irrelevant an unapplicable... Your thoughtexperiments are plain weird. WOW. just WOOW... 
With our logic and in your world me and my friend takes upr esidence on your island and we force you to pay us... Thats not theft, afterall.
Now tell me, after the thrid time, what is _your_ definition of theft!?
Its just beyond bonkers... Your assumptions are completely wild, arbitrary and completely ridicilous. YOu met zero of my arguments and just said" Is that really your argument"....
@_date: 2017-11-08 09:03:16
I think you should pay (high) taxes, but to say its" a choice" is just dumb... Bluethunders analogy is pretty spot on... Escaping tax by choice isnt a viable option. I think society ofcourse benefits from taxes, but you could def argue for it being theft, in theory.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:26:57
Lets flip it, I move there with my friend, we vote, we decide you will be taxed because you have alot, and we havent, to mitigate the resources. You better pay the taxes, or else... Is that theft?
In this world, maybe you should be allowed to live free, as I said, you OWNING an island doesnt constitute a government or a state, everyone who owns property owns their own peice of land...
Do you want to make it a country but also have OWNERSHIP of the country and rule it as some kind of king/dictator? What happens if im elected president, do you no longer own the island? Its an absurd example... Are we born free or not?
Or put it like this, can another bigger island extract taxes from you? Maybe they say, hey, from our island you can get some good fruits and food, and we have a doctor, bet you want to be part of that and pay a monthly fee? No thanks, you say, I can pay if i get sick or if im feeling like an exotic fruit etc.. There are other islands and doctors etc... Tough shit they say, you are paying for the service wether you want it or not, it will be best for you anyway.
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:30:23
"Now we wouldnt say tax in the US would be theft right?"  What? 
"considered theft in the US, even if the US didnt change any rules" Where is your point? You have none! Just some arbitrary assumptions and some vague point somewhere...
Even this was X and that was Y we wouldnt consider that to be Z.. So what!? We get used to alot of things, doesnt make the principle or defenition of something any different...  Tax isnt regarded theft in the world today either?
I live in a socialist country and have voted socialist in the past, so im not agains the concept of taxes at all. BUT, I can see the libertarians point.
There is nothing more annoying that people with their heads in the sand and refuse to acknowledge that some people may think differently and feel diffferently... I think it depends more on where on spectrum you are between utilitarianism or deontology, what "school of morale" you might feel is correct. As long as you know why and can make your argument for it.
Your post above is the most horrendous argument ive seen in a long time, WTF? "Think of it like this" ooh no, why ? 
I would boil it down to this, taxes do alot of well for people, mitigating resources does well, increases happiness, well being etc.. Thats why its morally right to mitigate resources... 
OR people have absolute right to their own property, morally... No one else can claim your property, currency etc with the threat of force. Do you have a right to be selfish? Id say possibly
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:36:05
Yeah lets say I moved to another country and also moved my assets and they said, we want a percentage of that, or else... id say it was "theft"( in the context of this discussion, atleast). The principe is the same.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:52:50
If you own the entire private island, then you can decide who goes there and you can even set a price to go there, logically.. Not theft no. I wouldnt say so, because you have absolute right to your property, right, ?( thats not how it would work in a socialist world....)
But in this world, you rarely have absolute right to what you own, tax is evidence that you dont... For instance, a few years ago in my country, we had a wealth tax, wich meant if you had a certain amount of assets, the government started taxing you for it. Not income tax, but taxes for having saved alot.
And a country or a government isnt equal to one person owning something private( like an island)... Presumably, I should be entitled to stand outside of the system if I wanted too.Its about principles and the basic philosophy, what is moral? Not" Do people think this is theft or not"... What the majority think isnt relevant in this discussion.
The island is not a good analogie to a country/ government/state. 
the basic premise of everything is flawed, too much is left out and assumed.. id say.
How did you aqquire this island? What are my conditions? Do I own an island of my own?  Do people have rights of their own? To property and means? It certianly seems so, you own an entire  private island... 
In this example I would pay, pay for visiting your island( If i want to visit). But I pay for something I use then, just as paying for a ticket to the cinema.  Tax would be forcing me to pay for something i wouldnt necessarily use, or even want to use.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:35:27
Where to buy bitcoin instead of Coinbase/Gdax?
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:06:13
"So, you know in advance that it will cost you a certain amount of tax money to move to the country. You already know this. Then you chose to move there and you pay the tax. And you call that theft?"
This is fucking irrelevant, how do you NOT see this!? THe other guy already explained this didnt he? That its the principle?! Lets say you go to a beach where there is a 100% chance of being robbed.. You go there, get robbed, but how can you call it a robbery? ( btw its a nice beach)... 
Ofcourse the definition of theft is different here, I dont want to call it theft really, but I totally seee the other guys pooint, wich you do not... What is your definition of theft? 
"What if instead of a country it was my island you wanted to move to. Same deal, move there and you pay. Is that theft also?"
What if me and my friend move there and we force YOU to pay? afterall you have an island and lots of stuff, we have nothing, you give us money. We decide, and if you dont pay...  We are only 3 people on the island. lets call it tax, mitigating the resources, you have no saying ofcourse, the majority decides.
@_date: 2017-11-09 08:56:56
Tell me your defenition then! 
"Here the thieves are not on their own property, which is the whole basis for my argument." YOUR property? What makes it yours? You have alot, we have nothing, ergo you share...  That is tax for you.
Its _ours_ now, since we are the majority we can decide that we share, you dont have a right to everything you own. Me and my friend will be better off for it= exactly how tax works. 
"u know in advance that if you go there you have to pay, but suddenly its the cinema whos the thief?" WHAT? I CHOOSE to go to the cinema, I dont choose to pay a subvention on a theater play I never watch and have no desire to watch, but I still pay for it.  Get it?
"would never be considered theft by most people." You are still on this? _irrelevant_
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:15:33
Having the exact same problem unfourtunately, started trading BTC and ETH a week ago, using Coinbase, just found out about GDAX, but the verification fails when i try to log on...
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:55:49
Looks plenty credible to me.. You mean they are _all_ lying? His lunacy has been well documented... I say its likely he ordered the murder of his neighbour and raped the harvard scientist that stayed with him...  
@_date: 2017-10-09 20:44:48
Agreed, Mcafee seems like a lunatic, and looking at it, he probably was behind it.. Some of the people who was in the documentary later said showtime paid them to say certain things, but, words stand against words.. They could just as likely have been paid afterwards...
Everyone can make up their own mind what they think happened based on the information, personally, I think he did it.
@_date: 2017-10-03 19:13:46
Good idea,  thought about the Trezor, but I am unfourtunately reaally strapped for cash atm... The fork is supposed to happen mid-november, so I should be ok, should...
@_date: 2017-10-19 07:45:40
Aside from Bitcoin I also have some stake in ethereum and Litecoin, but considering to sell them to buy more bitcoin, to be honest... I think its incredibly difficult to predict, if even possible, a "new bitcoin"... Bitcoin is bitcoin, I suggest you get on the train, there is still time.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:00:55
This is the dumbest argument in cases like this.. Yeah, in a society govern by laws you need to have that, the burden of proof... 
That does not mean I cant think what I want of the man, it doesnt prevent me from looking at the circumstances/ evidence and draw my own conclusions, does it?  People act like "innocent is proven guilty" is some universal rule, its not... Im not saying he should have goen to jail without evidence, what im saying is the guy seems like a real peice of shit and I think he did it. Thats my right, O.J was never proved guilty either, so what?
Besides, he fled the country so there is no way he will be found guilty...
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:10:24
Yes "they"? Who are "they"? in this instance? Classic "they" just like they did with Assange, yup...
 
 LOL cmon, take of the tinfoil hat... Is there any part of you who are even ABLE to entertain the idea that he might have done it...? You year, oh, rape charges? Murder charges? Plenty of people corroborating that story, you instantly hear  AH CONSPIRACY, FRAMING, it MUST be, because... He is rich? Aaand he... said so? The government tortures and kills his neighbour, to.. frame him? After living there a few years, they suddenly do not want a rich person there?
You believe what you want to believe, and not looking at it objectively.. Try using some common sense.
"He is innocent until really proven." In a court of law yes, in a society govern by law, that doesnt mean he didnt do it, you realize? I see that platitude thrown around enough by people who doesnt understand that it holds no relevance in cases like this discussion... What are your own reasons for believing he is innocent? You list none above
@_date: 2017-10-19 13:10:03
@_date: 2017-09-05 08:45:22
Really underrated comment =)
@_date: 2017-09-20 18:35:30
I agree the Assange case is suspicios and upsetting as fuck... And yeah, one should always be skeptical, for me, i got into Bitcoin and crypto a few months ago, and also noticed Macafee being into it, so I looked him up( remember reading all that stuff a few years ago), and for me, I dont believe his side of the story, dont buy his story or reasoning. To me, there is something off about the guy. Plenty of people in belize, both gangsters that were employed by him, government officials, neighbours and wives paint a story, macafee paints another. The american Harvard scientist should have few reasons to lie..
But sure, we will never know, and its up to everyone to make up their own mind, Assange was never guilty IMO, and the charges against him was a disgrace.
@_date: 2017-09-16 15:49:54
Thought I recognized Nordnet:) 
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:36:24
Ordered my Nano Ledger a while back ago for just this reason, however, they are unable to ship until the 15 of October.. And it will take 7-15 days...  So im a bit worried that i might not have time...
@_date: 2017-10-20 06:53:28
Haha maybe you are right
@_date: 2017-10-12 07:55:47
Ive tried this but it doesnt work for me.. I can easily buy and sell bitcoin on coinbase, but I have to jump through all sorts of hoops If i want to deposite actual Euro on my account... Apparenly I cant just easily use my credit card then...
Making me unbeleviable annoyed at coinbase
So apparenly it works differently if you dont live in the US... Having to do a SEPA, whatever that is ^^
@_date: 2017-10-12 11:34:25
Im in the same boat as you are. Cant afford alot at the moment, I guess buying a little bit (pun genius) every month will have to suffice, I think in the broader picture, we are still in pretty early.
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:21:27
Wish I had a friend like you back then:)