@_author: ktemby
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:24:55
The blockchain is secure and distributed, but the way most people are using bitcoin seems pretty insecure
I think your point highlights part of the problem though - Bitcoin seems like amazing technology, rather than an asset or currency with practical 'utility'.
Most people never need to understand 'how' a useful thing works, like all the tech in your phone... it doesn't matter that it might be the 'best' at some technical thing, it has value because it is useful for the intended purpose!  The 'most' awesome tech in the world in an phone that has a battery life of 2 mins won't be successful in the market for long.
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:50:38
I might be headed in the same direction: [here's my post](
Might be a long winded version of your post - I guess I'm sharing the point of 'if these problems were solved, I would believe bitcoin can continue to have mainstream utility and value'...
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:28:46
Hah @ murderous enslavement - I'm not sure that trading our central bank overlords for early bitcoin overlords really solves that problem!
@_date: 2018-01-05 02:47:13
You're completely correct, that's quite a fair criticism!  I was going for shock value in the title, and maybe that all I had going for me was the greater fool 'chasing momentum' on the technical side.
When trading equities, I do like to use basic technical analysis like RSI and SMAs to inform timing decisions, but I like to watch the changes in the fundamentals too.  
Would be great to quantify the performance of how effectively bitcoin does 'its job', and trade on that (store of value, exchange of value).  I watch a stock's Price/Earnings ratio since earning money is the 'job' of a company, and base my 'time to buy' sometimes on dips in that etc.
The post reflects either my lack of understanding the fundamentals of bitcoin, or seeing that the fundamentals of bitcoin at the most basic level do not look good.
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:17:09
That value has to be based on some utility though - and bitcoin's utility was supposed to be as an asset that stores value effectively, or as a way to exchange value.
No doubt that it's done that so far - but pets.com (and digg.com) had a much higher 'price' at some point relative to the eventual 'value' people agreed those services provided - basically none!