@_author: kublakahhhn
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:43:36
Interesting debate here on "haven't netted anything". Surely the discussion should include the fact that other strategies would have "netted something". This is not a dig at anyone!
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:40:22
Very curious to know how everyone is feeling today after the so-called bloodbath.
@_date: 2019-08-12 18:13:56
I’m off are you taking your moon shot, son. But this should be part of a portfolio, And the portion in crypto should not be more than you can afford to completely lose.
@_date: 2017-09-04 18:18:07
You've given such a crude and blunt response, there's no way to learn or debate. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:08:03
Thank you for providing a more detailed response. I think others understood the loose application of the word here, instead of taking it as extremely literally as you've done.
Firstly, you've perhaps made the mistake of assuming I'd just throw money away at a casino; not all "bets" are foolish, some bettors are extremely calculating and successful. It might even surprise you to know that there are ways to get certain, modest returns, ways to prevent catastrophic losses, and plays that rely on skill over chance. I make these points not to signal the virtue of casino gambling, but to show the flaws in your analogy just now.
And similarly, all investments are bets, especially taken individually-- foolish, smart, cautious, etc. And every expert knows what they're talking about, until they don't. And you've perhaps put way too much faith in your own conclusions, if you think Bitcoin or any other such play is without risk. Without great risk. Brilliant minds argue many different outcomes.
I'm in bitcoin because a longtime successful financial expert is in bitcoin, and he's been kind enough to mentor me. But I'm also not buying more than I can afford to lose, because I took the whole guidance to heart. The word "bet" is merely used as a descriptor that bitcoin is a play in a very uncertain and risky realm. 
Misinterpret the word bet however you like. Mock the idea that this could all go bust some day. Maybe you're a genius who is one of a select few who knows beyond a doubt how this all plays out, and your strategy is unbeatable, and good for you, if so. I'm sure I'd love to learn all about it. I hope we are both laughing about this conversation some day, from the tops of our piles of money!
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:29:16
i"m buying because of a really respected finance guy I am lucky enough to have befriended. Could it hit the moon? Could it go bust? Absolutely! That's why you don't buy more than you can tolerate losing completely. It's a bet.