@_author: kudeta
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:54:08
@_date: 2016-04-22 21:44:22
I disagree. Competition in this networked, information-driven, digital world has often been noted to reduce the possibilities to: massive success or abject failure. 1 or 0. Think facebook (myspace) and google (yahoo). There is often little room for anything in between. This is a particularly important trend, where the utility of the service in any niche increases exponentially with linear growth of said network  (to try to encompass all of the information)! For connecting with people, facebook is useful because ~everyone uses it. And if you can't find a website on google then it might as well not exist. This is no hard and fast rule by any means, and seems to be less important where the flow of information is relatively one-directional and where utility isn't derived from size but other parameters such as quality. 
The interesting thing about currencies is that that they also face this pressure; they aren't of any use unless they can transmit information (value) to everyone in the network.
So then, either bitcoin comes to dominate, or it dies trying. And if "virtually" everyone were to use bitcoin on a day to day, or month to month basis then we have to go from ..who knows, maybe a 1million people (at most)? to a head scratching 9 billion. What would that do the price? We haven't even begun to discuss the more meta "blockchain" concepts.
I've been a bitcoin user for a looong time and still think its chances of global domination are still rather small but i'm also constantly amazed by how far it's come since the $&lt;1 days. It's growing exponentially on a network itself still experiencing exponential growth. Even if it were to fail, what a fascinating, rich experiment in economics, information and cryptography it has been! 
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:00:48
Sigh. This just isn't an accurate representation of what's been happening over the last few years. Many of the core devs have/had different ideas of what bitcoin *should become*  and the technical disagreements were secondary to those, more ideological, objectives. Since Gavin was ostensibly project lead it was incumbent upon him to push for the changes that he saw as being necessary to make bitcoin what he believes it should become (and for the most part that was simply to keep the status quo: not to let blocks get full!). 
You may not have been privy to those conversations but at least two years of private communication preceded the current "split" (XT/Core), with Gavin pushing first privately, then publicly for a consensus on how to raise the block-size limit. As i understand it, he has broadly speaking, not been terribly concerned with which BIP for increasing we implement, provided that it got the job done. 101 was just his take. and XT a reasonable way of pushing the community to take this on. It's becoming increasingly urgent.
There are broader, unresolved questions about what bitcoins future that still remain very much on the table, even once we get past the block-size debate. It's great for us to have someone like Gavin thinking about the bigger pieces of the jigsaw, instead of getting involved in the minutiae and day to day ball ache that participating on the dev mail list had become. 
Overall, i detect a softening of stances from some of the other core devs and an increasingly broad consensus, perhaps driven by the miners, companies and communities involved that the block size MUST increase, but perhaps more conservatively than XT currently proposes. 
On the whole, Gavin has done a tremendous job.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:59:31
So now the argument against implementing a block-size increase  *because* they necessitate complex hardforks is gone too. The only thing that remains are the economic (which i think has been successfully been defeated with the "changing the status quo" line) and that the network can't handle it. If we can successfully prove (model) the effect on propagation at 2, 4, 8MB blocks - what else is the in the way? 
As gavin says; why don't we just implement SegWit properly, instead of hacking our way through it and nudge the blocksize up a bit whilst we are at it. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 03:01:14
A Soft-fork that only begets a later hard-fork (two code re-writes, one messy) is *not* "complexity-costless."
Regardless, whilst i have my own opinion on what should happen, what i'm more concerned about is the way the FAQ simply blows right over it, presenting a picture of consensus that doesn't exist. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 02:41:38
Yes. And let me put it another way:
Failing to reference the pro's and con's of a segwit soft vs hard fork implementation, pointed out and argued by +[here](lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-December/011877.html) in this FAQ is not a good way to approach the community. It sanitizes the debate and conceals the broader technical implications. Was it intentional? Apologies in advance if not. 
Whilst i try not to get involved with the hyperbole and politics, i can't help but wonder about motivations of certain individuals after reading that discussion closely and then seeing this FAQ a few days later; it could certainly be seen as an attempt to force a situation in which LN is implemented before a hard-fork can occur. 
Gavin's job is to think about the broad technological roadmap of the bitcoin project. If he objects, strongly, to proposals - then consensus has certainly not be reached in my eyes, nor, i suspect, in the eyes of many. Failing to reference his concerns in these discussions really is quite outrageous. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 01:10:17
What isn't said here (why! ?) but has been pointed out by Gavin on the dev mail list, is that the soft-fork implementation of segwit introduces unnecessary and significant kludges to the code base. It won't be a pretty solution and it will eventually require a hard-fork if we want to implement it properly. 
Since the community wants and expects a hard-fork to increase block-size anyway, and there now seems to be general consensus among miners, and seemingly the devs, i still don't understand why you don't just get it over with now! That would bring the community back together into some harmony.
Technical concerns about doing such a thing are overblown. As you point out in this FAQ, test-net exists for these purposes.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:02:11
Someone posted this rather randomly in the IRC earlier today, not sure where it came from but it has a slightly different spin, have a read:
Essentially, the idea is the transaction malleability bug caused a cascading failure, leading to a loss of control of private keys of the main wallet. 
It's similar to your theory but would explain the 1) timing - why this is being discovered right now and 2) Might also hint why mark appeared so unreasonably pissed off and was attempting to blame the protocol in formal announcements.
@_date: 2015-12-23 04:19:11
Yes. And that's exactly the argument used to stop us hard-forking now... 
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:50:38
Huh, it is not so much about predicting through TA , but more of a forum for discussing market movements in general including fundamentals, politics (China) etc. Most of the sub also despises drawing pretty lines on charts. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 12:54:01
@_date: 2014-04-24 15:43:04
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:31:59
RogerVer is a well known friend of Mark and a well known supporter of Gox. Senior developers on the channel in freenode are there in the channel.
Bankruptcy is not necessarily the end, but surely a gloomy sign..
@_date: 2014-04-24 11:03:04
This isn't quite right a pretty shitty Reuters report. If you notice, it is very similar to the previous document and everything is still up in the air. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:43:55
^ this
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:13:19
before everyone starts getting tooo excite: this applies to commercial banks, it's up to them whether they pass pass it onto private individual accounts...
The problem is they haven't been lending enough to small business. This should make it a little more expensive to hold onto their money. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:46:53
This is just one hypothetical (afaik) idea about the meaning behind Mark's rather supposed mysterious statements (all is not lost yet, they aren't technically gone..or some such), which again haven't been verified.
The idea here is the that tx malleability bug and some bad programming/unfortunate strategy have conspired so mark has essentially deleted all of our coins.
Meh. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:35:49
please remove this crap
@_date: 2014-01-04 03:01:01
I find this quite bizarre: this transaction should have hit the blockchain 4 days ago. Either you have the address wrong or ... ? 
Assuming this tx has somehow not been included in the blockchain, then mtgox could in theory attempt to rebroadcast with a much higher transaction fee. The chance of mtgox ever doing that are almost 0 - but i would be seeking urgent clarification. 
Law enforcement are almost certainly not going to help you i'm afraid. I'd consider this money lost, barring a miracle. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:46:55
Should be starting in 30 minutes (18:15 GMT)
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:26:52
Yes. As i said, no idea where it came from but clearly others are thinking similar thing - what strikes me is how it accounts for mark insistently blaming the core dev for not fixing tx malleability. It meant much more of a big deal that we understood at the time. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 08:52:00
We need to rally the community around gox quickly: we do not appear to have much time. 
This is the most promising chance we have and i'd rather take a punt now that these guys can do it than let the court tear apart our assets over god knows how many years and how much cost. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 11:56:02
Thanks. I don't think many of us feel the savegox plan is a particularly good deal, but what is more, previous statements about what we were going to get made to us in private, on irc and here, have been inconsistent. Moreover, their relationship and previous dealings with Mark are murky at best. I appreciate you think this is the best option but you might help us by trying to negotiate a better % deal. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 00:07:28
making music is worth all the money in the world. good purchase
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:08:42
spot on
@_date: 2014-03-16 00:51:36
looks great, an invite would be deeply appreciated.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:04:54
After much discussion between various parties - many are coming to the conclusion that the savegox plan may be the best (if not, least worst) way to ensure whatever is left is distributed quickly, and to guarantee a full professional audit is undertaken to ascertain the status of the rest of the coins/fiat and unravel the clusterf*** formerly known as mtgox. I know the people involved are eager to get someone of your caliber involved. The community need someone we can trust to represent us and take part in this process. Care to share your thoughts? 
@_date: 2014-04-29 10:34:36
+fancy declaring your interests in gox and previous contact with the savegox folks?
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:53:46
Could i suggest that you get yourself on IRC and speak to +on the mtgox chan directly (or here..). You might have to wait a while for him to respond but i hope if he saw this he'd have something to say and have it resolved quite quickly.
Good luck
@_date: 2017-02-28 13:25:46
This isn't true, 115 "cryptographers" didn't write the segwit code; in the main a small and vocal group of programmers did, many of whom work for a single company. You know who i mean. Meanwhile, there are 3+ of the core group from the original releases who disagree with the scaling solutions as set out by the current crew of core dev's in 2015, there are probably more, i just can't name them off the top of my head. 
The issue isn't the segregated witness, per-se, but the manner in which it has been implemented (soft fork) and the overall direction of governance and economics; for example - whether we should be allowing a fee market to develop if it can be reasonably asserted that the blocksize can go up, without egregious sacrifices to node count/number/distribution (i.e. "decentralisation"). There may have been 115 contributors, but those are counted for any contribution whatsoever, include fixing typos in documents, etc. Finally, the issues here-in don't really relate to cryptography, and for the most part involve contention about network design, efficiencies and scaling, which is of course related to bitcoin cryptography, but quite distinct from it. In the main, the cryptographical underpinnings are fairly well settled, with possible enhancements to roll out more or less unopposed. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 11:54:33
I wouldn't get too excited about this:
The document is very similar to the previous one, with one or two questions edited.
Savegox et al. have been told there is more time and are working on a new plan. 
Liquidation will take an age and there is no reason work can't be undertaken concurrently to find ways of saving gox.
Having said all that it is clear the tokyo court's are not acting in the best interests of customers. The July meeting should be fun. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 07:41:39
"There's no compromise with people who want you erased from history."
What on earth are you talking about. The disagreement is about the mix of basic variables in the network (blocksize), the manner in which those variables are changed (soft and hard forks) and the politics of how these decisions are made. No one cares about your place in history, and the irony of talking such crap in a heavily and questionably moderated forum. Uh.
"fictions and lies. ... Core has hard fork increases proposed in their road map." 
They have no such thing. Come now, let me see it! The truth is that beyond segwit, bitcoin doesn't really have much of a roadmap at all. We are in a period of deep developmental stasis because the decision making process has completely stalled. Just look at the rapid rate of development amongst other coins.
From the words of the bitcoin lead maintainer: a hard fork is doable but undesirable. Fee markets are here to stay. It is from posts like these that people like me take issue with the proposed direction of bitcoin development. It is perfectly OK for us all to have disagreements, but when you start playing the victim because you haven't managed to win the debate..Meh.
"SegWit implemented as a hard fork is a political message, not a technical one."
All decisions in bitcoin have technical constraints, but are political, economic and philosophical in nature. Much of the debate is really about what people think bitcoin ought to be. And i disagree. SegWit hasn't been implemented as a hard-fork, it is the soft fork that is a political/economic message, not a technical one; it introduces unncessarily complex and ongoing compatability requirements for wallets going forward. 
Anyhow. Conversations like these are quite by the by. Soft SegWit is doomed. Your politics aren't going to win.
@_date: 2017-02-18 00:03:04
Perhaps you could equate upvotes and downvotes with real money/ether: thus, karma is earned and tradeable, regardless of its morality. Does that even the playing field?
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:29:29
Gold you say?
@_date: 2017-02-25 10:25:14
I've been posting in *this* sub practically since it's inception.
I've not only read it, but have vocally soft SegWit since it was announced.
It hasn't been activated (hence, only partially implemented). But IBLT/Weakblocks and the forecast "hard-forks" are nowhere to be seen. Where do we go from here? Do you have any idea what to expect in bitcoin 15.x?
Because we need a commitment to on-going on-chain scaling before off chain solutions. Because maximizing network throughput is of primary importance, and because soft segwit has several draw backs which all boil down to adding excess complexity to an otherwise elegant approach. I'm not sure if you've understood me entirely, - segwit is a great idea -  and I have no doubt as to the current developers talent, btw, i just disagree with the way it's being done. It's hardly a controversial opinion. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 10:57:40
We just disagree - which is OK. But please cease with the flame, immature and totally unnecessary.
In the end, soft segwit just won't be activated. There really isn't much else to it. Back to the drawing board.
@_date: 2017-02-25 06:43:37
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:23:39
Not a bad proposal for the future anyway, but it is confusing the agenda; max block size will eventually have to increase, regardless of any short term fix, so we will end up doing both. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:59:16
meme? 
I respect your work very much, but i don't think congratulating yourself on not wanting to change anything that you've done is at all the point here.
Perhaps my language was a little loose, but when i refer to segwit i'm talking about the entire basket of changes that come up under that release. 
I assume you also mean that you've move the witness were it a hard fork. Now we may be talking about subtleties, but the resultant implications for governance, economics and how decisions are made and communicated with the entire community have been profound. 
And the question, at the end of it all, is if you see no distinction between the two, why not just support a hard-fork in the first place - it would have cleared up most of this mess from the get go. Or would it? There would have led to calls for the block size "proper" to be increased, and then the entire structure of the witness discount would have been up for debate.
Either way, communication has degenerated to the point where we now have a group over at that implicitly distrust the blockstream dev's involved in bitcoin core, and would rather let users decide what the block-size should be. I, like you, have my &lt;strong&gt; doubts as to competence of it's current implementation, but the idea isn't so easily sniffed at having watched what has happened here over the last couple of years.
@_date: 2014-06-03 11:50:43
This is a silly comment, it's not in the interests of GHASH or any other mining conglomerate to go above &gt; 40% either, it takes trust out of the system and devalues the coin they are working so hard to calculate. 
So, they need to sort it out, yes, by refusing to go above the limit. However, the only real threat to bitcoin now that the network is so powerful, is a nefarious actor the size of the EU, Chinese or US govs, who would probably use legislation to get their point across anyway. 
I guess it is possible that a big 3rd party actor could do the same, at exorbitant cost. I'm not sure how beneficial it would be though. Sure it would destabilize us for a while and send the price crashing, but once it was detected there are various countermeasures that could be taken to mitigate such an attack - the tech would survive. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:10:23
I think uncompressed keys just add redundancy? An EC public key is actually really a coordinate, a pair of numbers (x, y) that can be calculated from each other.. therefore you have two public keys. Compressed keys just requires the extra step of calculating one from the other..i'm afraid it won't have any bearing on your quantum computer.  
@_date: 2017-02-25 08:15:04
You mean this roadmap? 
Yeah, it was written in 2015; and it's central plank - segwit as a softfork - is withering away at 25% support with absolutely no danger of activation. 
Do you happen to know of any other roadmaps? I don't see any.
Scams? What, because they aren't bitcoin? Your zealotry - all too prevalent here - is desperately disappointing. Any alt that can outscale and out perform bitcoin deserves - and will have - its place. If bitcoin continues to confine itself to digital gold, that leaves digital cash, micro transactions, scalable blockchains, anonymity and smart contracts amongst a whole load of other technical improvements and possibilities. Is your position that if bitcoin doesn't implement them then they shouldn't exist? 
"That's not the problem, the problem is attacks from political people against technical people."
No such division of people exists.
"Throw another Bitcoin obituary on the pile. "
Quite the opposite. The failure of soft SegWit will - in the end -  be a shot of vital adrenaline in the development community and lead to the end of current political crisis.
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:57:52
The problem for them is that if they did it, pressure would be immediately applied to re-write segwit as a hard-fork (which is significantly cleaner) - the justification thus far has been that hard-forking is too hard; backing down from that now would be a major volte face.
Of course, as more alt-coins manage to do it without too much drama, the justification looks increasingly unreasonable anyway. 
@_date: 2017-02-17 22:42:14
What's the solution to prevent this kind of thing - and can blockchains help?
@_date: 2017-02-25 06:42:56
No. The other side have legitimate concerns and a different take. All those (in both camps) who sling mud, shout "war", and play victim only further entrench the two positions.
A desire to hardfork to a larger block size, increase network capacity and lessen fees, as well as wanting segwit to be implemented properly (as a hard fork) are hardly conspiracies theorists or propaganda agents.
You make think that's incorrect, yet when when soft segwit finally falls to be activated one can only hope that this side will realise that it's time for some compromise.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:52:06
I'm a big fan of both; but does akasha actually solve the problem, and how? 
@_date: 2017-02-25 09:58:18
There is no such thing as immutability (at least, not in bitcoin or other traditional PoW as implemented); just a mechanism of consensus that decides which chain is the "right" one. 
Of course you can have a roadmap, and every other software in the history of software project has had one. The failure to develop such a thing isn't the failure of decentralization, it's a failure of leadership and community debate. 
@_date: 2017-02-18 15:14:12
Sorry for your trouble. Londoner too.
Increasingly we need professional escrow, there must be somewhere in London that can do this?
I suppose one thing you could have done was demand a passport scan before the trade was done - the girl in this case - and refuse to trade if the person in the photo doesn't turn up.
These bozos probably think Bitcoin is inherently illegal and that you are afraid to go to the law. I wonder if you and the police couldn't have offered an address to use so he could "come and give you the money" (lol).
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:57:45
Ignorant, hostile, and totally incorrect all at once. Nice. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 09:28:40
I'd like to see an actual, realistic development roadmap, which i've said now several times and which led us down this little avenue of thinking. I was hoping you'd provide a link that might describe such a thing. But of course, there just isn't in one. What we have is two year old document that has been partially implemented, with not much sign of success, and a deeply divided community. 
What i personally prefer is quite irrelevant: a hardfork to a technically feasible blocksize, bearing in mind the important and quite reasonable tradeoffs between centralization and scaling - as set out by many others, include sazbo and yourself, which are entirely reasonable concerns. At the same time i'd like to see segwit re-written as a hard-fork, and set to activate at X timeframe after securing a sensible % vote (95% is plainly crazy).
But i'm not really concerned about what i want, so much as trying to find a sensible compromise that both "sides" (a gross over simplification) - or a node and miner majority - can get behind.
What we also need is some development leadership, and a sustained attempt by the various factions to get behind the same compromise solution.
As for right now and soft segwit, the people that really matter are the miners. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 10:27:59
You don't make any sense, friend. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 10:16:16
It really doesn't matter if it's highly appreciated. It's a myth, at least on this chain. There are a technically solutions which we could implement that would get closer to making bitcoin truly fungible, and i'd be in favor, but the same toxic atmosphere that stops any progress on scaling unfortunately also has ramifications for other these exciting possibilities.
By the way, i've been posting here far longer than you (practically since inception) and i have no intention of going anywhere.
Nonsense. Define decentralization. And if you really think that then you probably disagree with revoking gavin's commit rights on github, or the very notion of a "lead maintainer." 
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:35:43
If you can't engage in debate without reverting to abuse then i have no real interest in what you have to say, friend. Where there is room for opinion, i disagree with yours, that's really the end of it. (Btw, i was gilded for that comment you took such offense to.)
@_date: 2017-02-04 17:11:36
Not quite accurate: Gavin came out in favor of the concept, but like many over on the other side, thought it would be more elegant as a hard fork (and then why not also have concomitant block size increase)
@_date: 2017-03-05 21:48:17
Nonsense. We've had 8 years of rapid global bandwidth and hardware growth while the blocksize has remained at 1MB. Please, define decentralisation and tell me at what magic number does it die? What we need to maintain health is a reasonably diverse set of node operators spaced around globally. On-chain scaling helps businesses that do on chain transactions grow, and in the future it will be those businesses, that we will rely on completely for "decentralisation". As we saturate the blockchain, it will be those same businesses that need us to improve transaction throughput. While small quantity transfers may be OK off chain, high value transfers necessitate finality, and will not be popular on the LN.
If anything, off chain scaling does little to incentivize new node operators and makes this wonderful decentralisation you talk about worse.
But your argument makes even less sense if you actually support soft segwit, which as currently constituted implements a ~2x (1.7MB) blocksize increase, and by your own accounts "kills decentralization and weakens bitcoin's unique value proposition as censorship resistant value transfer." . The only realistic compromise is to start coming up with numbers that properly show the consequences of 2MB/4MB/8MB blocks.
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:03:10
Mods, seriously?
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:16:52
The compromise solution now is obviously a hardfork to xMB with segwit. Get rid of the witness discount entirely and thereby allow an immediate in increase in transaction volume.
@_date: 2017-02-25 08:54:43
Hardforks were always a near certainty to any level headed analysis of bitcoins future. The question is when, and to what end. And, "we do expect to make hardforks in the future" is *not* a roadmap to *anything.* It's hand wavy crap that has nothing to address the concerns of the other side. And it's two years old. Nothing has happened to further that supposed goal since. Nada. Zilch. Even discussion about the parameters of such a move are forbidden from discussion in this sub. 
I'm afraid, whether you like it or not, that my position speaks for the majority. Soft segwit has struggled to get 25% support, it has absolutely no chance of making 95%.
 
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:50:04
And so it goes.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:47:42


That is not the conclusion that he, or anyone else, is coming to. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:19:53
Please define valid.
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:57:31
The spin in here is unreal. BU simply patched it and submitted before publishing code, in an effort to prevent attacks and allow a window for everyone to upgrade. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 09:12:59
Just so wrong.
Ethereum: still gpu mined. Had multiple working implementations with serious market share. Already had a lightning in network (called raise ).
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:01:14
Oh and just to add, if you want to quote me, do it properly and at least attempt to square the obvious holes in your own logic before talking about others in such terms. One can only hope the mods around here might eventually start curtailing this abusive (and fallacious) nonsense.
@_date: 2017-03-08 15:42:09
This is wrong, and short sighted, if we want miners to be viable sans coinbase reward, what we need is the maximum transaction volume, given some minimum acceptable level of decentralisation (however one defines it). More transaction per second == more fees, while minimising individual transaction costs. 
In other words, fee pressure should be secondary to scaling. And that is about the nub of the rational component of the current disagreement we find ourselves embroiled in.
The market will find an equilibrium, regardless of our actions. I'd rather make that market bigger.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:13:20
Except of course, if you were running the same version of bitcoin since 0.1 you'd have departed the current chain aeons ago. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:32:54
I respect that idea, but segwit has no chance of being activated, so we'll get stuck at  It's time for fresh code.
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:47:40
Describing people as "assclowns" and language in this vein in general - *needs to stop* - who exactly do you think you are?
Secondly, of course miners are concerned about income. Their support does not come for free, and they have to be viable.
Thirdly, it's a very complicated discussion. In the short term, BU or any other hardfork proposal actually lowers fees for miners.
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:38:04
In fairness, there is no right way to do *anything,* all we have are choices.
Ont he other hand, i'm entirely in favour of larger blocks and, like many others, am inpatient to see progress.
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:00:48
Nonsense. Like all rational people, his views evolved over time as blocks became fuller and the technical options were elucidated. All of the core devs are in positions of power, which inevitable means politics.
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:23:31
Of course, don't let Bitcoin work as intended, or those that spend a vast sum securing the network, their legitimate voice, that would be totally unreasonable. 
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:31:16
The truth is, no matter what the proposal, during any kind of hard fork, there will be two coins left a the end of the day. Much like Ethereum, i'd expect development and business to focus on just one of those, with a tiny hardcore left on the other chain. That is just the nature of blockchains, we should suck it up and move forward.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:37:52
Btw, just so we are clear, again: soft segwit has no hope in hell at being activated. There is a significant minority (growing) that won't have it.
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:19:55
Pools of smaller miners are going to miraculously and instantaneously appear, meanwhile, node operators are going to sit idly as blocktimes grow to in excess of an hour and fees skyrocket. At the same time, all the big exchanges and businesses are going to happily watch on as they are rendered paralysed by the chaos. This sub will declare anything that isn't sanctioned by Peter Todd (etc.) an alt coin. 
Yeah...Sure thing!
Oh, and I diversified my interests in the blockchain space some time ago. It is only in this sub that you encounter exactly your kind of weird idolatry and fanaticism that holds Bitcoin in such adoring light despite the obvious and fundamental problems that posts like these discuss. 
In the future I'm going to deeply enjoy taunting the likes of you with the reality, once this is all said and done.
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:05:11
I don't think transactions that aren't eventually reconciled on the block chain can be called second layer. I'd suggest they were entirely off chain, as you then point out.
Everyone knows and agrees that segwit fixes important stuff, but the arguements here are quite separate, having less to with technology, and far more with politics.
@_date: 2017-03-05 23:08:18
Dude, i've been here far longer than you - far longer than most. And i don't know best, but i do know better, i've had 6 or 7 years to form these opinions. I'm not getting involved in a flame war, it's not worth my time. You're entitled to your opinion but your understanding of the situation and your reading of my comments was superficial.
I don't doubt that segwit holds many benefits, and generally speaking it should be implemented. As a hard-fork. With a proper blocksize increase. Perhaps i hadn't made that clear enough, friend. Understand, soft segwit is doomed, and we are going to have to find a compromise. Really, let me repeat that: soft segwit will never be activated. The only way forward is a hardfork that includes a blocksize increase with segwit.
As for the rest; well it isn't really worth deconstructing. It's important to note that the consequence of all those HODLers is that the "immediate" benefits you alluded to, that are of concern to me (blocksize) will take many many moons to achieve. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:52:35
UASF has no hope in hell of ever being agreed upon; it would split the current core dev posse down the middle, if it ever made it that far in serious debate.
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:30:46
I'm amazed that the readers of this sub think that this is a death notice for Bitcoin unlimited, if anything it's a major coup for them. Listing both in the event of a hardfork will allow competition to decide who wins, and addresses concerns that a fork would simply be ignored.
The article doesn't need to state that the the "winner" will be termed btc, that is just inevitable.
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:02:55
well said
@_date: 2017-03-05 21:24:12
I disagree with you, on almost all accounts. Firstly, as i explain elsewhere: if we agree a hardfork, there is no need for a discounted witness, and a clean blocksize number can be agreed. 4MB seems reasonable.
Major wallet providers may have implemented segwit, but most BTC owners HODL, and it will take years upon years to convert old addresses into the new format.
As for decentralization, well, it can be measured in all manner of ways, and bitcoin already fails in many of them. Clinging onto projected node numbers for a 1.5 year old report makes little sense. All in all, what we want is distributed ownership of nodes spread globally, be that in someones house or in a data centre. More transaction throughput will help businesses using bitcoin grow, and it is the vested interests that are going to really support bitcoin and node numbers in the future. 
We could talk about the centralisation of development and the current mining dilemmas to have a really interesting conversation about it, but this insistence on node numbers is not really the most valuable measure, and if you cling to it, as per Luke-JR, the only obvious solution is to (somehow) ban SPV wallets and/or reduce the blocksize. 
As for a number to choose for the blocksize, supposing a hypothetical fork was agreed. 4MB doesn't seem that far-out. 8MB may even be doable. What we really need is some sensible current data that projects the minimum bandwidth and hard drive requirements for both options. Global bandwidth and computer specs  are still growing at a blistering rate, and have been for the almost ten years that bitcoin has been running at 1MB. Whatever we choose, if north of 2MB, we will have at least a couple of years before we even get close to filling up blocks. 
In the end, these debates are futile. Soft-fork segwit is failing and will fail to gain the support required. There are some technical reasons, but as much of it is politics. What we need now is sensible compromise and olive branches all around. There is some irony, at least to me, in that if somehow soft-segwit were to pass and the LN got up and running, we would very quickly need to increase the block-size anyway. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 08:49:16
I guess CloudFare needn't keep that coin... it could be returned (minus a fraction) once the access had terminated. In effect, cloudfare would be the escrow for a "polite" transaction between you and the website. Røll on microtransactions..
Only issue i see with this is the potential for linking the digital identity with a long list of potentially very sensitive web activity. Could this be mitigated by cloudfare actively discarding any logs? I guess it wouldn't be necessary for the identity to be persistent
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:44:20
Christ the obvious solution here is to win back miner support by going for a hardfork with 75%, and a small block size increase - with segwit. How on earth can any of the options above be considered preferable or less risky than that? 
I appreciate that loosing the argument is a bitter pill to swallow, but compromise is the order of the day here!!
@_date: 2017-03-14 06:37:24
Experience of hardforks on other coins, including the ethereum DAO debacle suggests that this is a zero sum game. We are very very unlikely to end up in a situation where two competing Bitcoin chains survive. 
And no, 4x is the adjustment limit, but if within the same difficulty period, 90%+ of the hashpower leaves, new blocks would only appear every 100minutes, on average. That means that it would take ten times as long until the next adjustment, too. So you see, the loser is very unlikely to survive, because anyone trying to make transactions will inevitably switch over to the chain that actually works, along with any remaining mining power. Businesses will also have to "choose."
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:22:44
There is currently very little difference between a soft-fork and hard-fork.
Blocksize is negotiable: and should only be raised after a competent study that might give us an idea of the relative trade off between size and node count, in 2017.
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:32:34
And i respect your choice, but it wouldn't matter. You wouldn't have anywhere to spend core-coin (perhaps a couple of exchanges getting in on the action), and your BU-coins would be sitting there waiting for your acceptance. 
I've been through exactly this with Ethereum, and it is remarkable how quickly economic consensus converges onto the winning side. Minus 75% (likely more, in the end) of the hash rate, any branch of bitcoin is really doomed. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:22:50
Do you really think that if 75% of the hash rate declares for BU, the majority of nodes are just going to sit there and do nothing? It would wreak havok and not be in their economic interests, let alone the consequences for block discovery times. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:05:05
There are very few who would seriously get in the way of the concept shutting down malleability, and i'd like to see you providde the evidence. It's the rest of the change it's bundled with up that *the other sub* object to. And core currently have 78% node support because most simply sudo apt-get upgrade.
It's time to get the miners on board by coming to a negotiated compromise that involves a segwit hardfork, with proper block size increase. The current approach is already doomed.  
@_date: 2017-03-15 11:09:10
No. Soft-segwit really is doomed. Better we all aknowledge that and move on to find a compromise.
Bitcoin Unlimited is a noble idea, with some way to go towards work. In the meantime, we need a compromise hard-fork with segwit and proper block-size increase. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:02:23
There really is no tangible thing that *is* bitcoin, its just a term we use to apply to a specific version of the blockchain. It would seem reasonable to call the longest chain, with the most hashpower AND users behind it, bitcoin. But many will disagree. 
This is all academic. There would - at least for a while - be two *bitcoins*. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:39:22
Oh come off it.
You've been a central developer over the past, 8(?) years and lead a faction that see Bitcoin scaling in a very particular way. It is of course entirely reasonable for you to have strongly held and well intended views on the matter, as it is equally reasonable for others to disagree.
But your now rather vocally supporting a very wild hard-fork of POW in order to prevent a vastly less contentious or risky hard block size increase from happening.
Politics is rife here, there is no getting away from that. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:31:19
Most of the problem is people. It's all politics and economics, expressed through a techno lens.   
*  Should we increase the blocksize: is a fee market important and appropriate right now.  
*  Should miners be in charge of blocksize: do miners have too much power already?   
*  Should we hard-fork or soft-fork segwit: who is in control?  
*  Are fees too high: is bitcoin digital gold or digital cash?  
Bitcoin will certainly survive, but as it fails to evolve it may solidify it's reputation as digital *gold*, as the expense of digital *cash*, smart-contracts and microtransactions.
The solution, as ever in politics, is compromise. We need HF segwit, and a modest "proper" blocksize increase (2MB or 4MB) - forgoing the discounted witness.
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:46:24
Ah, thieflar, how's it going?
His language is abusive and isn't worthy of serious engagement. There is an awful lot of opinion and politicking, misrepresented as somehow being truth over here. Blocksize, fee pressure, control - these are not zero sum games but sliding scales. I've said it enough but compromise is the only way forward. In the end, I'm confident in, and stand by own comments.
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:29:32
That isn't my understanding:
""The entire hard fork process should be broken down into three stages. The first stage is the miner signalling period. Once an entire difficulty period has passed with ≥75% hashrate signalling for Bitcoin Unlimited, we may proceed to the next step. The second stage is the preparation phase, which should last for two difficulty adjustment periods, giving the community time to upgrade their software to be in consensus with the impending hard fork. Should either of these two difficulty adjustment periods fail to meet the ≥75% signalling requirement, we revert back to the first stage. The third stage is the implementation stage, in which the hard fork actually occurs.""
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:06:39
The solution to this fracas has always been compromise: if we agreed a hardfork + segwit, with a "proper" blocksize increase, most of this noise would go away. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 05:44:12
This doesn't make sense, BU can't activate until it already has 75%, and the overwhelming economic incentive to unite on one chain means the vast majority of the remaining minority would like switch pretty quickly too.
If that happens, the "core" chain is utterly doomed, block discovery would take 10x+ as long.
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:53:02


Ethereum's hardforks weren't very dangerous. And this notion of immutable blockchains is an oxymoron we need to kill. There is nothing wrong, in-fact there is everything inherently honest about accepting that blockchains are a process of democratic consensus making. Ethereum is it's now approaching it's own ATH, and look at the progress there, we should be envious at the myriad technologies being developed on it's chain. PoS has the potential for truly democratic scaling. Sharding will blow VISA out of the water, and their equivalent to the LN is reaching deployment readiness. Ethereum classic is all but dead; and 40-some ICOs have launched on Ethereum (propper). Further: taking Ethereum as the example, even in context of a contentious (which is probably a better word than dangerous) hardfork, once the main chain had clearly "won" all those sitting on the classic side came back extraordinarily quickly; there is an overwhelming economic incentive to stay together. If anything, Ethereum is a story of an rather successful hardfork in very difficult circumstances. I dont doubt the same would happen with bitcoin.
And while ethereum expands we sit here in endless cycles of debate about a simple block size increase. In not being prepared to accept so called "dangerous" hardforks, we are now in a kinda of terminal stasis; bitcoin may retain it's value as digital gold, but miss out on all the possibilities of digital cash, micropayments, smart contracts and all the other cool stuff. Perhaps that is OK and a reasonable place to be. But if we stay like this transaction fees are going to grow to the point where it isn't terribly useful except for high value trades.
Finally, i think it is worth remembering how experimental bitcoin is, and it should be. To heck with the price for now!




Can you name those complications? The only thing that will happen is old nodes and miners will be thrown off the current chain and languish on the old. The code is almost identical. I agree with you about the benefits of segwit, in totality, this is much as much a debate about governance, economics and a proper scaling plan going forward. Thrown in to that mix are quite legitimate concerns about the way developers (on both sides of the debate) have been treated: Gavin being the prime example, and then the somewhat questionable moderation in this forum. 




The numbers of nodes are decreasing because there is no baked-in incentive for node deployment (which is a tricky technical challenge), combined,as you say, with the availability of SPV wallets. But this was predicted since the beginning, indeed satoshi talked about it from day 0. If we want more nodes, we need more valuable businesses with vested interests. Sure, if we increase the block-size we may end up with a more data-centre focused distribution of nodes overall, but broadband and datacentres are still expanding logarithmically worldwide (the progress in the last 8 years has been nothing short of eye watering) - it's a judgement call and a balancing act, but IMHO, provided those nodes are controlled and operated by independent actors, this isn't such a big deal. I'm no expert on CPUs, but i think AMD might have something to say about Moore's law, competition is helpful. Anyway, hard drive capacity and bandwidth (the two really important variables for bitcoin) are still growing at blistering speeds. 
No more time to answer your other points - i hope that helps.
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:40:07
BU is currently unpalatable to the devs. But that as much about humans and politics than technicals. The longer we go on in stasis, imho, the more sense it makes to find a way towards a consensus based approach to the blocksize, provided a competent technical solution emerges. The jury is out on whether the current implementations meet that criteria, but were some of the core-devs to be brought around i'd imagine they would find an awful lot wrong with it first. 
@_date: 2016-03-12 18:09:15
Thanks for this,
Most valuable.
@_date: 2017-03-07 22:30:55
Dear core devs:
I post a lot in this sub. For the most part i'm behind the BU efforts - in general - because the lack of a solution to the block size quandary has left me deeply skeptical of the current development efforts. 
None the less, a voting based block-size consensus mechanism is a distant dream, and we need urgent action, now. 
Segwit is interesting, clever, and fixes a significant number of important problems. 
Compromise is the way forward: a hard-fork to an increased blocksize "proper," (2-4MB) with segwit would be a wonderful step in the right direction. 
I'm sure you know as well as I do; soft-segwit is already doomed to failure. You will not ever reach 95%, as things stand.
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:58:30
You clearly have little understanding of the stakes here. Without their petahases of asics, Bitcoin isn't really worth anything. What else distinguishes it, beyond being first? There are already significantly more advanced technologies in the block chain space that would just love some of the action.
The unfortunate reality (for you) is that unless they are kept on side, it is you who will be following them, along with the rest of the network and I'd expect to see significant compromise in the coming months, or Bitcoin itself really is doomed.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:08:46
Lol - the statement was manipulated.
@_date: 2017-03-20 13:01:59
In the context of a bitter hard-fork, if a reasonable block size increase will get everybody playing on the same team, it most definitely makes sense. As most soft-segwit supporters already believe that it will bring 2MB blocks anyway, i can't really see any argument against it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 21:09:20
You're totally right, and compromise is the way forward with a hardfork that implements most of the segwit code  consensus. In the end, i think if a hardfork is agreed, there will be no need to discount the witness and a clean block size total will probably be agreed: ideally at least 4MB, which we need real world data for (testnet) but seems totally realistic given growth in global bandwidth, hard-drive space and general computing power. 2MB if there is too much complaining (but this won't satisfy for long) This will inevitably mean some nodes at the far reaches of the world fall off. Sorry, luke-Jr.
Sorry you have to deal with all the BS, i know the pain.
@_date: 2017-03-05 20:57:29
try @_date: 2017-03-07 13:21:43
So, Peter; the "real" bitcoin is defined by the one that you support? Is that really your position?
It is no wonder that things have gotten to this point when core developers don't even respect the consensus mechanism of the system that they work in. You know, that rule that says the longest chain wins? Do you really imagine a split would happen as you describe, above? The moment there is any danger of a BU hard-fork, nodes, businesses and operators will switch over in droves.
Hey, why don't we do away with mining completely and let you release blocks as and when you see fit, you could do it as part of a team (call it, "core"), and when you think fees have gotten too low you or there are too many Txs for luke-Jr 56k modem to handle, you could just block the stream. 
Seriously, though: it's time for some level headed compromise on hard-forks and blocksizes. Every day that you dither on soft-segwit you only reinforce the idea that perhaps you and your merry bunch shouldn't be making important contributions anymore, and that maybe just maybe a voting consensus based blocksize might be a good avenue to explore.
In the end, I think i speak for a quiet majority that wishes you'd just agree a reasonable "proper" blocksize increase, get rid of the discounted witness and hard-fork with segwit. There may be too much water under the bridge now; but this is your shit and your going to have to sit in it. When soft segwit finally fails the whole bunch of current core-devs will be out on their ear, so at least for the sake of self preservation, do *something*, man. 
Edit: typos.
To add: to those that seriously think soft segwitness will suddenly come to fruition somewhere down the line and is just taking a bit of time - you need to get real. Long gone are the days of one man pool operators, these are well staffed, professional organizations that could update their mining software in the blink of the eye, if it came to it. They have roundly rejected the proposal on the table. The obstinacy of *some* of the current developers is just unreal, they had an argument and they lost, we should move on and find compromise. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 05:49:43
The hypocrisy here!
Gavin is explaining avenues of hypothetical attack that would force a settling of consensus. I see nothing terribly wrong with that. 
Yet core devs openly promote active exploits against live code that is crashing severs, and you guys are signing their praises?
How far we have come.
@_date: 2017-03-07 14:12:53
In reference to segwit; the code for HF vs SF is almost negligible. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:06:11
Tell that to current core devs promoting irresponsible disclosure and linking live exploit code on twitter.
@_date: 2017-03-01 01:36:43
If you'd like to name the 115 cryptographers then please do, but if you haven't written code for segwit I'd say it was reasonable to assert you hadn't contributed to it.
Satoshi Nakamoto (who's views on the blocksize were abundantly clear), Gavin A, Jeff G, Mike H, just to begin, there are a few more in there that were less central involved at the beginning. 
What are these many reasons??  The segwit soft and hardfork code are almost identical, in fact a hardfork would be slightly cleaner because the witness would be moved, and we'd probably end up not discounting it, and increase the block size proper. Much of what remains concerns the governance and politics I've already set out. There just aren't any right and wrongs here and it's perfectly OK to disagree, but for god sakes let's be a bit a nicer to one another.
If your concerned apriori about decentralisation with a larger block size then you should be perhaps be consistent and say your against segwit too, since that is what is at stake. A hardfork to 2MB without a discounted witness would be just about the same thing, without all the complications.
 
Personally, I think we need to come to a consensus about what decentralisation actually means in Bitcoin land, because there are numerous ways to define it. A cabal of developers working under one ideology (and many for one company) is hardly decentralised. What about mining, too? Both of these have currently unpalatable but none the less realistic fixes, we just never talk about it.
When it comes to nodes, I think it's clear that in the 8 years since inception, broadband and hardware prices have been slashed/improved enough to allow a modest (probability 4MB) increase in blocksize without overt repercussions, beyond sacrificing a few struggling on the edge of civilisation (like Luke-Jr). At some point, if we want Bitcoin to scale, we are going to have to be realistic.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:09:40
This is politics first (what *is* and what *should* bitcoin be), science second: (how do we do that). 
Science rarely reveals concrete solutions anyway; all we have are choices and trade offs.
Your pi metaphor is really quite by the by. And if it isn't, then do please tell me how to solve the formula so that consensus = 100%, because after-all, it's finding sufficient consensus to do anything that seems to be the current problem.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:10:15
I mean i agree with much of what you say; but realistically, BU needs a whole ton more work before a technically competent solution is realized. In the meantime everyone needs to climb down a bit and realize that bitcoin REALLY REALLY needs room to grow, and wasting all this time on the merits of soft and hard forks is ridiculous. I propose only the most sensible compromise as i see it, and each "side" would have to eat a bit of dust.  
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:38:26
But that doesn't change where we are: the miners do not trust the core devs, and need compromise to get back on board.
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:33:55
 Of course, all the "truths" you speak are english translations of algorithms that have various caveats attached, and more caveats when changed. Part of the problem we repeatedly face is here, is people seem to think there are such things as "right" or "wrong" when it comes to making decisions. The current core-devs are particularly vicious proponents of this system of binary truth.
I can't help but agree with most of what you say except for 2: "Of course miners should be in charge of the blocksize and everything of the bitcoin system according to satoshi nakamoto himself" - of course miners may decide to create larger blocks, but nodes do not have to validate them. 
Fees are most certainly too high and we should be aiming to increase the blocksize as MUCH AS POSSIBLE provided that (insert magic number ? &gt;80%) of the current nodes are capable of handling it. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:36:24
Segwit, as currently expressed (soft fork with the segregated witness thingy) is anything but the compromise that was or is still needed, and it is naive to think it would have ever garnered 95% support, considering the mining communities deep antipathy expressed before it was even finished. 
The core devs are on the line here for bringing us to this point without accepting compromise was necessary, given the power structures at play, and for pushing those with dissenting opinions on the development side, out (gavin, jeff, hey - perhaps even mike). 
BU is a pragmatic though most certainly immature line of thinking and approach to further development, if hardforks are decreed a non-starter. 
Also realise: blocksizes, scaling, the very meaning of "decentralisation" and the possible upgrade paths are all a balancing act involving a huge number of unknowns. Many of those are not quantifiable, and in the end, entirely subjective. Quite simply, despite protestations from both sides, no one is "right". I'm thinking, in particular about the very limited work on a decentralisation vs blocksize analysis. As far as i can tell, there is no *current* work that really lays out the cost of 2 vs 4 vs 6 etc MB blocks, in node number and distribution. 
As things stand we enter a period of stasis, where neither side can quite kill the other. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 06:49:33
I'm not sure what point you are making with all of that?
I'm heavily involved with ethereum. All (bar none) development takes place on the main chain. ETC is all but dead.
Votes for supporting one chain or the other matter little, compared to the overwhelming incentive to be on the "right" chain. If a super majority vote one way, the rest are going to follow. I'm not sure how else to put it. 
100minutes is aeons if you can do it in 10minutes on the other chain.
@_date: 2017-03-13 06:53:59
To all those that were warning of the risks of a hard fork: supporting this would be a volte face of the most extreme kind.
The sensible option is to get the miners on board is a straight hardfork to 2 or 4MB, with the segwit changes. I'm fairly certain the majority of &lt;the other sub&gt; would go for that.
This risks splitting Bitcoin right down and the middle, and implementing it would be an act of deep self harm. Whether you like it or not, miners = security = value.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:01:12
My operation, huh? UASF fails at the first hurdle: it would be trivial to start spoofing nodes running X version (of a hypothetical USAF-core release), forcing the UASF chain away from the main. It won't be adopted because it doesn't make much sense. But good luck with it.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:06:48
@_date: 2017-03-29 20:15:44
Exactly this. If the miners decide a larger/elastic blocksize is to their economic benefit, then so be it.
@_date: 2017-03-14 05:27:44
Your talking absolute nonsense, and shame on you for it. There is nothing stopping any supermajority from changing any aspect of Bitcoin by voting for it.
@_date: 2017-03-17 15:56:01
Compromise is obviously necessary now, and the intransigence of the current developers is the real obstacle; they hold so much power and have wielded it so poorly. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 20:52:24
Have any of you been here long enough to remember that bitcoin, too, went through its growing pains? I remember hard-forks hastily organized in the middle of the night - in response to bugs and, in order to save consensus and keep the network running smoothly. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 00:46:01
It's most certainly true that the current mining situation is an existential threat to bitcoin. The question for a while, was whether that was a temporary anomaly or the status quo, and since it seems the latter is clearly true i personally think changing PoW to a (more) centralization resistant schema is even more important that a blocksize increase. We should have been talking about this first. 
ASIC mining is simply always cheaper in countries like China, where manufacturing processes exist in abudance, and labour + electricity are cheap. 
Compromise to please all would include:
Hard SW
New PoW
@_date: 2017-03-13 09:49:27
Exactly this.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:45:24
@_date: 2016-06-17 21:33:23
I disagree. 
It may well be a bug in the dao code, but the result is 15% of the currency is on the line here.
The situation with gox is not at all comparable, we didn't - and still don't - know if any coins were stolen at all, or if MagicalTux decided to snarf them all in an epic gamble on the future of bitcoins price. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 20:53:58
None of you have been here long enough to remember that bitcoin, too, went through its growing pains. I remember hard-forks hastily organized in the middle of the night in order to save consensus and keep the network running smoothly. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 12:42:58
For those less technically versed.
Trading doesn't need to stop on exchanges/generally. The "stolen" ether can't be spent or moved until July 14 (it has been moved into a smart contact that can't be spent until then), so there is no reason the network can't continue to transact, with the potential for a hard-fork to mitigate this attack by blacklisting/moving coins at this address. I stand to lose a small amount in this fiasco (£1000). I appreciate some will think a hard-fork is wrong, and despite my potential loss here i'm on the fence about it. I guess, provided there is a decentralized consensus - that the devs don't force it through - then it will be the right thing to do. We're talking about $200million here.
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:18:43
Miners have that power, and are expressing it! That's the whole deal with a nakamoto consensus.
@_date: 2017-01-27 18:02:45
No, when SPV wallets like electrum appeared, the number of full nodes rapidly nose-dived. It's not reasonably to say that this was because of cost alone: time and convenience are both important. 
@_date: 2016-11-06 23:03:00
WE HATE ETHEREUM
YAY RSK
wtf? Christ this sub. 
@_date: 2016-11-06 16:48:53
How could you possibly judge if you aren't.
@_date: 2016-11-24 23:45:59
We need to contain this premature fee market before it gets out of control.
This is the key line, understand: for a hardcore of the devs, in particular, Wladimir van der Laan (lead maintainer), pressure in the fee market is the main goal, and the block size debate is of secondary importance ("I do not doubt a block size increase will *work*"). One argument used to defend this approach is that "it will eventually have to happen - why kick the can down the road." The answer is obvious: if the total capacity of the network increases, the cost of individual transactions decreases! Bigger network. More transactions. More useful. Another objection is that increasing the block-size, now, :"changes the economics of the system." Again, the answer is obvious: those of us that signed up for bitcoin in 2009 expected capacity to increase, this is the vision we were sold on! Not doing is the very change in the dynamics that you apparently so vehemently oppose! 
To me the current approach is absolutely insane. Why hold capacity down to what it was capable of nearly decade ago, when *all* of the key metrics that are important for the networks overall capacity have radically improved, globally (CPU, HD, Bandwidth, global connectivity, - hell - even latency). If this is a balance between "decentralization" and "performance" - we can certainly afford to trade a little of the former for the latter. And of course, these metrics will continue to improve. 
Conservative increases in the block-size are not only almost certainly theoretically possible, but as the hard-forks of other networks have shown - they are not nearly as complicated as one might imagine. 
Let us hope that the failure of segwit beckons a significant shift in the development community. The essence of segwit itself remains an important idea, but if is to be implemented and activated it really must be complemented by a hard-fork that increases the blocksize. 
Gavin was many things, but he was definitely a leader. There is currently no clear vision at the heart of bitcoin and development is ponderously lacking. The first and key step is for the devs to concede on the notion of the fee market,  now, and to just let us actually use our goddamn coins without these ridiculous backlogs. 
We also desperately need to come to a consensus about what decentralisation *is* when it comes to bitcoin (is it number of nodes, cost of operating a node, geospatial distribution of said nodes - a function of all three? More?) and what level of this decentralization we actually desire.
@_date: 2016-11-06 23:04:28
You talk with such hubris.
I can easily reference: 
And whole load of other examples of research, that suggest without much doubt that we can reasonably increase the block-size to, perhaps, 4MB, without real concern, from a capacitance persperspective. 
More research that says when blocks are maxed out, bad things happen: 
And you're also somewhat confused: mining centralization is much more heavily influenced by cheap electricity and large manufacturing/R&amp;D capacity than any other variable. It is somewhat ridiculous to mention block propagation as a serious barrier to an increase when you look at the current state of mining. It is *ludicrous* to think that reducing the block-size would have any substantive effect on the current arrangement.
There are much more radical conversations to be had regarding POW algorithms, but we are nowhere near being able to stomach the ramifications. 
@_date: 2016-11-24 08:43:13
This isn't correct, ethereum didn't undo anything: they used the same hack as the hacker to take the funds back - the fork simply stopped him from being able to do the same anymore.
@_date: 2017-01-27 10:05:35
"However, at the same time, the current rate of blockchain growth is demonstratbly too high for many users: full node count and percentage continue to drop (with the most-cited reason being blockchain-size related); miners are de-facto skipping validity checking of blocks before mining on top of them; and the total cost to sync a new node for the first time is growing significantly faster than technology improvements to reduce such costs."
I take issue with this paragraph (in particular but not exclusively, by any means - )
Firstly, luke ties the number of full nodes to the economic cost of running one. Nonsense. The average user and average holder simply is not incentivised to run a full node when SPV wallets are available. Economics is but one variable in many.
Secondly, on economics: the actual cost of running one is currently &lt;$100/year, in mainland europe at least. There isn't any reason to believe node hosting costs are increasing, when set-off against ever decreasing costs of bandwidth and hardware.
Thirdly, of the many other variables that are missing from luke's equation that determines the number of full nodes, the most important is number of users (and businesses) on the network - which is of course directly proportional to the size of the blocks (or the number of transactions). 
In short, if we want an absolute increase in the number of nodes, we probably require an absolute increase in the number of transactions the network can support. Since, on the whole, the average user is unlikely to have any incentive to run one, it is most likely going to be down to businesses and affiliated organisations to do so. It is these organisations that will have an economic/security incentive to spend money reinforcing the infrastructure. 
@_date: 2016-12-12 11:57:23
ETC is nothing more than a speculative alt. All the development will happen in ETH land, and just the same would happen if bitcoin were to hard fork.
@_date: 2016-11-22 05:07:41
Coming from the ever personable Peter Todd. Lawl.
@_date: 2016-12-12 12:24:20
I'm confused by that comment. In ETH, all the development is happening on the dev backed chain. The same will happen to bitcoin, were a hard-fork to occur, right now. It's sort of obvious.
While i support the notion of allowing miners to vote on block-size, and accepting some trade off between "decentralisation" (whatever that means) and overall network capacity - blocksize,  BU have yet to flesh out or test the idea, and that needs to happen. This will take time. 
What i object to is the level of vitriol and mud-slinging by supposed professionals when we are all, more or less, on the same page with regards to the need for scaling. There is a decided lack of momentum, direction and leadership in bitcoin development land, and eventually it will catch up to us. I've spoken to very smart cookies who have simply decided to not get involved with bitcoin, because the level of drama and aggression is just insane. I suppose that is what money does to people.
What most users (as far as i can gauge, anecdotally, of course) want is just for the damn thing to work as expected, and if that means a hard fork now to 2 or 4MB blocks, lets just get on with it and just kick the can down the road a bit. 
See, in all of this the problems are mostly human, not technical, and, i would prefer the network of nodes and miners to vote as necessary for key technical parameters, that takes away some of the centralized decision making, the possibility of ulterior motives and conflicts of interest. Technical centralization is a real danger. 
I also think segwit should have been done as a hardfork. Soft segwit as written is unnecessarily complicated. In any case, it doesn't really solve the urgent thing: making the damn network work.  
@_date: 2016-11-29 17:22:43
What are you on about? Most people just want a hardfork to push capacity up - knowing well that in the 8 or so years bitcoin has been around, advanced in CPU, HD, bandwidth and global connectivity can certainly support a doubling, perhaps even a quadrupling.
"violently forcing changes to the fundamental properties of Bitcoin, incompatible with the rules it was setup with, against the wishes of many of its owners" 
..sounds rather like segwit to me.
@_date: 2017-01-13 13:43:08
Maybe, just maybe, it's now time to consider actually raising the block size (4Mb, 2MB if that's considered too controversial - but the further we can kick the scaling can the better, imo) and proposing a hard fork date - surely it's clear we will never reach the 95%?
Heck we could rewrite segwit as a hard fork at the same time?
Just sayin'
@_date: 2016-12-12 09:07:53
No, i think provided there is a grace period (say, a month) for those that effectively vote against (not signalling or not upgrading etc), the economic incentive towards maintaining consensus will mean the vast majority follow. We may disagree from time to time, on preferences, but we are mostly smart enough to see these as relatively small niggles in a long and ongoing project. Of course, there will always be a small chain on the other-side of any fork, but i think that is an inherent property of blockchains and something to get used to. 
Anyway.  Requiring 95% just ain't gonna work out. The devs have put themselves in a bind here, apparently desiring validation and community consent when they have managed to piss off a large swath of us. Doesn't make much sense. 
Let's just get on with it. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 08:05:54
It really doesn't matter why the transactions were made, as far as the network is concerned, there is no such thing as spam. And there is no real way that miners can distinguish a "real" transaction from any of these so called spam attacks.
Certain developers like to suggest that somehow spam doesn't count, and thus continue to minimise the case for larger blocks. With the above in mind, I disagree. What we need are larger blocks, and to thus make the cost of an attack bringing the network to its knees cost prohibitive.
We should be thankful that the so called spammer stopped before the men pool got too large. We really don't know what would happen above certain limits and it would be better if we didn't find out.
@_date: 2016-11-08 19:54:30
Such hubris. You can't just copypasta ethereum and expect the experience and knowledge to magically appear.
And it sounds ludicrous when you consider it for more than a moment: RSK devs hanging around the ethereum community asking solidity and serpent questions, whether or not to implement security updates etc.
The notion of "enhanced security" and decentralisation is also a nonsense when you consider the way the federated peg works.
Never the less, i suppose one must wish them well, and hope that they occasionally implement novel features that ethereum might in turn borrow back.
@_date: 2016-11-07 12:20:51
So your informing the guy expressing a dissenting opinion (yes, that would be me) in this thread that not everyone shares the same opinion? Your analytical skills are superb. 
@_date: 2016-11-29 21:02:10
I do not *ever* seeing concerns about the hardware and software requirements of bitcoins during the early days. Can you provide references?
The second point is patently untrue. Who are these "many"? In the last ten years a good proportion of the world has gone from zero bandwidth to broadband access, and while most western-developed nations have gradually improved home broadband speeds, mobile cellular has become ubiquitous. In fact, the evidence shows the number of internet users has doubled. 
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:06:28
Not enough to control the code base, now core want to reject nodes they don't like. The protocol should be neutral - only rejecting peers with invalid blocks - as it already does.
What a desperate and short sighted move. May they live to regret it.
@_date: 2016-12-12 08:59:15
We can argue my semantics; the point stands. Fork the damn thing a month after 51% agree and quit worrying about the price and minority chains, the miners nodes and users will follow., even if there is a little bit of mess.  
@_date: 2016-12-19 07:30:08
Exactly this
@_date: 2016-12-11 19:14:12
Big blocker here, still think some version of segwit is required and a, generally *a good thing*. I'd prefer it as a hardfork along with a propper blocksize increase. 
But, I also find the notion of requiring a 95% super super majority to be a bit ridiculous. Bitcoin is built to work with consensus, so once 51% of the network decides something is going to happen, let it happen! It might make sense to give a months grace so that the slow, inattentive or those that disagree (like me) can upgrade and minimize the chaos of a fork, but just get on with it. If we disagree, even the most stubborn will fall into line behind the majority, the game theory (economic incentive) demands it!
@_date: 2016-11-06 16:20:39
Oh and you sure do though? 
@_date: 2015-08-19 21:46:38
checking in..
@_date: 2016-11-06 16:28:38
Absolute nonsense. There are two debates of vital importance
1) Should we increase network capacity (even at some theoretical cost to "decentralisation") .
2) When (if ever) is it appropriate for a fee market to develop.
According to core the answers are 1) not now and 2) right now. According to those like me it's, 1) Right now and 2) when network capacity is truly "maxed out."
Part of the problem here is deciding what "maxed out" means, i.e. what proportion of decentralization we are prepared to lose in order to increase overall network capacity (block-size). There isn't much decent research out there that says, well if we increase to X MB we can expect to lose Y% of nodes, or that the Z Hardware/Network connection is a reasonable minimum expectation given the state of broadband, world wide. We need that work urgently.
@_date: 2017-04-01 10:53:09
Good techno-political solution to a political problem.
@_date: 2017-04-16 13:09:01
Lol. Nonsense.
@_date: 2016-09-09 11:47:16
@_date: 2011-06-13 20:03:54
 If you sell now, as you make them and during small bursts of speculation you will make a small profit. 
 If you hold onto mined coins and the value increases dramatically then you could (and people have been) making serious money. If you willing to take the gamble, invest spare cash and a couple of days, you could make yourself quite  tidy profit for minimal work. 
@_date: 2011-06-18 22:00:16
britcoin have opened their code:
also btc central:
@_date: 2016-10-16 17:08:02
What i'm saying is: we are in a farcical position now, where there is almost unanimous agreement that the blocksize should and can be raised. But instead of focusing on that with a relatively straightforward hard fork, we're pursuing excessively complicated soft-forks than don't actually solve the damned problem and may now never happen.
We can have a debate about the BU approach, letting miners ultimately control block-size dynamically, flexible transactions or a whole host of other interesting scaling choices - but what is needed now are just some bigger blocks. *sigh*
@_date: 2011-06-19 18:42:10
I can confirm people got coins at studpidly low rates if they had orders on the book.
There are three general scenarios:
a) benovlent founder or someone more dubious cashed out and didn't give  damn.
b) mtgox was hacked
c) bug in their database
will transactions be reversed or have they moved into the network already..
exciting times!
@_date: 2011-06-13 19:36:47
It's not an easy question because of the extreme volatility of the market. Mining has dipped below and above the line of profitability several times. 
I'm no economist but my rudimentary interpretation is that the value of bitcoins is absolutely and will always be fundamentally tied to the price of mining, at least until almost all coins are discovered.
As the the number of miners increases, the reward in BTC each miner gets diminishes because the time taken to find a block is "fixed" by the system to about 14 days. Thus early adopters who were making 50 BTC every couple of days are now making 2-3 BTC.
 
So they're loosing money now? No. The value of the bitcoin - the price a which people are prepared to sell - goes up to match their work and keep them profitable thus they always make about the same, assuming they sell coins as they make them. For every jump in difficult that the system implements (it gets recalculated after every block) we have seen a concomitant rise in bitcoin value. Provided people are willing to by them at that price they will keep increasing in value...
...Driving this and on top of this is the media attention and public speculation. People were suddenly buying bitcoins everywhere, outstripping supply and forcing up the value.  If you look at a graph plotting difficulty against price we saw a dramatic divergence upward in terms of BTC price vs the cost of mining. Miners selling for $30 a piece were making good money. When the system crashed it corrected quite nicely back in shape with the price of mining and maybe even slightly below but has since pushed upwards again. 
The difficulty of mining is about to jump again, and will probably keep doing so for a while as new miners enter the system whilst old ones rarely leave. If we strt seing major retailers using them (unlikely for a while) i imagine the value of bitcoins will absolutely skyrocket. Thus you might be advised to hold onto any coins you mine if you can afford too (and make bigger mining profits). On the other hand we could see resistance from retailers to accept them and a gradual stagnation of the market. The future really rests on whether bitcoins can be accepted by the mainstream and are useful to them. They have great technological and financial advantages over currencies controlled by governments. Yet unfortunately some of these pro's make them difficult to use IRL. Imagine having to wait ten minutes in a supermarket for your bitcoin transfer to confirm.
Sorry for my rambling nonsense, this is truly fascinating stuff and to an amateur like me difficult to spell out plainly. 
tl;dr somewhere in this question of mining profitability vs media/IRL usefulness lies the answer to the whole thing. If the public, not the geeks adopt them they are going to absolutely skyrocket in value.
@_date: 2011-06-19 19:22:25
someone jsut posted two large files containing an entire account database
@_date: 2016-10-15 15:24:19
I wouldn't suggest the conflict has been, necessarily, exploited. But just that it exists so plainly is more than enough to warrant serious concern. It would be far better if the leading companies in the bitcoin ecosystem were to pay to sponsor developers, independently. 
I compare this to the scientific world. If a doctor were to write a paper extolling the virtues of some new drug or, IT system for patient management, but was simultaneously being paid by the same company in some capacity, do you think you should be taken seriously? (The answer is no, but none the less, sadly, this has actually begun to happen)
@_date: 2016-10-24 20:55:44
Think you've logged in with the wrong shill account, buddy. 
@_date: 2016-10-15 15:52:13
Ethereum is less than two years old. Do you remember the state of bitcoin back then?
Immutability, i'm afraid, is a myth. Consensus is the reality. 
@_date: 2016-10-24 17:28:47
Feel free to argue, but "previously debunked drivel"? You'll have to do better, friend. 
1. Why do you think they started a company and received major backing? Charity? The guilt of some otherwise moral business folk with a secret socialist bent? Perhaps I was a bit hasty to suggest "they *will* earn significant money" but guess what, that sure is their intention. Further, it isn't per-se, the exploitation of the any conflict that is necessarily the issue here: even the mere possibility of it's existence is enough, and a threat. I don't need to prove it, i just need to point out that that it could happen. You really don't see a problem - or centralization - in the current affiliation of the core devs? You don't think distributed, sponsored development would be a better solution?
2. That 8MB evidence is old - and internet capacity has grown, - is growing - rapidly. We are probably already there (hence the word maybe in the original post), but we don't actually need 8MB anytime soon. Anyway: sure - it would have to be tested, and no one would argue against such testing. The arguments about miner's incentives is indeed complex and the game theory needs spinning out. But, ultimately, anything to distribute the decision making is preferable right now, than a further two years of stagnation and bitter argument. If miner's misbehave, there are certain changes *we* (in the loosest sense) can make that might make them think again.
3. I think as i've already said - i'm hoping to decentralize the leadership and push development back in the direction that was originally intended, and that many of us originally signed up for when we started using bitcoin. You've completely ignored the fee-market, which is a fundamental change to the direction of the economics of the network. 
4. I disagree. But, i'm not sure how that equates with being so thoroughly debunked as you had probably initially anticipated to do.
Look, ultimately, all of these conversations are about whether segwit should be activated, and where the promised block size increase is. The answer, from my perspective is: not until there is some assurance that this isn't a drive towards forcing a 2-LN solutions instead of scaling the main chain. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 12:41:26
No, segwit is an OKish fudge of a really good idea, we should have implemented it as a hard fork (less code) and raised the block-size at the same time - we'd already be done with this whole debacle. The likelihood is that, since segwit is optional, it will take at least a year before it sees widespread usage, and we can continue to look forward to a very large mempool and general stagnation for the foreseeable. 
@_date: 2016-10-16 16:33:01
* Either: ViaBTC and rebel miner support fades away, we segwit, and hard-fork talk is put off into the distance, again. Meanwhile, LN comes online at some point in the following months.
* Or: the blocksize debate finally reaches a climax as the network is held up from kind of progress until there is satisfactory compromise (i.e. hard fork date, and code - per the famous satoshi roundtable consensus).
Now, assuming 2 (which is a little out-there at this point, but i suspect might be the outcome judging from general miner dissatisfaction), we might then have to have a whole conversation about why we don't just hard-fork segwit and increase the blocksize at the same time...
What a mess!
@_date: 2016-10-24 14:33:23
I'll tell you what centralization *is*: the dev team of a supposedly "decentralised" project, of whom many of the key members are all working for *one* company - backed with significant monies from large financial institutions (you know, the kind bitcoin is trying to compete with) and constructed to make a profit. 
My posting history will make it abundantly clear where i am on the blocksize debate: they need to get bigger, and soon. It will also tell you that i've been here a rather long time. I'm not here to fight. I have five points to make, many of which you may find controversial, but are made sincerely.
1. It would be much healthier if bitcoin dev's were paid by sponsorship from different companies, with no ability to incentivize or alter the ongoing development of the protocol. As it stands, a real conflict of interest exists between blockstream and bitcoin-core. They will earn significant money rolling out the LN, which they have developed in house (a rather under observed fact). For all it's problems and sins, the bitcoin foundation is a much more reasonable way to run such a project.
2. Bigger blocks are not an insurmountable technical *problem*. I'm not suggesting there aren't technical hurdles (sigops, being one, among many): just, that with some research and time they will be overcome. The easiest way of observing this, is simply to look at the explosive roll-out of broadband internet and the increase in bandwidth globally available, since the early days of bitcoin. To suggest that somehow a block-size as big as say, 4MB, maybe even 8MB is impossible for the network to handle, is plain nonsense. Here's a nice infographic:  Now, if the blocksize is going to be increased fairly frequently, we need one of two solutions that i can think of off the top of my head. Allow miners and nodes to vote on it.  Or consensus on some minimum hardware and bandwidth requirements, and careful research to make sure that no more than &lt;x&gt;% of nodes stop meeting this minimum requirement when an increase is scheduled.
3. Bigger blocks, is in fact, an economics and philosophy conversation. As the lead maintainer of bitcoin has openly said on the dev-list: he wants a fee market, soon. Many of us disagree, and do so for three key reasons. i) That's a fundamental  change to the economics of the network that was ii)  not what satoshi outlined in his "vision" of the next few years and iii) many of us don't think the time has come for it. We dont think the time has come for one big reason: we should absolutely maximise capacity (throughput) on the main layer, before looking to force competition in the fee market or worry about even more moving parts in a second layer. The bigger the overall network, the more chance it has of becoming truly successful (and the richer I - we all - become).
4. Leadership from the blockstream/core group has been atrocious.
5. The real dangers of centralization lie in the economies of scale (and electricity) of mining. And, we are going to have to think about mitigating that. I'm sure Luke-Jr has plenty to say in this respect.
@_date: 2011-06-14 20:29:21
5830 if you can find them, no doubt. 
@_date: 2011-06-14 13:13:50
*star struck*
@_date: 2011-06-13 20:11:53
I need to go out so i can't make another mega answer.  Your right to criticise that short sentience does't quite encapsulate it, but the FAQ certainly doesn't disagree (i don't think they really try and answer the question). 
However, look at the graphs and see for yourself, check the trend over 12 months. It's a giant feedback loop. Most people won't mine if they don't make money, but if profits are high from mining more miners come and profit is quickly reduced. The only reasonable equilibrium of these two positions is that mining is "slightly" profitable - we need the miners to discover more coins and keep the network alive. 
@_date: 2011-06-16 11:36:55
You can't see the presentation. I watched the talk live. THough it was pretty bollocks.
@_date: 2016-10-15 15:38:14
Isn't it also remarkable that there really ISN'T a strong defense of the bitcoin core position being put forward in these threads any longer. We used to be told that a hard-fork would be extraordinarily risky, yet watching the ethereum network go through it's second traumatic hard-fork in 6 months (whether you agree with it or not is an entirely separate matter) shows it really isn't the nightmare that was predicted. I'd go further and say that hard-forks are really a baked-in and essential feature of the entire system. The economic incentive for consensus generally drives the process to a rapid conclusion. The pre-fork ETC chain shows what happens when you get left behind.  
@_date: 2016-10-15 16:00:17
I really don't see your argument with Coinbase here, where is the conflict, exactly?
Brian Armstrong doesn't have a role in bitcoin development. He is perfectly entitled to offer an opinion. We're all invested here, we all want this thing to be successful. In your argument, anyone that makes money from bitcoin is now forbidden from expressing opinions?
Second: Mr Armstrong speaks for himself, and not for the entirety of his company.  
Conversely: the overlap between blockstream and bitcoin core is obvious. They have huge amounts of money behind them and are now driving the development of second tier solutions (Rusty Russell + LN, which the seg-wit soft fork makes feasible). As the primary developers of such a system the consultancy opportunities are endless. 
@_date: 2016-10-15 15:14:05
-There is an obvious conflict of interest between blockstream and bitcoin core: even if they haven't exploited it, we cannot allow a "decentralized" currency that is supposed to "revolutionize" the world, to be controlled, by a group of leaders that also have a profit making entity to consider. This really isn't negotiable.  
-SegWit soft-fork is much more complicated than necessary, simply to avoid the hard-fork that will have to come anyway. All out of some really rather opaque and dubious decision making.  
-The leadership of bitcoin core has just been atrocious.  
 
@_date: 2011-06-19 18:43:25
d) trade bot war (flash crash)
oh and it seems in b or c case, MtGox = fucked
@_date: 2016-10-27 05:28:28
So fix sigops and raise the blocksize at the same time.
@_date: 2016-10-16 16:50:55
... of a group of leading core-dev's attached to an opaque corporate entity, funded - in part - by large financial institutions, whose intention is to enable a second layer payment network (LN) that they've developed in-house - and stand to make millions of dollars in consultancy fees from - by deliberately pursuing network conditions that basically force people to use it in order to get past exorbitant 1st layer fees.
Meanwhile, those who thought, hey, at least we get the 75% discounted witness and can have bigger blocks, will be disappointed to find that this is in fact only partially true, and will likely take upwards of 6-12 months to actually happen. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:44:49
Yes! UASF was always a ridiculous notion. 
Get behind the table, tweak the fuck out of the NY scaling agreement and implement it asap. We are all waiting, increasingly, impatiently. 
@_date: 2011-06-13 20:00:21
sorry yes absol right, my bad.
Whats illuminating is that as we see major growth it's consistently taking about ~12 days instead of ~14 because people keep adding to the mining power before the system has had a chance to recalculate. 
 
@_date: 2016-10-30 15:15:15
Ethereum is a great, complimentary, idea to bitcoin: contracts and dApps on the blockchain! 
I feel confident both will have great success. I sometimes don't get the folk in this sub. Such irrational fanaticism and zealotry. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:31:56
UASF, in this context, is utter insanity. All power to the core devs for recognizing that. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:33:44
This is rhetorical nonsense. *No one* forces anyone to do anything. Sure. This doesn't really say much. Bitcoin has never and will never work like that. That's what miners and nodes are all about, whichever view in this particular debate you subscribe to.
Having said that, most "users" do *not* explicitly choose new releases. Most of us use light clients. Most server operators pick a stream and sudo apt-get upgrade or the equivalent.
The offical repo holds untold weight in this debate.
The obvious solution remains, as it always has done, something along the lines of the supposed NY agreement: 2MB and Segwit. Segwit alone is doomed, unless a corresponding hard fork occurs.
To those who supported it; UASF was always always ridiculous - wake up! Asking the the core devs to support such a strategy willingly would be a tremendous volte-face, if indeed the position is that any hard-fork is also supposedly too risky (some i disagree with, anyway).
@_date: 2015-11-30 12:52:30
The whole thing was rigged by MK buying coins with 'fake' cash: that high (and the whole run up) should be ignored. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 20:01:18
Misogyny doesn't belong in this sub. 
@_date: 2016-10-05 22:43:25
The level of vitrioland aggression leveled towards ethereum from the members of this sub makes little sense. If you truly believe that digital currency brings power away from central banks, opportunities for the un banked and innovation in a corrupt system, inter alia -  then you should be rooting for crypto, generally. 
There is certainly some overlap between the two projects, ethereum has broader and more ambitious aims, but each there own place and this is not a zero-sum game.
Spending any time in the ethereum vs bitcoin communities shows one thing: they are focused, bright and have a massive developer community with a tremendous sense of shared risk and exploration. It's exciting to be involved. 
Bitcoin's, community, on the other hand.....
...it's exactly this kind of shit positing that makes one reconsider bitcoins ability to find it's way out of the leadership and development hole we now find ourselves in. 
I wish both coins a great deal of fortune and believe that exciting advances, including the LN and - the inevitable - blocksize increase will eventually propel bitcoin forward. But that is all contingent on a more collegiate and forgiving ecosystem. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 05:25:34
Everything you say is a reflection. This kind of fanaticism and zealotry, which exaggerates Bitcoin and sees all alts as pale imitations, is endemic in the Bitcoin community. The strange power of money.
May the best coins win. This isn't a zero sum game.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:45:09
I'm clearly responding to the title of a thread named ...BIP148 UASF...
Apologies for any confusion, but to clear that up, using UASF to pass controversial changes is never gonna happen. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 05:31:43
Thing is: segwit is basically a fudge of a good idea, developed as a soft-fork in order to avoid a hard fork. If we are going to hard-fork anyway, to increase the block-size, might as well re-write that too.
@_date: 2017-05-30 20:05:05
Go and look up who the guy writing the code is.
@_date: 2015-03-10 13:01:51
We don't need full consensus, key dev's and 51% of the hashing power will do just fine, everyone else will fall into line. 
His talk starts about here: 
@_date: 2016-10-16 17:10:14
Let's hope so!
@_date: 2017-05-31 17:10:50
You hear a lot of crap in this sub, but the notion that Jeff Garzik (or any of the others) have no understating of the either the tech or the politics... is utter garbage.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:47:35
Think the title of the thread is enough
@_date: 2011-06-19 18:53:48
i'll try keep this in one place:
MtGox announcement coming soon, trades will be (maybe) reversed. Hacker (possibly) did it.
edit: from magicaltux:
&lt;MagicalTux&gt; NxTitle: someone with lots of coins did get hacked
&lt;MagicalTux&gt; luke-jr: the trades were done using a stolen account with had a lot on it, thru causing a globl impact on the market
edit again:
The bitcoin will be back to around 17.5$/BTC after we rollback all trades that have happened after the huge Bitcoin sale that happened on June 20th near 3:00am (JST).
Service should be back by June 20th 10:00am (JST, 01:00am GMT) with all the trades reversed and accounts available.
One account with a lot of coins was compromised and whoever stole it (using a HK based IP to login) first sold all the coins in there, to buy those again just after, and then tried to withdraw the coins. The $1000/day withdraw limit was active for this account and the hacker could only get out with $1000 worth of coins.
Apart from this no account was compromised, and nothing was lost. Due to the large impact this had on the Bitcoin market, we will rollback every trade which happened since the big sale, and ensure this account is secure before opening access again.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:06:32
Absolutely delusional nonsense.
Everyone involved in developing Bitcoin - including satoshi, agree(d): capacity should be increased, the argument is and always has been, how to do so safely, and to protect "decentralisation" - however you define it. 
Find me one, baring Luke-JR, who think otherwise. Even he makes the safety and decentralisation argument.
Fundamentally, 7tps diminish the overall value of the asset, if it can't be traded liberally. If, once a significant proportional of the world can use it, it costs too much to use. It diminishes the vale of Bitcoin companies. Gold markets have no such problem. 
And to make the point, most of us in the early adopter crowd (yup, that includes me), were sold on eventual capacity increases, the moment any fee pressure developed at all. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 13:12:58
Replying to myself and paraphrasing gavin:
Current network limit is really ~3tps (~7 is a myth and based on the premise of 250KB ts). We are at about 1-1.2 (
Projecting forward we are likely to start hitting the limit within 1.5 years, (that doesn't take into account a perhaps, overdue, boom). Time to act is now.
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:52:00
What a load of tosh.
Heroes and villains are the stuff of Hollywood, a binary world, that doesn't exist.
Bitcoin's recent drama is all about politics and philosophy, not technical arguments. We inherited an incomplete project, and have to decide amongst ourselves, what we want Bitcoin to be, what to persuade. This oft abused term, decentralisation, had much to do with it.
The current crop of Bitcoin "core"  developers have become a self selecting echo chamber. They believe the time had come for a fee market to develop and scaling should focus on the 2nd tier.
A significant majority of miners and businesses want onchain scaling, and believe the rapid improvement in bandwidth and hardware give ample room for a blocksize increase without much sacrifice in decentralisation.
That is where we are, no heroes, no villains, just humans, disagreeing.
@_date: 2016-05-08 12:06:14
  somehow we will
  find a technical fix, whether you call this bitcoin,
  or some technological evolution of money that
will replace the fiat money that the European Central
Bank, and so on, print-- this is simple fantasy.
And let me just make the simple point
that if you imagine that you take the bitcoin story, which
is a digital version of the gold standard,
you tie the quantity of money to some apolitical process--
in the case of gold, to how much gold you can find
under the surface of the earth.
In the case of bitcoin, to some algorithm
invented by somebody with a Japanese pseudonym.
If you do that, then you ensure two things-- firstly,
that economic development is going
to be slower than it would be otherwise long term,
simply because at some point, development will exceed--
or growth, the rate of growth, will exceed the rate of growth
of the money supply.
When that happens, this is immediately
going to have a deflationary effect.
So there will be less money chasing
after more goods, so the prices are going to have
a natural tendency to fall.
And the moment you introduce deflationary expectations
in the mindset of consumers, investors, producers
and so on and so forth, suddenly you
have a diminution in investment.
Because if you know that something
that today costs 10 tomorrow will cost 9,
you will have a natural tendency to delay consumption.
And therefore, if investors think
that you will have a natural tendency to reduce consumption,
they will have a natural tendency to reduce investment.
So that starts a downward deflationary spiral,
even if it isn't very acute.
So that's one reason.
The second reason is, when there is a crisis--
and crises will always happen.
They are to capitalism that which hell is to Christianity--
unpleasant but essential.
The system doesn't work otherwise.
You're going to end up with a crisis and no capacity
to boost money supply in order to create liquidity
by which to fight the insolvencies that
are as a result of the crisis.
Of course, what we have been doing,
the quantitative easing of the central banks,
which began in Japan in the 1990s, then
was transferred here in the United States,
with Ben Bernanke responding aggressively
by increasing the money supply for the purposes of what
I suggested.
And now, Europe always comes four years too late-- doing it
in Europe now.
The problem with this is that, yes,
it is a palliative for the crashing economy,
the global crashing economy, but it's only a palliative.
It's like giving aspirin to somebody who's suffering
from a far worse disease.
It helps, but this doesn't cure it.
And the central bankers know that.
So there's been a failure of the politicians to get together
and to support the central banks with the only thing that
can be the silver bullet that kills the pessimism-- the New
Deal idea.
So the point I'm trying to raise here in the heart of the tech
industry, here in Google, is that money
seems like a quantity.
People like you think, OK, quantity, technical solutions,
Anything that is quantified must be a mathematical problem
which we can solve without the messiness of politics.
But my message to you is that money is not just a quantity.
It's also a quality that has to do with human sentiment--
the optimism that I was referring to, which cannot be
@_date: 2017-07-12 06:02:17
No, it cannot be purely technical, in the absence of clearly defined goals all we have are choices with inherent trade offs. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 21:56:12
I think you're wrong. Volume on the chinese volumes was more or less fake - friction less (without fees), at any rate. In addition, all the charts show that that was a response to the price moving at gox, rather than the market leading. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:45:12
There is nothing wrong with 1TB extra blocks. 
Decentralization is not inversely proportional to the block size.
You will never have a useful blockchain that works on your phone; that is why SPV wallets exist.
 
@_date: 2016-05-08 13:27:32
Of course, this really only applies if bitcoin were the -only- currency, but there is no reason that it, like gold, can't coexist alongside govcoin
@_date: 2016-05-08 15:30:22
I guess the problem is (was) the potential to impersonate satoshi, and perhaps gain access to other accounts possibly linked to/registered with the original email address.
@_date: 2017-05-31 19:39:03
If you can't trade Bitcoin, online, onchain, then what is the point.
@_date: 2017-07-21 09:22:09
Who do you think runs a good chunk of the nodes? 
Bitcoin will hardfork to 2MB. Those left behind will quickly follow - and the few remaining on the old network will be totally paralyzed. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:53:55
Well, we are most certainly going to find out, one way or another. 
But no, bitcoin can't really do a POW in a moments notice. The consequences of such a drastic change in the security of the network that would be necessarily brought about by effectively pushing hashrate back onto CPU's would leave it extraordinarily vulnerable. For all their sins, no coredev (aside from Luke-Jr, perhaps) would seriously entertain it without seriously planning.
I suspect the truth is far simpler - the core dev argument has always been two fold: 
  i) a hardfork to 2MB is extraordinarily risky and might cause critical issues.  
  ii)  the network cannot sustain blocks of this size.
Of course, the moment a hard-fork has successful occurred, and a bulk of miners are producing 4MB+ blocks, both of the arguments vanish. 
Yet, those that are still skeptical still got the change they wanted (segwit).
That is compromise.  
@_date: 2017-05-17 20:17:41
Stick to the merits of your argument and don't use gender as a weapon, then. 
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:31:25
There are no technical arguments, it's all politics; just a series of choices and changes to make to a network that isn't "finished."
@_date: 2016-05-16 15:31:30
Amazing work, thanks.
@_date: 2017-07-21 09:09:20
Erhm. The hardfork is definitely going to happen.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:43:38
By pushing for the status quo, they have completely ignored large segments of the bitcoin economic consensus.
There are a significant number of people in the economic majority who digital cash fundamentalists. They watch the fees go up and don't care about high prices (in fact they prefer it to scale now, prices will rise with time and use cases). So they have absolutely every reason to do a hard fork to help increase capacity. People with this view have been in bitcoin since the very beginning and own much of the important infrastructure and many coins.
"The existing Visa credit card network processes about 15 million Internet purchases per day worldwide. Bitcoin can already scale much larger than that with existing hardware for a fraction of the cost. It never really hits a scale ceiling. If you're interested, I can go over the ways it would cope with extreme size. By Moore's Law, we can expect hardware speed to be 10 times faster in 5 years and 100 times faster in 10. Even if Bitcoin grows at crazy adoption rates, I think computer speeds will stay ahead of the number of transactions."
~Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:13:23
segwit does.
@_date: 2017-07-21 15:09:41
There will be a hardfork to 2MB.
Waffling on about victory, heroes, losers - is absolutely and utterly childish. The NYA is a straightforward and reasonable compromise , designed to prevent a chain split, and will most certainly be followed through all the way to the hardfork. That is the whole point. 
And should nodes decide not to follow, they will split the coin and paralyse their own chain in consequence (at the time of writing, approximately 100% less blocks, or 1 every 1000 minutes). 
@_date: 2017-07-16 04:14:13
And that is perfectly reasonable, given your politics and beliefs. But there is a whole other team of us that believes on-chain scaling is prima fascia, and are not concerned about which crew of developers implement it.
We will buy and buy.
@_date: 2017-07-12 04:22:16
When looks like - you know it might be in some trouble.
The "issues" in play are not purely technical, but deeply poltical, too. The problem is that Bitcoin was never "finished" - it needs a whole ton of work to scale, amongst other things, and it was never really decided what finished meant.
So, what we have is this political economy debate and far too much mudslinging that has obscured this theoretical question of what we want bitcoin to be in 5 or 10 years. 
Many of us are firmly stuck to the original vision that Satoshi set out: a dynamic blocksize. And we want to see the maximum number of transactions per second, given some minimum level, even if that means sacrificing some of this magical "decentralization" - a confusing and far too often abused term, in its own right. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:54:42
RemindMe! 3 months
@_date: 2017-06-19 00:04:49
"going through," *whom*?
If in excess of 80% of the hash rate and a significant total of businesses/exchanges decide to run SegWit2X all the way through to the hard fork - as has been repeatedly suggested - then there is nothing you, or the core devs can do to prevent the economic majority heading off on that chain. 
@_date: 2017-07-22 05:05:59
Your understanding of the consequences of a sudden POW change are infantile and naive 
@_date: 2017-06-05 15:15:15
The intention of the agreement is crystal clear.
The technicals will take some work, there are various strategies. 
@_date: 2017-07-25 22:24:26
Case reality: the fork is serious, 95%-100% of mining power commits and tests to activate it go well. The economic majority come to a consensus that having delivered on segwit, following through on the rest of the NYA compromise is perfectly reasonable. After all, they wouldn't have had it without the NYA. 
NYA/SW2X node counts rise - and core finally comes to the table to announce it's support - perhaps extracting some minor concessions and changes to the software, in order to save some face. Bitcoin forks successfully in mid November, and a vocal but tiny minority stay on the legacy chain until it becomes apparent that 1000 minute blocks don't really work. Luke-Jr releases a POW patch and an even smaller group of hardcore devotees hard-fork the legacy chain, to continue, for some time, running whatever you want to call it.
@_date: 2017-07-16 04:04:48
Lol. 
What proportion of Bitcoin/cypto users in general, use Reddit or participate in this debate? The answer is a tiny fraction.
That may be a good or bad thing, but 99% will follow the longest chain without blinking.
@_date: 2017-06-02 08:20:58
There is nothing off chain about payment channels. Do some reading.
@_date: 2017-06-16 11:54:23
1. You've had private conversation with many stake holders, many times. You've had public conversations *ad nauseum*, too - what profit would have inviting you, yielded, to a group doing something you disagree with.
2. You hope. In truth, they have 80% industry support, 80% miner support.
3. Segwit is already written - the code changes required for this proposal are *complex* but not *huge*. In any case, the threat of USAF148 means they have little time. That's kinda your responsibility too. SegWit was dead in the water on arrival, and your intransigence to simple compromise brought us to this point.
4. Nonsense. They are focused on developing what they agreed to. There is plenty of opportunity to criticize, just as you are doing here.
5. "Viability of the system" - you mean, viability of *your* interpretation of what bitcoin *should be.* You lost that argument some time ago.  
6. Waffle. Bitcoin survives on miner and node consensus. If that consensus turns against your beliefs, so be it. You act as if bitcoin is perfect already, with upgrades being optional. Many of us see bitcoin fading, for no more than increasingly political arguments about what the system should be. Increasing fees and a static blocksize were not, ever, sold to the early stakeholders. You've reinterpreted what bitcoin should be on increasingly non-nonsensical technical ramblings that are basically summed up by "your too stupid to understand."
7. No one is surprised that core prefer SegWit over anything else, since you wrote, tested and deployed it. And if you aren't prepared to aid then why complain about not being invited (point 1.). Core may not be a company but over time it's become a coalition of increasingly ideological aligned individuals. An echo chamber. Dissenting opinions, of course, being summarily dismissed, ridiculed and marginalized. 
8. Yes, they disagree with what bitcoin should be and promote capacity above this magical notion of decentralization that you like to band-about, without ever really explaining.
Who are the "tech community"? You mean core?
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:58:02
I just can't fathom the objection - you don't think the current core dev's regularly hold private meetings? 
@_date: 2017-06-01 11:59:23
It's not Bitcoin if it isn't on chain; it fact, it might as well be PayPal.
See mtgox.
@_date: 2017-06-01 13:24:51
Lightning  _is_ *settled* on chain. Most on the bitblocker side are ok with that. 
What we object to is your nonsense about goldbugs, and scaling; when we (I) believe bitcoins utility is fundamentally tied to its capacity, and the network effect. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:42:10
There is nothing private about an open agreement with an open github and open mailing-list. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 13:58:17
No. Let me be clear; I am certainly content with what we call segwit, including q.hashing and tx malleability fixes that enables lightning. That kind of second tier network is perfectly suitable for small transactions, provided they all settle on the chain eventually.
But, there must be first tier, on chain scaling, too. That means a hard fork with the segwit patch. For a whole host of part technical and part political reasons, the segregated witness fudge will not do.
You'll ask me why, and I'd do my best to explain, only to have you roundly reject my reasoning. 
Compromise is in order, and a plan along the lines of the NY agreement are the obvious avenue now.
Controversial UASFs ala 148 are simply delusional. In a way, they have been an enormous gift to the big blocker crowd.
@_date: 2013-09-03 02:36:45
You'll hear a lot of good responses from the other fine folks in this sub, defending bitcoin. And they will all make  good arguments mitigate some of the potential problems that your links point to..assuming that they are accurate.
But the overriding reality really is that we just do not know. 
The economic model - the rules - that bitcoin started with - we just cannot say how effective they are at building something sustainable. This argument dips into the realm deep economic and philosophical theories that may not even exist yet. (on a side note, i imagine the ability to trace the blockchain may lead to some great developments in these fields of human behavior)
 I for one am here in part to see this experiment play out and to be a part of it (not *just* to get rich). I am quite convinced that bitcoin in one form or another will most definitely take the world by storm in the coming years. The underlying technology, the 'blockchain' and it's potential to decentralize trust (amongst a myriad of other properties), is incredibly fascinating and powerful.  It would be no great sin, or surprise if it turned out that the first implementation didn't quite get it right. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 12:03:38
If you want replay protection, might i suggest that core can and probably should implement it on their side - SegWit2X appears to have &gt;80% miner and significant industry support (much harder to quantify). In other words, it's gonna win.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:53:50
You mean, you're unhappy that interested and mutually concerned individuals had conversations without a certain group of core-dev's being able to get in there and piss all over it? 
We've been having these conversations, in public - on reddit, mailing lists, forums - *ad nauseum* for *years*. That a compromise hard fork with segwit finally emerges is a relief, but hardly a surprise. 
@_date: 2013-03-06 15:23:42
Of course no one knows.
But i was around in 2011 and watched the crash and it feels very similar. A lot of hype, relatively clueless gambling, pronunciations of a revolution and simply not enough practical uses. We've come along way since then but none the less, bitcoin has a long way to go before the average joe gets involved.
 There doesn't appear to be a large enough increase in interest coming from outside to explain the rise and my best bet would be pump + dump. If not that, then someone with very large pockets has decided they want to enter the market. Looking at google trends for terms like "bitcoin" or "mtgox" paints a similar picture, simply not enough new interest to support the idea that a whole load of ordinary folks have all decided they want to get involved...
Having said that we've just hit 48 as i type this and what do i know? The whole thing is fascinating.
Please only invest what you can afford to loose. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:53:48
Even more radically, if a portion of that mining power remains behind and dedicates itself to performing 51% attacks on the old chain, the new chain will by necessity, be the only one stnading
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:54:14
It's a valid concern, but it's hard to put the blame solely on gox, the volumes traded in the last few days have been unprecedented 
@_date: 2013-03-19 11:56:36
finite supply of coins/
almost infinite people/
google trends going up/
governments stealing money in europe/
general lack of trust in the banking sector/
people buying drugs/
geeks think it's cool/
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:07:27
let's see if it dips back under $32, although it looks like we might stick around close to $33 for a while. MtGox has gone mental and with lag at close to 10 minutes i'm not sure if the graphs i'm looking at are legit any more.
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:27:34
First question - correct. When you to 100% you will have your coins visible in your desktop QT wallet. 
USB drive is easy, but i would also recommend printing them out on paper. One thing i always think about as well: What would i do if my house burned down? Would you still have access to your coins? If not, better think about somewhere else to store them. 
Use encryption: Settings-&gt; Encrypt wallet in the bitcoin-QT wallet. I'm not gonna go into too much detail, there are plenty of resources on the web only a google away. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:54:55
Logic dictates: if the new chain is successful and the old chain is poisoned by remaining hashpower intent on destroying it, core will have almost no choice.
@_date: 2013-03-12 11:54:44
It's more complicated that that. 0.8 includes some very major changes to the DBD (the way we store hashes/blockchain) and is probably also somewhat buggy. To be sure everything worked out OK it would have required asking all users (a good proportion are using pre 0.7 version) to upgrade to 0.8 and that would have taken some significant time. Much easier and quicker to to ask the pool operators to go backwards to 0.7. 
Philosophy wise, forks are perfectly acceptable - if desired, but everybody WANTED to be on the same blockchain.
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:47:21
Afraid it's all very currency and situation specific and i know nothing about the AUD routes. A few reddit/google searches will probably get you on the right track. Are there no AUD exchanges?
@_date: 2013-10-24 16:30:30
If your just looking to dip your toes in then bitbargain.co.uk is great. There are no exchanges that deal in £ or based in the UK atm - the banks will just not play ball (shame on us, financial capital of the world etc)
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:40:12
Read this.
Ultimately, Bitcoin is a gamble right now. It's fascinating, philosophically and ideologically appealing (to the internet generation) and you might get a little bit rich, but put those thoughts to one side and remember your gambling ... don't be under any illusions about that. 
There is a long way to go in terms of developing the infrastructure and software to support it and we don't have nearly enough useful adoption by merchants.. people are being driven by speculation.
So my advice to a newbie is put a little money in - spend a little to help the economy grow and leave the rest alone. In other words...gamble. 
@_date: 2013-03-12 17:02:06
Woah, NP man, thanks very much.
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:46:10
Personally I'm in favor if it means saving the poorest from the worst of the cuts in order to hit the rich...
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:18:36
Yeah - I saw it
It was also mentioned on radio4 the other day, (and evident from the recent post - will be again soon). Media bods simply don't understand it - the descriptions are always off, crucially on the idea of decentralized trust - who's controlling the network and how the supply could be manipulated.
I don't blame them, it is rather esoteric...
The bitcoin community could do with coming up with some really simple guides aimed at press and casual observers (although it's not like people haven't tried!), so these basic mistakes don't keep cropping up. 
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:36:21
Transfer as usual - will be fine. have a look for your coins at blockchain.info if your worried.
@_date: 2013-09-07 14:12:03
I do quite a few deals on bitbargain. Yes they are probably being scammed and you are certainly not obliged to be re-paying. 
@_date: 2013-03-06 17:33:12
Ill happily do it wtfhazzy falls through
@_date: 2013-04-04 13:33:19
for market rates, yep.
@_date: 2013-03-12 01:05:18
""A block was mined that was too big for 0.7 to process. 0.8 could process it and created a fork. The game plan is to shut down 0.8 nodes and continue on the 0.7 fork""
@_date: 2013-03-22 13:30:59
Transaction fees (in a word, or two)
edit: nazi's every where
@_date: 2013-03-12 00:59:26
bitcoin-dev irc channel has lot's of interesting discussion. Will edit post when i see something useful.
 As far as i can see, SatoshiDice has been paused.
Gavin Andersson may send out an alert over the network to not trust transactions (temporarily).
Problem isn't massive and should be fixed within a couple of hours - might have come from the slush mining pool (he has the last valid block)
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:24:52
Heh, wondered if someone would ever come back at me after a post like that :)
Of course i got back in.
I still can't believe where we are and I still expect a couple of strong downturns along the way to mainstream success (whatever that means). Yet google trends, Mtgox volume and verification queues etc etc all suggest we are still on the way up for now. I get very concerned by the lack of caution and hot-headedness shown by the majority yet my gut says bitcoin or some crypto currency like it - will eventually work and if it's going to work that has to mean mass adoption (which has to mean prices going up).
Fascinating to watch and be involved in! 
@_date: 2013-10-21 23:36:34
Essentially i'd use offline wallets
Buy a new netbook and a small safe, disable or remove internet access, physically if your capable.
Install ubuntu, generate new wallets from e.g. armory, and encrypt. You can go further with a truecrypt wrapper (or even two) for added protection
If you want to make any outgoing transactions, sign them on the sterile computer and transfer to be 'published' on an external computer. 
Keep the laptop in the safe so you can be reasonably sure it hasn't been tampered with.
Commit the seed to memory.
I think doing things completely right just once in one wallets is better than attempting to disperse them in some complicated fashion or getting lazy by e.g. writing down passwords. Be as simple as possible. You need physical security, OS security, network security (no internet) and a strong password. 
You should also consider what might happen were you to be taken out of the equation, as it were. That's more tricky because it comes down to trust..i'm not sure how to solve it. Perhaps carving up the private key and distributing with 2-3 trusted people (m of n style?).. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:59:42
I need to go to sleep but this is so great to watch. 
@_date: 2013-03-17 20:44:33
Did you both include adequate transaction fee's?
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:57:33
Oh i'm with you all the way, brah(1). 
I was in at close to $1 in 2010 and I cashed out today at 48. I've learnt an awful lot (and made some massive mistakes) about economics and markets since then and the the kind of groupthink that creates these distortions. People really are driven temporarily insane by money. I'm sure we will be here again.
Don't invest what you can't afford to lose. 
@_date: 2013-10-24 19:58:30
bitbargain.co.uk or bitcoin-otc-uk over on IRC (is he tech savvy?) will be able to help. 
I sell there occasionally (
If you PM me i might be able to help sort this out for you 
@_date: 2013-08-22 09:23:08
Ponzi schemes promise returns - bitcoin doesn't. It's that simple.
It's a risk and may well not work out, anyone who's invested on the basis of some guarentee are fools and frankly I think the good majority of people who have invested, esp at early stages are technologically literate. They've made a pragrammatic assessment of its potential.
Why are so many prepared to take that risk? Yes we think we might make some money - but that's becasue it's an incredible technology, almost as revoutionary as the internet itself and it, or some other cryptocurreny yet to be invented will evetually become mainstream - filling certai niches.
I don't unerstand why your so suspicous of people promoting it. Of course early adopters are advocating, we like it, we've taken risks on it and we want it do well!
Sure there might be some people trying to push prices writing nonsense on the bitoin forums, but the majority of early adopters just want to see it's usefulness in day to day activies - micropayments or adoption by retail and service industries - increase. That requires communication and work. 
On top of that, we have to get past governments, banks and coorporations in whose best interests reside in trying to kill it. Then we have to build the technologies around it for oridinary people to understand and use it more easily.
Lastly, bitcoin has crashed twice - on both occasions loosing more than 4x it's value overnight. Yet people have stuck with it. That should tell you that despite day to day market flutuation there really is a hardcore out there who believe in this thing and are prepared to take long term views in the belief it has real potential. In some senses the facination with price has been a big distraction and as you correctly point out, with its current market cap it simply can't be stable enough to be cosidered a decent investment vechicle.
Edit: oh yes, i've seen the south park episode. Whilst i can see that occasionally loses the plot a little, we tend to overlook it's fudamental promise.  It solves a fascinating and fundamental mathematical and philosophical issue - how to decentralise trust and remove the need for a central authority. Whilst in this instance it has been used for money (something we can agree, give the recent financial meltdowns, is of massive importance) it has many applications - secure election/voting mechanisms being but one:
Here's one of many random blog posts about it:
@_date: 2013-03-14 03:33:19
Good question - i'd like to know myself! 
@_date: 2013-03-15 23:52:08
It's theoretically possible but pragmatically impossible.
" There are 1,921,075 different addresses in the block chain. That's less than 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000001 % of all addresses that can be generated" 
I occasionally wish people would google these things first...
@_date: 2013-03-06 18:45:13
I really wasn't trying to give a opinion on where the price will go (read my first and penultimate lines) so i'm not entirely sure what it is you entirely disagree with - i'm simply trying to look for clues to the last 30 days of behavior. The answer to that question is speculation. Limited supply is important, but has always been priced in. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:27:21
also,  is a really great way to gain a little insight
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:16:14
ehh, wow
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:22:14
No way. I've made enough to help make university a little easier, and i've made mistakes, but it's been a veeeeery educational experience. I'm here to stay so most of the cash will stay close to the market for the forseable future anyway... just hit $37 again. So wild.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:31:21
Put up at the top. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:09:31
A reliable contact tells me that Jered is the guy behind  - that might be your best bet. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:48:22
i'm using bitfinex at the moment. I put stop-loss orders on so if the price drops to (or reaches) X it automagically sells (or buys). Try it out, really worth it with the current volatility
@_date: 2013-03-16 05:29:23
the decimal point never moves...
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:43:32
Trading is a side show, the true potential of bitcoin is as an open-source, peer-to-peer, government free, decentralized, secure and easy way to transact across the globe, relatively anonymously. Just one of many wild, people driven libertarian concepts the internet has become famous for. This isn't, well, it shouldn't be about getting rich in your basement, it's really more fundamentally important than that. 
Just watched it fall into $36, oops i mean $35 briefly. 
Let it sink for a few days and get some negative press, if your in this to trade, i'd buy back when you see really solid ground and half of this sub loosing faith. That would be a good sign. Bit coin has a long future ahead of it, but that's going to be driven by solid technological innovation and open minded businesses creating interesting and practical uses for it. 
edit edit edit
stupid phone and $34
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:52:01
As excited as I am to see this, i'm expecting a swift pullback - the price is simply unsustainable and i can't see any reason to justify it (right now). I can't see any evidence of adoption by a large number of people doing day-2-day transactions, which is where we need to be if we want some stability. 
Having said that markets are by no means rational and the limited supply is being bought up by relatively few big orders - perhaps on the back of FinCEN and the current instability in the eurozone. The hike might not be over quite yet.
I can't predict the future, but i'd wait for a week or so of relative stability (at least) before pumping any more cash in. The question shouldn't be so much about making more money but mitigating the very real potential for big losses.
Perhaps take your initial investment out (in USD) and leave it close to the market place to make your wife happy? The other 48% can be gambled with.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:56:45
let me know how it goes..
@_date: 2013-10-24 11:11:13
I'm guessing bitstamp are really struggling now. We've seen it so many times before at gox, all bets are off. Watched it bounce from 156 to 206 - mental
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:18:29
go to bitfenix and look up (if you don't understand) stop-loss orders. Avoids having to watch the market like a hawk and i'm not sure who else does them. Let's you set a comfortable limit to get out, automatically.
 I've no idea how this is going to play out but the long view seems very positive for btc so i wouldn't fret if you lost a bit.
@_date: 2013-03-12 00:56:00
Watching. Looks interesting but hopefully was caught very early. 
Looks stuck at 225435 on blockchain info.
@_date: 2013-08-22 08:03:35
You make a few good points about the ability of certain individuals to manipulate the market to their own advantage - if they so choose. 
But, many early adopters of bitcoin actualy believe in it's potential. An it's not hard to see why. Any rational analysis of the way the blockchain works shows that bitcoin really has amazingly cool technology and mathematics backing it.
So whilst i agree market manipulation is happening, i dont think it's going on quite to the extent you suspect. Many of these early adopters want bitcoin to work out and that means not abusing the market/crashing it for short term gains when legitimate medium-long term potential really exists.
TL;DR who shits on the roses in their own back yard? 
Oh also, you ompletely loose me with: 


All we need to do is move the decimal and change the unit.
1.2144 mBTC is not diffiuclt to grasp and it's very likely as bitcoin becomes more value that operating in mBTC will become the defacto standard. 
Secondly i imagine most wallets will have ways of verifying amounts and payments. These are minor techniogical challenges. 
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:24:31
I saw your comment above. If your interested, sign up to bitfinex and move your bitcoins over. They allow you to place a stop-loss orders so if the market crashes you can make your escape - it essentially allows you to place a sell (buy) order when the price drops (rises) to X. 
@_date: 2013-10-20 19:14:00
bitbargain.co.uk is as close as it gets (with descent volume)