@_author: kukulaj
@_date: 2014-10-13 04:44:14
People really want security. What is the most reliable place to get help when you're stranded etc. Nowadays nobody knows their neighbors etc. Family is probably a thousand miles away. You're in a real fix, you probably go to some government agency or other big institution like a hospital or whatever.
To change the way things work means that people invest their resources into new institutions or communities or whatever, new projects that they feel will be more likely than the old ones to supply them with the basics, to protect them etc. 
So part of that will be building confidence in new ways to get food, protection, etc. Part of the shift will be that, er, this growth in confidence in the new will out-pace any growth in confidence in the old. Of course, this gets easier as the growth in confidence in the old weakens, or, forgetting about growth, as the decline in the confidence in the old accelerates.  
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:46:04
I don't think that's quite right. The interest gets credited to the lenders account. Of course accounting gets absurdly complicated and quite arbitrary. But it is simple enough to build a model that has lending and borrowing with interest, and the sum of account balances is always zero.
Here is my little blog post on the subject:
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:50:18
Doesn't money supply depend on velocity, too, despite the difficulty of measuring that. Maybe with bitcoin it is easier to measure velocity. 
If some bitcoins are stashed away and don't circulate, they don't act as part of the money supply. If then they get brought out and put make in motion, the effective bitcoin supply could surge quite suddenly. 
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:09:32
what do you mean by "investment"?
One meaning of the term is when you put effort into acquiring a productive resource. Maybe e.g. you build yourself a greenhouse. Now you can have fresh vegetables more months of the year. That's an investment.
I like to distinguish investment from speculation. Speculation is buying something in hopes of being able to sell it at a higher price in the future. The return you expect is due to the varying price, rather than the productivity of the item purchased.
Then there is a primitive store of value, that just holds its value stably and doesn't rot or corrode. 
Mostly bitcoin these days seems to be speculation.
@_date: 2017-11-28 02:03:46
looks like: 
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:53:43
Yeah I bought a bunch of silver when it was up around $40 an ounce and it looked like the sky was the limit. Now it has been below $20 for years. I really want to sue silver to get back that money I lost!
@_date: 2018-02-18 05:41:53
Most money creation doesn't happen by the government, but by banks, by lending. The Federal Reserve and the government have huge influence over lending by setting interest rates, through the huge federal budget and sales of treasury bonds, etc. 
Bitcoin is caught in a curious dilemma. Folks like to buy bitcoin because they expect the value to go up. This is basically deflation. In a deflationary environment, the economy basically freezes up. Nobody wants to spend money. For sure nobody will borrow money. 
Back in feudal times, most folks didn't use money. Most folks just worked in the fields and had some obligations and privileges in their relations with the feudal lord. We may be heading back there, to a place where there is basically no economy and no marketplace, where most goods are not bought and sold but flow between people with personal relationships and commitments. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 02:08:49
Fractional reserve originally got started on the gold standard. If you don't actually hold the bitcoin, but instead have them deposited in an account someplace, then those folks can certain play the same old games.  
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:17:19
nowadays financial institutions have to file a federal report any time more than $10,000 in currency gets moved. Laws and regulations like that are created to fix problems. To identify a problem to be fixed, that's what it is to blame something.
@_date: 2018-02-18 04:10:15
with dollars you can always just hold cash &amp; that way stay out of fractional reserve risks, i.e. the FDIC going bankrupt. For sure bitcoin has fewer ways it can be manipulated. But wealth and power tend to get concentrated one way or another, which means the market can be manipulated just by flooding it or starving it. Money is inherently social, it's about markets etc. If you want to get away from the slings and arrows of society, you'll want to be converting your pennies into maybe cans of beans, wool socks, etc. - things you can actually use directly.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:56:11
yeah bitcoin is more like currency, or like gold. It's a commodity. Yeah, a virtual commodity, but whatever. 
It's funny, really. The big sales pitch for bitcoin is its use for exchange, but that really doesn't work when the price keeps changing. People talk about bitcoin as an investment, but that's only people who don't know the difference between investment and speculation. With so much speculation going on... uh, these things tend to have rough landings! 
@_date: 2017-06-15 05:46:13
Money creation is a process that requires a lender, a borrower, and a bank. A lender deposits $10 in a bank. The bank lends out $9. So we just went from $10 in the world to $19 in the world. 
It doesn't really require a bank at all. Suppose Jill loans Jack $10, and Jack writes an IOU to record his promise to pay back that $10. If somebody asks Jill about her financial assets, she might plausibly include that $10 IOU from Jack as an asset. But Jack has $10 too! Actually Jack should deduct the $10 he owes. 
Ha, really, the way money works, all money is debt. For every $10 created, there is a $10 debt created too. The actual total assets around is always zero! But we just add up the positives and skip the negatives when we ask how much money is around.
Of course bitcoin doesn't work that way. There is no associated debt. Is that a feature or a bug? If somebody owes money, roughly speaking they are promising to do some productive work to pay off that debt. That's what money really is, it's a kind of generic promise that people will do some work. With bitcoin, there is no implied promise. There is nothing backing the value of bitcoin at all, other than people's idea of what it is worth. Of course, how much a person has to do in order to pay off $10, that is pretty much just an idea too, so floating values are common to debt money and cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency just doesn't have the debt aspect, the promise to do productive work. E.g. gold doesn't have the debt aspect either. All it has is gold. 
Crazy stuff!  
@_date: 2017-06-15 06:18:21
useful: 
@_date: 2017-06-15 05:16:40
It depends on what you think the function of a bank is. If a bank is just renting you space in a vault, then a cryptocurrency performs the same function and can replace banks. If, however, the point of a bank is to lend money... if it is really more like a mutual bond fund where the price of the bonds doesn't float but is guaranteed stable, in return for which the bank can skim off a larger fraction of the interest on the debt... if the bank is really an intermediary between lenders and borrowers... then cryptocurrencies do not perform the same function that a bank does and cannot replace banks.