@_author: kur1
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:30:18
I made ~30 purchases with my card before which just registered as a sale, thus no fees. Now it’s classified as a cash advance with zero advance notice, and each transaction has a $10 fee.
Once they realized they were getting re-classified as cash advances, they should have paused credit card transactions until they could communicate the issue/change. Or some similar policy. 
I’m fine with it being re-classified as a cash advance, I’m not okay with suddenly getting charged fees and all parties displacing blame when it’s Coinbase that could have taken measures to stop these transactions from occurring until this change was communicated.
@_date: 2018-02-01 07:04:48
Not giving notice of this is *not* okay. I would never have initiated the transactions had I known there would be $10 fees for each transaction. I have 3 recurring ones set up, each got a $10 fee on top of a $10 purchase. And this is the same support line you guys keep parroting.
How about taking actual action for a very obvious mess up? Give your users a week to adjust to the new fees and offer to refund cash advance fees that result until then. Or, really, anything that's customer-centric because right now you're just offloading blame.
@_date: 2018-02-01 21:10:00
We obviously have different points of view on customer service, but my stance is that Coinbase has an obligation to take actions to ensure their consumers aren't affected by sudden changes in merchant rules. If something slips by and ends up affecting customers, it should take steps to correct it for the customer, both short-term (refunds, reversals, etc.) and long-term (a pop-up indicating a bank/credit card is known to charge cash advance fees prior to confirming a purchase).
You see it differently, and that's okay.
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:02:31
I have a hard time believing this is how events transpired. I’ve worked in SF startups long enough to know these oversights are common. Small companies, small support teams, lots of communication that isn’t forwarded correctly. I can’t guarantee it, but given changing MCCs can have large effects on vendors (especially ones with as many transactions as Coinbase), it’s highly likely someone was notified but didn’t feel it was worth communicating. 
Again, you’re welcome to disagree. 