@_author: kuribohgirl
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:33:15
Hey! I volunteer at a rescue place for cats, dogs, rabbits (we have ferrets as well!) and idk if anything else, but we get in 'nice' dogs way more often than you'd think, they just get adopted really quick! I know right now we have a beautiful white Shepard and have had some super fancy and expensive dogs as well as really adorable cats. We have an Alaskan malamute as well that should be gone by now, but the (paid) manager refuses to give her to anyone because they aren't "good enough". As far as I know, all adoptions are paid here and includes vaccines etc
We have 100% got very fancy dog breeds before.
(Edit: I say vaccines, but I only really know about the cats for that. As far as I know, I think neutering and chipping is included in the cost for dogs,but I can't confirm that for sure.)
Edit:update. 
Yes! Neutering/spaying and chipped comes built into the price of the dog. The rescue centre is to rescue and rehome animals, basically, not to turn a profit but the rest of the money will go to the (few) paid staff and upkeep of the place and animals
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:34:33
Hey! As someone who volunteers at a rescue place, I can confirm 100% that we get 'nice' dogs way more often than one would think. This could totally be a rescue puppy!
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:38:54
As a rescue centre volunteer, this could totally be an adopted puppy. You still have to pay an adoption fee of a few hundred pounds! We get 'fancy' dogs like this in way more than one would think!
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:12:39
No, we just "sell" them directly. No selling to a store. Long vetting times are completely abnormal, the guy who won't sell the malamute is an absolute asshole and has passed over many people other staff think are good enough. I'm betting he's going to take it home for himself.
We had two beautiful fancy little dogs. Abused? Abandoned? Nope, the parents divorced. 
People directly adopt from us. 
If you don't believe me, go to a rescue centre yourself and have a gander.