@_author: kurujt
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:30:33
Honest question: if I were to believe that a subset of people are good, why must it entail that I believe all people are good? I am not saying that the "monopoly on violence" is guaranteed to be all good or bad. This is a discussion of idealized people, clear black and white. If there are some good and some bad people, then since bad people can cause issues for the good people in disproportionate measure, the good people should structure society to minimize the impact that bad people can have. That's a requirement of "goodness prevails" - it should structure itself to be good, via good actors and that would require some form of structure, which in societal form would be government of one form or another. *That* is the requirement for governing to work and if it can't be fulfilled, it certainly can't be fulfilled without government. I'm sure there's something I'm missing because I fail to see how preventing (what I see as a guaranteed fact of life) bad people from negatively affecting good people implies 1) that all people are good or 2) that those in power must be bad.
Withholdings for power corrupting, relative goodness, scope/scale, all that... a governing body, which - again, personal opinion - is the lesser of two evils to allowing all interaction with no restrictions, which is what I think is the alternate option with no governance.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:43:55
One other question I have: you've mentioned rape and genital mutilation. In this theoretical discussion, how to you prevent it:
P1: "I am going to circumcise my child."
P2: "Don't, it's traumatic and requires consent."
P1: "That's my choice."
P2: "It isn't, it's the child's."
P1: "Prove it."
P2: "Is there anything you will voluntarily do to not do this?"
P1: "No, it is of my own free will. I will not be educated against it or be stopped."
At that point, you can take a personal intervention to prevent it, but you're establishing your own moral superiority and you suddenly have as many moral frameworks and restrictions as there are people, with all the issues that come with it. Government (as an ideal) has the ability to do the most good with the least evil if enough people pull their weight. And if enough people don't pull their weight, I'm not full of confidence they would on their own either without trying to make their own views everyone else's.
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:38:45
What do you suggest? I'm 100% on board with the fact that we need a better world.
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:49:41
I think you read "not everyone does" as "no one does" but they're not equivalent. 
It's possible for a few good apples to spoil the bunch, so structure is put into place to prevent that - this would also fall well under what seems to be your belief that there are sufficient good people in the world. Since a number of people are good, it's up to the good people to ensure that the people in charge are good as well. Whether or not that is the case is again dependent on those who choose to elect.
I think it comes down to this: if you philosophically believe that all people are good or at least can act rationally in the interest of the largest group they'll encounter (even accounting for preferences), and that no group or set of group ideals has an absolute moral superiority, then government isn't necessary. But if not, I would assume that there needs to be some sort of regulatory measure (even at a social level) to prevent them from harming the group as a whole. That's where the concept of government comes in.
Whether or not we have a good one, or have ever had a good one, is another discussion.
I think we have divergent thoughts on human nature, but best of luck anyways :)
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:14:24
The point is then to have the good people to prevent the bad people from getting in. If there are so few good/so many bad to prevent that, then what in the world makes you think that without any rules or the means to enforce them that these people would be good on their own?
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:28:35
I don't think it's fear - I see it as rationality. I'm aware there are good and bad people, I'm aware of some being stronger (physically, financially, whatever is relevant) and some being weaker. To me society and human nature *is* structure and always has been - from the concept of taboo to religions to republics and on and on. Idealizing the perfect human form of cooperation and understanding is the same as thinking cuddling with a lion is a good idea - it's seems to be all warm and fuzzy until the lesson is learned.
People can be good in a governed society. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:16:48


No, but I certainly know people who are willing to look the other way for things of that nature. And they're the ones who would be more than willing to argue their rights to do so. Hell, just look at the Nassar case. And I'm sure you could check any prison and find others would think that way as well.


And if you had the ability to do so to me, I wouldn't have recourse if it's might makes right.


Then fix the government. And if there isn't the ability to do so, I'd argue it's a failure of people, not structure.
But that's where we differ. I don't believe enough people - as a whole - are good. They're more than willing to *be good* at many times but at the root of most individuals is self serving behaviour. That's my belief, backed up by my own experiences, as I'm sure your own beliefs are as well. So my solution is to try to find the good ones and let them do the necessary regulation.
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:28:50
I agree - thank you for a balanced discussion!
@_date: 2018-01-30 18:48:46


I think the main issue is that not everyone does. Therefore, society/majority/mobs have decided that 1) there is a floor on quality of life that should be sought 2) equalizing measures to raise the floor cost goods or money 3) people are not inherently charitable creatures to do it all the time or sufficiently impartially on their own. 
It's not perfect, but you'd be hard pressed to sell the ideal of perfect humanity to those who are willing to settle for the imperfect method we have no, and which provides daily witness to the imperfections that would prevent a better system.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:34:37
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:18:48
I've switched to mining Monero/XMR. It's got a low difficulty at this rate and the fungibility of it makes it fantastic. I'm not looking at rapid growth or public market adoption, just what would be useful long term in the shadier places of the world. Verge coin is another, but I haven't committed my machines to it yet.
@_date: 2018-04-25 14:23:49
Yeah, I agree it takes some extra thought, but it does really become ingrained over time. I'd be ok with standard VAT style pricing if receipts showed what the cost breakdown at the end was. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 13:48:11
Not really. It'd be like saying the entire EU + the UK should have only one tax rate for all items across the board. A quick glance shows the EU VAT varies across municipality from 8-29%, they're just built into the price, whereas here, it's broken down for visibility. I don't mind it being added at the end - I like to be aware of the breakdown.
@_date: 2018-04-19 11:43:36
@_date: 2018-04-18 13:04:27
Six 9s uptime would be about 30 seconds per year, or a total time of about 4m 30s over nine years. 
I have no idea whether total downtime/processing time exceeds that. Just putting the actual values out there.