@_author: kushti
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:42:27
1. Nxt source is open. 
2. The cause of the problem is BTER incompetence, not Nxt.
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:46:32
Hi! I'm one of the authors. Have you read the paper? It gives LRA definition precisely:






















We use "history attack" shortcut for the attack you're writing about now. As rollback is limited (max 1440 blocks), the only outcome of the attack is network partitioning. For now the problem is solved with few checkpoints(not elegant solution at all but ok for now).


That's true, but we're not looking for ways preventing multibranching forging at all and consider all attempts to do that as tricky and non-reasonable hacks(and for me Slasher is not the best hack). Multibranching has some interesting properties e.g. better inter-blocks gaps distribution (read our previous paper on that). However we need to make sure the consensus property met: after k confirmations it's impossible(or extremely expensive) to change system state. So we're working on PoS model corresponds to the property in a proven or evident enough way without throwing multibranch forging away.
@_date: 2014-01-16 15:30:10
The title is fake. Law is about 1000 RUB(~$30) daily limit for anonymous money transfers(not payments). That doesn't affect Bitcoin at all(it's not recognized as money by Russian laws).
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:13:48
I guess you have a trouble understanding a solution, as the paper is about some attacks investigation with simulation tools, not any solution to be proposed. 


The point is to make all competing chains except one to lose weight(in comparison with winner) before k(a resonable number of confirmations). In this case the consensus property given by me will be met. I can't give more details at the moment, as we need to find two functions with desirable properties and check a lot of things around. I hope a paper along with executable simulation tool will be published by the end of January.
P.S Also please note almost all forks in Proof-of-Stake happen occasionally, as well as stale blocks in Bitcoin(more precisely, it's the result of an algo collisions in a decentralized environment and distributed environment properties as well). You can see forks running our modelling tools with no any attackers. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 09:01:24
Well if you dont' understand English of ours, read the code. 
And you completely missing the point, in the multibranch paper, contributing to multiple branches is not an attack, but allowed behaviour. So every forger is broadcasting contributions. Private branch attacks considered earlier.
Maybe this thread would helpful for you: 
@_date: 2015-08-14 11:09:14
Yes, I'm co-author. Papers are written following simulations implemented with Haskell / Coq :  /  . There're some introductory articles in my blog about model &amp; tools :  . 
So you can send pull requests to the tools if you've something in mind.
Could you please specific also, what paper are you talking about? We have few of them published at  .
@_date: 2015-08-13 21:08:40
Answering to all the comments of yours in one:
1. My discussion with Poelstra about his "treatise": 
2. There's simulation of private branch attack as well, so you just have missed it. When all the network is doing multibranching, private branches are not helpful.
3. If you have some constructive things to add to our models. I would like to see your contributions to our codebase or issues opened with clear(!) description of what do you want to see.
@_date: 2015-03-31 22:39:40
I wonder how kicking a miner off could be achieved in decentralized way. Bitcoin is totally bad example of decentralization as it has all three kinds of centralization: centralization of the database consensus(you have to trust ~10 mining parties, possibly colluding), centralization of holding(early miners / ~10 mining parties / centralized exchanges / feds / hackers have most of supply), centralization of development (you have to follow so-called "Bitcoin Foundation" &amp; "bitcoin wizzards" whether you find their statements reasonable or not).
@_date: 2015-03-31 23:00:55
There are some Nxt-like Proof-of-Stake simulations around(along with papers):  (Haskell / Coq)
@_date: 2015-03-21 03:33:36
Hi Andrew! Thanks for the detailed explanation! Well, if are talking about Nakamoto's / Miller's / Backbone Paper's definition of consensus(above some k, a probability of mutability of (N-k) chain prefix is negligible, or e.g. probability is going down exponentially with depth), so I would like to see the proof of impossibility of it using internal tokens as identity tools. For single-chain Proof-of-Stake it seems to be easy to enhance Backbone's model and get same results. The point is all known ways to enforce participants to build single-chain only are tricky and have unclear consequences because of hard-to-analyze mix of consensus &amp; economics properties.  That's why we ( went into investigation of Proof-of-Stake with contribution to multiple forks allowed. Simulations show the same consensus property could be met even for that environment(with the assumption of finite size of the blocktree &amp; some changes to chain quality function).  More formal approach(than simulations) is needed though, but it's crazy hard to reason around such kind of consensus.
I'm in the Bay Area for just few weeks, but hope to see ya someday!
@_date: 2015-03-20 23:22:22
Hi Andrew! Unfortunately, it seems quality of your rewrite isn't better than previous document.  In the first place, without consensus definition given, it's impossible to reason around it's (im)possibility at all. In the second place, it seems you're missing the point why computational puzzles were introduced in anonymous Byzantine Agreement. I recommend you to read the intro to the outstanding "Bitcoin Backbone" paper on that  . Then try to prove why anonymous Byzantine Agreement schemes ain't possible with other identity tools than computational puzzles(e.g. with internal tokens as in Proof-of-Stake). Havent' got your DMMS model in details, but it seems your paper doesn't contain good enough description &amp; analysis of the model, maybe you can point to other papers on that? 
If you're in Bay Area please come to my talk on Sunday  I'll explain Proof-of-Stake and our work on defining it's consensus model in details.