@_author: kuwaitirota
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:08:38
Bitcoin has value, but it’s in a speculative bubble right now. Scroll through the threads and its all about making gains, future price action, and evidence reassuring everyone Bitcoin is truly a technological marvel and is probably undervalued. 
Yes there’s value, and maybe the value is much higher than the $7K-10k we’re at now.
That does not mean we cannot be in a speculative bubble. It’s pretty obvious. Currency is a store of value used to trade goods and services. If all these threads are about “investing” and “profit” then we’re more or less treating BTC like some hot stock. Which is fine. It’s not a scam or anything; it is what it is. 
True believers buy BTC and hold because they don’t need to convert to USD since BTC is a bonafide currency. Anyone whose buys and holds and wants to sell back to USD values USD over BTC (and yes I understand BTC is not universally accepted so there will need to be an exchange for those reasons). They’re not in it because they believe in the foundation and warrants of cryptocurrency,  but rather are in it for a financial gain in their native government currency. These speculative traders contribute to the growth in value of Bitcoin; there is no way around it it. When they leave, when the speculative fun is over, there will be less people around: those who truly use Bitcoin as currency. 
So buy and sell if that’s your thing. Buy and hold. Or don’t do anything. These are the participants in this market. The growth is both intrisnic value &amp; speculative inflation. If you admit its both you can make more informed decisions. It is what is it is.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:25:32
That’s the true test. Right now we talk about BTC in relation to USD. Oh Bitcoin millionaires/billionaires - you mean $1,000,000,000 USD right? Why this relation with USD? When people start talking about the value of merchandise in BTC, that’ll be the day BTC is truly realized for its intrinsnic value. “Oh this iPhone costs .14 BTC” and we don’t need to convert to USD for peope to grasp its value. That’s it’s value: .14. We just aren’t there yet, and if we get there only time will tell.