@_author: kwahn
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:22:52
First time being tipped - thank you kindly for the reward, even if it sucked! :D
@_date: 2015-01-10 20:53:34
Eh, I'm bad at writing, but I'll give it a shot.  Warning:  Sick with no editing.  Sorry if it sucks.
Deep in an underground lair in California, a man celebrates.
2008 - Having been ruled by the Department of Defense for years, his talents wasted on products designed to fulfill contracts for greedy big-wigs, he has finally succeeded in threatening the government's true source of power.  He has succeeded in threatening the concept of centralized currency itself.  No longer would he be bound by a central organization's whims - he has created a currency that bows to no man, and transcends even his own great mind.  With the help of a team, and the secrecy of cryptography, it has begun.
2010 - The world has realized his genius. Bitcoin becomes adopted on the internet as a go-to fringe currency, but it gains traction as more and more processing power is put into creating blockchains.  It's not quite mainstream yet, but it's picking up traction.
2020:  Satoshi relaxes in his private penthouse suite, having made hundreds of millions off of his greatest work.  He looks over to his screens, scrolling transaction ledgers recording the enormous widespread use of the coin - *his* coin.  Behind him is an enormous bank of dedicated hash-crackers, worth hundreds of thousands, processing THs per second.  He doesn't need the money, but he contributes to keep his legacy alive.
2040 - Satoshi, now old but still healthy, looks at the market.  Due to advances in cryptology and processing power, bitcoin is slowly being phased out - it's still traded by many, and is the most popular currency, but it's being slowly phased out in favor of stronger, more modern currencies.  Satoshi sighs to himself, realizing that not all good wonders can last forever.  However, he is content; more than introducing bitcoin itself, he introduced the idea of a decentralized currency.  He weakened the grip of the government over the world, and is happy to have given everyone a great gift.
2080 - Satoshi is now more machine than man, and remains alert and healthy despite passing 100 years of age.  Bitcoin has long since been phased out due to advances in quantum computing and the destruction of classical cryptography as 2015 knew it.  While nobody may use bitcoin any more, many people still mine it as a hobby and a legacy - in hopes of one day seeing the completion of bitcoin generation.  Satoshi has experienced a lot in life - the advent of quantum computing, the advancement of self-replicating nanomachines, the complete shaking and changing of all world powers, and at the forefront of it all is money, and how he has irrevocably shaped the way the world deals with transactions.  No longer is trust required when transferring things over the WorldNet - it would take billions of years to crack anything even using the most advanced Q-entangled computing arrays.  Satoshi is proud of himself, and proud of the world for learning and adapting to new technologies.  
2140 - on Mars, Satoshi maintains a small warehouse with a classical ASIC array, pristinely maintained for over 100 years.  Scene-capture drones from every major information outlet wait outside in anticipation, watching for the creation of the last Satoshi.  The man himself awaits inside, preparing to reveal himself to the world, as the whirr of cooling and hum of electricity signify the processing of the last hashes that will likely ever be needed.  
And it is done.  Every single coin has been produced.  There is a cheer from inside, and in housing on every planet and station across the solar system, similar cheers erupt - history has been made.  The first "free" money has finally reached its epoch.  
There is a knock, and the warehouse door opens.  Satoshi himself comes out - almost entirely machine at this point, with some nanomaintained biological components.  He walks out of the warehouse, his optical gear analyzing the thousands of drones awaiting his words outside.   He walks up to the center of the mass of floating, silent, glowing drones, and begins to speak.
"You know of Satoshi Nakamoto, the creator of the first free currency.  Many have wondered who he was.  A man?  A group?  An organization of secrecy?  All of these are true. We worked together to create the first coin, and today, I have created the final coin.  It is completed."
As he says this, he activates a signal to turn off the warehouse behind him, and all noise ceases.  He grabs a chip, and holds it up.
"On this chip is the final block chain, all Petabytes of transactions, a history of every exchange made for decades.  And the name of the one who made this possible?  The one who conceived of this, after slaving away under the rule of a tyrannical and greedy corporation?   My name?  My name... is Gerald Herkunft."  
He then walks away, storing the chip safely into stasis.  He walks up into his personal transport and flies back to his mansion on the moon to live out the rest of his days quietly, as an observer of the universe.  
Collectively, trillions of souls in thousands of cities across a dozen worlds watch this history in the making. After he announces his name, there is a roar of cheers and applause.  After the cheers have quieted down, everyone looks at each other, and almost in perfect unison, trillions of people ask each other "...wait, who?"
@_date: 2019-01-04 20:13:24
Many well-read, educated white Christian men believed slavery was their right, and that black people weren't real people.  Legal systems were made around that, financial systems were made around that, and cultures were made around that.  


I mean, there must've been a reason slavery started to be viewed as an evil.  It wasn't religion, since that's been around well before American slavery and before the abolishment of slavery.  So what changed?  Why did we slide away from slavery, rather than further into genocide?
My theory is that a lot of it was financial, much like the reason slavery started was financial. Same reason genociding your slaves made no sense - means less production, which means less money.    I support my theory with quotations from people like John C Calhoun, the 7th VP:
However, as the abolitionist movement's agitation increased and the area developed for plantations expanded, apologies for slavery became more faint in the South. Leaders then described slavery as a beneficial scheme of labor control. John C. Calhoun, in a famous speech in the Senate in 1837, declared that slavery was "instead of an evil, a good—a positive good". Calhoun supported his view with the following reasoning: in every civilized society one portion of the community must live on the labor of another; learning, science, and the arts are built upon leisure; the African slave, kindly treated by his master and mistress and looked after in his old age, is better off than the free laborers of Europe; and under the slave system conflicts between capital and labor are avoided. The advantages of slavery in this respect, he concluded, "will become more and more manifest, if left undisturbed by interference from without, as the country advances in wealth and numbers".[74]
If slaves went from being a financial boon to a burden, or if white people felt threatened en masse or had a leader that declared black people evil and a threat and that they had to be removed, it could have easily turned into some sort of genocide.  There was just no good reason or force leading towards that - circumstances were favorable for slavery, and opposed to genocide, until slavery became unfavored due to northern/federal pressure (who had no need for slaves, not being plantation owners, and seemed to be more receptive to viewing black people as, well, people).  And that's what it really comes down to - circumstance.  People can do things they believe are wrong because it leads to a greater good (stealing food to not starve, white lies, etc.) because the circumstances lead to it being optimal in their eyes.  We orient ourselves based on others, based on our experiences, based on our elders, based on our ancestors, and based on our beliefs, shared and not.  So much goes into working out a system of right and wrong, on a person-by-person basis, that it's an incredibly complex and difficult subject to work through.
I sort of rambled a lot, and my lunch hour is ending, so let me know if you have any questions about anything I posited
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:51:45


This is not universally true.  I will kill someone immediately and lethally threatening my daughter's life.
Morality is purely subjective and relative.
@_date: 2019-01-04 10:53:55
They believe it is, so it's right to them.
I don't believe it is, so it's not right to me.
Most people believe it's not right, so most people work hard to stop it.