@_author: kwanijml
@_date: 2016-08-27 05:39:12
You are absolutely right, but I would just point out two things:
1. the security issues (and all the technical problems to solve in general) are the easy problems to solve in comparison to the coordination problems (free riding and assurance problems) inherent to producing a new money...and that producing the money will better create the incentives and environment in which the technical and UX problems are solved; more so than solving those issues will produce the money.
2. That this coordination problem I speak of in producing money, and the nature of a network good such as money, is such that (depending on how it is done) spreading "awareness" of problems (and certainly going full-retard over one issue, like does over the scaling issue), are paradoxically more destructive to both the monetary ends **and** the UX ends than they are helpful....and it's not just about public relations to the outside either...it is about preserving an ideological intensity and optimism among existing holders and entrepreneurs.  Minorities in critical masses, and all that.
@_date: 2016-08-05 11:56:50
Not sure what you mean by "rigged", or even what constitutes the bitcoin market for you (btc only transactions for goods/services? Buying btc on exchanges?)...but I can assure you that there is government coercion present directly, and as a function of unintended consequences, in all of that.
The markets for buying bitcoin, holding/storing, trading, and exchanging for goods and services are not free.  There is control and oversight.  Much of it from government, rather than market discipline or voluntary regulatory institutions.
@_date: 2016-08-27 05:07:55
Or, what if maybe, just maybe, what's important and revolutionary about bitcoin is its potential to become a monetary unit, and displace others in its ascent.
What if it's just not that important whether average people end up still needing banking services and payment or card networks (as well as new and decentralized methods) in order to safely and conveniently interface with the bitcoin money unit?
Hodl.  There's a wisdom and a market mechanism in play here with the lack of user-friendliness and transaction throughput at his point.  Production of money on a market (i.e. without a govt declaring it) is subject to coordination problems...it takes time and/or a massive commitment strategy among ideologically-aligned first movers and entrepreneurs.  Holding and creating fomo and demand and building network effect are everything.
That bitcoin's usefulness and security for the average person as payment network can aid in bitcoin becoming money; is still of secondary importance to its becoming money.... by any voluntary means possible.
@_date: 2016-08-11 16:30:36




Not sure why a lot of people think this.  Bitcoin does not yet serve all three functions of money to a high degree within some economic sphere.
Unit of account: btc is the unit almost nowhere (possibly on crypto/altcoin-exchanges)...rather, fiat monies serve as the units of account still (everybody still calculates the "worth" of the btc they are sending or receiving in terms of the dollars or euros or yen they worked for; prices of goods, even in crypto stores are listed in fiat and btc...with the btc floated against its exchange price to fiat, instead of against the supply/demand for the good in exchange for btc).
Store of value: while it's true that having a very long-term outlook on the value proposition of bitcoin has earned gains for many of us (especially those who bought pre-2013), the relatively high volatility of btc has made it a rather poor store of value in the traditional sense and for the majority of people looking to store value.  And of course, that long-term value proposition that some of us see is indeed bitcoin becoming money (which it is not yet...otherwise, what have I been hodling for?).
Medium of exchange: this is arguably where bitcoin has made the most progress towards becoming money, as most people use (and unfortunately most newer bitcoin users think of) bitcoin as primarily a payment network; a decentralized paypal.  But of course, btc transaction throughput still pales in comparison (even among bitcoin advocates) to our fiat and other centralized payment network transactions.
This is not to be negative about bitcoin's prospects; but to be realistic and also optimistic that the best, by far, is yet to come...and to generate awareness of the public goods problems inherent to developing a money on the market (as opposed to having government declare it money by fiat), and what it means to bootstrap our little proto-money into monetary actualization.
@_date: 2016-08-06 11:42:32
From the perspective of keeping our noses down in the shit, this is all well said and I agree with your account of these details...but let's elevate ourselves above it and stop worrying about the undigested pieces of corn in the crap.
Here's what matters: the law is unjust and wrong and counter-productive to peaceful and prosperous society, and against any moral code I care to associate with.
Anyone who truly cares about justice can only hope that bitcoin and these darknet markets continue to chip away at the power and influence of the state over people's lives.  For all the bad (actual victimed crimes) which can be done and do exist in these black markets...they pale in comparison to the corruption and institutionalized violence and theft brought about by government attempts at "justice".
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:30:55
If you actually take time to learn about how bitcoin works, you would understand why it is difficult to derive and measure any fundamentals, or at least ones similar to what we typically draw from in forex markets.
But just because they are hard to measure, doesn't mean they are not there; and nobody is arguing that bitcoin is not risky; just saying that it's also potentially highly rewarding, and that high-risk investments have their place and the volatility serves a purpose in producing a network good like bitcoin as it moves towards more of a monetary role.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:31:32
Very well said, and basically describes the meaning of the Neo and Morpheus meme.
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:57:10
@_date: 2018-01-02 04:32:10
Because the answer is that, bitcoin Cash (which I am referring to when I say "bitcoin") is not that poor a currency. . . not everywhere at least...It is in the U.S. where cryptocurrencies are being systematically hobbled.  But most importantly, and the reason why most of it's current price reflects speculation and not present use-value, is because a network good is necessarily only useful when it has a large network of people!  Bitcoin doesn't have a very large user-base yet (as compared to traditional currencies) and so is much more volatile and much less useful.  But we look ahead!  We look to the future (maybe only those of us who have a large enough neocortex apparently).  We fully understand and are aware that there is a coordination problem here, a classic market failure: wherein we need a lot of other people to hold this token, in order for it to be really useful. . . but it's hard to get a lot of people to hold this token, when it's not yet very useful.  That's why bootstrapping mechanisms are needed, including the volatility, which acts as a type of lottery, which is well known and widely used to produce public goods on the market and overcome free-riding problems.
I'm not telling you that you should invest.  But I am saying that the reasons one *might* invest mostly have to do with future value and utility.  It's really pretty simple; but for some reason there is this common mental block that **all** of you detractors seem to have in your thinking.  You seem completely incapable of thinking in any framework other than measuring a static state of something.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:20:25
You see the effects of statism (fueled by government-monopolized money).  You do not have "capitalism" as a counterfactual here, so your observations and criticisms of capitalism based on those observations are not relevant.
@_date: 2018-01-27 01:29:46
Cool story bro.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:32:05




Of course not. Its not a stock. 


Never go full-retard. There is no "one" who owns bitcoin as a fund, and is promising growth or returns or dividends.  Ponzi has a very specific definition and by definition, a public, decentralized cryptocurrency can't be one. Even tulips in the 1630's were not a ponzi scheme. Commodities can't really be ponzi schemes (now, derivatives could be made into one).


There's a lot of truth to this; bitcoin is not (yet) a money.  But you kinda have causation backwards: there is market failure or coordination problems inherent to getting a non-monetary commodity or token bootstrapped into position as a money...for better or for worse, the lottery-like speculation on and volatility of bitcoin's exchange price, is a market mechanism for bootstrapping this token into more widespread holding, so that the token's good monetary properties (fungibility, scarcity, durability, divisibility) can be fully actualized.
The tech of course has also begun, over the last few years, to limit the token's progress towards moneyness, because of the difficulties in scaling transaction capacity, before it became too popular for its own good. This obviously has made it a poor currency, because of high fees and slow confirmations.
Don't forget that some countries, especially the U.S. have been taxing cryptos as a commodity or capital good. This makes it de facto illegal or at least completely impractical for most people to use the token as a currency; as the tracking and reporting requirements complexify everyday spending (and can't just be automated simply in wallet software either) to a point that the vast majority of people are certainly not going to deal with, just to start spending and supporting some new experimental currency like bitcoin.
These and many other persecutions by some governments, have greatly curbed the use of bitcoin as a money, and instead, left it in the realm of speculators and day traders; so transaction loops are not formed and the gradual decline in price volatility which we were seeing has thus likely been halted.
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:38:07


Seems to me you just said that it will necessarily go to zero.
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:39:37
Sorry.  You asserted bitcoin has none.  
You're up; you get to try to convince me why I should believe that, just because you can't imagine what they might be.
@_date: 2018-01-02 04:11:14
You're still trying to distract from your burden of proof of your assertion that bitcoin will fail or has no real value or nothing behind it, or whatever it is exactly that you think.  It's not working on me.
What is your reasoning, or gtfo just like every other moronic skeptic who's come in here for over 6 years, trying to peddle wisdom to us "hapless" "euphoric" bitcoiners, who just don't understand economics.
But just to, again, show that I'm arguing in good faith and you're not:  I'll bite and again put your nonsense to rest.  In fact, I already said it:


The above applies to, if you are referring to a bear market in bitcoin; you are [dead wrong](
If you're referring to a U.S. downturn, that's debatable.  If you're referring to a U.S. recession, you're correct; bitcoin has not been in existence through one; but it is again on you to at least show evidence for why you believe this would spell the end for bitcoin.  In fact, bitcoin was borne out of frustrations with the factors which caused the last recession, and it is what motivated the initial cadre of users and developers (and continues to motivate to this day; right or wrong, informed or mistaken).  If anything, [bitcoin has shown to be countercyclical]( like gold, and would likely boom during a recession, as people run to park their money in deflationary assets.
Dude, listen: you're completely out of your depth here.  You need to just stop, and you need to more fully study bitcoin and [the formation of market monies]( before you can make a proper critique of bitcoin and what's going on.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:12:48
You've got the gist of it!
It's called: [free banking]( and its exactly how a modern economy can operate without a central bank and with a fixed money like gold or bitcoin, as base money; because money supply does need to be elastic in the short run. 
One way the market accommodates this without a [central bank]( is when competing banks would issue their own notes (or in the future, possibly some kind of crypto-token or second-layer system on top of bitcoin), redeemable for base money; and they have incentive to accept one-another's notes at face value, in order to get customers; but also incentive to keep their reserve ratios and investments modest, to avoid an influx of notes and redemption demands.
That's why its so important that bitcoiners learn the greater importance of bitcoin becoming a unit-of-account money, rather than focusing on it as just a payment network. Banks and other payment networks can and will be money/currency agnostic (I.e. what's important is that bitcoin becomes the monetary unit of account...not that its in-built payment network must replace all functions of banks and credit cards). 
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:27:43
Predictions that bitcoin will go to zero are just as unfounded as predictions that it will go to the moon.  You're making the same mistake that moon-people are: your assessment of the source and nature of bitcoin's value is completely wrong; and their assessment of banking's value is completely wrong.
How is it that you people still don't understand that bitcoin has bubbled into (relatively) higher territory than this, many times before, and has crashed and has had everything conceivable thrown at it and every opportunity to crash to zero already. . . yet for some reason, hasn't?
The phenomenon didn't start a year ago, just because that's when you first heard about it, ya know?
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:54:48
I don't know that it won't. 
You asserted that it will, or at the very least, that it will be surpassed by other cryptos and fall into obscurity.  That's a tempting line of reasoning:  We don't see the first iterations of most network goods around anymore- MySpace, etc.
But that's just one very small factor in a much bigger puzzle.  We do see some original network goods around when it comes to money; where network externalities are the most powerful (e.g. gold).  On the other hand; bitcoin is far from a money and does not serve well as money or currency right now.  That's in large part due to the Core fork (I subscribe to bitcoin Cash owning the rightful "Bitcoin" moniker, and it serves quite well as a currency), and due to some government's classifying bitcoin as a capital good for tax purposes (this borks all reasonable possibility to use it as currency legally, due to the tracking and reporting requirements) and other persecutions and interventions on the ecosystem.
But again, bitcoin has had 9+ years and almost every imaginable scandal and challenge thrown at it. . . and each time when it crashes, it never goes below previous low states, and it comes back and bubbles higher than ever.
I don't know if that's entirely good or bad.  I don't know if it will continue on this pattern. . . but what I do know is that the onus is now on detractors and hyper-skeptics to come up with cogent reasons why it is going to fail (and I don't mean crash 80%-90% in the near future. . .almost all of us would bet that that is likely). I mean, go to zero and fall to obscurity, because of this particular hype cycle.
It's on you bud.  What is going to cause it to fail?  Even if it's just pure market irrationality that has carried it this far and this long. . . why not decades longer?  And if it goes on that long; how likely is it that it does so without garnering a much larger network effect, better technicals and scaling solutions, and thus better price stability and a positive feedback-loop from such?
@_date: 2018-01-02 04:17:57
@_date: 2019-07-28 20:43:14
There are good arguments for the utility or even morality of taxation...you're not making them.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:51:00
Its the new "SWATing". Don't like your neighbor? Just print a QR code and stick it somewhere on his property...then place an "anonymous" phone call from a "concerned" citizen.
@_date: 2019-07-28 20:39:29
That's very convenient for detractors, and the IRS...since the tracking and reporting and other tax compliance/uncertainty requirements are the single largest thing preventing uptake of crypto for use as money/payments (rather than purely speculative trading)...thus preventing price stabilization.
"The beatings will continue until morale improves"
@_date: 2019-07-23 05:14:50
It's an incentives difference.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:23:26


I agree, and didn't suggest otherwise.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:26:33
Yes, the requirement itself to track and report basis and gains on every. single. transaction (if you were to spend bitcoin for everything you currently spend fiat on) is extremely onerous (particularly the way bitcoin works; out of so many different wallets and services and change addresses). 
The tracking and reporting is much worse than the paying of the tax. You might be some hotshot trader and you're all set up with software to track all this up front...but most people, they're just trying to live their lives and buy and sell the things they need, and there's no way they'd ever consider using bitcoin instead of dollars when they learn what they have to add to their daily accounting and year-end tax preparations. 
Most people have a really hard time just filing income tax with software (that is actually pretty confusing and time consuming if you're not a very standard case of income), and most people don't have a tax accountant...and no tax accountants until recently, had any idea how to handle bitcoin. 
Many people got into bitcoin before anyone had a clue that it was going anywhere; whether it would be taxed; how it would be taxed. They didn't or don't know, until after the fact, that they would make gains so high that it wi'll be worth their while to track or to use an accountant...so now they're in a bit of a no-mans land.
Regardless of these special cases which obviously won't be so much an issue in the future...you need to understand that the irs's classification is indeed a huge factor in preventing bitcoin being used as a currency.
Would treating it as a foreign currency be worse? I don't know. I don't care. The point is for government to get the fuck out of our business altogether and quit preventing markets from working. These taxes aren't even the half of how governments are screwing with bitcoin's development.
Next time you're tempted to think that bitcoin is failing or inferior, or some kind of wild-west reflection of free markets and why we need government...you'll know better.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:49:56
Just take a quick trip over to or if you want to see the biggest group of butthurt intellectuals and pseudo-intellectuals...who just cannot yet admit how wrong their initial appraisals were, and how blatantly they are giving in to priors and biases on this instead of applying any of their typical rigor to understanding it. 
And so they've doubled-down on stupid and rest their entire contention with it on: bbbuht "bit coin" is volatile.
[Delicious sample 1](
[Delicious sample 2](
I frequent the various econ forums and I can tell you that there has never been a more misguided and misplaced ire and willful ignorance among this crowd, than on the topic of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.  I mean, even if you think bitcoin is not likely to go anywhere; as an economist, you have to at least be extremely curious about the phenomenon...and yet, to my knowledge, precisely zero serious studies or research papers have been done to date, which explore the pricing phenomenon; or how and why the price keeps bouncing back an order of magnitude higher, or how the highly public good is even being produced on the market, at all, and the role that speculation and volatility have played in this. 
Nothing. Zero.  Only memes and straw-men.
Edit: fixed links to actual reddit comments section.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:30:20
I don't think that we disagree as much as you think we do.
See:  [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:47:55


Very true, and I was just the other day trying to convince a bitcoiner that (just like you've said): bitcoin must compete with legacy payment systems and offer some better or unique feature to the masses...not just to libertarians.  I believe that this is possible through many additional application layers (in much the same way that tcp/ip v4 is not adequate by itself to power the internet, and is in fact an inferior protocol technically...yet it underpins almost everything and persists because network goods ossify and there auxiliary protocols and services which spring up around it to solve the problems of its shortcomings).  I try to get bitcoiners to think past this anti-bank/anti-creditcard mentality, and recognize that a lot of banking is still useful and necessary, and consumer protections and credit lines will still be needed, no matter what currency the banks are dealing with. Some bitcoiners believe that those services can and will also be decentralized and/or crypto-based...but regardless; all of that and more is needed and I think it is childish and short-sighted to be afraid of "centralized" services, which already carry a majority of bitcoin transactions (e.g. Coinbase and Bitpay). 
All that said: I think you are correct that we don't have good reason to believe that a bitcoin monetary regime can do better than proper central banks are doing right now...but, I think we have reason to fear political externality from the control that governments do have over their central banks (one wave of populism puts congress directly in charge of board of governors and open market operations, for example)...and we have reason to believe that bitcoin is already a boon to those who live in poorly run countries, with mismanaged currencies. 
Now imagine what a much more stabilized bitcoin and mature auxiliary services industry and protocols could do for them! Bitcoin transactions already run over SMS feature phone in places like Nigeria. Imagine the benefits of full banking to the millions of poor subsistence farmers on earth, and how a worldwide, internet-based pseudononymous currency and banking system would revolutionize free trade and movement of labor and governance arbitrage through increased ability to emigrate and for capital flight from countries who refuse to liberalize fast enough. The possibilities are so staggering and widespread, that I have to believe that the reality will at least turn out to show bitcoin as a net positive.
There are cryptocurrencies with way better technical specs than bitcoin (just like ipv4 isn't the best packet switching protocol); but network effect is everything, and network goods ossify around "good enough".  All these other cryptocurrencies: they will experience the same politics and lethargy and difficulty "forking" or adding features and fixing bugs in their protocols as bitcoin has: this is a feature of maturity and network effects...and that's why technically-better coins are not necessarily a threat to bitcoin (some are not even close substitutes but fill their own niche).


Menu costs and sticky wages can be an issue with deflation. I don't have time for a broader treatment of this, other than to reiterate that a single deflationary base money does not have to mean that total money supply is not able to expand and accommodate growth. The money illusion is of course a problem, and especially  for employers who can't always maintain nominal salaries in the face of deflation; but they could also utilize wage contracts (instead of nominal salaries) which track a CPI or other price inflator. 


It goes both ways, no doubt. I've tried my best to give economists' pessimism towards bitcoin a fair shake and really understand where they are coming from, and I think that I can accurately restate the premise, yet be very optimistic about bitcoin. The bitcoin community is also full of raging lunatics.
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:56:58
Well, first of all, I'm not saying it is: that is completely beside the point of my comment.
However, by comparing proto-money crypto-tokens to social networks...you're making the same fundamental mistake that the "bitcoin-is-tulips" skeptics are:
Bitcoin and social networks are both considered network goods, true. But different network goods are subject to (or dependent upon) network externalities to various degrees...money being the utmost network good.
So, its not even clear that bitcoin must necessarily succumb to competition which has marginally better technicals or features, or what not.
But I agree that its absolutely essential to stay humble about it and keep an open mind. Bitcoin must still compete or die.
@_date: 2017-12-31 06:10:33
Aww cute! I caught a ripple shill.
He's too small, throw him back.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:35:58
Yup.  I can forgive people for not understanding bitcoin on a technical level (or in this case; not even understanding the fundamental point of blockchains and wanting a decentralized money or payment network). . . but at least shut your mouth about it when you clearly don't have a clue what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:39:34


That's not what I say, nor what I believe in the slightest.  I will give you that there do seem to be a lot of. . .blunt. . .bitcoiners, who espouse these crazy notions of what it is right now.
But that is irrelevant to anything I said.  Economists shouldn't and don't judge a monetary or other economic phenomenon by the immature comments of people on forums surrounding that topic. . . unless you're specifically studying the psychology of the bitcoiner.  That's not what economists study.  They haven't studied the bitcoin proto-money phenomenon nearly at all; that's my point; and yet they are rendering their professional opinions on the topic, in highly non-rigorous fashion and with little decorum.  At best, the reasonable one's have rendered opinion which states the obvious: bitcoin is interesting, but volatile, and thus not a good currency.  But we know that.  We get it.  We're not saying it's a good currency right now.  That's the whole point of this experiment.  Time to ask the interesting questions!  Like:  can the price ever stabilize?  If so, through what mechanism?  How does it even have a price, in the first place?  Why does it persist in repeated cycles of boom and bust, and yet come back higher; what's different here than a tulip craze?


Again, and for the 1,000,000,000,000th time:  That's not what I have ever argued.  A proper reading of what I wrote, and a literal cursory glance at any of my comments in the links, and throughout the rest of this thread, would have shown you that.
You are, exactly as the people I'm criticizing are doing; are regurgitating what you want me to be saying: a straw man: which even if accurate would still be irrelevant as to whether you have rigorously studied the bitcoin phenomenon as to render a hyper-skeptical or detractory opinion on it's present utility and future value and success.
Edit: better words
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:46:17
There seems to be some, more abstract concepts that you're not getting, because you're interpreting my words and the bitcoin phenomenon in a really strange way.
All I can suggest is that you really give my second link a good read, to try to shift your thinking on this...otherwise you'll continue to be baffled by this cryptocurrency phenomenon and have no explanation for why it can boom and bust over and over, yet keep coming back stronger.
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:15:30
No, I agree with you completely on these points...its just that I've had this conversation a hundred times and there are just certain people who perceive things in a different way that prevents any fruitful conversation.
All I can do is post what I've written and hope that maybe it will ignite a spark of understanding as to what I'm saying. I didnt post them to brush you off.  You could at least read them and then maybe let me know where you still disagree.
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:36:22
Of course.
I don't think anyone is interested in the truth about the tulip phenomenon because they're wanting it to justify a belief that bitcoin won't crash soon...
Not crashing at some point in the near future would actually be out of character for bitcoin.
No, we're just tired of clueless hyper-skeptics continually comparing bitcoin to tulips; when their different properties each make them respond to, and benefit from (in the case of bitcoin) the hype cycles in different ways.  A lot of us have been here through 4 or 5 such boom/bust cycles, and this one is not by any means the most severe or volatile.
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:51:53
"Nuh uh! Cause I say so!"
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:25:20
Fair enough and I've got to expect some of this; because I write long-windedly.  But I'm also having to correct a really deeply mistaken framework for viewing this, and so it takes a lot.  Ideally, people would only respond and criticize if they actually read what I wrote.
Also, hate to be a pedant here, but I just have to clear this up: 


No.  Is not yet a good currency (let alone unit-of-account money).  But that is highly insufficient to leave one's assessment of the bitcoin phenomenon at that.  You can't stop there.  You have to ask, why is it so volatile; yet hasn't disappeared (especially given the many many chances it has had and the many very public, in the spotlight, failures)?  Can it become more stable, and how?  Etc.


I think, or argue that a money (which is not actually the token good, but is the network of trading partners which you acquire when you receive and transmit that money token) is the public good (it is a network good, who's attainment is subject to public-goods-like coordination problems, such as free riding which threaten to prevent the production of the money: e.g.  why would I use a token which is not money; but how can a token become money if no one uses it because it's not useful because no one uses is. . . and round and round).


I hope, and have some reason to believe that the volatility is resolving itself and can continue to do so.  Fees, I think are actually highly relevant; but I'm not interested in getting in to that on this forum.
Thanks for your thoughtful reply.
@_date: 2018-09-17 21:52:58
We're talking about on-chain and off-chain transactions, and they are absolutely not mutually exclusive, but in fact complementary.
If personal custody is made illegal, then that affects the ecosystem regardless of whether people are using on-chain or off-chain payments, because there is always thr option to go on-chain to avoid govt controls...having off-chain solutions doesn't eliminate this mode. Plus, what is stopping the masses from breaking the law is not the lack of a way to do it, but simply their respect for rule of law. 
In fact Bitcoin has already been thwarted in its development into money, in western markets like the U.S. even just because the tracking and reporting requirements of being classified as a capital asset, make it de facto illegal to use it as a currency...that's why its been relegated to day trading and short-term speculative activities and why the massive merchant adoption we had going disintegrated.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:11:06


What made you think that's what I was saying?
@_date: 2017-12-30 12:53:57
We don't have all the facts on this.  Historically in this space, government's rules and regulations, or their criminal investigations or seizures and freezing of funds, have often been the cause of holdups like this, or outright losses.
The AML/KYC regime which Coinbase and others have to try to comply with is so Byzantine and ambiguous (its a "guilty until proven innocent" and "doesn't matter what means you use to catch launderers, you are responsible...so make them insanely tight" system)...that there's almost no possible way for any broker like Coinbase to play it safe and still manage to accommodate a very busy period.
Why on earth anyone would think that what is going on here is some vindication of a statist world-view is beyond me.
You're probably one of these morons who complains that nobody uses bitcoin as a currency...then turns around and celebrates the fact that the U.S. and other governments have classified crypto as a capital asset for tax purposes; never drawing the connection in your head about how those tracking and reporting requirements make it all-but-impossible to use crypto as an everyday currency.  You probably never draw the connection in your head between the government cracking down on small-time OTC sellers, and the dried up market there: which sends everybody to the hyper-regulated centralized services like Coinbase, in the first place. You probably never draw the connection in your head between the performance of the few Coinbases who can comply with the regs, and the general lack of competition. You probably never draw the connection in your head about how government courts lack of willingness and ability to protect the property rights of cryptocoin holders, and the turmoil that law endorsements investigations and scandals have had on the space and the regime uncertainty which politicians have caused with their rhetoric or threats of banning, translates to institutional uncertainty including lack of robust private insurance on crypto deposits and thus lack of auditing and accountability on that side of the business.
There is no invisible hand here...the jack-boot of government stomped it out a long time ago, yet hordes of autists like you still sit around screeching about "free markets".
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:05:27
I appreciate your comment.  I don't think bitcoin is *under*-studied either.  I think an inadequate framework is being used to understand it; and then the conclusions drawn are being used to mock bitcoin and bitcoin supporters, and make the assertion that bitcoin is doomed to fail.  This is not supported by the work done so far, and the work done so far does not ask the right questions to make such claims.
Just out of curiosity, and your professional opinion: 


Does the [price history of bitcoin]( really not strike you as anything new?  And if not, do you have any suggested reading or specific examples on the topic to get a better sense of other assets which have formed repeated bubbles and crashes, and then very consistently grown an order of magnitude?  Were any of these assets subject to high network externalities (such as good monetary properties like: fungibility, scarcity, divisibility, transportability, durability).  Did these assets crash spectacularly and completely due to their volatility, or did they develop into something else?
Thank you!
@_date: 2017-12-17 07:57:49
You're getting a lot of misinformation here. You are essentially correct. All purchases with bitcoin (not just trades for fiat on an exchange) are considered by the IRS as value realization events, and there are as yet no concessions made for smaller purchases.
It is completely under-appreciated in this community how thoroughly the U.S. and some other governments have thwarted bitcoin's development into money. It is defacto illegal to use bitcoin as a currency in the U.S. as the tracking and reporting of basis and profit on every single transaction the average person makes throughout a year, is onerous and completely unrealistic, especially given the wide range of wallets and services and addresses which are a necessary part of using a cryptocurrency safely. No one can be expected to deal with this, let alone adopt bitcoin over fiat; when it is made artificially so much more burdensome to do this.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:50:17
Thank you as well!
@_date: 2018-09-09 23:25:47
Where *some* Austrians failed...the Hayekian view of the importance of competition in money issuance, is likely what inspired the cypherpunks and others to see this as a primary area for cryptoanarchy to disrupt.
But yeah, the gold bugs and Rothbardians/Misesians, are a little baffled by cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:27:18


Well, to be fair, if you think that those statements of fact are just inconsequential truisms...then it is you who are going to find yourself on the side who is being unnecessarily dismissive.
The reason these simple facts get repeated is because most people (while saying they agree with and understand them) do not grasp their full implications and do not apply these lessons consistently.
"Intrinsic value" for example, is a completely legitimate phrase in finance, which has a very specific meaning with regards to stocks and other financial instruments...which have fundamentals which bitcoin does not possess. Yet you'll see many people try to apply that phrase and fundamentals to cryptocurrencies.
Because of it, people often get too hung up on metrics which we just don't have in order to price cryptocurrencies, and they make the mistake of thinking that bitcoin has no "intrinsic value" (to use their definition). They cannot grasp that a medium of indirect exchange is valuable in itself.
Again, try to think more abstractly here...because we'll never have a productive conversation about the specifics, until we understand the sense in which we are speaking of the generalities and the abstract.
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:56:10
Yeah, I've read a lot of these. Here's my problem:


"Bitcoin appears to behave more like a speculative investment than a currency." Yup. Wow. Good job. Tell me what we don't know. Tell me how bitcoin got to where it is, and where it's going. This does not address that pricing phenomenon or how a price was formed or how it is being sustained.


"Bitcoins prices contain a considerable speculative component.
Bitcoin markets are susceptible to bubbles.
The fundamental value of bitcoin is zero."
A non-centrally issued proto-money commodity or token like bitcoin, does not have fundamentals, like national currencies. For example, we can't look at GDP or a PPI. Looked at in that framework, sure, bitcoin has a fundamental value of zero. 
Not useful or insightful or along the lines of my criteria.




Okay, now these two which I hadn't read are a little more interesting, but we're just using statistical analysis and normalizing the data
"may be in the process of moving towards an efficient market."  
But will anyone look at why and what the mechanisms are, and what that portends for future price stability and use as a currency?


This one's above my pay grade.


Interesting, but basically just finding schelling points.


"This reflects a different underlying dynamic process generating the prices and volatility."
This line of thought holds some promise.


Yes, bitcoin needs to change some things, and scale on-chain.
Thank you for these, and I'll look deeper into them, but at the risk of sounding like I'm moving the goal-posts; do you not see how the profession as a whole is applying a number of inadequate frameworks for making any kind of holistic claim about bitcoin, or to address the issue of market money as network good?
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:42:57
Fractional reserve banking can be stable, nor is it inherently fraudulent.  It is quite a leap which anti-FRB bitcoiners make from what was written in the genesis block, to thinking bitcoin will end the need for banking or even that Satoshi was against it per se. You could possibly suspect an anti-central-banking message, but even that's a stretch.
Besides, the idea that tortured interpretations of Satoshi's scant words matter more than what bitcoin factually is and likely can become, based on its properties, is just silly.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:32:59
No, you're not actually. [Not in most countries]( anyway, and some outright won't let you. Renouncing and the back-taxes you will pay are even just the tip of the iceberg in terms of total costs of exit (which, if we look at the issue from a practical standpoint of costs of exit, makes exit an infeasible option for the vast majority of people and everything they know as home and culture and society...and this is not natures fault...this is due to the choices of other people...people who believe that they and their government rightfully control the movement of people).
But anyhow, the issue at hand is that "citizenship" was forced on you (even if you immigrated, you did so under the relative non-option of going anywhere but a different nation-state and relinquishing conditional control of your person and property to one of them).
Look, if you people were smart, you could make plenty of well-backed utilitarian arguments about why we need a taxing state, especially for the big public goods.  But you need to get it through your thick skulls that social contract theory is complete bunk nonsense. It is not defensible.  And you need to stop celebrating the coercion and taxation: understand that if the way things are is the way they must be...that is at best a necessary evil...but an evil nonetheless.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:45:35
^ this
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:14:41
A sweet. But statelessness, social democracy, or any societal governance structure in between, will seem like a dystopia for those of you who can't grasp basic cause and effect.
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:25:45
Its not about one way over the other. Moneyness (the only possibility a crypto like bitcoin has for long-term self-sustaining value) [is a difficult thing to achieve]( and will require **all** the ways and modes.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:55:09
The message included in the genesis block is not anti-bank, but anti-government. It was in reference to government bailouts of a government-controlled banking system (which bitcoin is something of a bulwark against...or can become given large enough network effects)
Marketing is not a service that bank customers demand (at least, not anymore than the evangelizing of bitcoin by us geeks is an informational service alleviating search costs to potential users).
You seem like just another one of these clueless, irrationally anti-bitcoin concern trollers who thinks they are peddling wisdom that us hapless bitcoiners just don't see. You are as uninformed and hyperbolic as the immature crypto-kids who post non-stop moon math and anti-bank memes here. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:37:56


Yes, I know. And in my links, I explain why that's true to an extent, but that the volatility is not only inevitable and unavoidable...but in the long-run, necessary to escape the volatility. Kind of a paradox, I know.
I'm hostile because you accused me of a certain mindset, without me having written anything which would give a reasonable person cause to believe such, and yet you had no idea how far from the truth you were...because you didn't even attempt to read any of my links either..but still found cause somehow to respond to me and act like I haven't given dissenting arguments a fair shake, when that's exactly what my links would have shown to you that I was doing and have been doing for a very long time...while the bitcoin hyper-skeptics have been literally ignoring any reasonable arguments from pro-bitcoiners; and are detracting without having put any kind of reasonable intellectual effort into even understanding the position of a bitcoiner, nor studying the causes of the phenomenon.
Your responses have followed the same sort of thought pattern.  That's frustrating for anyone...so yeah, you're going to get defensive bitcoiners when you treat people that way, and you're going to get us no longer abstaining from the "I told you so's" as we laugh in your face all the way to the yacht slip. 
It was about sharing something cool and that we thought important...now it's just about "get rich quick", because you wanted it that way, because you insist on treating us that way.
Get it?
@_date: 2018-09-27 00:22:01
Adults are talking honey. Outcomes matter, not intentions.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:45:43
How so?
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:57:31
I'm a (mostly) big blocker...but this is funny.
@_date: 2018-09-10 06:43:04
Definitely. And even if cryptos won out completely against government fiat, it would require at least some monopolistic competition between several fixed supply cryptos like bitcoin (not to mention a fractional reserve free banking system issuing their own tokens on top of bitcoin and others as base money) in order to accommodate shocks in demand to hold money.
@_date: 2017-12-17 07:48:14
Not only this, but you'll see even some economists make the mistake of comparing bitcoin to tulips....completely neglecting that a (proto)money like bitcoin is a network good; tulips are not. A tulip does not become more useful the more people who own one. A bitcoin does.
For better or for worse, these bubbles and busts of the bitcoin exchange price are the primary mechanism distributing this token more widely, and coordinating transaction loops. Lottery or games of chance, are powerful market tools for producing public goods.
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:17:34
Hey, thank you!  That's way too kind.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:56:44
Dear god, do you people even read? You're just regurgitating the same shit that the group-think craps out. You have no clue what I'm too deep in or not. Your perceptions of it are not based on what I've said, but what you want to believe.
Read the fucking links and all of my comments in those threads.  For the million billionth time: I KNOW IT IS VOLATILE RIGHT NOW. And I have spent years trying to get bitcoiners to even recognize that bitcoin is not serving as a money.  Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Your comment only serves as yet another prime example of the mindlessly shallow treatment that bitcoin is getting and the unfair shake that bitcoiners have gotten from the masses of non-thinkers like yourself.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:37:56
As an agorist revolt against governments (who presently control banking), I pass too.
In a more voluntary world, with a freer banking system, most people are likely (and beneficially so) to utilize banking-like systems to complement and enhance their crypto-wealth.
@_date: 2017-12-17 08:56:03
No. I'm definitely not advising anyone to evade taxes.
I'm saying that because the requirements are so burdensome (not even so much the paying of the tax, but rather the tracking and reporting and filing), that it is having a detrimental impact on the development of bitcoin.
[Yet one more case-in-point which just popped up](
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:33:17
Cute. But plenty of us used to use it for everyday purchases...and of course, that was back before the IRS ruling...which was before bitcoin had as much time and nearly as much exposure in order to be picked up by merchants, so of course, you'll derp on about how there was no place to spend it even then.  Clearly bitcoin and bitcoiners are stupid because we didn't find a magical way to program immediate worldwide acceptance of and ubiquity of a brand new digital asset that nobody had ever seen before.
Yup, a very astute and fair and falsifiable critique of bitcoin you've got there.
Or maybe you're referring to the high fees? Well, that is a cogent critique now, but was not the case for most of bitcoin's history...so you still don't really have a point. Furthermore that's why we have bitcoin cash, which a lot of us consider the main fork of the protocol, and fees are very low and will continue to stay low enough to use as a currency, were it not for the tax rules...plus we're having to largely start over with onboarding merchants.
So again, you're completely off the mark. Try again though.
@_date: 2015-12-23 18:50:08
I don't necessarily disagree.  Does it matter?  I expounded upon your comment by expressing the most general way in which the right circumstances to educate ourselves comes about (i.e. incentives).
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:09:08
Its really unfortunate though, because taxing it as capital asset, locks it into that and prevents people from being able to use it as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:52:12
Also, capital gains tracking and reporting will destroy him (if in U.S.)
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:30:29
But bitcoin and tulips having completely different properties: the hype and mania do two different things to these two commodities.
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:38:28
I'm interested in better understanding the issue with artificial scarcity (I understand, and to an extent agree with the macro consensus on deflationary currencies).
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:27:17


are not services which banks provide their customers. Those are internal (it would be like citing RIPEMD-160 as a use-case of bitcoin, rather than something *bitcoin* uses to accomplish it's use-case to its users)
 You could argue that analysts and advisors are customer-facing, but it was reasonable in the context to conclude that you were referencing the internal functions of those.
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:45:15
Well thanks!
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:35:15
Oh, I agree...its my post is just a frustrating and telling expose of how blinded everybody is or can be by status quo bias or other biases.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:40:56
Yeah, no. Sorry, but you need to go back to school on this if that's what you think.
You can start by reading [this writeup]( of mine, and then make sure you read all of my comments in those two links (all throughout those threads) where I corrected their non-sense and received no actual rebuttals at all...the point being that I have spent years researching this topic from an economic perspective and conversing with economists, and I know how little proper treatment the phenomenon has gotten.
@_date: 2015-12-17 03:19:42
Help me understand.  I supposed you could say that it's potentially not future spending for a few, very hapless, very unlucky suckers who hold onto a failing currency until it crashes completely to zero and they are never able to sell it or trade it away. . . but other than this, I fail to see for what purpose and what outcome you believe people save money and other commodities.  
They hold in order to hold some more in the future?  They hold to be 3edgy5me?  What?  I don't get it. 
Why do you believe that present spending is necessarily more desirable individually or societally than future spending?  Or what ratio?  And who best determines that?
Also, did you read any of the rest of my comment?  Or are you just going to stop there with your smug reply?
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:09:50
I've read Capital. I still have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:57:28
Its the tracking and reporting which are far more onerous than paying the tax.
This borks the ability to use any crypto as a currency.
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:38:36
Let me give you a few links to get you started on the general conditions of lack of competition in and evolution of political and legal structures today, as well as looking at the more positive elements of different political and legal systems which have existed and do exist today:
[A sub about polycentric law and legal systems](
[writings on different legal systems](
[A good talk on how polycentric law exists in the western tradition already and how it can be taken further](
[A look into how cryptography, blockchains, and decentralizing technology can aid in bringing about more desirable social and political arrangements](
[A hypothetical look at a society in which there is no central or monopoly government, and how incentives might align to produce what we expect to see in a functioning society](
At the very least, reading through and watching this material should at least get the average person to consider how political technology has evolved over the ages and question the assumption that western democracy is somehow the pinnacle of human political achievement. . . and help that person to have a sense for the ways in which current governance can change and should change in order to produce individually desirable outcomes while still producing public goods.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:48:05
Thanks, I guess.  But yeah, no. That's not the standard economist's contention.  And I've spent years rebutting misguided ones as yours from the layperson, but also economist's contentions.
Nearly everybody misses the point completely, and uses an incorrect framework through which to assess the bitcoin phenomenon.  
Its not my purpose in this thread to make those arguments (but let me know and I'll send you some links); the point is to read through those links which are tragically typical of the shallow treatment that bitcoin is getting in more academic circles.
@_date: 2015-12-17 04:33:09
Wow what a compliment.  What do I say but thanks!  
I'll be sure to let it go to my head :P
@_date: 2015-12-23 18:24:17
And of course, the best inclination and circumstances come from the incentives which a market vote has (vs. a political vote). . . bringing us full-circle back around to what meant by:


It is in having value, money, capital, or resources at stake that humans are most likely to educate themselves. . .and it is only in bearing the actual opportunity costs that real, economically meaningful preferences are revealed.
@_date: 2015-12-24 02:22:27
Point well taken.  I know I come across to some people as trying to sound smart and m'ladyish.  I'm just trying to use as accurate of language as I can and also fully convey ideas.  I am not good at being concise because I feel like the nuance often left out is important.
@_date: 2018-09-07 17:35:03
Society is the imposition of a slight majority's will on an unwilling minority?
Fuck your 18th century quack-philosophy. That's simply law of the jungle bullshit, one order removed so that you can tell yourself you're civilized.
Society is based on the pursuit of actual consent of individuals, not the glorification of the unfortunate-but-necessary commons.  It is based on cooperation, not force. That's why English common law was more successful that the somewhat more collectivist continental legal systems: it, more than any other, enshrined the sanctity of the individual.
Its true that majoritarian rule is, for the foreseeable future, and in practice, going to have to be employed to govern over some commons, and that some commons will be unavoidable for now; at least work towards better voting mechanisms (like ranked or quadratic)...but quit celebrating that fact and enshrining that as a desirable or ideal thing...the civilised mindset is one which looks to free the individual, to every extent possible, from coercive and non-contractual relationships.
You've completely missed the whole point of bitcoin, if you don't even realize that that is exactly what it is, and what it is developing towards: it eschews majoritarian rule and is instead an opt-in/out relationship. It exists to provide individuals with options (you won't *have* to use your government fiat if bitcoin can develop into money); to allow those oppressed by majorities or dictators, to have some way of holding on to and transferring their wealth. *That* is society.
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:37:27
But in our present world, most people don't want more voluntary institutions (at least they don't think they do), they want convenience, safety, and to grow their wealth...all of which banks help them with presently, even given those aspects we may not like...so given how difficult it is for this average person to use and grow their bitcoin safely, I'd say that even government controlled banking could provide more benefits than costs to this average person, and enable them to use crypto at all.
@_date: 2018-09-10 02:25:21


Should, but in practice with most misesian and Rothbardians, most the time it doesn't. They are hung up on gold and silver, and wrongly [hung up on anti-FRB]( comes from misunderstandings of how banking works, and  denial of the very real market failures in macro phenomena and frictions.




Mises unfortunately got hung up on Menger's one major error regarding the nature of the origin's of money's value: that it must reference something other than the utility of the service (the network-good as a whole) of means of indirect exchange (I.e. the money good is not the token but is the service of the network as a whole)...Menger did mental gymnastics to try to say that the value could not exceed the non-monetary use-value of the commodity, and Mises, not liking that, did even more gymnastics with the regression theorem. [The point is that money **does not need** to *not* break the regression theorem, nor does it need to reference commodity/non-monetary utility, in order to have value.](
Rothbard at least understood this highly abstract nature of goods...but never extended it to or developed that fact in regards to money and just stuck to Mises' outlook.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:01:08
[Network good]( in economics, refers to the degree to which a good is subject to network externalities (i.e. gets more useful the more people who use it).
Bitcoin has very few current or potential uses outside of that as a token of indirect exchange. Smart contracting could be another, and is also highly subject to network externalities. But a money is the ultimate network good: and any token which possesses good monetary properties (e.g. scarcity, fungibility, durability, etc) is a network good to some degree, even before it has garnered enough acceptance (or network effect) to be considered a money.
Bitcoin is of course, not serving right now as a good money or currency; in large part because it has not yet garnered nearly the network effect that it needs in order to serve as money.
Part of the reason for that is the inherent coordination problem in developing a money on the market; I.e. market failure.
There are other forces and factors which are hobbling or preventing bitcoin from progressing (e.g. the U.S. and some other countries have made it de facto illegal to use bitcoin as a currency, and are persecuting it in other ways, scaling solutions have also failed to materialize in time, on the main chain, resulting in an unusable payment network, destroying part of the proto-monetary qualities of the token).
And please don't tell me that you're one of these silly people who call the speculation a "use" of bitcoin ?  That thinking is born of an idiom: e.g. "bitcoin is only used to speculate right now".  Bitcoin is not *used* to speculate...rather, bitcoin is speculated upon.  We do this with all goods and services, but with a proto-money, its only natural that its price would be subject to a high degree of speculation about its future value , future price, and future network effect.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:06:53
Keep in mind that in cases where human action is a large part of the subject (e.g. when will a terrorist act happen, or when will the oculus rift be released), even the wisdom of crowds will not prove to be much more predictive. . . because these systems can and will react to the publicly available and crowd-predicted information. 
Crowd-sourcing knowledge is more valuable against systems that can't react.
This will however, make it intensely difficult for, say, a terrorist org to plan attacks; because they know that even if though they can change the date or nature of their attack in response to a correct prediction, this creates massive dis-coordination and other costs for them.
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:21:01
Now believe and be saved.
@_date: 2018-09-17 01:18:05
This comment is as misguided as the OP: the comparison is bad (apples and fucking dragonfruit) because bitcoin and banks serve two *mostly* different purposes or fulfill mostly different ends. *Not* because banks have analysts and "bitcoin" doesn't. If bitcoin were literally a decentralized cryptographic replacement for banking, then it would indeed make complete sense to note that bitcoin did not require such (ostensibly) wasted labor.  
In fact this whole anti-bank zeitgeist in the bitcoin community needs to die. Even if bitcoin took over the world in terms of currency usage, banks are and would be currency-agnostic.  If you ask me, bitcoin creates even more need for the warehousing and safekeeping services of banks, as compared to the exigencies which arose from the properties of storing and safekeeping cash or commodity money. And of course, banks do far more than this, and play an indespensible role in the health of the macro-economy.
@_date: 2018-09-19 22:36:05
Most people still do not own bitcoin/crypto, and I'd wager most who do, do not own a significant portion of their wealth (or a significant portion of their income, if they are earning bitcoin) in crypto....there is so much more potential demand than how you are characterizing it.
This of course is not to say or predict that bitcoin will fill the use cases in the masses' lives, such that they transfer the larger portion of their wealth to it; just that your logic has been used before (after 2013, for example) to claim that everyone already knew about it or owned some and that the price could never bubble like that again), and been wrong.
@_date: 2015-06-28 11:16:20
I loled
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:44:39
We know certain things about human action with a high degree of certainty.  
For example: all else equal, a higher price will result in a decrease in demand.  All else equal, interest rate manipulation (via open market operations or straight up money printing and lending to banks) will cause investors to act counter to the actual societal rate of savings (since interest rates serve to coordinate savings and investment decisions), and malinvest, or invest in the wrong stages of production and in the wrong relative amounts.
What we don't always know, and what models cannot always know of or predict (because they can't control for and isolate) are all the other myriad factors in the economy and their relative magnitudes and their interplay.  Thus, even when we observe empirical data flying in the face of economic law (such as an increase in minimum wage not resulting in an observable decrease in demand for labor); this does not negate these laws.  It simply lets us know that we likely could have expected (in the case of the minimum wage hike) higher employment than what we observed if we had not had a minimum wage hike.  Or in the case of the business cycle and recovery; if we observe some recovery under a fiat system and fiscal and monetary stimulus regime. . . this does not tell us anything other than that we could have expected a more robust recovery had markets been allowed to clear and the deflation allowed to happen.  We know, a priori, that these policies are destructive and we can only thank our lucky stars that we are so insanely productive as to be able to maintain a reasonably comfortable standard of living through the busts and the malaise of government administered "recovery".
The laws of economics are known and predictable forces, which are almost universally in play. . . but not solely responsible for observed phenomena; they are in play alongside many other variables.  Complex systems are not appropriately the domain of empirical science alone.  That is why solid micro foundations are so important in developing good macro economic theory (and much of the profession has strayed far from this humbling limitation).
Saying with certainty that the Fed helped ease the crisis and spur recovery is like a quack doctor giving a sick but recovering person a mild poison and claiming that they are recovering because of the "medicine", rather than in spite of the medicine.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:29:12
[Here.](  If interested in shortening, skip to the "conclusion" rubric.  
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:57:09
This is a feature of political economy which is a type of market failure: producing good law is a public good; and between rational ignorance in voters and the fact that 1 person with $1m will always be able to do more (politically) than 1 million uncoordinated people with $1...well, you have the corruption we see and the state of the law as an expected outcome of democratic republics, not an exception.
This is what democracy is.  We can do better with political technology than this...but people don't want to.  They want to keep focusing on voting harder...passing more laws...thinking that making a central entity even more powerful is not going to invite all the more corruption.
@_date: 2015-06-25 16:48:53
Not "no shit".  This is, incredibly and unfortunately, a very difficult concept for most people to grasp:  That this kind of cronyism and revolving door is not just some minor problem with our current and particular government, sometimes; but is actually just one of many major problems/costs that is a consistent feature to centrally and coercively regulating (i.e. by government) anything. 
@_date: 2015-12-17 06:07:21
Thanks for that.  That's interesting, and from what little I've read on John Nash's basket-of-goods ideal currency on my own and in your link; it seems that he does agree that the market can and does produce money (or that it evolves naturally).
I can't say that I understand what his fixation is with government decree taking the currency the "rest of the way".  I can only assume that he's referring to purchasing power stability. . .as his other writings allude to a dissatisfaction with gold in that respect.
Notable interruptions in gold suppply and price upsets in history can usually be traced to state action; so I'm not sure why he feels that a market-money can't achieve an adequate price stability.
I won't pretend to know more than John Nash. . . but it seems to me that he arbitrarily places highest value on purchasing power stability.  While stability is no doubt very important and in practice, will be manifest in the most successful currencies. . . this is not to say that from time to time, other values don't outweigh stability.  An aging population might very well be primarily dishording their savings over several decades and you could see price levels rise (an apparent slowly falling value of the money), and yet this would be, not only acceptable; but indeed necessary to allow the money to depreciate commensurate with the end of saving and beginning of dishording, so that interest rates would coordinate a shift of focus onto stages of production which produce for consumption now. . . rather than investment into lengthening the capital structure.  
Prices mean things and they coordinate the production and consumption and conservation of scarce resources.  The individuals in society horde and dishorde their money at various times for various (good) reasons (expanding and contracting the money supply) and changes in the prices of the various goods and services in the economy in relation to one another and to the money are necessary signals which cannot possibly be muted; except without disastrous consequences.  As detailed a basked of goods and method as CPI tries to be; inflation/deflation are never a perfectly uniform rise or fall in the prices in the economy, and these fluctuations are not necessarily distinguishable from more localized or exogenous price changes.
That is my shallow understanding of Nash's proposal and what I can see at least immediately wrong with my interpretation of it.
@_date: 2015-06-22 20:32:46
"Free the market, free the world"
I do not think that phrase means what you think it means.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan of the particular brand of "austerity" which is going on in many european states (they tend to stick it to the little guy for show, whilst maintaining the most egregious excesses for the well connected and political classes); but the people out protesting against austerity want their pensions and benefits and social safety nets and government intervention and government spending and free goodies of all sorts.
They do not want free markets.  They do not want a free world.  They want to preserve their privileges (and yes, to great extent to preserve the privileges they were promised and worked many years for) from the inevitable cure of real and hard austerity which will come to them at some point, regardless of what their governments can do and what they petition their governments to do or not do.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:10:39
Not rambling. I appreciate the comment. I have to be honest though, it of course isn't any different than what I already know from my study of macro and what I've already seen economists say on the topic.  And frankly, I think you can see that your response (and what economists know) did not cover the aspects of this phenomenon that I brought up, and there is no cause to think of bitcoins like tulips or any of the other speculative asset bubbles we've seen.


My thoughts are that I understand the economic consensus on this, and I agree with it...within the institutional environment in which it has been studied and policy implemented. 
It also can't be stated strongly enough that central banks do not smooth out the kind of rapid and short-term volatilities that we see with bitcoin.  The fed targets inflation and/or interest rates over longer periods of time, and there is typically a good lag between its OMO and changes in those measures. The dollar is very stable in the short term, because it has a massive market cap, is held by a large economy and internationally, and is the unit of account for nearly everything in the largest economy in the world (unit of account status creates huge path dependence and expectations, in a positive feedback cycle). Even gold was more stable than it is now, when it was held and used as money.
Money is understood to be neutral in the long run. Press a macro-economist hard enough, and they will (reluctantly) admit that the superiority of slow steady managed inflation (as opposed to slow steady deflation) is a feature of present expectations and institutions.   Economists will cite the volatility of the gold standard in the U.S. and the famous pre-Fed banking panics, as evidence that a central bank-managed fiat currency is superior. But this had little to do with any universal features of deflationary currency or free banking: instead, it had much to do with government monopolization of specie and coinage, mismanagement of the bi-metallic standard, and a slew of bad policies which disallowed banks from inter-state lending and finding an effective lender of last resort. Gold and silver definitely have their own inherent issues as money; but bitcoin actually improves on a lot of these.  Better-managed free banking regimes (even using gold as base money) have been far more stable and successful than the U.S.'s so-called period of "free banking". Central banks didn't get it right for about a century either...an intellectually honest person has to consider that more modern, and matured, market-based or free-banking monetary systems could be doing very well; especially under a superior base money like bitcoin, and the freedom to issue their own cryptocurrencies or notes on top of existing cryptocurrencies.  Markets have mechanisms for accomodative and even counter-cyclical monetary outcomes.  Dig in to some George Selgin for more on this.  Scott Sumner will never jeopardize his career and credibility by admitting this: but if market monetarism is correct, it portends something a little more radical than just switching to NGDP targeting.  
A free banking system and bitcoin as a full-fledged, unit of account money, is clearly a radical departure from our present institutions. And anyone would rightly worry about the efficacy of cryptocurrencies due to the inevitable (continued) state persecution and improper regulation of them (just one e.g. classifying bitcoin as a capital asset, requiring reporting of and tracking of capital gains tax on every transaction, had had a huge impact in the U.S. on preventing people from using it as a currency). But then this is not a shortcoming of crypto, but of government and the political process..and it should be denounced by economists, not bolstered by Stiglitz and others calling for out-right banning.
Present institutions can change, though, and I think that technological change will be more powerful in bringing change about (even if bitcoin ultimately fails) than politics and academic support.  Bitcoin is slowly stabilizing as its market cap increases. It needs a critical network effect that its not even close to yet, and it needs the space to mature and find transaction loops and to begin to serve as a unit of account in more spheres, and benefit from positive feedback loops. It has immensely good latent monetary properties.
@_date: 2015-06-27 14:26:18
Don't agree with your posts, but have an upvote and a tip for saying it really well and politely.
3 mBTC
Even from an Austrian perspective, there's no predicting whether the outcomes of current policy will be disastrous.
The way I see it is that we tend to underestimate how massively productive and entrepreneurially nimble and technologically capable our societies have become, and especially since the advent of the internet; such that this productivity somewhat neutralizes, what would have in times past, been impoverishing and depression-causing fiscal and monetary policy.
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:02:32
I think more accurately, or more holistically, bitcoin's full potential is as a money (store of value+medium of exchange+unit of account), rather than just a payment network, or proxy for other monies.  
Bitcoin is going to need an obvious utility moving forward (and that will primarily be its use as a payment network). ..but the network effect that bitcoin has achieved was conceived in, and continues to be primarily driven by long-term speculation on its value as a fully actualized money . . .it's value as a new unit of account to partially or fully replace existing monies.  To disconnect the state from the issuance of money (at least to some extent) and to provide a market-based money for the entire world, which is native to the internet and not subject to the whims of another sovereignty than whatever one you happen to be trapped under.
Since a bitcoin is virtual in nature (i.e. we cannot grab it with our hands and trade it via sneaker-net), then it is of course necessarily tied up with its own payment network or means of transfer.  But this was always secondary to its potential as store of value and money, and (while I don't believe there needs to be any blocksize cap at all eventually, ala Peter R.'s work, and that even with LN or other payment layers bitcoin network itself will still eventually need to handle a lot more tps) this fixation on tps and immediate utility is kind of silly.  It will come.  Demand will create supply.  Organically.  Rather than the somewhat contrived merchant adoption wave that we saw. . . which failed largely because few of those merchants demanded bitcoin.  They simply satisfied a glut of misguided attempts to produce supply and expect commensurate demand.  Demand to hold will create supply of good development and useful outer layers of payment rails and contracting and other services. Demand to hold will create a supply of merchants and consumers who actually value the unit and account what they can obtain with it, in terms of BTC instead of $ or  or   
People must first demand to hold bitcoin, widely.  Merchant and consumer adoption will come along with that.  The role of the entrepreneur has always been to see the future as best as possible and take risks that pay dividends to them and to society if correct.  
This demand to hold will be based somewhat on its payment network utility, but will also need to be a reflection of a future-oriented evaluation of bitcoin's latent properties and potential as money.  That speculation is part of a market mechanism to overcome the public goods problem inherent to bootstrapping a new currency and monetary system onto an economic sphere (i.e. becoming the most saleable commodity).  
That is what is meant by "bootstrapping the currency".  That is why criticisms of bitcoin's present volatility are so shallow.  That is why it is misguided to necessarily shun the "get rich quick" FOMO mentality.  Lottery and chance are one of the ways in which markets overcome free-rider problems in producing a public good.  The whole point of this is to see how quickly a decentralized market of un-coerced actors can produce a public good via the price mechanism.
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:55:53
I guess people will just have to adopt a more [consistent]( view, then.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:54:32
I think you may have been downvoted partly because the whole premise of this thread is that we *are* building those institutions which can/will replace functions of the state (and slowly make the state obsolete, rather than pulling the rug out from under the folks who rely on various services).  Agorism in action.
@_date: 2015-12-17 07:38:29
But a next-best-thing or asymptotic icpi is beneficial in the mid-term to temper the political realities of money evolution?  Am I getting that right?
Anyhow, appreciate the insight and will read into it more as I have time.
@_date: 2015-12-17 04:08:35


No.  "holding" is a misnomer here, or at least is being used in a different way for what you're talking about with the painting.  What you are actually doing with that painting is consuming, or deriving direct utility from it. . .rather than deriving indirect utility or saving it (though of course it is possible to be "holding" the painting simultaneously in both ways).  Holding a painting in the way we hold bitcoin or gold or dollars might be more like Nazis squirreling art away in caves; they believed they would derive more utility from it by consuming or exchanging it in the future.  Commodities like bitcoin have relatively more use value as a vehicle for indirect exchange than they do for direct consumption or enjoyment (though it's possible that some people just love their precious and derive more satisfaction just staring at their bling or a pubkey all day).  So they tend to get used for indirect exchange. . . ultimately currency/money, if the market so chooses them as the most saleable good.  Besides, we had moved past the painting thing, and I think you know that, and anyhow this is all a distraction.  Let's get at the heart of what you said.


Because you said:


You're of course entitled to your own speculation about whether bitcoin will succeed in becoming a widely used currency such that a significant number of people buy everyday items with it primarily.  I have my doubts too!  But, as I gave reasons for in my previous comment, it doesn't make a lot of sense to hope for bitcoin to remain in its present state in perpetuity (that is to say, a passable store of value, a pretty good medium of exchange, and almost never-used unit of account) and yet not diminish in utility, especially relative to the myriads of other centralized payment solutions which will come online and much more immediately stable, government issued stores of value.  Why would anybody choose that?  I'm not saying there's no reasons. . . but it certainly does give us a clue as to why so many bitcoiners are rabidly advocating for development to keep pace with the centralized services and focus on the number-of-transactions, and ease-of-use front.


That's great, and I don't mean to attack you too hard, but I think I just showed why what you said is somewhat contradictory, and I don't think that your very common insult. . . 


. . . goes answered near enough.  Or at least not satisfactorily.  I think I gave good reasons why it's not quite fair to strawman bitcoin speculators (institutional or novice) as fantasists, or if not a strawman, then not fair to try to discredit those who may be get-rich-quick schemers as merely fools who are serving no possible future good.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:00:53
A fool and other peoples' money even sooner.
@_date: 2018-08-21 23:52:33
That's obviously good, but bad law is bad law, and keeping bad laws on the books contributes towards a culture where law is not respected...because its not respectable.
@_date: 2015-06-21 17:59:04


Correct in the second sentence.  But as defined in economics, bitcoin is not yet serving as money.  It is not used widely as unit of account (this of course being the principle argument of the Mengerians; that it can never achieve that unit of account status).


We can only hope.  But what I find disappointing is how everyone has all but forgotten about the IRS's classification of bitcoin as property and FinCen's onerous and vague requirements on everyday users: why are we all so certain that these things have not already stifled bitcoin's progression towards money, to great extent?
If we want to wait timespans in the magnitude which it took gold or other physical commodities to become money, for bitcoin to become money....sure, sit back and relax and let the more organic, granular emergent properties of markets guide this along to its very likely end as money.  But we're also conducting a (less granular, more directed and entrepreneurial) social experiment here: to try to bootstrap a commodity into liquidity of sufficient depth and breadth that the public good (of a new monetary unit entirely) is produced relatively swiftly, without central command and control.
The latter only happens if new and old bitcoin users gain (or retain) an explicit understanding of what money is and the goal and means of bootstrapping bitcoin into money being central to their speculative and entrepreneurial calculations.  The latter only happens if there's at least awareness of what factors are or may be distorting the market and causing unintended consequences.  The BitLicence seems like a sideshow to me compared to what the IRS, FinCen, and the general regulatory uncertainty which govt produces, has already done.
@_date: 2018-08-31 23:15:02
Capital gains tracking and reporting requirement is having the same chilling effect on bitcoin too. BTW. 
It is de facto illegal (at least completely impractical) to use bitcoin as a currency, given what you have to go through to adopt this new currency, which isnt even stable...so that alone destroys the possibility of bitcoin becoming money; until such time as people ignore those laws en masse, or the irs and other revenue agencies reclassify cryptos.
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:46:54
I would happily run the experiment to free the world of all other forms of govt intervention except social safety nets.  That's the last thing I'd get rid of...which underlies my dislike of the particular brand of austerity going on.
I would gladly pay taxes for social safety nets if that was the only way to take care of the needy.
But the reality is that ultimately, if you give an institution power to tax for social services, it will always end up taxing for other things, like dubiously "defensive" war.
Coercive monopoly govt is the cancer.  Wanting to rid the world of it has nothing to do with wanting or not wanting safety nets and education and defense and any of these other things which are just goods and services which, like all goods and services are better provided for on a market.  The answer to the age old question of "who watches the watchmen?", is: competition.
@_date: 2018-08-17 15:27:26
Ah, you're one of those people...you think jobs make us wealthy. You don't understand the mechanisms of economic growth have as much to do with destroying jobs, as creating them.  I'll bet you're a neo-luddite too.
Bitcoin mining creates jobs too...and yet that's irrelevant. What matters is that your logic essentially says that digging ditches is valuable no matter what, so long as people are employed (I.e. not the consumptive value which will or won't be derived from the finished ditches). To arrive at that conclusion, you're making a combination of a [broken window fallacy]( , and a [lump of labor fallacy](
@_date: 2015-06-29 03:26:44


Stopped reading right there.  I'm still confused about how to integrate into this hive-mind which is made of unicorn farts and the giddy troll fantasies of buttcoiners.
There is no "we", and only buttcoiners believe (or try to portray) that bitcoiners are starry-eyed simpletons running around cheering every bank run or market crash so that they can become rich off the misfortunes of others.
has been flooded with thinly-veiled attempts to portray the popular bitcoin sentiment in this light. . . but up until your post right now, I had yet to see any actual examples of this, but instead saw only posts by buttcoiners screaming that this was the case.
You are either a buttcoiner or deserve to fall into their ridicule-troll-butt-trap.
Taxation is a stupid, destructive idea. . . not because "libertarian", but because "smart".  If you don't understand that bitcoin itself is an example of the market funding a public good without force, threat of force, fraud, government or taxation. . . then you need to go rethink your life and the shallow way in which you perceive the world around you.
Nobody is more bullish on bitcoin than me.  But if you think that frantic people purchasing an asset they know nothing of, nor know how to secure will be a good thing (for them, or for bitcoin price in the long run) then you are full of more bad ideas than just taxation.  
But, hey!  Go do what you want. . . with your own money and the money of those who agree with you.  If your idea is good, it will stand on it's own merits and I will be proven wrong.
Just my thoughts.
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:42:57
Correct me if I'm wrong: but I was under the impression that these changes are just affecting the U.S. (and probably other western nations which have similar laws or ambiguity in how to comply with the laws).
Doesn't matter that they are in Finland, the U.S. govt will put an end to their U.S. operations quickly (their largest user base) if they don't comply...and if history serves as an indication, they have ways of persecuting these types of companies, even outside u.s. borders.
@_date: 2018-08-22 01:35:33


I acknowledged that this was a fairly inconsequential thing. But the principle is worthy of defending, and using it as a teaching example when people like you feel the need to assert that government intrusion is needed in everything. *You* started the debate (which is fine, but don't complain when someone uses logic and reason to further it or end it).


Nobody claimed it was an anti-lemonade stand bill. We're all well aware of how food safety regulations work.
~~(and anyways, you weren't just explaining that, what you did is the: "wE neED GOBERMENT BECAUSE, CAUSE, WE'LL ALL DIE WITHOUT FOOD IMSPERCTERS!)~~
You've misinterpreted a lengthy reply as me being hot and bothered about it. You seem to be the one upset...
Edit- I am sorry, I made the error of confusing you for [another user]( in a different part of the thread.
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:42:50
eh. . . more like [this](
@_date: 2014-12-20 06:04:58
No, that's actually a very reasonable position. . . just a lot further off and a whole level higher than the types of mindsets I hope people can start to adopt.
If we lived now, in a very voluntaryist/anarchistic world. . . I would be you, striving for the next level of societal development; pacifism.  
I also agree wholeheartedly that it is pointless to try to redefine reality. . . but I disagree that working "within the system" is not a strategy which has not consistently and persistently and monumentally failed, throughout history.  In other words, there is a basis, a need, and call it a  justification for now working outside the system and to undermine it.
I don't think there's anything unreasonable or idealistic about simply trying to get everyone to at least recognize the nature of the problem, understand the solution, and be ideologically opposed to these sources of human conflict and misery. . . and only then, make more bold actions towards the actual physical eradication of the institutions which make up the afore mentioned "system".  It is presently too risky to expect anyone to take action to challenge it from without (with rare but increasingly prevalent agoristic exceptions such as Bitcoin); at least as a mass movement.
This is why we anarchists spend so much time trying to get people to see statism for the religion or mental sickness which it is.  Knowing is more than half the battle here.  It requires little risk or action on the part of the individual, beyond intellectual honesty and a little research. . . .and before you know it, people look around and realize that they can more safely step off of that proverbial plank upon which the ruling class is perched upon, hanging out over a precipice.   Combine this with competitive alternatives to government services (such as bitcoin for money), and you have a recipe for rapid cultural and institutional changes in society.  Now if that sounds utopian. . . please understand that it is of course a crude summary, and also does not take time to discuss the complexities of differences in values and desired outcomes.  I of course know that people will not all desire the same outcomes, no matter how enlightened, and so the various movements away from the current way of life will inevitably compete, and sometimes hamper the progress of one another.
Bringing this all back around. . . I think everyone knows that what Charlie did was illegal, but what many are trying (and perhaps failing) to explain is that these laws and the very system which produces them, are so normatively immoral, and so intuitively and manifestly counter-productive to the ends that most people value; that there is no reason to defend the actions of the state here, from almost any angle.  Certainly not from a consequentialist or deontological viewpoint.   And that if more people simply refused to accept the status quo as acceptable, then we would already be a long way towards changing it.
@_date: 2014-02-22 12:09:51
A free market would not have been able to make it so difficult and onerous to start an exchange; producing a far great number, and variety of exchange services.  It would have created an environment in which Mt. Gox would not have lasted as a viable competitor past the Q4 of 2011, unless they completely and seriously upped their game.
A free market would likely have produced and exchange industry, large enough and robust enough, to warrant a profitable venture for 3rd party underwriters and deposit insurers to back up users funds and provide some (market) regulation.
@_date: 2014-04-30 04:52:18
"I could walk up to the President and blow smoke in his stupid monkey face, and he'd just have to sit there groovin' on it!"  -Homer Simpson
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:07:20
"Massive Mt. Gox  Theft Will Be Used As Excuse for More Regulation"
*fixed that for ya
@_date: 2018-08-29 05:56:57
That's because the CEO of bitcoin died years ago!
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:03:40
Compared to what? What evidence do you have that it is less efficient than securing the legacy financial system, which requires innumerable office buildings, vaults, armoured trucks and other transportation, servers, payroll and transportation for and computers for and accommodation for tens of thousands of people.
Besides, bitcoin's energy usage doesn't scale with number of transactions: it is designed to be over-secured on the front-end.  There will be many more users or transactions accommodated in the future, with much less energy used per transaction.
The fact is that, other than the glaring environmental externalities of using electricity (which also affects the decisions of actors in the legacy financial system in their economizing), there is no other obvious market failure or un-priced aspect to bitcoin mining, and so the amount of it done necessarily represents a value-generating process...I.e. the people who use its services are paying for it, and so signalling that they value it above the costs.
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:23:09
Bitcoin's killer app is Bitcoin.  Just like one of the simple secrets to making it in life is to just show up....all Bitcoin really needs to do is to simply be there.  To be an alternative (banned, legal, or something in between, doesn't really matter).  
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:35:04
{rides away on unicycle} 
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:14:18
Isn't competition great?  It is almost like the market regulating itself.  :p
@_date: 2015-12-23 19:24:04
I never asserted that.
Capitalism is defined way too differently by different people and loosely, for me to hope to use it in this way.
And I was really only extolling a particular mechanism which is not exclusive to capitalism.
@_date: 2018-08-22 03:42:28
Sooo...you have no argument. (And can't read to boot)
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:21:56
I think they *should* be boycotted and it would be a really powerful signal if their user base evaporated overnight because of this. It would send (at least indirectly) a clear message to not only these companies, but to the government, that people are not interested in their regulations. And lets face it, money does talk in politics (not so much votes) and even cronyism can be better in some cases (if essential freedoms are incidentally preserved) than pristine democracy which prevents freedom and innovation.
@_date: 2014-09-29 08:03:59
Could be a giffen good.  Psychology sometimes overwhelms the effects of the law of demand.  
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:04:31
Yes output (bitcoin creation) remains the same, but that doesn't mean the number of bitcoins brought to market remains the same.  With (temporarily) higher profit margins, miners can cover their costs without selling all their block rewards at exchange.  In the past, we have also seen miners covering costs out of pocket and hodling all or almost all bitcoin when the price was going up.....no doubt for ideological reasons sometimes too, but also as a business decision to sell later to cover costs, and less of their coin, because it would be worth more. 
 This feeds in to that virtuous cycle I was talking about.....the more the price goes up, the more miners are able to hodl.  The more miners hodl, the more the price (tends to) go up.   Of course, like all cycles, this has its limitations and diminishing returns.  
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:49:06
Responsibly insuring something also requires actuarial data.  Actuarial data takes time to acquire a statistically significant data set.  
Not to mention the fact that the landscape is changing so rapidly that by the time you have a handle on rates of theft and loss, the risks have changed significantly.
People always just want these problems to be *bam!* solved by the stroke of legislative pen or regulators prerogative.  But these are irresponsible methods for regulating safety and security for the consumer.  Insurers have skin in the game for allowing both operational methods which stifle too much growth, and which don't adequately protect the end user.  
Monopoly regulators have no such skin in the game, and failure is often the catalyst for greater funding of their effort.  They do not have the pricing mechanism and signals available to them to find the right balance of safety and growth.  They also put all entities under their thumb so that there cannot be many different balances of this same spectrum available to different sets of consumers with different preferences and risk tolerances.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:04:40


+1 for being consistent, at least.  To not see the anti-state nature of bitcoin is to be blind to the mechanisms of the modern state.


Again, so long as we're not taking issue here with your preference for regulation being coercively monopolized by the state; I think you are being consistent in your assessment of why many are speculating on its usefulness.  I would add, though, that for the anarchist, the prospect of avoiding government regulation (regulation of the people and businesses who deal in bitcoin) by simply using bitcoin, is iffy. . . . I think that many governments can, and will, effectively regulate bitcoin into uselessness (for a time) and that they already have to some extent (see what BSA/FinCen regulations alone have done to the proliferation of exchange businesses; i.e. none to speak of ; thus leaving little to no competition for incompetent firms such as Mt. Gox).  
For the anarchist, there are much more basic reasons for having hope in bitcoin being counter-economic to state control.  One of the many other reasons being that, even if everybody just switched to using cash, instead of checks, bankwires, credit, etc; the government would have a much more difficult time taking their cut. .. in fact, they already hate their own cash, and have been trying to phase it out for a long time.  Nobody thinks that the widespread use of bitcoin would immediately free the slaves from paying all taxes. . .but it will certainly have a small and growing impact on those who are able to successfully evade some taxes; and only deepen the counter-economy.  Most importantly though, is the fact that the bitcoin supply cannot be debased.  As bitcoin grows into its role as a unit of account, this fact alone, will save countless millions of people from government's most sinister and ruthless tax; inflation.  This helps put an end to one of the factors of growing inequality in society (if you're concerned about that).  Furthermore, the business cycle (a product of the central bank's interest rate manipulations) will be stifled; creating a much more stable economy and a more sustainable and steady economic growth for all. 
Regarding speculation:  I'm not sure what everybody's problem is with speculation.  They seem to be unaware that every action a human takes is a form of speculation.  At best, we're talking differences of degree, not kind, when we compare a bitcoin day-trader's motives and activities, to those of a person deciding to take an extra 30 seconds to put on socks in the morning.  I'm not sure if this is one of those pseudo-economic falsehoods that gets taught in universities, or what the deal is.  An exchange of value is not government by any different economic laws, whether money makes up one half of it, or anything else (feelings, a service, a smile, a barter. . .anything).  Once people come to understand economics as necessarily being broader than just monetary transactions; they will begin to understand how wrong-headed so much of modern economic theory is (i.e. macro which has no micro-basis).
Speculation (barring some external phenomenon which causes a perpetual clouding or distortion of price signals) can only serve to help even out the ebbs and flows of the price of a commodity.  So, I'm not sure why people lack this understanding and why speculation is often demonized in the bitcoin community; or why people aren't using better analytic skills to determine what factors (if any) are causing speculators to have difficulty in correctly forecast the value which the bitcoin network holds; and thus buy the lows and sell the highs.  I think that there are underlying characteristics of a fledgling market-based currency which defy precedent in modern economic times (perhaps in all of human history), which make it very difficult to compare bitcoin's volatility with anything else we've seen; nor should be fear the volatility and loath the speculation; the former entices the latter, and the latter either attenuates the former with his/her correct speculations, thus benefiting all of bitcoin-using society, or fails and bears some cost (i.e. skin in the game).  Not sure what your reference to "the debt of users" meant.


Sure, for the last few hundred years, maybe.  Prior to that, and up until fairly recently (co-existing to some extent with state-backed monetary systems) market-based monetary phenomena reigned supreme.  It does not take a coercive, central authority to create, manage, and administer money.  Gold and silver should have already shown the world that;  bitcoin is showing the world that again, only better in many ways than gold and silver.   Money is a market phenomenon; which governments co-opted to gain power over their subjects.
It is an indication of the twisted logic which is inculcated into you peoples' minds; that a money which is being adopted voluntarily, is somehow inferior to one which was foisted upon us by decree and threat of force (and yes, gets the backing of that same force in trying to uphold its value).  How is it possible to think that way?  How is it possible to not see that with the current hegemony over money which the dollar (or other fiat moneys) have, that bitcoin, not being forced on anyone, is not only overcoming the network effect of the fiat moneys, but overcoming the military and police might which back up the incumbent money?  How is it a good thing to have to have an empire and military interventionism and monetary manipulation and a police state to back up your currency?  Do you not see, that despite all of this, and without bitcoin, that the fiat currencies are on extremely shaky ground?  You imagine that they will just continue in perpetuity as they have been (and not that they haven't been without massive problems already)?  How is this not evidence of the massive potential and power of the bitcoin network and protocol?


You fundamentally misunderstand the philosophy and ideology of those who are anti-state, if you think that poor performance of particular regimes, or particular politicians is even the sole, and most pertinent exception we take with the state.  You are even more woefully under-informed, even to the point that I would call: brainwashed, if you think that governments have only performed "poorly" in the past few decades.  A study in democide, for just one thing, says hello.  Economic calculation, and the insurmountable problems which face all centralized control and distortion of prices (even in "mixed" economies) also greets you.
As with most people who don't see the great value in bitcoin; the source of your misunderstanding stems from the poor economic education which you received, probably by the hand of the state itself.  But I applaud you for at least being able to see the irreconcilable challenge which bitcoin poses to the established order.
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:28:55
Even if you agree that health and food safety regulation is best provided by a government permit like this...the fact is that this has unintended consequences, such as allowing unscrupulous bureaucrats and busybody NIMBY's to ruin a child's day, or worse, squash their entrepreneurial spirit.
If a law is only respectable so long as it is selectively enforced (I.e. we rely on common decency and reasonableness of the regulator in order to "get away" with running childhood lemonade stands) then it is bad law, and at the margin, it introduces uncertainty: where is the line drawn?  Can I bring cupcakes to school for the class? Can mama sell elote on the street corner? 
If you don't specify all of this, you have uncertainty and you give rise to rule of men instead of rule of law...yet if you do specify, you create legal complexity and fatigue; you make law untenable and more often overly restrictive (governments almost always over- or under-produce goods and services, including regulatory). And this is why (though this example is of course just a small, not-very-consequential one compared to other problems) so many people don't pay attention to these unappreciated and often unaccounted-for costs of coercive government regulatation, vs. market-based and competition-based regulation.
@_date: 2014-10-31 21:14:09
You are exactly right and it is very telling that you have gotten downvoted so heavily.  The factors and forces at play which will prompt local businesses (and all other users as well) to close the circles are weak or obfuscated right now.  Extra-market coercion (as usual, primarily from government intervention into money markets and the monopolization of money in the economy) distorts and precludes market-based monies like bitcoin from being more fully comprehended by the market.  Gold could not overcome this distortion.  Bitcoin may be able to, due to it's superior and programmable properties.
I have posted since 2011 about closing the transaction circles and the inherent difficulty (and massive importance) of bitcoin developing into a unit-of-account, and not just another payment network.  There are definitely powerful interests who have been trying hard to promote the "blockchain" technology and "bitcoin as payment network" as being valuable and the only legitimate uses of the bitcoin network; while trying to distract from bitcoin's real potential and original engineering as a money.  People don't seem to understand the gradual and necessarily drawn out processes that take a commodity on the market, to being a money.  Nobody who understands bitcoin is surprised that this hasn't happened yet, nor that the shills and haters and ignorant masses are critical of the exchange price volatility and bitcoin's current insufficiency as a money;  they are statists educated in state indoctrination camps, and have no concept of money beyond the greenbacks that owe their existence and moneyness to government decree and constant force and violence.  
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:53:21
My reputation wasn't damaged. . . sorry to hear about yours.
@_date: 2014-10-03 07:09:50


Not sure why you think I would not be aware of alt-coins and what they are.  Not even sure why you think this statement is applicable to any of the points I was making.  This gentleman's contention seemed to be that you could do such things with bitcoin (or any other blockchain) like remittances. . . and, as I explained, there is no accomplishing this in a decentralized manner, without the token (or really the ledger share) having value imputed to it by those who hold shares of the ledger.  Additionally, a company using a blockchain, internally, and in a centralized manner. . . does not present many benefits for that company, that can't be improved upon by non-cryptographic systems.
I am making a specific counter-argument here to this video. . . and am in no way discounting the many other uses and potentials that blockchain technologies offer; many of which I am a proponent of and very excited about. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:33:18
Is he under duress?  The way he's reading that....I don't know.  
Roger, if Karpeles has a gun to your head, the safe word is: "honeybadger"
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:21:22
True dat.  I'm only implying that a society without a coerced monopoly in child services, would likely never use the tactic of stealing children; but rather be a preventative, educational, and supportive force.
@_date: 2014-08-28 02:01:35
Hehe.  That's quite the material.
@_date: 2018-05-26 17:31:55
Can anyone (especially those who want it somehow regulated) even define "manipulation"?
As far as I can tell, its just a buzz-word that gets thrown around by those who are upset that some traders have more money to throw around than them, which moves markets and sentiment more than their trades move markets and sentiment.
@_date: 2018-05-20 05:29:37
For why I even used that word, see: comment I replied to.  If anything, I was defending the usefulness of your post.
You're welcome.
@_date: 2014-05-26 01:15:03


They can and they will; but inflation is a hidden tax, which has largely masked the real amount of our wealth and productivity which we have sacrificed to governments.  If the true amount had been extracted through traditional taxes, the natives would have been out with pitchforks a long time ago.  Governments have learned (through experience with funding wars) that they must finance much of their activities through debt and money printing.  A money, being the ultimate dependent of network effects, will either achieve widespread dominance and use as unit of account. . . or it will likely collapse.  If Bitcoin were to achieve unit of account actualization, it would necessarily push out fiat currencies and the fiat currencies would collapse, as they have less of the monetary qualities which make gold and especially bitcoin highly desirable and demanded on the market.  Only the threat of force from the U.S. empire (i.e. their ability to force people to pay for taxes and oil in the dollar), has kept it alive.  That bitcoin is achieving adoption alongside this dollar (with no massive military might to back it up) and despite persecution from the purveyors of the dollar, says a lot.
Hard currencies are one of the primary limits on government and it is no coincidence that governments desperately wanted to do away with gold standards (and propagandize the population with economic pseudo-science teaching them that the gold standard itself was the cause of the bank panics of the 19th century).
Also: Governments also hate their own cash. . . they have been trying to get rid of cash for some time; it creates a higher tax enforcement burden on them.  Yes, they have ways to still get to tax evaders who use cash. . .but it is much more difficult than the way that they can simply strangle (e.g. operation chokepoint) any of the electronic/banking dollars away from those people and entities who are undesirable to them.  Bitcoin gives people a lot of the same protection and anonymity of cash; with all or more of the global and digital capabilities of modern bank wires, etc.
@_date: 2014-10-12 16:16:02
Well aware.  OP said "handle your country's political elections".  
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:17:25


Pay close attention people: the above is why we can't have nice things.  Now, I know that the author had no intention of being dishonest here....but this mentality and this shallow understanding of freedom and free market advocates is so obviously and factually incorrect even just on its face, that it should be causing even the non-anarchist to cringe a little.
It truly is scary how brainwashed and completely blind most people are to the nature of government, the intended and unintended consequences of its actions, and the societal distortions created by its very existence.  That is why the Bitcoin ecosystem is still almost universally regarded as the "wild west"; when nearly every major and most minor failures within the space have been marked by some government intervention (be it formal regulation or say a criminal investigation) or else the clear upshot of the market having been prohibited or crowded out from developing solutions.
Darknet markets like Silk Road were not without contract and regulation; they epitomized the whole hearted embrace of respect for contractual arrangements, and were comprehensively and effectively regulated in specific ways as well as by general market discipline.
The complete inability for some minds to see this reality, and the activities of the state, and to perceive their causes and impacts clearly, is one of the truly saddening outcomes of government schooling and it's near monopoly on curriculum...and is the reason why the masses violently and religiosly oppose their own liberation and prosperity.
First step towards recovery is admitting you have a problem.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:41:01
Don't know.  But I would imagine they and bitpay and Coinbase might hedge.  I at least think they are selling some off exchange, and not always selling immediately. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 03:43:28
"To The Moon"
Bob is a young engineer with a private space tourism firm.
Alice is an introverted student of math at a prestigious private university.
Bob has trust issues.  Alice was done with asymmetric relationships.  But when an internship and a crazy turn of events puts them together on a malfunctioning spacecraft and a hard-forked trajectory; private keys are shared and desires open-sourced, Bob and Alice find that love isn't as hard to decrypt as they thought.
EDIT:  on second thought, that just sounds like a porn.  nobody want's to see Bob seeding Alice's deterministic wallet.  at least not if she hasn't pruned her merkle tree.
@_date: 2018-08-31 21:51:00
Don't get me wrong, I def agree with your cautious optimism when you say "maybe, maybe not"...but gold and other metals simply don't make really good money (don't have as high degree of assayability, recognizability, divisibility, nor transportability via non-specie currency like bank notes) without a central "trusted" authority like government providing a verification and coinage service, and banks providing paper currency issued on those coins or other gold reserves.
Also, being physical and tangible, gold is much more easily discovered and seized by government...and it is because of these traits of gold and silver, which allowed government to destroy their moneyness long ago and insert pure fiat as a coerced monopoly on money.
Cryptocurrencies (none of which have even been able to achieve moneyness yet) have properties which *may* just make them difficult enough to control by gov't, that they stand a slim chance of developing into money; most likely in places where the rule of law is weak (and thus most people aren't afraid to break the law and use crypto's) and where governments run their fiat currencies so poorly that even proto-money bitcoin, with its current volatility, looks good compared to the fiat.  From there, it will be a combination of the fact that many of the "good" governments and their fiat currencies are growing more despotic and destabilizing, and that bitcoin will be growing more stable and garnering only more and more network effects and transaction loops and begin to actually serve as a unit-of-account money....and it will be both physically **and** politically difficult, at that point, for governments to destroy the moneyness of bitcoin or other actualized cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:45:18
Then of course, later on in a different segment the program, they're talking about the Ghana team trying to get 3 million in cash into Brazil, and all the difficulties and trouble they're encountering. . . as expected, Matt Miller reminds them that this wouldn't be a problem if they had done it with bitcoin and they all just roll eyes and moan.
This is the same dull-eyed, intellect-on-full-retard-auto-pilot response you get from people when you challenge any belief they hold religiously, and they no longer have any rational argument against it or they are too tired to continue asserting their straw-man arguments. . . .they just don't want to be bothered anymore, because the cognitive dissonance hurts.
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:04:00
Somalia also has one of the largest and most advanced cell phone and Internet industries on the African continent.
@_date: 2014-10-03 07:19:43
I never implied that everyone must study economics in order for bitcoin to "work".  I am trying to help people who have a very shallow understanding of bitcoin, to be able to appreciate it on a much deeper level, and to not be so easily swayed by the price shifts and popular sentiment and by blowhards like this guy in the video.  A study of the aspects of economics that I specifically mentioned, may help a lot of people to be able to come to some important realizations by themselves.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:51:59
The problem with this, is that it inevitably excludes the less fortunate and will turn commenting into a rich people's game only.  Freedom of speech demands equal access.  The rich bot owners will simply dominate the rest of us.
@_date: 2014-08-29 02:04:52
Very insightful point that I had not even considered very thoroughly.  Really, a lot of my angst and the source of my all caps rant was really driven by a more elementary understanding of the benefits of code decentralization: the ability of having competent, yet competing developers within the bitcoin ecosystem vetting and critiquing each others work in a public fashion.  I really believe that the trust that is placed by the community in the Satoshi client project and also the Bitcoin Foundation, is the most pressing problem faced by us right now.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:03:12
Excellent.  Take what pittance I have.  1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-06-05 01:41:20
Yes, but not before the hordes of state-worshippers support and advocate the caging or worse of their fellow human beings...until the tides turn, probably violently (hopefully not).  And the masses of educated fools will finally see their governments for what they really are (though they will still refuse to see government itself for what it is), and the cycle will start anew....but with humanity possessing yet another cultural and technological weapon in its arsenal against the centralization of power....bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:43:06
Statism.  It's a religion.
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:04:22
Hehe...." *bitch*coin ".  Gotta love Portuguese.  Now someone make a bitchcoin soda vending machine so I can buy Spritche.
@_date: 2015-06-25 16:43:31
It's almost as if it's true what market anarchists have been screaming about all along: that this sort of thing is not an exception, but is the rule and is endemic to a centralized and coercive system of regulations.  It is a cost (direct and unintended consequences) which must be factored into a cost-benefit analysis of government vs. market regulations (but unfortunately isn't).
It's almost as if 'Murica is not the bastion of economic liberty that statists would love for us to believe, and that the problems we see in the "free market" are in fact a result of government distortions of the workings of markets.
It's almost as if regulation is a demanded product like any other, and as such, is subject to problems of calculation where competition and price discovery are not allowed and a market for regulatory services prohibited from developing.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:40:56
 
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:13:36
Hope away.  I strike the root.  Have fun with the branches.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:07:48
Great comment.  It was off-topic and not an answer to OP's question; so I can only hope for the intelligence of those who downvoted you by assuming that they simply found your comment to be irrelevant to the discussion.
0.5 mBTC 
@_date: 2014-03-23 20:19:22
@_date: 2014-03-20 13:13:26
Any person, libertarian or not, who looks at the world logically and consistently would agree with me.  Economics is a science, not an opinion or ideology.
Do you not see how Mt. Gox happened precisely due to the lack of competition brought on by government intervention, regulatory uncertainty, and the lack of competition and market-based regulations which government brought about?
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:44:02
It's so simple!  The bitcoins are *inside* the Volvo!
@_date: 2014-10-19 02:32:43
Well, that's a fair enough assessment, but my actual point is probably going to be far less palatable to most people:  Simple majority democracy is not a great mechanism at all to be using to decide the fate of any sizable group of people.  It's a last resort when no other informational or social technology can be employed to affect cooperation between individuals and different interest groups.  This is not even to go into the public goods problems which are created by the incentive structures set up under majority rule (it makes the problem of providing roads without a central state look like a first grade arithmetic exercise).
I'm not so certain that even if all the head bureaucrats of these alphabet soup federal agencies were elected by popular vote instead of appointed, that we would have better outcomes.  For one thing, having that many more positions to vote for introduces only even more cause for rational ignorance amongst the electorate.  Not to mention that democratic mechanisms generally provide little in the way of assurances that campaign promises can or will be fulfilled; little skin in the game for the politician to be anything other a great campaigner; that's not a failing of some forms of democracy; that is pretty universal to all. . . and that is only the beginning of the largely irreconcilable problems with direct democracy, and to great extent, all the other forms such as democratic republics.
Competition is the ultimate regulator of human affairs.  We will never make significant political progress and societal evolution as a species, until we learn to eschew centralization of power, and understand methodological individualism, and the many possibilities to allow markets to provide for law and justice and all the many other things that we assume governments must provide and only governments can provide.  I'm not sure what holds most people back from contemplating the insanity of thinking that granting governing powers to a monopoly corporation (which we lovingly adorn with the grandiose titles of "Government" or "the Authorities", and put badges on them and pretend that it is somehow different than if we gave nukes to Walmart and morally legitimated their widespread use of police and military force to do what they saw as best for society) will ever turn out well.
Needless to say; lack of enough magical democracy dust is far from the root of the problem in America; especially in the face of the sheer insanity of a central government ruling over 315 million exceptionally diverse and geographically spread out people.
@_date: 2014-02-24 00:10:23
I can't fault your pragmatism; but I find it important to prompt people to be a little more forward-looking, and to not underestimate the effects of a widespread ideological conviction
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:03:46
"We're not banking 6 billion people.  We're un-banking all 7 billion" . . ."allowing the developing countries to leapfrog the entire 60 year fiasco of failed fiat currency systems"
@_date: 2014-09-10 02:53:50
You still seem irrationally attached to this state definition of "crime".
Mafias and prison gangs can be considered "bad" even though, as you brought up, they often introduce a certain order and governance and prevent some violence....because they also perpetrate violence against others...on their terms and according to what they consider to be law (not unlike the state does).
It is silly to arbitrarily define "crime" according to the dictates of whichever mafia currently holds the most power in a territory (even if a large number of people foolishly legitimize it's activities).
When a real crime is committed, there are actual victims (who also necessarily make the accusation,  or through an agent), and the primary and only reasonable and objective determinant is whether the accused initiated aggression or fraud against the accuser.  "Criminal" law helps only the state and robs the victims of real crimes of their best chance at justice and restitution. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:57:39
I'm not opposed to patronizing exchanges with tighter controls (e.g. an insurance agency and or industry watchdog which regularly audits).  That's how regulation is beneficial: when it is voluntary so that it can't stifle valuable innovation for actors who wish to take on more risk; and when it is based on market demand, and done by entities who have skin in the game if their regulations fail.
So please keep in mind that Gox happened precisely because of state imposed controls (i.e. coercive centralized regulation).  The result of the state's meddling and the uncertain investing environment it created is/was a lack of well-funded competition; which is what lead the masses to have little other choice than Gox, and for the exchange industry in general to have little competition and remain immature for so long.
@_date: 2014-11-08 02:37:26
Yeah no.  
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:44:05
Why must those institutions be large and central?  What's wrong with paying fees to large central organizations?
@_date: 2014-05-11 23:33:01
You can always tell the bitcoiners who just don't get decentralization.....as they are the one's who give a shit about this stuff, think that bitcoin needs some kind of central advocacy group, and thinks that the Bitcoin Foundation somehow represents them (assuming of course that they aren't actually a major donor).
Remnants of old world monkey-brain thinking.
@_date: 2014-09-27 21:04:19
Don't be so shocked at governments being "hijacked".  That is their express purpose and only logical outcome.
I wish people would stop and consider for two seconds, the difference between BP/Monsanto/Walmart (even if they somehow built up a large military)....and a government with a large military/police.  The primary difference is that very few people, if anyone, irrationally believes that BP/Monsanto/Walmart have moral and legal right to initiate force with whatever tools are at their disposal.  Because of this; they are very unlikely to ever be able to get a hold of enough of society's resources to build an army or police force....but that even if they somehow did and became aggressive....the rest of society would quickly respond with all its resources to crush them.  If only we had the same wisdom and urgency to look at the state in the same way and realize that just calling it government, and getting to cast a meaningless ballot every four years or so, and exclaiming that their purpose is not profit....doesn't actually change a government's nature and incentive structure to be any different than Walmart with a bunch of nukes.
People need to get it through their heads that they **live in the company towns they so fear** and they are regularly corralled by Pinkertons (who wear blue costumes and badges). And you are being forced to use company scrip.
The disease is not profit or greed...it is the religious belief that power and moral licesnce to aggress must be centralized in an all powerful government,  in order to organize society and protect us from bad people and companies.
All you have done is given the bad companies nukes and more power each time this system fails.
The state must be de-funded and de-legitimized, and bitcoin is part of that process.  The power of evil companies will dissipate along with the state that gives them that power.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:47:44
Yeah, I never thought they were in their ivory towers, biting their nails; but I think they doth protest too much:
Obligatory inaccurate Gandhi quote:
First they *try to make sure you know that they are ignoring* you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
@_date: 2018-08-17 18:55:23
No U.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:26:27
Good luck on the paper.  Hope you find lots of good material, and it's an interesting topic!
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:23:12
Where do we bring our pitchforks?
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:35:25
Negative on the first ghostrider. The second is debatable....is financially precluded by the first (for all but the very wealthy) and generally disadvantaged by the legal system at large.
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:41:40
I think he/she was proving one of my comment's points (re: violently opposing dissenting views), judging by the username and comment history.  
Unfortunately, it doesn't usually require anyone sacrificing karma to see this exact reaction come out authentically.
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:10:30
Dear Canadian regulators,
Kindly shove off, eh?
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:30:10
*you'll never find a more wretched hive of villainy and scum.*
@_date: 2014-08-29 01:14:42
YESSSS!!!!!   THIS!!!!!
I don't so much care which project has the better release, or update, or codebase or solution for a particular technical problem.
Just compete!  Fight!  Fight to the metaphorical death for adoption by the miners and merchants and node operators.  May the best, and most innovative code win. May the blockchain fork away from any malicious code or centralizing effects.
Mining centralization looks like a dream compared to the centralization of development in the core bitcoin protocol and the trust that the bulk of the bitcoin community places in this one project and group of people (Bitcoin "core", i.e. -qt, bitcoind)
Bitcoin is too important to leave in the hands of one open-source project and group of developers.
@_date: 2014-07-28 20:47:51
And which FDIC is a secondary regulation that was needed because of the initial distortions caused by the central bank; which secondary regulation created the need for tertiary regulations, such as glass-steagall, which when partially repealed, exacerbated the behaviors and outcomes in the run up to the 2008 crash...which makes most of the state-worshipping educated fools convinced that deregulation (even in the face of massive increases in financial regulations on net) is the ultimate and not proximate cause of the financial, corporate, and wall-street/banking malfeasance which they blame on "the free market".
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:33:54
It's time for them to pay their fair share.  An increase in greed and deregulation left us in recession because of their shady trades.  The last thing we need is for them to be able to make those trades at high speed.
There are a lot of under taxed sectors in the economy.  Bitcoin can help to make sure that we track where the 1% are getting their money and how that money is spent.  Let's get the greed back under control, like we had it in the 50's and 60's, and strengthen workers unions so that we can balance out the corporate powers and we'll have more equality.
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:45:19
^ This guy, eh!
@_date: 2014-05-29 21:27:54
Cleanse your thoughts, Canadian Bitcoin Foundation!  Repent of your sins and look to your state- worshipping brethren to the south for your example.
Legitimacy! Compliance! Control!
Praise democracy forever and ever, amen.
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:36:54
Nope, just joking.  Go on about your way, arguing against things you don't understand.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:52:30
In an increasingly globalized economy, that is probably going to become necessary.  
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:45:54
No, the trojan horse was the very popular, but illogical belief that the state is a necessary, albeit flawed, part of human society. . . that regulation must come from a monopoly and at the end of a barrel of a gun.
I hope that all you statists will learn from this and not simply think that the draconian proposal from Lawsky is the only or even the most destructive interference from the state.  Learn economics, and to extrapolate the lessons of the forces and motives underlying Ben Lawsky's actions. . .to all actions of an entity which people mindlessly give moral sanction to, to do things that they'd never give any other person or entity sanction to do.
No. . . you're right, I'm just crazy. . .let's just vote harder and tweak the system.  Bitcoin is politically neutral and is completely vanilla with the state and they'll all get along happily ever after because bitcoin is just a slightly cheaper payment network and a cool technology. . right?
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:22:41
"Cash should never be stored out in the open, but what sort of meat-space currency which you hand off in the open, requires using closed, secured boxes for all storage?"
@_date: 2014-08-05 08:01:39
That's how I roll. . . in tomes.
@_date: 2014-02-13 06:10:52
That, is the right question.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:40:15
Inferior according to the stated aims of those who desire state-based regulation.
If your "good" is alleviating business cycles. . . a free market can do that better than a centrally planned one.  Certainly though, removing some (especially the higher level) controls and regulations from the painstakingly developed ecosystem of state monetary and fiscal management is going to produce "bad" effects (from nearly anyone's perspective).  But allowing a voluntary, market-based system to gradually take its place (and to similarly evolve with balances and checks and proper incentive structures), will produce even better results than even the best, most technocratically managed central command and control system.
If you want less poverty (let's just say we measure that by number of homeless), then certainly, using government to distribute wealth and provide free or cheap housing is going to decrease the number of homeless . . .and certainly, taking away these social benefits or safety nets will produce "bad" results.  But decades of various nation states' wars on poverty have oftentimes produced results which should leave any thinking person wondering whether the state helps the poor with one hand, and takes from them even more with the other.  The question is always asked: "how would a free market take care of the poor".  Never asked is "how much poverty would we have in the first place if wealth were not stolen and distributed in a centralized command and control structure", or "what unintended consequences are affecting the poor, from all the other myriad, seemingly unrelated controls over the economy and society".  We can't conduct controlled social experiments, but we can use sound economic principles to lead us to believe that there would be less homelessness, if the market were left completely unhampered (not just "deregulated") than we can achieve with any reasonable amount of money being poured into it by government.  Of course, any wealthy state-controlled society can alleviate most apparent poverty, if they really wanted to; at least for a certain period of time; but that is ignoring the opportunity costs of doing so.  Never asked is: "what is not being produced because of the social safety net".  "Would advancements in productivity and technology, which would have occurred had those resources not been put towards as expensive a social safety net, have otherwise made these poor, and everyone else, better off?"
Economics is a value free science.  But we can use it to determine, with some certainty, what the outcomes of certain actions will be, and if we deem them to be good, pursue those actions.  We all want different things, and have a different conception of good. . . .but that only illustrates how important it is to allow market and freedom for individuals, to the maximum extent possible, in order to achieve the most meaningful definition of the word "good".
@_date: 2014-09-26 17:08:59
I agree to some extent, and I'm not trying to be hostile to the idea of merchant adoption.  I just don't see that widespread merchant adoption and mainstream use of bitcoin must occur first, in order for it to reach money status (i.e. especially unit of account).  Money status (prices and means of obtaining it being decoupled from the dollar) does not hinge upon the number of people using it (you could have conceivably the whole world continuing to use bitcoin only as a payment rail, as most people are right now, and still have the shallow liquidity pool and the absence of goods and services actually priced in bitcoin.)
All it really requires is a critical economy of people holding bitcoin, and people demanding bitcoin (demanding it and valuing it for whatever reasons: including aesthetic,  its future utility as anonymous money, and also valuing its present and future utility as a payment rail, ...so yes merchant adoption doesn't hurt).  That could be a very small number of people relative to other economies.  Transactions begin to be end to end...merchants and vendors vie to get the holders to part with their bitcoins (not dollars through bitcoin), and goods and services develop a price in BTC. This is how market-based monies of the past like gold developed from commodity to money.
That's where the magic really starts to happen.
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:45:23
I have never successfully extracted a Keynesian rationale for the claim that Say's law was refuted.  Doesn't mean that it was or wasn't. . . but at least I have studied both sides of the argument, from those who proposed and developed it.  I argue from a position of reasonable understanding, and I can defend my viewpoint without resorting to ad hominem attacks on those I disagree with, or using the fact that a position is mainstream or popular to back it up.
I'll let you do your own research.  I will make a few suggestions, but the problem is that it's very hard to know how deep the misinformation that you've been taught goes (i.e. all the way back to epistemology?)  So I will assume you've got a grasp on the fact that the empirical methods are a great, but not the only method for obtaining knowledge.  From there, I suggest that you start by learning Praxeology (see Praxgirl on youtube, for an easy-on-the-eyes, but fairly good begginers course on this science of human action).  Then, you can move on to either Mises ("Human Action") or Rothbard ("Man, Economy, and State"); I'm biased towards Rothbard (the translation from german makes Mises harder to read).  Then move on to Hayek's works, specifically "Pure Theory of Capital".  An understanding of complex systems and emergent orders is helpful, and Hayek especially helps ground one in that perspective.  Then move on to Roger Garrisons work.
Or, if you wan't a really quick education, I could just link you to one of many articles which pretty quickly [dispatches]( with the premise of most of modern macro . . . but of course I don't like doing that, since it only perpetuates the mistaken (but unfortunately widespread) belief that Austrian economics (and free market economics in general) has nothing but fluffy articles backing it up, and not the immense scholarly tradition that it actually enjoys.
@_date: 2014-08-29 03:42:40
[Konrad Graf](
[Peter Surda's masters thesis {warning pdf}](
@_date: 2014-08-30 20:56:20
It's the ones in colour, right?
@_date: 2014-02-22 21:46:25
Use bitcoin. Interact only voluntarily with your fellow human beings.  Stop calling for government to raise prices on things.  Stop subsidizing corporations.  End warfare state.  End welfare state.  End Fed.  End occupational licencing.  End intellectual property laws.  End govt involvement in healthcare and education.  End drug war.  
End coerced monopolization of all things.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:07:42


On the negative side, replied Bojan, a more rigid structure in general can stifle innovation from a cost perspective. 
{sigh}  Okay, for all you non-anarchist/libertarian bitcoiners out there:  this is why we can't have nice things.  For the 10 gazillionth time, anarchy does not mean: "no rules".  Rules are good, rules are great, standards are useful . . . .all so long as they are not being forced, and forced on everyone.  There is a universe of difference here.
Stop it with the strawmen, and stop trying to attacking the philosophy with your [superficial mental constructs]( which lack any rigorous theoretical basis.
You do not understand markets and anarchy.  You have not read the scholarly works and publications, and learned the economics.  I have studied and read and learned mainstream philosophy and economic theory.  When I criticize it, it is because I understand it and can argue for it as well as those who are actually proponents of it.  You people read a few Mother Jones articles and think you're fucking experts, and qualified to dismiss free market theory as unworkable . . . . and you're always certain that it has something to do with Ayn Rand.  You're so far off the mark with nearly everything you say, it's not even laughable anymore, it's just depressing and a little [ridicule is the least you should expect from us](
Get something through your heads:  voluntary regulation is fine.  Approaches like this Bitcoin Security Project, and organizations like D.A.T.A. are wonderful.  The market will pick which one or ones work the best to serve the needs of consumers and businesses alike (and there will be many differing needs and different solutions and regulatory products to meet those needs).  Free market regulation does not mean businesses regulating themselves.  It entails a broad range of social and institutionalized constructs which seek to find solutions to problems (first technologically, then socially e.g. trust models, ostracization, if necessary), and which are above all voluntary.  Therefore there is no stifling of innovation for those who want to be the risk takers, and there is no lack of security for those who want safety and standards.  Free market regulation is more akin to the many standards you see which make the internet and bitcoin work (yes I know that your government "invented" the internet). . .but the advancement and standardization of protocols and regulatory compliance and standards has developed mostly voluntarily and in a decentralized manner. . . and wouldn't you know it; the internet, even as a near anarchy, is a much better place to be than your state-controlled meat spaces.  
It's not utopia.  Businesses will still act in unscrupulous ways, people will still be hurt sometimes. . . . but knock the stupid nirvana fallacy out of your brains right now about how well state-monopolized coerced regulation actually works, in practice, and you realize that all things considered, the world will be a much more prosperous, safe, and exciting place to live in than this shit that the worship of the state has thus far built.  So stop pretending to be all for the protection of people, when you advocate the institutionalized suppressing, and if necessary, caging of people, in order to supposedly protect people.  
There's a better way to organize society, and it is right in front of your faces.  If you don't understand this, you cannot possibly understand bitcoin fully.
@_date: 2014-09-26 08:17:28
Price (of any good or commodity) has never been an absolute or accurate reflection of value or utility (i.e. the market's valuation of the thing).  Price only tends to chase value, not mirror it.  Large fluctuations in prices are an expected and accounted-for phenomenon in price theory.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:13:17
Like a baby.
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:47:19


If it is beneficial for a person to move some of their wealth to a deflating currency, then it is going to be beneficial for them to move most or all of their wealth to it (i.e. you want to spend the inflating money, and you want to save the deflating money, so the inflating money eventually disappears. . . back to the issuer; and the velocity of the deflationary currency increases; then, when everyone holds it, its value begins to decrease and so people spend more, counteracting the increasing purchasing power, and markets equilibrate).  Additionally, a free and open currency market allows multiple competing currencies to come into being, fill niches, or even take over, if the former primary currency does not innovate and provide value and meet peoples' needs.  In this way, the market can non-arbitrarily increase or decrease the money supply as needed, in the face of growth, expansion, mass migrations, what have you.  
Governments and monetary authorities absolutely cannot have that.  They cannot allow any other currencies (deflationary or inflationary) to compete with their own.  The whole system falls apart.  Inflation is the primary taxation mechanism of modern governments.  It allows them to finance by debt, and to pay down those debts more easily.  It removes almost all restraints on spending.  Spending which increases and centralizes power.  Power which needs more power, and then more money to sustain itself.  Fiat currencies (and economies built on them) require control and manipulation to remain relatively stable.  A competing currency is like a leak in their boat.  They have to patch it, or go out of existence.  It does not require conspiracy theory to explain this.  Just simple economics.  
Controlling their currency, and also "patching" that leak in their boat; entails controlling people (i.e. regulating, taxing, monopolizing the issuance of the currency and its supply, and the prime rate of lending).  Controlling people means using force (and credible threats of force) against peaceful people who have not harmed nor wronged anyone else. . . only broken arbitrary "laws".


That's great, but what you're saying is that bitcoin should be "allowed" to be certain things.  Who gets to say what is allowed and who does the "disallowing"?  Government, of course.  The only institution and way in which so many people believe that society can be organized.  Governments everywhere already have their dirty fingers in the internet, in every which way, and the decentralization of this great network and its freedom from centralized interference is very much in the balance.  There is a war going on.  The "free" and neutral internet, as you know it now (and as it could become) is, like bitcoin, incompatible with centralized power.  Why would governments allow acts and activities to occur on the internet, that they don't allow to occur in meat-space?  (I actually know of at least one reason, but it does not detract from the main point here).  They can't.  The point is that if they left the internet free, and continued regulating and taxing meat-space; everyone would move every transaction, and all value that they possibly could, into the virtual space, and out of meat-space (we see that to some extent already; innovation and wealth production in the physical world have stagnated, while technology and networks flourish, partly due to very incentive structure).  The "internet" does discriminate.  Thanks to government, and the associations and corporations which lobby them to interfere with peoples' ability to freely interact with others.  And before you start to apologize for the current state of democracies around the world, in all their fascistic glory. . . before you imagine that the rampant greed and corporatization, and "privatization" we see all around us is some kind of bug in the system, rather than endemic to the system itself;  please allow [Patri Friedman]( to dispel that myth for you in 2 minutes.
Don't underestimate how much the taxation of capital gains, and the vagueness of the tax law, in addition to MSB licencing and compliance with KYC and AML, have already stifled competition and startups, and turned people off to using bitcoin, or curbed their demand.  And the U.S. certainly isn't the only government acting against bitcoin in this way (whether their intentions are benign or to actively thwart bitcoin is irrelevant).  And the governments of the world are not even remotely finished.  They have barely begun to deal in their way with bitcoin.
Bitcoin is the antithesis of democracy, and not compatible with any form of centralized government. .. .which all rely upon the ability to tax people and/or control the money supply.  Bitcoin does not completely isolate one from their control; but it certainly does (along with other upcoming technologies) provide easier and easier ways to at least partially opt out of that system (i.e. makes the threat of getting caught that much less, thus more opportunity and incentive to bypass the state).
The only thing that is killing bitcoin, and the only way it will likely die altogether, is at the hands of masses of well-meaning people like yourself, who will ignorantly vote for and give power and moral license to government authorities to meddle in peaceful people's affairs.
Leave it alone.  Enjoy your social democracy; but don't force me to take part in it; let people opt out.  Of course, the truth is, that governments cannot allow that;  once people see how much they can thrive when out from under the costs of centralized power, they will flee the old systems in droves, and governments would collapse almost overnight.
Using bitcoin is, by its very nature, a vote of no confidence in involuntary governance.  It is a vote for a whole different way to organize society altogether.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 18:28:08
You should move to Somalia.   That's what happens when people don't believe in rights.
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:58:06
Who are the Senate?  Not sure I care what they know.
@_date: 2014-04-29 00:38:17
Vote in the right politicians.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:39:40
Thank you very much!  This is without a doubt, in my eyes, the most important post in this year.  With all the blubbering about the exchange price lethargy and the hysteria over mining centralization, the foolish obsession over the "Bitcoin Foundation" and all it's meaningless drama, and the insane scramble of many here to legitimize bitcoin with governments and regulatory bodies and other centralized entities. . . .it really all pales in comparison with the importance of getting the community to understand that the real weak link here, the most centralized part of the system; is development.
Miners especially need to really look hard at the code before updating to the new bitcoin core (or merging changes into their own software).  And everyone should be aware of and consider the other full node bitcoin core projects out there like BTCD.  I trust Gavin and the other Satoshi-client developers as much as I trust anyone. . . .but there's no reason to trust one small group of people working on a single project at all.
Let's get something straight people:  bitcoin always was and still is an anti-state technology.  It will be forced underground to some extent or another in many, if not most, jurisdictions.  People will still use it, though, and black markets will flourish with it.  Don't worry about mainstreaming right now.  The mainstream will come to black markets, as they always do, and not the other way around.  The nation-state as we know it will be weakened by the undercurrents of decentralization happening in society right now, through tools like the internet and bitcoin and TOR, and Maidsafe, etc.  It was always destined to be this way.   Let governments and banks throw their tantrums and wage war on it all; they will eventually fail; and then we can start building a more prosperous peaceful world, above ground, as we already are below ground.  The only likely way that TPTB can really slow or stop this progress is to attacked centralized points of failure. 
20 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:22:02
There you people go launching into your libertarian tirades again.  Bitcoin is going nowhere if you don't get mainstream adoption.  Face it.  Bitcoin needs legitimacy and it needs good regulation to stop the greed and theft and free market wild west bull crap that led to Mt. Gox, and all the other major thefts.  It certainly needs a better public image.
You may not like the laws of the land, but that's what the majority have decided and you need to follow them. Darkmarket will be shut down just like silk road and that will be good when we can finally weed you people out.
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:57:25
But you didn't quote the last part of that sentence which said:


Ponzis like the pirateat40 scam are likely in large part the results of the culture and moral hazard that had been created where everyone just kind of assumes that government will protect them, or that somebody is watching over these operations....so by default every investment is safe, right? Even though we all knew at the time, cerebrally, that that was very unlikely in this case; the habit is still there.  In fact, if anything, this is one case where the govt sort of came through...at least to the extent of their mandate and the laws.  I have not kept track of how restitution to the victims is going....usually in our present system; not at all. Some cons will be able to play the long game and fool even the most attentive regulators or the best reputation systems.  Bad people will always be able to do bad things....with or without govt.  My goal is not to lash out at specific government failing, but to get people to see that markets left alone tend to innovate out of problems in the market, such as the development and widespread implementation of things like multisig and BIP38, where govt would have just regulated private key security into stagnation and an expensive and intensive process which would tend to exclude individuals and smaller players, while ensconcing the larger players in a sort of cartel.  My goal is to get people to open their eyes to the unseen...the opportunity costs...what wasn't there to protect us because lack of funds, or legal prohibition, or regulation which narrowed competition.  To see the far reaching and underlying distortions that the existence and actions of govt create.  The fact alone that they enforce themselves as the monopoly on law and courts and regulatory services (in most cases), deals a devastating blow to the will or even forethought of entrepreneurs in every industry to innovate out of problems, or to provide voluntary regulatory services.  It dries up any funding and capital for such endeavors and crowds them out (not to mention would send men with guns if someone tried to compete with govt in most cases), and it creates a culture of deference toward that mode of regulation, and a moral hazard reliance upon a level of safety instead of caveat emptor.  It stops developers from experimenting.  It weakens the entire ecosystem, and diverts resources into having to lobby or fight regulation, instead of creating good.  It scares off and/or limits insurers and venture capital.
No, I'm sorry, you can't cite some scam in our history that didn't involve some specific, seen, prior government action, and think that that even remotely disproves what I'm saying. You can't pretend that a monopoly on law and courts and police was ever going to produce a fair and efficient system for bitcoin to be born into, or be able to adapt to the swift changes in this ecosystem in order to understand it and provide the best protection possible to users.
@_date: 2014-05-31 17:20:37
Haven't used changetip before, still used to bitcointip, but I'll give it a try: 
Nice job explaining.  I would also add that the perception of profit, and the applying of economic laws only to transactions of a monetary nature is what allows many economists to suffer from the pretense of knowledge, rely too much upon empirical methods, and question things like the law of demand, when data shows actual demand curves sloping upward or looking different than their textbook showed them.  They have all but forgotten the meaning and importance of the phrase "cetaris paribas", and assume they can possibly know, or can control for all variables...not to mention not even measuring non-monetary values and exchanges which flow seamlessly and have complex interactive effects upon the more measurable monetary factors.
I think you tied this whole point into how it would affect a bitcoin world well....even though I was really just responding to the specific and seeming fear and loathing of profits, exemplified by the OP.
@_date: 2014-09-26 07:52:06
I'm really not sure what the salient points in the "Willy Report" were, that give much credence to that idea.  Especially when considering that, on a logarithmic scale, the supposedly Willy-caused bubble, looked just like the prior two and even occurred within a similar periodicity.  I'm not trying to push the supremacy of the 235-day bubble-cycle theory either. . . just saying that the Willy theory is more speculation than anything.  There's no sound theory behind the idea that any combination or speed of buying and selling (by human or bot) can be detrimental overall or "manipulate" markets.
Besides that, the term "artificial" get's thrown around a lot, and I'm not sure what people think that means in this context.  Nobody has as yet explained how prices on exchange can be artificial, so long as they are the result of truthfully and accurately reported matches of bids and asks along the order book.  It's another thing if the exchange itself is being fraudulent and manipulating or misreporting numbers. . . but as far as I remember from reading the Willy report, that was not the assertion.
Edit:  people, especially newcomers to bitcoin, always seem to place unwarranted importance on the last spike/bubble that took bitcoin to it's all-time-high.  I can only attribute this to lack of experience with the rest of us in weathering the previous bubbles, and an ignorance of the logarithmic chart view.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:04:55
More amazing to me is pastrami in the Philippines.  Not common, and not cheap to come by.
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:06:29
[3]. Money laundering [gasp!]
Most Americans would just as soon see you hang for the "crime" of not telling Uncle Sam you gave lots of money to someone else, as they would for you forcing children into sex acts and filming it.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:05:57
Thank you for posting!  Probably the most meaningfully positive story regarding bitcoin to come along in a while.
I have been anxious to see what DATA was going to do in the space, and am not disappointed with their approach.  A much better and more trustworthy agency to represent my bitcoin interests than the bitcoin foundation was.
For one thing; they seem to be the first group to not shrink before regulators and equivocate about what regulations they'd like to see.  They were very clear that bitcoin is regulated (by math) and that consumer protections can be taken care of by market entities such as DATA and by further development of technologies such as multi-sig and others.
This is how a market regulates.  This is how the protocol and blockchain regulates.  It would have been much further along in its development, had the presence of government monopoly and taxation not stood in the way.
@_date: 2014-06-21 20:39:15
Well, an appreciating currency may or may not decrease spending (on net), but it certainly defers it.  An economy built on spending and credit would very likely experience a great deal of pain transitioning to a saving and investment economy.
I don't think that anyone in their right mind is going to claim that a large complex economy is going to function very well on a rapidly deflating currency like bitcoin (and in that case the market would likely opt for the slowly inflating currency)...but I don't judge bitcoin as anything more than a proto-money at this point, and it is the logic I laid out above which leads me to believe that the hoarding will lead to the liquidity, which will lead to purchasing power stability, which will lead to unit of account status, and better store of value, which will make it a good money in my book, and I think possibly replace more inflationary money.  Loans are also harder to get and to make in a deflationary currency...though there are also opposing forces working here wherein the higher the deflation, the less incentive for creditors to give loans....but also the less credit that's needed by borrowers and entrepreneurs.
I guess that's not a hole in my argument's logic as much as making sure that people don't think that my argument is one of their being no downsides or of some kind of deflationary utopia.  Solutions will need to be found for problems...but those problems are no more insurmountable than those that were faced by the present monetary systems early on.  They've just had a longer time to work the kinks out, and now we take for granted the amazing feat of coordination that is our complex monetary system...or any mature market for that matter.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:23:37
Way too nice, but thank you!
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:29:27
Sorry, no.  You are neglecting the fact that this business still ends up with $1,000,000 and 1000btc, but that BTC no longer has the purchasing power or exchange value that it did before.
As was my point from the beggining: this either turns out well for the business....but the customers lose out on an opportunity for gain....or it turns out poorly for the business, and the customers come out basically even (in relation to them just having held the bitcoins themselves).  Whether it is the business proper or its investors who lose out in the end, is irrelevant to my point.
I'm not trying to dismiss this business plan as completely without value for some people....I just hope people will think logically about what this actually is.
@_date: 2014-08-20 19:50:54
Regardless of who has the "better" strategy on scalability,  I think it is fantastic that there is this healthy disagreement.  I've argued for along time that, far more dangerous than the threat of mining centralization, is the centralization of development, and the deference which most people in the bitcoin community seem to give to Gavin (who I happen to think has the more suitable answer here), and the Bitcoin Foundation, as somehow being "THE BITCOIN CORE REFERENCE IMLPEMENTATION".  
That to me, is an extremely dangerous situation and culture.  I wish more people internalized that nobody is responsible for and has a monopoly on the code.  The bitcoin community needs a good kick in the pants and perhaps even to have a technological and ideological split (i.e. a hard fork in the code at some point).  There needs to be vigorously competing ideas out there on the direction that the protocol takes; and miners need to stop blindly and immediately updating to whatever Gavin puts out.
Edit:  Thank you kind redditor for the gold.
@_date: 2014-06-29 01:01:54
I dont know how likely it is....but one thing is for sure: in order for bitcoin to mature into a full money, including unit of account, its exchange price will necessarily have to increase by many orders of magnitude ($100,000's - $1,000,000's)
Don't know why people don't understand this.  There is a critical mass (saturation, network effect) that a commodity must reach in order to become a money, and achieve relative purchasing power stability.  Bitcoin does not hold a lot of value outside of its value as a money.  If it can't achieve that status, it is doomed to suffer continual volatility, and people will tire of it and divest.
Bitcoin either goes to zero or it goes to the moon, rather quickly.  If you believe that bitcoin can make it to money status, you should be all in, like there's nothing else to live for.  If you don't think bitcoin will ever get to the point of being used as the unit of account, you should get out now and not touch it with a 10 ft. pole.  There is little in-between.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:24:43
Human beings (as an economic law necessarily true, based on the axiom of human action), place a discount on their valuation of future goods and services (identical units of serviceability), as opposed to present goods and services.  This is called time preference.
People exhibit relatively different time preferences (in relation to other people), for a particular need or want;  some have lower time preference (e.g. they can wait and save for or build/create the thing they want), some higher (e.g. they take out a loan to obtain the thing they want).  But all things being equal; we all value having the things we want now, rather than later.  E.g.  You may not want ice in the winter as much, but value it more in the summer. . . but that is because the ice is not the same serviceable unit (i.e. it is not serving the same purpose in the winter as in the summer. . . essentially a different good).
It is primarily because of this fact of human economic behavior, that we humans tend to develop, and rely upon communal legitimization of the initiation of force (i.e. political means; the state) upon others, as a means of obtaining the goods and services which we desire, in a shorter time period of development than would often be the case in a market absent of this legitimized initiation of aggression.  
This sounds all well and good. . . and indeed we have told ourselves that if we simply learn to balance the quantity and carefully atune the quality of these coerced, monopolized services, such as regulation of financial industry, that we can achieve a proper balance; that we can reap the benefits of the immediate development and universal adoption of a law or a regulation or other goods which are non-rivalrous and non-excludable (public goods), and impose only a necessary minimum of cost and force upon the individuals in the market. 
But we forget that we are not just balancing a good with an evil.  We forget just how subjective valuation of what is good and what is evil is for different people; for different groups, and interests.  We fail to appreciate and understand the absolute necessity of diversity and variety; and the individual as the source of all valuations; that collectives have no will, nor goals, nor goods, nor evils.
We forget that what we are really doing is imposing, what some people deem as good, onto everyone, by threat of force and by force; and pretending to balance that with the costs of centralized administration, and the evils and unintended consequences; which are not always borne evenly; or certainly not borne proportionately to the level of benefits received by some.
As with all economic analysis of centralized planning and control;  it comes down to understanding that economic calculation is impossible by this method.  Only the catallaxy and spontaneous order which comes about by the unhampered choices of the individuals within an economy can produce the most efficient (and truly universally desired) allocation of the scarce resources and in society (resources, which include not just goods, but the time and services of others).  All statism suffers from this issue; socialism, fascism, democratic socialism, dictatorship. . . doesn't matter; each, to the extent which they usurp market processes and control or distort prices, suffers from this inefficiency.  If you live in some places, you enjoy a great deal of wealth, especially compared with ages past and other, less developed parts of the world.  But the amount of wealth generated by trade and capital accumulation could be many times what it is today, absent these governmental distortions of markets.
The question is not simply whether we should find balance;  we all want to find a balance between the inescapable pros and cons to any situation. . . but you see a false spectrum of good and evil; to regulate or to not regulate. . . or rather, you only see one spectrum:  You see the one monopolized, coerced choice, offered by the government of whatever jurisdiction is in question, as the one and only spectrum of pro vs. con, good vs. evil, upon which we can adjust our activities to produce desired results.
You neglect to consider the reality that there can be no one single desirable balance of costs&lt;&gt;benefits for all of society (especially not for ones comprised of hundreds of millions of people).  There can be no one way of doing things, imposed upon others coercively which will produce anything but more costs (though they will be unseen and borne by the masses), than the benefits produced.  Opportunity costs, and the unseen, are the completely neglected second half of the equation inherent to every option.
Markets do and will generally take longer to produce voluntary regulations (or sometimes just innovate past the need for regulation in certain cases);  but it does happen.  Government currently places a lot of burden on the bitcoin economy, both directly and as a result of unintended consequences and crowding out; which has resulted in an artificially lower demand for non-state regulation, and a decreased supply of law enforcement for contracts and dealings regarding bitcoin.  They have also overproduced protections in the fiat markets (e.g. FDIC) and created much moral hazard.  This has stifled the development and competition of exchanges (thus we were left with few better options than Mt. Gox on which to rely for fiat exchanges); and they have crowded out the available funds and legal ability for the marketplace (entrepreneurs in the bitcoin space) to invest in and develop high-level monetary and financial services such as deposit insurance, and  competent security/auditing firms; as well as the competition necessary to bring costs down such that consumers demand, and only patronize exchanges which employ such protections.
You see, the only real balance to be found is on the individual scale.  The individual must decide how much they want to pay for security, vs. how much risk they'd like to take. . and which security they want to purchase and which risks they'd like to take.  This must be an open, flowing, heuristic process of the market, which is the only way to truly realize the best ways (best for each person or interest) of regulating or doing anything else. 
This is not a question of science or research, which can be answered by a panel of technocratic regulators, no matter how well meaning they are.  Economies are complex systems; not subject to proper scrutiny by the scientific method alone; nor are the interactions of human beings something which can be engineered into a more desirable state for all.
Markets can and the bitcoin economy will produce the regulatory options which you desire;  it will probably take longer than it would by just having government decree it (and it is taking longer because government is in the way); but it will happen; sustainably, morally, efficiently. . .  and most importantly, in a variety of ways, to cater to the needs of all.  Consciously act to lower your time preference; work with us to abolish government and central control, and embrace decentralization and voluntary means wherever possible, and you will see amazing things happen in the world.
vires in numeris
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:14:59
Do you believe that in addition to m-of-n security; best practices in the industry should include publicly verifying that any holders of private keys within the firm are also stake-holders in the company and have some direct legal liability?  Is this achievable?  If not, what specifically makes this kind of contractual arrangement difficult or prohibitively expensive?
If not, do you see the way forward lying in some form of deposit insurance?
Thanks for your time and dedication to reason and logic.
@_date: 2014-03-31 02:51:45
Of course they are.  
Raise your hand if you think that the people in the IRS are too ignorant to know what treating bitcoin as property does to its use as money. . . . This doesn't make those people necessarily evil, or of bad intentions (in fact, if you see bitcoin as a threat to civil society you would view your actions to stifle it as a heroic act).  But it does show that, because governments know what the application of their legacy-system laws will do to bitcoin; that they are necessarily, intentionally, trying to make it go away.
This is the same thing that governments do with nearly everything: take drugs, for example.  The war on drugs was devised and perpetuated by people who knew full-well that banning something that people use for a reason (and is not already somewhat enforced against by society at large. . .i.e. people protect themselves against murder and rape pretty well, regardless of any law. . .so those laws are easy to enforce); that when you ban these types of substances and activities; that it only creates black markets, and in fact creates the the conditions and incentives for the ensuing black market to be violent and seedy. . . and everything that they had tried to convince people that the drug market was, before they made it illegal.
This is a universal economic principle which applies accross a very broad range of activities which get banned (or heavily regulated, which is effectively the same as banning-lite).  The bitcoin economy will be no different, under authoritarian regimes such as the U.S.  The ills that they try to attribute to bitcoin and bitcoin users now; will manifest themselves that much stronger, in the black market which they are creating.
@_date: 2014-10-21 13:28:19
Corruption is more a function of centralizing power and the tolerance and beliefs of those being governed.
The world has provided ample [evidence]( that regardless of initial intentions, controls, regulations, and law; money will always find power and power will always find money.
The corruption and waste are a function of the mindset of those being governed (i.e. people more or less get the government they deserve).  A technological facade and cryptographic controls can only delay the inevitable at best.  Transparency is also an obvious and meaningless buzz-word, seeing as we already know so much about the evils that the state does, and have so much dirt on its agents, and constantly see the progression of the police state, that if we are not all out with pitch-forks and torches by now. . . a little more dirt on government, provided by a public ledger of what they are spending money on, is not going to change much.
No, Bitcoin is powerful against corruption because it is anti-state and pro-decentralized voluntary governance; not because it will reform the existing state.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:23:53
Just wait 20 years and posts will be nothing but: 
"haha, just got a letter of audit from the IRS"
reply:  "what's IRS?"
"Oh, you kids these days. . . I forget that you don't remember back when people used to actually pay attention to these suited thugs who ran around threatening and jailing people for not paying them protection money".
reply:  "oh yeah, I've heard of them.  They still exist?"
"well, you see, they have their own little enclave in Washington D.C, where they still claim jurisdiction. . .only now, it's just the former politicians and lobbyists who still live there. . .trapped when they closed the iron curtain. . .I guess they got what they wanted.  Absolute control of a population. . only they thought they'd be in control of a much broader one"  "funny though, they still check the blockchain and send out these scammy letters to people. . . kind of like the old Nigerian Prince letters"
reply:  "what Nigerian prince letters? . . . ."
@_date: 2014-12-06 04:53:34
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
@_date: 2014-08-29 19:33:41
ITT: whales.
@_date: 2014-05-01 19:09:07
The "market" is not a monolithic entity.  It is an abstraction for the sum of all exchanges between acting individuals.
Different niches and products are desired and filled.  As always, opportunity cost is the too often neglected factor.  Even if every person in the "market" desired a merchant to accept all forms of payment (cash, checks, credit cards, cryptocurrencies, etc.),  what are the opportunity costs if they do.  Would the only convenience store in a small town go out of business, (opportunity costs for consumers of not having a close by store at all) if they take on the costs of accepting credit cards?  So, all things being what they are, the "market" of customers for this small town convenience store, actually want them to not accept credit cards.  Businesses that refuse to meet the markets needs will die.
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:21:58
Yes, it's also apparently the cool thing, right now, for bitcoiners to not only [hate]( on but practically lick the boots of the conformist brigades who come in telling us how stupid we are.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:42:44


Gov't better get used to competition, and people better get used to black markets.
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:34:22
I hope he rots in jail for all the laws he's broken.  We need to protect people and end this anarchy nonsense in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-29 02:59:35
Good question.  I think that the question of bitcoin's "moneyness" has been pretty thoroughly explored by Peter Surda and Konrad Graf.  
Though, I haven't seen much of anything published regarding the final money hurdle for bitcoin; that is transitioning from just a store of value and means of exchange, to also becoming a unit of account.  What will be the likely drivers of this and feedback mechanisms.  How has this historically occurred.
Those two are the big money topics, I think.  Until bitcoin displaces a sizeable share of fiat economies, I don't think that any macro research will be significant.  
There's also a lot more research to do on the extent to which bitcoin (cryptocurrencies in general) have enabled and affected black markets.
Anything there within your field of expertise and strike your fancy?
@_date: 2018-08-18 17:04:59
So long as the IRS sees it as a capital asset, it doesn't matter what the courts treat it as. There will never be mass adoption (necessary to bootstrap network effects so that bitcoin can begin to stabilize and be used as a unit-of-account money) where people have to massively complexify their tax situation in order to adopt an alternate currency.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:25:28
That's a problem that a lot of us aim to remedy.  Join with us!
@_date: 2014-02-19 13:51:31
Don't you know that Lawsky protects the children from money launderers and terrorists, and protects bitcoin from a bad public image?
Now say three hail Mary's and learn to respect your superiors.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:01:50
Many people have a permanent blindspot for the actions of the state....especially for its unintended consequences.
Notice how bitcoin is still almost universally referred to as "unregulated".
The propaganda runs more deeply ingrained in modern society than ever before.
@_date: 2014-04-14 03:04:47
"There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root." - Henry David Thoreau
Pretty much sums it up.
@_date: 2014-11-26 19:25:44
No.  Needs more straw man.  You're certain that this has something to do with Any Rand, and a bad experience I had with the IRS.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:58:33
You smug bastard . . . 
I'm an early-to-mid adopter and I feel the same way.  Let's not stereotype now.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:40:30


Wait, so you increase the likelihood of another Mt. Gox when you do regulate?  Even though Mt. Gox and all these other scammers were unregulated?
Regulation is necessary for civilized society.  Otherwise, don't come complaining when your stuff gets stolen and nobody protected you from that and nobody is going to be able to look for the thief to recover your stolen coins.
@_date: 2014-08-07 07:34:50


Agreed.  And they provide great opportunities for research and innovation, and keep bitcoin development on its toes to some extent.  It is unlikely, but still possible that some other cryptocurrency overtakes bitcoin as the dominant network.


Bitcoin is not just a payment network, but also a currency (or hopes to become that).  While the CC payment networks derive a lot of their value from network effects, they do share infrastructure with the competing networks (i.e. merchants just need one card reader for all, customers just need one size of wallet pocket for any card, POS/telephone/internet ubiquitous for authorization, etc.).  Alt-coins do and will share some infrastructure with Bitcoin; and in this sense, we could expect comparable diversity to be found in the crypto payment space . . . . .however, the bitcoin is also (slowly) developing into a money.  Money, unlike payment networks, are the ultimate dependents of network effects.  Money is, by definition, the most marketable commodity.  While historically two or three moneys have co-existed; there tended to be extenuating circumstances allowing this to happen (such as the bi-metallic standard of the U.S. in the 19th century, insufficient small denominations of specie, and subsequent gresham's lawing, cross-border flow of currencies from different jurisdictions, etc.).  With money, and especially a money like what bitcoin is likely to become (a world currency), there will be very little room for other currencies.  There will be niches to fill, and I think that very small cap currencies will have their places (probably a lot of them).  But by and large, one currency will tend to dominate the market.


Whatever value people are putting into alt-coins is likely value not being put into Bitcoin.  But that doesn't mean that alt-coins are destined to ultimately and perpetually dilute Bitcoin's value (because: see paragraph above).  Demand for money in the market often changes, especially with exogenous shocks; so elastic supply can be a good thing; but must be controlled by market mechanisms.  Alt-coins will rise and fall around bitcoin, as demand for money grows and shrinks; but likely never cut into Bitcoin's network effect significantly.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:04:03
Bitcoin is, presently, not really a money.  We'd all like it to be, I think.  I believe it will become money eventually. . . but designing a decentralized ledger which has very good latent monetary properties (i.e. divisibility, scarcity, transportability, fungibility, recognizable, etc.), does not immediately a money make.
Though we have history as precedent with market-based monies like shells, and gold. . . these things took hundreds of years at least to developed from simply aesthetically pleasing commodities of limited supply; into the most widely held and most saleable commodities within their economic spheres; which ultimately achieved the most important money status: unit of account.
Money must have a price. . . and unlike all other goods and services, which have essentially one price (their money cost), money itself has millions or billions of prices (i.e. 1 dollar costs three tomatoes, and it also costs one snickers bar, and it also costs a pack of ballpoint pens, etc.).
Bitcoin has not yet achieved a unit of account status, in any sphere that I'm aware of. . . certainly not in Dominica.
In order for people to be able to use a commodity (like bitcoin) as a unit of account; there must be demand for this commodity.  Demand actualized against the existing goods and services available in that economy.  Everyone being given a more or less equal amount of something which they are unlikely to have a demand for, in and of itself, will at best, set the people of Dominica on a path to using bitcoin as money, which has about the same chance of bootstrapping bitcoin demand into money as did the initial distribution of it through the first miners of bitcoin, and that first purchase of pizza, and that first transaction on the first exchange. . . except in that case, you at least had people who expended some effort and time into producing the thing, and who also necessarily saw and understood the future value of of this digital token due to its protocol's properties; and thus factored that into their valuation, and thus trading price for it.
The differences given between the drop of Auroracoin and this upcoming drop seem fluffy, at best, to me.  Unless their government is going to force people to accept bitcoin for goods and services (which would be a horrible thing, and the exact type of monetary system which bitcoin tries to defy), then you are inevitably going to have a situation where at best; someone there will set up an exchange, and most people will dump their coins on that exchange for money that they already know and trust. . . until such time as enough people are aware of its exchange value, and will thus begin to offer goods and services for bitcoin. . . which is exactly where we in the bitcoin community are now anyways. . . trying to get the loops between merchants and suppliers, employers and spenders, to close, such that the fiat exchange price fades to the background, and is seen to serve as a jumping off point for the purchasing power of the token itself, which can begin to serve as unit of account once the fiat is out of the loop.
I wish this experiment the best, and I'd love to be wrong. . .and in fact, my very belief that bitcoin can become money despite its somewhat elusive non-monetary, commodity value, hinges on the ability for our relatively advanced minds, armed with historical precedent of market-based monies to bootstrap  the blockchain ledger into a sufficiently universalized repository of trust and value. . . . but this I believe pushes that too far beyond the bounds of the capability of the culture and value systems and infrastructure of Dominica to realize that leap.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:55:45
Society only operates when everyone pays their fair share.  Sorry if you don't like to contribute to society.  But you're a fool if you think that the IRS doesn't have ways of tracking this stuff and getting to you eventually.
@_date: 2015-12-17 02:34:23
Saving/holding is just future spending.  Temporal factors have a coordinating effect on the economy, i.e. the time in which something is spent relative to when it is received means something and conveys important signals.  Bitcoin is not yet a fully actualized money.  Achieving that is something of a public good, or at least subject to free-rider problems (the creation of a monetary system is itself a non-rivalrous, non-excludable good. . . even if the units themselves are private or network goods).  The role of entrepreneurs as speculators here is key:  it is the taking on of the high risk that not enough other people will perceive of the future, much higher, value of bitcoin as a widely held and demanded commodity, which can then become the unit of account (the most saleable good).  And so, even the lottery-like nature and some of the get-rich-quick attitude bears out a sort of market wisdom, as they are a mechanism to overcome free-rider problems in producing the public good. 
We could just simply have a government decree a money (quickly overcoming the public goods problem). . . but we already have lots of those.  If they work for you, great!  But it begs the question as to why you would be interested in bitcoin as simply a payment network.  Without achieving a certain critical mass (monetary status), the exchange price of a bitcoin is doomed to forever fluctuate wildly, and possibly diminish utility (most of us are not bothered by the volatility because we see it as part of the price discovery process towards something more actualized. . . not to mention the lottery mechanism I already mentioned.).  A decentralized crypto-ledger will never be able to keep up with the pace of development and speed and ease-of-use features of a centralized service; and even the censorship-resistant properties of bitcoin are minimal when on and off-ramps to fiat are necessary in order to give the network and token any utility.  When people earn bitcoin for their labor and trade it for goods and get it back. . . then you have an extremely useful and censorship-resistant currency. . . but more importantly; at that point, you have a unit-of-account money.
So, bitcoin as payment network alone is highly unlikely to persist, and falls far short of its potential.  Demand creates supply.  When consumers and merchants demand to hold the unit itself and account in the unit itself. . . then adoption occurs organically.
You might reconsider that there is an emergent wisdom in what you call fantasy, and the desire to profit from high-risk, high-reward speculation.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:59:40
Yup, a free market is a nice thought, and it does drive a lot of production; but it has to be balanced out by social controls.  We've let the corporations get too powerful, running around in their unregulated wonderlands, until they exert too much power and influence over the politicians.  People have to understand that it's the corporations that get in bed with government, and it's all because of greed.  In Europe, they stop the greed by putting adequate controls on corporate greed, and it just works out better.  This is obvious, and I don't know why people don't understand this.
@_date: 2014-09-23 03:16:58
There is a very clear push here, among governments and their captured organizations in the bitcoin space, to distract people from it's moneyness. . . to guide the discourse and frame the movement as being about: "bitcoin the payment network".  Not: bitcoin the proto-money, and blockchain technology as stateless governance.
A new way to move fiat around, with the properties of the bitcoin network, is not really threatening to anyone . . . maybe Western Union.
Yet, many of the new masses of bitcoin adopters (as reflected in the shallow discussions here and the main stream media stories), have been thoroughly redirected into this small box of thinking.  They do not even question what other value bitcoin could or does hold.
Good luck with bitcoin the payment system. . . it's likely to get trounced by apple, google, Visa, Paypal, or all of the above.  Granted, blockchain technology may well have been, or be the catalyst that gets these industries to get their crap together and modernize payment systems. . . but any of these centralized services will be able to easily and cheaply offer easier and arguably better solutions to customers on almost all the common payment fronts (micropayments, user-security, fees, etc.).
I would be very bearish on bitcoin, if I saw it the way that the powers that be obviously want us to see it.
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:42:50
Fuck yeah. ^ that whole thread ^
2 mBTC
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:26:27
Don't worry bout it.  You want bits, trust me.
@_date: 2014-08-29 01:56:07
I fail to see how this is a bitcoin scam.  If the allegations are indeed true (and as far as I can tell, the only allegations being made are that the community did not procure the water rights they claimed they did, and that a salesman "sold" Wendy McElroy on a plot of land that he couldn't actually deliver); if true, then this is a scam perpetrated by GGC.  
Payment isn't only accepted in bitcoin, nor does the scam in anyway appear to involve a bitcoin payment, or any kind of technical failure of bitcoin or even user error surrounding bitcoin or the safekeeping of a wallet.
Please correct me where I'm mistaken or have left anything out.
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:00:53
This service seems useful for some people.  Perhaps an intermediate or stepping stone.  But this guy's vision is very narrow.  He keeps railing against those who think that bitcoin is anti-government. . .as if we believe that some app or service will or could represent that function; or that present volatility and limited acceptance are the end all of bitcoin's development into moneyness.  
Little does this fool know, that his service is just one cog in a much larger machine of decentralization which will weaken the nation-state via it's hegemony over money.
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:37:53
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:49:45
The bitcoin economy also has a bit of a [negative feedback, in terms of miner cashout behavior]( though I believe this will be somewhat self-correcting.
The biggest single wet blanket right now, which is exacerbating the [already very difficult coordination problem of network effect and price stability]( is the onerous tracking and reporting requirements and tax filing complexification which come along with cryptos being declared commodities for tax purposes by most regimes...its one thing for traders to comply with this; its a whole other pile of shit to expect anyone to adopt a crypto for use as currency, if they have to track basis, profit, and loss, on every single little spend and earn they make; across all their many cold and hot wallets and services and exclude intra-personal transfers, etc.
It is because of this, more than any other single factor, that we have seen adoption stagnate, and transaction loops fail to develop.
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:50:23
Ahahaha!  You have no idea how blockchains work.  So, no, you don't "support" blockchain tech.  You have no idea how the tech sets up monetary or tokenization incentives, which lend very few uses to a public blockchain token outside of that as money.
 You are so clueless, so out of your league here that you think the lump of labor fallacy is some bunk 19th century philosophy.  Bitcoin (not "Bit coin") doesn't \~\~create\~\~ \*require\* as many jobs as the legacy financial sector. . . that's a good thing, you dolt.  Doing more with less labor and resources is how we grow wealthier and can support more of the things that enlighten and entertain us and make us healthier because we no longer have to expend that time and those resources on plowing fields by hand, or (parts of) banking and monetary governance.  Go read the bitcoin whitepaper and some econ texts and get back to me with legitimate and on-point criticisms (because there's plenty of those, and no, I don't "disagree" with the banking system).
On second thought, the terms necessary to understand blockchains on a technical level and the economic implications are way, way too big for you.  You are correct in that.  Your ignorance is toxic.
Get the fuck out of here.
@_date: 2014-12-17 02:09:37
This is the correct answer.  Unfortunately.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:47:40
Yeah.  Fuck whistle blowers and dissidents!  They should not use Tor or try to remain anonymous.  They should just waltz up to whatever powers that be and place their heads beneath the jack-boot, and speak truth to power.   They should keep their mouths shut on the internet and save their harsh words, rhetoric, and hyperbole for the judge who will promptly have them thrown in a cage for contempt.
In what world is it necessary to have to speak out against tyranny, to the face of the tyrant, in order to be logically consistent? 
You'd like that, if everybody who disagrees with the way things are, felt like they had to die or go to prison in order to consistently prove their point or their dedication, wouldn't you?
@_date: 2014-04-15 18:14:29
Eh, what's that?  You've got my ear . . . .
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:28:47
This myth of decentralized government has already been [disproven]( by a single comment.  It just doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:07:47
I hate you for your freedom
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:11:33
This is just the good people selling bitcoins ahead of the auction, ensuring that the u.s. thieves get as little money as possible.
@_date: 2014-09-10 00:10:03
Why would anyone care what a violent monopoly on the creation and enforcement of laws, considers a "crime"?
Either this guy did the things the fbi says he did, in which case he's probably a hero for saving lives and taking drug violence off the streets (unless of course he is indeed also guilty of the one remaining murder - for - hire allegation), or he didn't do them.  Either way, the gang accusing him is a known group of violent thugs and liars and thieves. . . and Ross is a peaceful individual who certainly does not deserve to be kidnapped and thrown in a cage.
To think otherwise,  even if the use and selling of certain substances makes you personally uncomfortable. ...to wish that kind of violence on another peaceful human being, as you apparently do, is a particularly sick kind of blood lust and you really should seek professional help.  
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:54:27
I know, that last sentence was kind of incoherent. amiright?!
Wouldn't it be hilariously juvenile though, if people cared what the people mocking them think?  As if that was some kind of gauge for the correctness of an idea.
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:41:55
I am being reasonable.  I just spent paragraphs in reply to you (not to mention other comments in this thread), much of it decrying the role of corporatism in the malfeasance that we see in financial markets, and alluding to the need for and benefits of regulation, albeit in a different form (voluntary, competing; as opposed to monopolized and coercive). . . and all you do is come back at me with the same old, tired, overused, ignorant, public-school-inculcated, brainwashed garbage, which you wrote below, trying to paint my position as some kind of pie-in-the-sky fantasy of no rules; you may disagree with what the actual outcomes would be of my ideal; but it is simply disingenuous for you to suggest that what I want is for the fascist dystopia you describe below.  




So here it is. . . here's the enlightenment.  It is simple, but it won't be easy, unless you make a point of being strictly logically consistent:
Law, courts, arbitration, and public services do not need to be provided by a single, monopolistic institution within a given geographic area, which is largely granted moral authority to initiate violence against people (i.e. governments as you know them now).
Prove me wrong.
Protip- you're on a forum right now discussing a technology which is a small part of a much larger market for alternative law and monetary services.  
@_date: 2014-01-16 05:05:59
There's no substitute for reading everything you possibly can, and listening to as many viewpoints as you can, including those skeptical of bitcoin.
That being said; I have found, that like many hotly contested subjects, the most vocal and vitriolic, criticisms are coming from those who understand bitcoin the least.
If I were you, I'd spend plenty of time on the bitcointalk forums, and listen to what developers, and cryptographers, and those involved in building up the system are saying.  Why?  These are the people who have the greatest incentive to be the most keenly aware of the shortcomings and flaws with the protocol and network.  These are the people who understand it intimately enough to come up with real solutions. . . because they understand the real problems.
@_date: 2014-06-26 04:27:49


Anarchy welcomes you.
@_date: 2014-10-17 18:25:22
Most people still labor under the delusion that under magical democracy the interests of the state and the interests of the people are necessarily the same.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:41:58
Which probes are no problem for the big banks to deal with. . . but are one of a thousand other compliance issues which stop any competing business in their tracks.  Ensconcing the big banks right where they are.
How do you think they got so big in the first place?
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:02:11
Why do you think they are statist, and what makes you think they are butthurt?  For that matter; what have people been doing or saying to BTC-e that you think is so objectionable?
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:35:43
I'm sorry, but. . . who cares!?  
Electoral politics is just so mundane and frankly antithetical to the whole idea of bitcoin in the first place.
Hurray!  A new, slightly cheaper, payment system!  So revolutionary that we're going to use it to fund the campaigners of the same political and governance system which we already have which doesn't work.
This is the most boring vision for and application of bitcoin which exists.
This is my opinion, but my opinion is right.
@_date: 2014-01-29 15:13:51
It's quite a brainwashed world we live in when the United States, with its onerous and indecipherable tax code regarding bitcoin, and its competition and exchange squashing MSB compliance rules, are considered "friendly" to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:41:46
Yes, but presumably there will be an additional value proposition there for the miner.  So with their low margins, I would think that few pools and individuals could afford to not merge mine any side-chains.
@_date: 2014-02-20 06:01:20
Paradoxically, possibly the best way to fight the status quo and regulatory structure (or rather to render it obsolete), is to use bitcoin.  Earn it, spend it, promote its widespread adoption.  It is a leak in the fiat boat, and governments/central banks are trying desperately to plug that hole.  The two systems, ultimately, cannot coexist, nor can the systems of governance endure, which the fiat side supports.
That being said;  it is a difficult problem, and certainly, I don't blame anyone for complying with the laws in their jurisdiction.  
My contention here is with those who perpetuate the reverence for these political authorities and their destructive rules and violent means.  
The least we slaves can do is to first ideologically oppose the very existence of a coercive monopoly on regulation; and use every peaceful means possible to replace it with a voluntary system.  A scientific system, where the heuristic processes of the market will help regulators determine the truly most valuable ways to regulate, and permit many different options to flourish for regulatory services.
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:17:35
I mostly agree...sometimes though, the posts bordering on whiny have been just the right market mechanism to both inform consumers, and to elicit a more swift and productive reaction by the company.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:31:42
Bitcoin is not yet a currency.  That's what I was just explaining.  I think that if you read my comment (apologies for how long it was) all the way through; you'll see that I agree with you . . . at least I do, once the code and the network are ossified enough.
I don't think bitcoin is there yet, because it is far from being a currency/money.  I could be wrong.  You could be right that people have just too much stake in the value of bitcoin right now (not likely given its extreme fluctuations as it is).  But to the extent that there's enough latent value in making changes to the protocol as it is now, over stability of the exchange price . . . including the likely possibility that there will be a greater chunk of the network that doesn't agree with the fork that you choose. . .well, we might could still see changes.
I don't care who's more right about the propensity of the community to split ways. I just want to see that those changes are being proposed by varied and distinct groups of individuals who are highly unlikely to collude.  If nothing more every changes to the bitcoin protocol; I think that it is still revolutionary enough to catalyze solutions around it which will make up for any shortcomings in the code.
@_date: 2014-08-02 00:11:30
Just about everything is illegal in Western democracies.  You can't help but break laws all the time.  No one can comprehend or even remember all the laws that pertain to them or their business, without very expensive legal counsel.  Just for this reason alone, there is no reason to worry about what kind of person you are seen as in regards to breaking "laws".  
No moral or sane person will judge you for committing victimless crimes.
Sometimes the only thing small players can do is to stay off of the state's radar.  Localbitcoins can get you into trouble in many jurisdictions, as it is seen generally as a kind of money service business.  There are strict (and often regionally overlapping) regulations on MSB's, especially in the U.S.  Only the rich or big, well-established companies can afford to comply with these.
The tax laws in most places are onerous for bitcoins, and even if the capital gains taxes are affordable to you, and you are keeping meticulous records; you will want to hire a CPA who's dealt with bitcoins. . . there may be income tax requirements in addition to capital gains.  You will be flagged and targeted for audits, just because of the nature of what you're doing.  Make no mistake, bitcoin is dangerous to the state, and especially to its coffers; and certain elements of some governments are starting to realize this.
The only way to keep selling on localbitcoins without attracting negative attention, really, is to be a small player and transact in person, in cash.  It is unclear what the triggers are, but at a certain threshold and with certain behavior; you cease to be an MSB in their eyes, and cease to be liable to those regulations. . . again, very unclear where that threshold is.  Even then, government agencies are making examples out of a few small time players and bitcoin miners. . . trying to scare everyone in to compliance.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 03:29:53
Some of us care about other people and the right to have their voices heard, which is a human right.
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:33:33
Many thanks friend.  Actually, reading it over again, I'm not only made aware of how ridiculously long it is; but it was rife with spelling and punctuation errors.  Hope someone was able to make sense of it.
I'll make sure your tip ends up in worthier hands than mine.
@_date: 2014-05-06 16:26:53
Completely aside from the discussion of whether a govt policy is good or bad (or whether governments can indeed do any good at all), is this issue of regime uncertainty.
Most don't seem to grasp how deeply the actions, rumors of actions, and inactions of governments (US, China, and others), have retarded the entrepreneurial process to provide needed services and market stability.
It shouldn't take a special level of genius to clearly see how governments have created most of the very ills which people want government to regulate away..... But apparently it does.
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:54:18
You probably checked out with a "marketplace" order.  They obviously cannot offer bitcoin payment for 3rd parties.
@_date: 2014-12-23 19:46:50
The advice is well taken.  I have no doubt that we hear more frequently about the extreme cases/stories like this of full-blown crazy.  You don't hear about all the other thousands who either never brought it up, or who talked about Bitcoin or gave some as gifts in a very tactful and appropriate manner (appropriate recipient), etc.
Also, tangentially; I'm very skeptical of a lot of the claims of "crazy" talk, especially when coming from those who are known to contribute to or who are otherwise persistently negative towards Bitcoin and bitcoiners.  From my experience; what they often call "crazy", is in fact very well-reasoned and/or fact-based assertions.  I see far more posts decrying or complaining about the "crazy" and how extreme has gotten, than I see of these actual crazy posts and threads.  And that's assuming that some of the one's that I find a little "out there" aren't actually just  bait.
So please, no offense intended here:  I thought your video was great and well said and has it's place.  However, I really don't believe the extremism to be as much a problem as a lot of people here (and outside the bitcoin community) make it out to be.  I think that there's a feedback loop of everyone saying that the community is full of crazy, and a popular bandwagon to jump on there; and combine that with the fact that the very idea of Bitcoin, (not to mention the well-reasoned economic and political ideas which many bitcoiners hold) are difficult to understand, and express (especially to the non-technical and the old), and are often counter-intuitive and certainly go against the status quo in many ways.  If the bitcoin experiment (not to mention much of history) teaches us anything, it's that very sane and very important ideas are usually taken as very crazy by the mainstream at the time.  Their perception is what holds them back far more so than our methods or message.
I for one believe that we should always strive to enhance our methods of communication and try to explain things to people as best we can; but we can't blame ourselves too much (nor let other people dissuade us from or blame us) for coming off as "crazy" to a lot of people.  Revolutionary idea is revolutionary.  Get used to it.
@_date: 2014-01-04 01:02:23
Starve the beast.  That is the only peaceful (non-violent-revolutionary) way forward.  Voting cannot, nor will not stop the growth of the universally hated functions of governments, while still preserving the generally more acceptable functions.  You live in a police state already.  We are living something not too far from a 1984-esq dystopia.  Rational ignorance inherent to voting in a democracy, plus this present concentration of this intractable power bestowed upon governments, has already created a situation beyond the scope of standard democratic and political means to possibly be changed for the better.
Please stop supporting taxation.  Please stop ratting on your fellow slaves for non-compliance.  Please learn economics and how markets function and how central planning always fails.  
Please do everything in your power to (understandably) avoid the government's kidnappers and their cages, and protect yourself and your families:  But in every other way possible, subvert this horrid, violent, unnecessary, and insufferable institution, and protect your fellow human beings from its attacks.  Learn about agorism and how technologies like bitcoin can help us starve this beast into submission and replace the necessary functions of government with voluntary options provided in a non-monopolized fashion.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:12:55
It's creative destruction....though, in this case, the magnitude and market effect exacerbated by the distorting forces that state control of banking and MSB rules have had on the number of firms competing in the space.
@_date: 2014-10-16 15:21:14
Then be sure to vote....that's been working out great.
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:01:43
Censor yourself Comrade!  This is not an approved or legitimate aspect of bitcoin to discuss.
Bitcoin is completely agnostic and as magically friendly to social-democratic tyrannies as it is to peaceful market processes.  Anarchists are just angsty 20-something-year-olds, in a passing phase or fad.  This will go away, because Mark Andreessen said so.
Let's talk about mainstream political candidates accepting bitcoin for campaign contributions. . . .that's plenty exciting! 
@_date: 2014-04-20 05:15:59
Hi!  Welcome to where, on top of all the brigading we get from other subs, it is apparently really cool right now to hate on nearly every positive aspect of bitcoin, and self loathing is awesome too!
Look, it's not about non-belief.  Bitcoin isn't something you believe in or not (statism, the number one religion in the world, however, is something that relies on a cultish belief).  Bitcoin is something that you understand, or don't.  To understand bitcoin is to know the great potential for good that it has; but never to know for certain that people, markets, will adopt it.  Sometimes, technologies are just ahead of their time.
Unfortunately, like a lot of ideas that run counter to what a public-schooled-box-mind can grasp (abstract thinking and nuance are usually absent), are fought against, by otherwise intelligent people; because of the cognitive dissonance which it causes them to have to endure.  
Most people cannot bring themselves to let go of the perceived need for central command and control; they feel like somebody must have a plan and must be enforcing that plan. . . otherwise, chaos!
That's why you see these hallmark phrases from these types of people: "there should be a law/rule", "what is to stop such and such from doing such and such bad thing?", "the loudest voices here drown out reasonable discussion", "fanatical", "eccentric", etc. etc.  Not to mention overt dis-logic and resorting to a myriad of logical fallacies [(including the renouncing of the belief in logic and science)](
Anyone with half a brain can see what you're seeing: that some posts here are being brigaded by a very large group of people (and the self-loathing bitcoiners eat it up and join in, emboldened by their newfound peers).  
Just do your best to ignore it.  It is an inevitable part of the development of paradigm-shifting ideas like bitcoin.  Bitcoin has already created several "I told you so" moments. . . most people are too stubborn in their commitment to maintaining their previous thought patters to understand this; and it causes them to only rail that much harder against it.
It may be that nothing ever (consciously) changes the minds of the most willfully ignorant.  But (unless bitcoin as an experiment completely fails) they will likely be using bitcoin, or using some service which employs bitcoin in the background, and not even know it, in the future.
@_date: 2014-08-07 06:44:24
Welcome to the USSA . . . there's a reason innovation is not happening on these shores.
I know that a lot of state worshippers can't fathom it; but regardless of China's "bans" of bitcoin; they and most other places in the world, effectively permit more freedom to entrepreneurs. . . either by virtue of not interfering with bitcoin explicitly; or because their enforcement of what regs they have is lax and ineffectual.  
The U.S., even with just its classification of bitcoin exchanges as MSB's, and the unit as a commodity for tax purposes; makes using bitcoin as money difficult, and the prospect of starting any kind of exchange very expensive.  Unlike most countries, enforcement here is thorough, and infractions costly.  Then add in the regulatory uncertainty; and the rules that are being proposed additionally in each of the various states.
There is a reason that Mt. Gox screwed so many people when it tanked:  from very early on, the U.S. regulations have stifled almost all attempts of startups to create a lucrative and professional exchange within the U.S.  They had little competition.   Bitpay is established now in their niche, and got past compliance hurdles.  They at least have Coinbase as competition. . . but no real pressure from startups.
With Bitpay already having to devote enormous resources to complying with FinCen and IRS regs. . . now you expect them to just waltz on by the CFTC and make that happen overnight?
State regulation fail.
@_date: 2014-09-25 03:24:17


I admit nothing.  I own the facts and the theory that I espouse and none of it strengthens your argument, I assure you.  Keep contorting though.


I'm not espousing a "system" here.  I'm pointing out the glaring, unconscionable flaws in yours.  Freedom isn't a system:  it is a neutral ground upon which many systems can be built. . .including, if you wish, a system very much like the one you live under right now; only you and others would voluntarily enter it, and have freedom to leave.  Just don't force me into it.


Of course.  Fire was probably problem for earliest hominids. . .it is a blessing and a curse.  It probably burned people and their houses and smoke inhalation was one of the leading causes of low life-expectancy throughout history.  But if a busybody group of cro-magnon men got together and forced all the tribes at spear point to use fire only in the way they deemed appropriate (even if their rules were technically sound at preventing burns, wildfires and smoke inhalation), or banned it altogether; it doesn't follow that early human societies would have benefited from this, more than they benefited from reaping the benefits of fire and bearing the ill consequences.  You can't sit on your lofty perch looking back at history and pretend that if early Americans had but given the regulatory powers to the state that we have right now, that they would have enjoyed the modern lifestyle and health that we have now.  If you prevent kids in Bangladesh from working in sweatshops. . . they go back to prostitution.  You can't pretend that wealth and technology are issues of enlightened governance.  Most importantly, what we do know is that given a particular set of resources and knowledge in a society, and level of technology; central planning cannot match markets in terms of rationally allocating those resources to the highest ends of society.  This, in large part due to the problem of economic calculation.  Please learn what this economic principle means.


I am not blaming the existence of pollution per se, on the Chinese government; I am trying to get through your head that the ratio of pollution to whatever the opportunitys/opportunity cost, is necessarily skewed in one direction or another, and is very unlikely to be reflective of the most urgent needs of society, by virtue of the force and centralization of control being employed; distorting what would have been the outcome of a more rational market.  I am also explaining that the mechanisms of market competition lead us to know with great certainty, that the enforcement of rights would happen more efficiently, innovate and advance at a faster pace, and be more affordable, in a freer market; thus producing better outcomes with the same set of resources (and the additional resources that a wealthier and freer society would have produced), that what is currently being experienced.


These monopolies of which I speak are limited to given geographic regions, and to particular moments in time.  So yes, we have many examples of monopoly governments in operation in series. . . and we also see them operate in parallel, because (fortunately) no government has yet been able to usurp control over the whole of the planet.  As with most monopolies, there exists a spectrum:  there is *some* competition in play here.  Most people *can* leave their current governed territory for another. . . but only at great expense (as is the point of much of the debates throughout this whole thread).  The degree, though, to which current nation states promulgate their monopolies is very high.  The various nation-states of the earth do indeed exist in something of an anarchy in relation to each other (and indeed there are lessons there for you to learn in terms of the spontaneous production of cooperation amongst anarchic entities).  However, I wouldn't want you to imagine that the behaviors of nation-states as they exist now is a very good indicator of how entities in a free market interact:  nation-states differ in some fundamental ways from individuals and groups of individuals:  Nation-states (by virtue of the moral legitimacy which they are lent by their mentally stunted subjects) get to externalize the costs of war upon their citizens.  They tax (steal) and conscript (enslave) their populations to do the fighting for them, and so their exposure to the true costs of violent solutions to their differences with other nations or groups is heavily subsidized, and thus they tend to employ violence with far more abandon than individuals and groups not granted the moral license that states are.  Violence is expensive and risky.  People tend *not* to employ it, or at least initiate it, because there are generally more effective and cheaper ways of getting what one wants, and cooperation tends to benefit everyone more.  Time preference is at the core of why, in error, people (including states) choose poorly and employ violence.  We tend to seek and be able to grasp shorter-term beneficial solutions, rather than more up-front expensive, but long-term more sustainable solutions. . . but we equally gravitate towards and develop technologies which enable us to more easily utilize the more forward-looking ways of doing things.  The progression of humanity has certainly not been linear, but by and large, our growing wealth and technology (both societal and physical technology) is allowing us to shun violent/political means, for more cooperative ones.  Ideologically committing to non-aggression also helps us employ cooperative means, instead of settling for what seems short-run easiest. . .even if we haven't necessarily developed the technology to deal with a particular problem in a decentralized manner.  Bitcoin, for example, makes the production of money much more short-run feasible and sustainable for society, without having the state dictate and control it. . . yet, it did not require bitcoin to be developed in order to have a market-based money. . . . it is simply somewhat understandable that people would fall for the state version of this market phenomenon, given the short-run, and easily identifiable/understandable benefits of this high-time-preference solution to the need for a universal medium of exchange.  Technology may one day make world travel so ubiquitous and cheap, that leaving one jurisdiction for another, even for the poor, will make competition between these governments more potent and effectual.  But it certainly doesn't mean that we need to wait for technology to produce these effects:  we can also educate ourselves and those around us about the benefits of markets, and thus hopefully affect change in the institutions upon which society relies, to promote more competition, even though we don't yet have transporter technology. 


I basically covered this in the paragraph above.  To recap; most the killing you are referring to was by states themselves (again, remember the definition of the state and their resultant ability to externalize the costs of otherwise bad decisions), or resultant of the unintended consequences of state control (e.g. war on drugs or prohibition causing massive black market and resultant gang violence, organized crime, etc.).  That's not to say that absent government, there would be no violence or murder.  Do not think for a second that I am some kind of utopian:  people will always make rash, and/or high-time-preference decisions.  There will probably always be mental sicknesses and sociopaths.  But we can at least choose not to institutionalize violence, because we falsely believe that only a coercive monopoly can possibly provide for our protection and provide for other socially desirable services.  A market in these things will be able to better utilize our resources and technology at any given point, to deal with human violence, and fraud, and theft, and disease and catastrophe and resource shortages and all the other things we deal with.  People right now aren't using the ancap model to arbitrate and settle disputes, for the same reason that people before the advent of western-style democracy weren't using voting mechanisms to determine their laws, etc.  Most people are still thinking with their monkey-brains, and this is a slow process.  Do not capitulate to your monkey brain;  use your intellect and science to understand how society can be more beneficially organized.  Natural isn't necessarily good. . . otherwise, we'd still be in the trees.  Thank your lucky stars for the unnatural things that we've developed to make life better, and for people like me who see beyond the status quo to affect development of new societal technologies.  
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:07:19
I appreciate the discussion and your civility.   Happy Thanksgiving!
@_date: 2014-04-30 18:31:54
Jeremy Rifkin is a smart, well-meaning guy . . . who has his economics backwards.
I won't defend "capitalism", I prefer "markets", but people like Mr. Rifkin need to understand that those of us who actually study economics have long predicted and understood from a logical and theoretical standpoint, this emergence of what he calls a "new economic system".  There is nothing new about it.  It is simply markets at work; people finding ways to thrive, despite the crushing weight of the state thumb on them, and the corporatism/fascism which it produces.
What Rifkin is witnessing is not an expression merely of collaborative commons. . . it is not anti-capitalism (unless you define capitalism as the system in place right now) . . . it is not about sharing economies over money economies (though sharing/bartering is one tool of association to evade much of the interference of the state, and many technologies are making sharing more fluid and efficient; but money, i.e. bitcoin, is also becoming more fluid and efficient, and money will likely always be the more effective way to signal the best allocation of scarce resources).
What we are witnessing is the power of markets and technological progress.  What we are witnessing is technology, overcoming the centralizing, distorting power of the state, to help people organize the economy into a form which more closely resembles what it would look like, had the state never come into being.  What we are witnessing is exactly what free-market economists have been pleading with people to understand for decades, even centuries. . . while the hoards of indoctrinated morons remained content to screech like monkeys hurling their poo at the strawman effigy of the monacle-wearing capitalist exploiter, which they still can't fathom is a creation of the very state that they worship.
@_date: 2014-05-31 19:02:11
3 mBTC verify
@_date: 2014-06-24 23:45:03


No,  just ignore it and continue to produce technology which allows us to supersede the state and its fascist corporate arms.
@_date: 2014-09-22 00:22:54
Yeah, but the weather and night life are great.
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:56:58
Don't be such an apologist for violent thugs.
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:29:28
Wow, you're being downvoted.  Time tested and well understood economics of large firms under the state and regulatory capture, must seem like conspiracy theory to the mind that bought everything that government school taught to it.
Out of one side of their mouth, they'll cry that big firms hate regulation and that government wisely and effectively manages their greed . . . and then out of the other side of their mouth, they label as conspiracy theory, any talk of the only logical motivations which large firms have to embrace draconian regulation.  They must just think that these three exchanges are just magically progressive and less greedy than other firms, and just want to make sure that consumers are protected under an enlightened worldwide regulatory regime.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:56:11
They absolutely will.  But by and large, bitcoin, along with other technologies aimed at making practical anonymity and anonymous markets turnkey for consumers, will create an overall unmanageable enforcement burden.  Somewhat like BitTorrent.
@_date: 2014-04-03 02:46:24
You are treating this as if imposed costs/rent-seeking and high-demand, are mutually exclusive phenomena.
These are both components of the price of housing.  Allowing price signals  based on supply and demand, to efficiently allocate resources, is (in my opinion) a good and helpful thing.  Artificially increasing prices of inputs, by decree and threat of force, is not.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:39:02
It's always a "circle jerk".  Just depends which circle you're in.
My idea of a good impression will be very different from yours.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:54:29
If you had to kill someone or else the whole world would end. . . you would kill that person.  You just supported coercion against people, in order to achieve the greater good.
Civil society requires some coercion in order to function for the public good.
@_date: 2014-08-07 06:10:37
Congratulations on your smug sense of superiority.
In other news. . . is Jason King about to clobber someone or is that just his ladle hand perma-grip?
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:47:35


Sure you are.  That's what governments necessarily create.  A central planner must necessarily impose certain restrictions, allowances, costs, subsidies, etc. upon various groups which it governs.  Central planning does not work primarily due to the problem of economic calculation.  Value being subjective to the individual, local and immediate and subjective knowledge must be allowed to produce prices on a market.  Any distortion of prices produces unintended consequences and inefficiencies.  Prices are not limited to money prices in this sense.  Voluntary cooperation necessarily channels resources to their most efficient (societally desired) use.


I agree.  That's why it's silly to ensconce a central organization in society as having moral authority to initiate violence.  People, in any situation, will always reject and fight against deception;  it is and always will be more expensive to use deception and violence, because people are and always will be willing to put more resources into protecting or avenging themselves of such, than they are willing to put into perpetrating such against others.  Cooperation is more effective.  Giving a large central coercive government the moral license to build up enough power and military/police might to institutionalize violence, does not negate what I just said. . . it is in fact merely a temporary (although sometimes long to our limited time perspective) distortion of price signals and the inevitable collapse of unsustainable allowances of institutionalized violence, and thwarting of cooperation.


Not at all.  I'm not talking necessarily about technologies.  I'm talking about the organization of people and scarce resources.  I'm talking about the differences between soviet bread lines, and western supermarkets filled with plenty of affordable food.  You realize that many a soviet peasant could not fathom how people could get fed in western countries with their relatively free markets in food?  Similarly, in our present culture, we have a hard time imagining how roads or infrastructure, or police, or courts, would be produced on an open market.  But the inability for individuals or even learned groups of technocrats to simply come up with these systems says nothing of their feasibility, any more than the incredulity of the soviet peasant.  It simply shows the fatal conceit that we suffer from and our foolish reliance on central planning.  If I or any group of people could predict or describe exactly how future competing systems of polycentric law or infrastructure production would work. . . .it would only be validating central planning.  These things only come about sustainable by way of the heuristic processes of the billions of market actors, using prices and their local, subjective knowledge and preferences to best direct the scarce resources in society.


No, I'm not.  But just assuming that non-cooperation will necessarily be this huge, all-pervasive issue, is just as silly.  Markets, when actually left free, have always shown that the higher likelihood is that owners of strategically important resources, tend to bend to profit motives (societal price signals for the most urgent use of resources) and also to philanthropic concerns.  Governments, on the other hand, have proven to be nothing if not institutionalized non-cooperators, thieves, murders, polluters. . . you name it.  Free markets allow the best incentives to be aligned and malfeasance becomes an aberration, instead of the norm as it is in our society today.  It's not as if free markets means lack of any contract enforcement or other means of dealing with hold-outs or the excessively greedy.


The only thing this proves, is (like I said before), you and I lack the imagination and benefit of millions of minds working towards a goal of solving this problem voluntarily.  You're also picking from issues that developed within and indeed because of the highly controlled and regulated society in which we live.  The problem with broadband providers having little competition is in fact very much due to municipal grants of monopoly or right of way.  This is the always neglected factor on critiques of libertarianism. . . . people demand a libertarian solution to a problem inherent in the very structure of their statist system.  They refuse to even consider the repealing of that very structure as part of the libertarian solution.  You're also still ignoring the economic principles of monopolies which I laid out, and the very real difference between natural barriers and artificial barriers.  The malfeasance which you associate with monopolies is in fact a study only of the outcomes of state created or subsidized monopolies.  I am fairly certain that you have no empirical evidence to show significant evidence to the supporting of the natural monopoly fallacy, which is in fact a creation of late 19th century and early 20th century economists used almost explicity to justify government interventions.


True, in part.  That's largely the story of bitcoin.  Yet, again, remember that it took the massive leap in cryptography and computer science to create the blockchain technology in order to overcome a STATE CREATED MONOPOLY on money.  Free markets can and did create very stable money in the past, independent of government controls.  But yes, you're right.  And as I have commented many times before; the production of states in order to centrally solve these more-difficult-to-decentralize products and services (such as infrastructure, defense, courts, other "public goods", etc) is in large part a natural response of the human mind which tends to have a relatively high time-preference.  
So, yes, technology is necessary to produce voluntary and decentralized solutions to classic government-provided goods and services. . . in a form that is palatable to the short-sighted person.  But it does not mean that the new technology is the only way to accomplish it, and it doesn't mean that the government method is the long-term better value proposition.  My ideology, if anything, is in trying to get people to thing longer term (lower their time preference) and to also embrace liberating and decentralizing technology which presents a better short-term and long-term value proposition, such as bitcoin. 


I hope that you can do a little introspection to see how bitcoin is indeed one small part of just such systems.  It doesn't solve all issues, not by a long shot.  And I hope that you can see that no market anarchist like myself will ever claim to have the answers (though if you're interested, I can link you to books of those who have spent time thinking about a few ways that these things can be done voluntarily), and that that's okay!  I hope you can see that markets and emergent properties of decentralized networks are the antithesis of central planning and that can seem scary to people. . . to not have a specific plan laid out for how society will be organized.  But on the other hand, no one is asking you to do without government courts or roads tomorrow.  No one is asking you to do anything other than understand, ideologically, that central planning fails, and to take leaps of faith no bigger than jumping into something like bitcoin. . . solutions which will compete with (and if better) eventually replace centralized government solutions.
@_date: 2014-05-25 06:35:53
It's already pretty ridiculous that those who deny or do not understand how antithetical to the standard operations of the state bitcoin is, still cling to this belief after all that has happened. . . . these people better hold on to their britches, work as best they can to anonymize their coins and shelter from taxes/confiscations, and be prepared for some tumultuous and scary times ahead.  
Bitcoin is necessarily going to become a larger and larger issue for governments as it grows.  The elite are not going to watch possibly the largest transfer of wealth in history, go down without a fight.  They will try to take larger and larger cuts, and they will attempt to use the permanent record of the blockchain to persecute more people.
Fortunately, bitcoin gives us a choice:  you can use it effectively anonymously, and you can choose to shelter and hide as much wealth as possible from these crooks, while also giving us greater ability to voluntarily take care of our fellow human beings.
The end-game of bitcoin is either collapse (in which case we reset and build up a new crypto), or actualization as unit of account.  In order to achieve widespread use as unit of account . . . price going to the moon is a monumental understatement.  Adoption at this level would necessarily deprive governments of their primary means of taxation: inflation of their (no longer) monopolized currency, and financing through debt.  Governments will necessarily have to restrict themselves to their more classical roles.  This will be a massive boon to humanity and spark a blossoming of freedom and economic growth; especially for the developing parts of the world.
@_date: 2014-12-19 16:43:14
Try [this]( 
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:50:37
I know that the thought of Visa or MasterCard ever getting involved is an affront to the sensibilities of those who view the value of bitcoin being mostly in its utility as a new payment network....but it is worth noting the value of bitcoin as a currency, especially as an anti-political currency.
Don't get me wrong; I'm a decentralizer.  I'd rather see Blockchain-based, or other non-corporate and non-governmental open source crypto solutions fill the roles of augmenting Bitcoin's voids in terms of quick point of sale transactions and micropayments, etc.
But let's face it: interim solutions, like being able to continue using familiar card services (but backed by bitcoin instead of credit), and merchants being able to keep using existing card readers and other POS hardware, is going to hold a lot of value and efficiency for many many people and merchants.  Especially the older and less tech savvy.
Even if tied to all the faults of the legacy payment networks, bitcoin still holds a lot of value.
@_date: 2014-06-01 00:50:06
Was actually just walking around downtown Denver a few days ago, seeing these pedicabs and wondering if/when any of them would take bitcoin.
Just goes to show, you gotta ask.
@_date: 2014-06-01 21:01:59
Correction:  he is not the lead developer of Bitcoin....he is lead developer of one implementation of bitcoin.
Bitcoin has no "lead", "chief", or "core" anything.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:21:53


Surely the free market would sort it out?
You're confusing anarchy for lawlessness.  A common error.  It is one thing to debate whether law and enforcement of such can thrive without a state; but another to be completely unaware of the prominent theories of how law develops with or without a state, and to suggest that anti-statists advocate no law and no regulation.  There are sound reasons, derived from economic laws, which lead us to believe that polycentric legal structures could not only exist (in fact empirically they do exist in limited forms), but also produce better results.
See:  , , also of interest might be, [Robert Murphy's "Chaos Theory"]( [David Friedman's "The Machinery of Freedom"](
And also Friedman's essays including a [Positive account of property rights](
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:55:12
When you least expect it.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:23:47
If you are correct, and for those overly concerned with the exchange price volatility; that could also create desireable outcomes, as miners could pay their electricity bills, without having to dump first on an exchange.  Obviously if the utility company or circle just immediately sells for fiat at exchange, the outcome is roughly the same.  But it's not clear that the payment processers are dispensing all coin in this way.  The more steps away from exchange the miners' bitcoins get, the more counter-cyclical that can be to the hash-rate/margins boom-bust price cycle.
@_date: 2014-01-11 04:55:30
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."
Dammit.  I thought we were at the "you win" phase, but I guess we're back at "they laugh at you".  Two steps forward, one step back.
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:30:59
It's sad really, that protocol-layer anonymity was given up on by the "core" developers....when anonymity was always early on taken as a priority and one of the great potentials of the technology, intended to grow and develop alongside and in proportion to the scrutiny that Bitcoin would increasingly face from governments and those looking to otherwise abuse the Bitcoin user.
Yet one more reason why decentralization of development is so essential....even if only to force Gavin et al to take a back seat, to those alternative core project developers who understand the immense need for this, and value which it would add to the network and currency unit.
@_date: 2014-09-26 02:01:43
Good reminder.  Thank you.  I've never stopped trying to reconnect the long-time bitcoiners, and introduce the new bitcoiners, with the original and much more important ideals for the bitcoin network and blockchain technology in general.
So much focus has been placed on "Bitcoin the payment network", "bitcoin the cheaper remittance network", bitcoin the : "please amazon accept me so that I can make a nice return from the bitcoins I've already bought".
Skeptics will do well to get used used to this fact, (because it is not going away and they are going to be very disappointed with bitcoin going forward if you hold to a contrary philosophy):  Bitcoin is political and it is anti-state.  Full effective anonymity was always and should still be one of the number one goals.  We're not so much trying to hide our financial data from google or amazon, or even an ex-wife, or an employer. . . those are great uses too. . . but we don't really need much protection from these groups.  These groups don't have massive intelligence apparatus, and they don't have militarized police forces, and most importantly they don't have granted to them the irrational faith and moral legitimization given to the state to do otherwise criminal and violent things to people with whom they don't agree.  
States must be de-funded and they must be kept out of our private affairs; otherwise history will repeat itself. . . but to an extreme never before known.  This is why bitcoin is so important.  Screw the current fiat exchange price.  Screw the latest merchant to accept it for proxy fiat payments.  Screw the mainstream acceptance.  Down with the prosecuting of victimless crimes by a monopoly state.  Down with war and genocide enabled by state control of money.  
Up with markets.  Up with bitcoin becoming money; one not controllable by the state; a unit of account, and giving the user easy ability to be as anonymous as they want to be.  Up with polycentric and mathematically guaranteed law.
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:50:21
The business cycle, as you know it, and as you seem to take for granted as a fact or fixture of markets, are a function of centralized monetary management.
The "meltdown" of '08 was a direct result of federal reserve policy in the years leading up to it.
See: Austrian Business Cycle Theory, to gain a clear understanding of how manipulation of money supplies and interest rates cause widespread errors of economic calculation,  malinvestment, and ultimately the booms then busts that we have come to expect as normal (or which some people believe are caused simply by greed and "deregulation").
It is not clear that Bitcoin, even as the only currency in an economy would necessarily suffer or induce the same types of deflationary periods which plague fiat currencies during the bust phases of their business cycles.   Moreover, it is highly unlikely that an open market for currencies would permit bitcoin to stand alone and there would indeed be other money and niche currencies.  Many of these, or new competitors could  and would grow to fill demand during times of volatile deflation (due to exogenous forces such as mass immigrations), thus easing price volatility.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:16:20
Nominally, yes.
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:47:43
Sorry, I gotta rant:
Since when did the purpose for which something was built, determine what it would become?
"Free of government regulations. . ."  They kept repeating that.  It is extremely dangerous (but unfortunately commonplace) to think that bitcoin has been some kind of Wild West, free of government regulations.  This is the same kind of double-think which permits the masses of educated idiots to boldly proclaim that the U.S. financial sector (incidentally the most tightly regulated financial sector on earth) is a 'free market', and failed in 2008, because of deregulation and greed.
If by "free market" you mean that the bitcoin protocol is not able or likely to be directly controlled by government, or the Fed, or any one single entity. . . then sure.  But how significant is that definition?  What about 'bitcoin' the network of people exchanging value?  That network has not been left alone, and is not unregulated by government.
Put aside the more obvious intrusions by FinCen; and you still have a tax structure which makes even the most bullish bitcoin proponent like myself, think twice about, not only where and how I obtain my bitcoins, but when and how I'm going to spend them.  Because if I'm going to try to use something like bitcoin as a money, but the IRS wants me to pay anywhere from 15%-40% on it, and have to track each transaction and its corresponding fiat exchange value (especially when bitcoin by its nature removes much of the necessity for documentation which we experienced in the legacy system);  well, government has just made bitcoin, by force and threat of force, a much less useful and thus less valuable commodity.  Just the fact that I must pay taxes to this monopoly government, and that I must pay taxes to them in their currency; puts their currency on unequal footing in competition with bitcoin and other currencies.  The fact that anyone, let alone so many, have embraced bitcoin in the face of just this, is a testament to the bitcoin networks power and usefulness.  And of course, the world doesn't revolve around the United States of America (and thankfully so); other governments have pretty much flat-out banned their use.
The fact that this nobody from the "Bitcoin Foundation" is implying that the euro and dollar have nothing to worry about, because bitcoin is built as an internet "reference currency" (granted, he did not say "built for the internet" only), is evidence enough of how out of touch the Bitcoin Foundation's goals and methods are with reality.
What is so hard to understand about this? :
 Governments cannot allow bitcoin to compete with their currencies.  They must control directly, the supply of money, and to a lesser extent, they must control where that money goes, at all times; or else their system implodes.  It is based on debt.  Bitcoin would be a leak in their boat.  The game is specifically and explicitly rigged as one in which the players are held in place by an encirclement of figurative and literal guns around them.  It is a gladiators arena.  Caesar doesn't have bread and circuses and control if Sparticus and anyone else can just walk out a door on the field labeled 'Bitcoin'.  Eventually, cryptocurrency dies, or fiat dies.
Should go to show any thinking person: that if a small, voluntary organization who's continuity depends upon donations and approval from a small grassroots movement, can be so out of touch with the goals of its constituency (who could choose to follow their lead, seek alternate leadership, or opt out altogether); then what insanity prompts people to believe that a giant centralized bureaucracy (which nobody can opt out of), could possibly represent the goals of, and serve the needs of, a huge and diverse population of people? 
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:58:59
K, whatever pal.  You probably think Obama is a socialist.


Tell that to all the people who had their money stolen in your precious free market.  History shows over and over than you have to preempt the greed so that this doesn't happen to people.  Sorry, free markets don't work without the proper oversight.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 05:47:00
word.  Elevated language sucks bro.
@_date: 2014-01-11 17:42:24
Or the delusion of his fan base to justify anything he says or predicts.  I have truly never witnessed with anyone else, the degree to which people willfully blind themselves to truth and twist his words and meanings, when needed, to retain legitimacy.  
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:58:36
No, I don't think that police and SWAT teams should be necessarily put to death. . . put on trial definitely.  But the victims of their violent home invasions should be given the option of having them work towards restitution as well.
@_date: 2014-04-30 19:34:37
Oh, I've taken to being a professional basic bitchery double-agent on the internet.  You never realize just how cultish and small-minded the thought processes of the mundane people are, until you begin to argue from their viewpoint (using semi-randomly chosen talking points no less), and watch the upvotes roll in.
@_date: 2014-08-05 08:11:48
That's not the sense I get.  Most of us from 2011 and earlier are pretty hardcore about this.  Most that I talked to thought of it as:  "when the time comes to sell, you won't need to" . . .long before there was a Neo meme about it.  You really just stop worrying about the price after a while, and the fretting of the noobs is free popcorn-worthy entertainment.
I am as certain of my reasons for hodling now as I was back then.
@_date: 2014-06-07 03:10:48
Government getting out of the way. 
 Especially in the U.S., repealing MSB requirements, onerous tax obligations, monopolization of contract and civil law and enforcement, and most of all: regime/regulatory uncertainty.  Not to mention state-level requirements or even bans.
Almost every unaddressed hurdle and annoyance in ease of use and user security can be traced back to the intended and unintended consequences of government meddling and crowding out.
@_date: 2014-09-23 00:14:29
[Stateless law FTW!](
2 mBTC
@_date: 2014-01-11 07:37:07
You seem to be saying that any and all change to the protocol is, at this point, futile, and not necessary. . . or even counter-productive.  And that starting a new alt-coin, rather than a hard-fork is the only way forward.
Not sure I agree with that.  
Whatever the proposed changes may be (e.g. increasing block size for more transaction throughput), I'd sure like to see them coming from others besides just Garzik and Andresen.  The brilliant ideas will rise to the top on their own merits; and if the necessity to change is great enough and imminent enough, a critical mass of people will see the need and adopt the change.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:24:01






Everything else in between: No.
Silly psychologist understands that Bitcoin is not yet money, and that it is most useful as, and engineered to become money (not just payment network).  But psychologist seems to think that psychology can trump economics (which is necessarily the study of universal human action, encompassing of but without regard to psychology and motives).  Psychologist does not understand that the process that is ongoing; teh evil speculation, the volatility, is all part of the necessary catallaxy which will evolve into actors having the right incentives and right conditions whereby to "set expectations in the market" in terms of the bitcoin unit.
Bitcoin is not yet money.  Money takes time to develop from the most liquid and saleable commodities and currencies in the market.  The process can look ugly to the untrained eye, and easily offended sensibilities of some.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:35:03
Regardless of whether it is this business proper or its investors actually exposed to the BTC price, is kind of irrelevant to what I'm suggesting.  It is still essentially a two-sided market wherein the long term direction of the BTC purchasing power or exchange price dictate that one side of the market gets screwed out of opportunity for gains, or the other side eats a bunch of losses and can't sustain the business model.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:48:38
"greed": the ill-defined first world problem that distracts from the blatant injustices going on all around us.
@_date: 2014-04-28 23:03:43
So you want monarchy instead?  
"Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time." - Churchill
@_date: 2014-02-15 23:49:09
Don't worry, as soon as the price takes an upward trend again, all your mainstream-minded friends will return....and continue to fail to understand how their very use of bitcoin is a counter-economic and revolutionary act.
@_date: 2014-06-13 07:00:33


Oh, and by the way. . .they're already ALL doing the wrong thing.  Don't you get it?  They are all controlled by the monetary and political systems which they respectively operate under (monopolies).  Look up operation chokepoint, for just one example of what they are doing wrong.
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:47:53
Not something I'm holding my breath for.  But glad that you too see the need for competition in these currently monopolized services.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:20:37


Capital gains taxes are different than income taxes.


And if I hop on one foot on every other tuesday while jumping through flaming hoops, then the IRS will not send men with guns to cage me for failing to report the cash gift I received from my 96 year old grandmother.  That's a pretty narrow group of people that this leaves to be able to freely use bitcoin as currency without worrying about the onerous tracking and reporting requirements.  So basically, only poor people making less than 40K and/or who don't earn bitcoin for a living (i.e. don't have the luxury of waiting a year to spend their paycheck) can easily use bitcoin as a day to day medium of exchange and be in compliance with the law, without having to track and then report their purchases and the loss and gain (FIFO or what ever method you use).


You go ahead and write software which magically keeps track of all my many many uses of bitcoin accross multiple wallets and mediums, including paper wallets, brain wallets, online wallets, bitcoin core, etc.  and can magically determine which txouts are spends to myself to one of my other addresses, or otherwise non-taxable event, and which are purchases or otherwise value realization events.  Good luck.  
@_date: 2014-11-03 03:49:42
When will statist  learn?  They can have their taxes and monopolized regulations, if they truly believe that is necessary for their society to function.  We only ask that they leave us alone.  It is not our problem that they lack the will or creativity to successfully maintain their system without threat of force and use of force upon every living human within their arbitrary geographic boundary which they seem to believe is imbued with magical pixie dust of optimal democratic legitimacy and efficacy. 
But they don't leave us alone and they won't call off their agents from molesting and imprisoning us and forcing their law upon us ...and then they act like we do them some great injustice when we merely interject our pleas into their political realm and when we involve ourselves and comment according to our conscience and philosophy in open forums.  They spew hatred and lie about or strawman our positions, or utterly refuse to attempt any real understanding before raging against them...before being able to even accurately restate one single premise. 
Then when we peacefully opt out of their system by creating alternatives to monopoly-state violence such as bitcoin, they seize on the opportunity to interject their own shallow views and understanding of the technology (which is fine) but then become once again offended that we treat this forum as a philosophical home of sorts.  And they cry ignorantly for more of the same regulatory and tax treatment which created the legacy financial systems which they claim to loath, and which already corralled much of the bitcoin space (esp. the exchange industry) into the very environment which precluded proper competition and investment and innovation from diffusing the Gox situation and many other frauds and thefts.  Their agents of law are all too happy to use their powers to molest bitcoin entrepreneurs for committing victimless crimes (which they tell themselves is just a temporary bug in the otherwise good system), but seemingly incapable of using their massive resources and surveillance technology to track down real thieves or fraudsters or procure restitution for victims.  Then, with all law enforcement and forensic services monopolized by their state (their state which refuses to do its purported job, thus leaving the bitcoin space completely absent of any ability to have justice; or to better yet, be allowed to develop it's own set of competing legal and regulatory services), they blame the "free market" and bitcoin "wild west" for the condition of things.
Well state lovers: hit me with your best insults and pithy retorts about neckbeards and fedoras and frothing-at-the-mouth, batshit-libertarian insanity.  It really doesn't matter and has no power of correct logic and perspective behind it...so it ultimately fails.
What stays around will be the idea that a stateless money (if bitcoin can achieve it) is far more important and powerful than mainstream adoption of a slightly cheaper alternative to banks and paypal.  That whatever defense against direct or indirect taxation and confiscation and surveillance bitcoin can provide is a good thing, and is going to become a more and more valued trait in a currency as nation-states progress to their inevitable chaotic demise.
Bitcoin and it's anti-state effects and potentials are not going anywhere; despite the pathetic blubbering of the scared and  short-sighted here and in over a bad year for exchange rate gains.
You cannot really understand bitcoin while wondering how it should best be taxed or by thinking that you are losing value as the fiat exchange rate on your coins drops.
TL;DR Fuck taxes.   I bit. Have your fun.
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:02:19
Yes, but how that "good" ratio is defined (and by whom) is the critical question which OP addresses.  
@_date: 2014-06-01 02:55:23


Well, why wouldn't it?  Not that a trend thus far can prove anything (i.e. I could just be a blob of self-aware cells trying to extrapolate patterns out of everything I see); however, since it's the only data we have. . . I think it is more likely than not, that [bitcoin's gradual reduction in volatility]( will continue.
Bitcoin is not being used as a currency. . . . not completely . . . .not yet.  And this is the key:


Actually, gold price (or rather purchasing power) has only swung that wildly in more recent history, as governments have [pegged the price, manipulated the price]( (with bans, etc.), and ultimately [uncoupled gold from money use](  You see, when people hold a commodity as money, it's purchasing power necessarily remains relatively stable (in order for something to act as a money or become money in the first place, it must most importantly be the unit of account . . . in order to be the unit of account the price must be stable, and users and investors expect a stable price, and buy and sell against a large liquidity pool, in a generally virtuous cycle).
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:47:55


Incorrect.  Entrepreneurs don't want to commit themselves to a business where rules and guidelines are uncertain now and likely to change in the future based on the whims of politicians and bureaucrats. 
It's called regime and regulatory uncertainty.  Market actors, especially entrepreneurs who are pioneers anticipate what the market demands, and understand that consumers want a safe and fair marketplace and set of clearly defined rules.  Entrepreneurs develop multi-sig wallets, offer insurance products (which then causes them to be underwritten and voluntarily regulated by the insurer) and utilize other technology to create a safe way for non-technical users to get into bitcoin.  
In this way, there are options for consumers:  some higher risk, lower cost. . . others lower risk and higher costs.  No stagnation is possible, because the market quickly determines which way or ways is best.
What do state regulators do?  What can they do?  Not much.  Put hard, fast rules in place, which **all** must abide by, and they are not liable (have no skin in the game) for failures of their regulatory regime.  In fact, when they fail, they convince people like you that that is precisely why they are needed and that they simply weren't funded well enough.  Innovation is hampered because it is at the mercy of the intellect and creativity of a few technocrats who have no pricing signals to follow, and no skin in the game, and are a very small subset of the population.  Voluntary regulation works much better; but is hampered and distorted by the presence of the regulatory monopoly (the uncertainty), the costs of said monopoly which crowd out investment into other means, and sometimes the regulatory monopoly's regulations are downright destructive and/or unaffordable for the society who has to bear the costs.
@_date: 2014-06-27 03:56:29
@_date: 2014-07-31 07:03:41
Right, it couldn't be that in almost every other sphere of human interaction, when one party lacks what another party has. . . we usually find a way to peacefully reconcile that.  For example: trade.
The state, on the other hand, has so much less incentive to trade, because, unlike for everyone else, violent conflict is an abstraction; the costs and dangers of which are externalized upon the unthinkingly loyal population.
As long as humans compete over limited resources in the context of coercive monopoly governments, there will be war.
Outside of this context, and even in a utopian bitcoin filled world, there will still be war and conflict; but much much less. . .and sometimes (just as today) for reasons other than competition over resources.
Please go learn the economics of trade, specifically the principle of comparative advantage and division of labor.
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:32:41
Banks can and do get away with a low reserve ratios, precisely because the Fed is there with cheap credit at the discount window.  Nothing is stopping a 'Bitcoin Bank' from practicing fractional reserve banking. . . other than their incentives to do so.  Some may try it, and they are not likely to be able to get away with a low reserve ratio, because when people call in their deposits, the Bitcoin Bank will have no other recourse but to fold or file for bankruptcy.  The supply of bitcoins is set.  Now, there can (and probably will be) some kind of deposit insurance which evolves; but that is auxiliary to the point, and does not diminish that fact that market demands will likely keep banks holding full or close to full reserves on customer deposits.  
@_date: 2014-09-06 17:54:41
Ah! But have fiat currencies been used in the commission of a crime??
@_date: 2014-02-22 22:55:55
How did you become a surgeon without an education and some firm of institutional certification, as well as being vouched for by your teachers and peers?
How did you then go on to acquire any customers, unless they were given sufficient guarantees of your proficiency, and your financial solvency in case of malpractice.  How did you gain any trust if not through something like a review board of your peers?
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:10:35


Don't be a U.S. citizen.
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:01:07
Not to mention the fact that it takes a pretty brainwashed and sick society to consider their alleged activities "criminal"
@_date: 2014-11-26 20:46:24
I know you didn't say what said, and I appreciate you reminding others to not make vitriolic, baseless comments, but to instead just ignore (or even downvote...even though I think that can be a little underhanded way of dealing with it) and move on...or to at least make an argument (which i think is a much more productive way to handle it)
I expressed my appreciation for that and explained that I think the vitriolic comment was actually satire.
You then saw fit to make sure I knew that your prudent reminder didn't mean that you agreed with my viewpoint, and also proceeded to make a sort of assertion that governments is necessary right now, whereupon I tried to convey that: 1. You actually needn't necessarily disagree with my original comment in order to find that govt is necessary right now, and 2. tried to illicit discussion of the topic by reminding you of the aforementioned wisdom about making coherent arguments, if you must respond in the negative to someone's points.
I'm sorry your comment got downvoted...i really am.  I wish others would engage with you on your assertion instead, like i tried to do.  Maybe they were just trying to make a point about how counterproductive it can be to simply downvote and ignore.  I don't know.
Look, I know that you probably aren't trying to get into a debate about the merits of anarchic philosophies here...and i am also very aware of how annoying and "neck-beardish" my style of writing and the anti-state content of it is to a lot of people.  No undue offense intended: but it's not going to stop.  You have to realize that your beliefs are upholding and advocating, not just written and verbal annoyances to us anarchists, but you are causing and sanctioning real violence and theft against me and your other fellow human beings.
Consider it commitment strategy; we have a lot more reason and incentive to fight and argue against your belief system than you do against ours.  Bitcoin is anti-state.  It always has been and will be as long as it is a functioning network.  Do not be surprised that this sub is something of a philosophical home for us, or that we persist in reminding people of this and explaining and discussing Bitcoin in these terms and according to this paradigm.
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving, and I hope that any time you may get with friends and family serves to open your mind to the distinct possibilities and advantages of a society predicated far more upon the voluntary interactions you experience with them which make those relationships so much more fruitful....maybe even study enough about our economic philosophies to understand that we're not relying on some expectation of utopian behavior in order for voluntary interactions to extend all the way out to the types of relationships mistakenly assumed to require initiation of force from a central authority, like law and justice.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:06:02
Of course.  I think you misinterpret my comment.  It is merely satirizing the fact that (in contrast to people in the 3rd world, who I have lived and worked with) the 1st world has the luxury of villainizing something that is essentially indistinguishable from rational self-interest (i.e. greed), which seems to serve as a kind of distraction from actual problems in society.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:45:03


There is more than one kind of regulation, but the dichotomy which you are pointing out is not even remotely the most important one.  
When you say: "laws that will protect bitcoin businesses from legal threats,"  I find it hard to imagine any government decree, which anyone would refer to as a "regulation" which accomplishes this.  I think what you are talking about are laws themselves, or law enforcement.
The bitcoin community has indeed been left out in the cold in regards to enforcement of existing laws, especially those seeking to reclaim stolen or fraudulently taken bitcoins.
Protection and security have been underproduced (from the perspective of many bitcoin users) by both the government monopoly on law and regulation, and by the market.
That is to be expected, and you are the one focusing on ideas which are not practical, if you think that you are going to be able to change the state; to change the political system to justly and equitably administer laws which protect bitcoin consumers and businesses.  
Furthermore, please see [this]( for a more clear understanding of state and voluntary regulation.
Since the state stands in the way of the market producing the protections desired by many (myself included); it seems practical to rely upon the state, for at least something.  And in the short run, it may produce more benefits for bitcoiners (at the expense of society as a whole), but is counterproductive to a more harmonious and prosperous world in the long run.  Also, your chances of changing the political system to your will are likely as slim as mine are of abolishing altogether. . . we might as well at least pursue the one which would produce more benefits than costs in the long run.
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:07:44
Would you actually like me to dispel the ignorance and myths that abound in your thinking?
Or are you content in the safe folds of the Ayn Rand strawman which encircles you?
@_date: 2014-05-06 21:15:52
Bitcoin is definitely an anarchic technology....agorism. 
But I wouldn't say it is mostly libertarian.  If possession is 9/10ths of the law, bitcoin makes possession 10/10, fitting pretty snugly with most anti-private-propertarian ideologies.  You are also on track with your surmising about the relative ease of using bitcoins and blockchain tech for truly and verufiably democratic processes.
Bitcoin protocol practically eschews traditional right-libertarian property norms.
Only the most vulgar of Marxist/communists might see the inherent requirement of voluntary and anti-state association into bitcoin-like-systems to be antithetical to their views.
@_date: 2014-08-03 07:46:10
What truth there is in what he's saying is amply evidenced by how many old-style-thinkers here still fret about the bitcoin foundation, and its elections, and it's scandals.  As if the foundation were in any way interested in them, or representative of them (unless of course they are a paying member), or representative of bitcoin.  They feel the incessant urge to vote; to have everyone reach a consensus for the "greater good", as if that were possible and as if there were such a thing as a "greater good".  As if a far superior mechanism for cooperating and reaching consensus wasn't operating right in front of their eyes.  As if everyone even needed or cared to concern themselves with the same things.
These people cannot really grasp the full meaning of decentralization.  Nor of emergent law.  They can't even understand that neither the bitcoin foundation nor any other entity has any more ability, or responsibility in the matter than they themselves do.  They can't even learn from myriad examples in the world all around them, such as SMTP or TCP/IP.  The stakes may be higher for them with bitcoin, sure; but they blind themselves to the mechanisms which allowed these and other decentralized protocols to progress and develop; as if there were some fundamental difference here.  The same mechanism which in fact keeps the world around them humming and food on their table. . . not because of or in lieu of the political means they cling to, but rather in spite of that cancerous mode of society.  
Because these masses of newbs and state-worshippers claim to see bitcoin as a "non-political movement" or politically "neutral". . . yet they want to inject their ignorant conceptions of modern social democracy into it, and their values that they've been programmed with their whole lives, by the political class.  They can't see that it is anti-political.  Not politically neutral.
They must have a leader; they must know "the plan"; for bitcoin, for society.  "Who will fight for *good* bitcoin regulations?" "Who will be responsible for *our* public image?" "Who will force miners to restrain their hash-rates?" "Who will build the roads?"  "Who will solve global warming?"
 
People participating in the future. . . with their minds in the dust.
these people damn well better hope that bitcoin development does not continue to hinge on the clique of "core developers" that is has been centering around. . . otherwise bitcoin (though it may flop about for a while like a zombie) is dead in the water already.
The healthiest thing that could possibly happen for the bitcoin ecosystem. . . the real sign of life, will be to see some serious  discordant and alternative development going on which results in raging debates, eventually hard-forking of the code, and subsequent disruptions in the exchange values. . . until the point that the backward thinkers and their values are distanced and the threat of political means interfering with peaceful transactions is so effectively neutralized that the blockchain technology can safely normalize, stabilize and the fruits of truly free trade blossom for a while.
Bitcoin is not going to play nice with those who think it is some little play thing, to be wrapped in a nice little package and delivered, all shiny and safe and user-friendly and compliant.  Or just an exciting investment opportunity, or academically interesting new technology.  Bitcoin is not for you if you think it should or will bring equality; if you fear profit and loss, and fear the potentiality of not "going mainstream", or of being a target of legacy law.  It is not just some new, slightly better payments system that just needs to have some rough-edges filed off.
We'd all better get this through our heads:  blockchain technology is a dangerous tool of evolution that will not conform to anything or anyone's preconceived notions, and it will only manifest itself through many iterations, break-aways, and hard-forks; by crashes and precipitous rises in its perceived value.  It is an inescapable and inevitable result of intelligence, routed by universal law which will re-shape the very structure of human law and society.
It is not to be stopped, but only delayed by the viscosity of the vapidity that it must trudge through to reach a time and place of sufficient human enlightenment.  
tl;dr for those who think this is a *cool story Bro* and are tipping their fedora at me: 
Nothing to see here.  Go back to whatever you were snorting while watching your edgy Bill Maher show.  Remember to keep track of your basis when you pay your bitcoin taxes, and have a nice life.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:10:41
Actually, that's a pretty good price.  Next you're going to tell me you can get real milk over there now....I feel so cheated :p
@_date: 2014-08-29 01:46:45
Excellent article.  Author exhibits the correct perspective with which to view the facts.
Now: how much more time, and how many more predictable failures and abuses of trust of and by centralized power will it take for the statists and conformists to begin to understand that anarchists have been correct about the fundamental nature of the state (and also the nature of the naive trust placed in the Bitcoin Foundation) all along, and to start understanding the economics of markets which informs our increasingly correct predictions?
Bitcoin is anarchy-promoting and fundamentally agoristic technology.  If enough people will forsake their religion of state-worship and see reason and logic, then we can begin to focus our efforts on actually making a difference in the world using bitcoin, and other counter-economic tools, instead of continuing a futile fight against the state in their own arena. . . or risk breakdown to violent revolution.  Little can be done to politically fight the powers that be.  Once you understand the economics of monopoly state power, commit to ignoring them and supporting and innovating workarounds that allow people to lead moral, peaceful and prosperous (if illegal) lives, as the state withers away.
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:04:12
As I said before, bitcoin is not suited for a national currency, for the same reasons that the gold standard didn't work either.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:29:28
Incorrect.  Austrian economics is not political science.  It is a value-free economic science, which does not stipulate what is good or bad, or what people should want or not want.
Austrian economics simply utilizes [praxeology]( to deduce certain truths about the outcomes of the fact that human beings act purposefully.  This leads to a derivation of the laws of marginal utility, supply, demand, and an understanding of business cycles.
Many Austrian economists and adherents to the school of thought do not think that bitcoin qualifies as money or will make a good money.  Some do, or are content to watch and see.  Within austrian economics, on the subject of money and its origins; there are two basic schools of thought:  those who subscribe to Carl Menger's view, and those who subscribe to Ludwig Von Mises' view, including his elucidation of the source of money's value through the regression theorem.
Not all Austrian school adherents are anarchist, or even minarchists.  Some are not even capitalists, or at least not in favor of what most people call capitalism, and what was widely viewed to be capitalism in the 19th century America/Britain.  However, the conclusions formed through praxeological insights do lead most Austrians to adopt a more or less laissez faire view of the "best" way to organize society (as the best way to achieve their goals and values and what they guess would be the values of most other people in society as well).
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:12:32
Then allow competition in the provision of financial services regulation.
Problem solved.
Anytime you use the words: "best" or "good", you are necessarily invoking the subjective valuations of the individuals which make up the sphere of effects of the regulation.  No amount of polling, or studies, or hearings or town halls, or comment periods can possibly inform a coercive monopoly regulator as to what quantity and quality of regulations are most valuable to the affected parties BECAUSE THERE IS NO DIRECT OPPORTUNITY COST borne by the consumer, and no opportunity cost whatsoever borne by the regulator.  This is the problem of economic calculation.
Stop legitimizing and supporting this immoral, destructive, and unscientific method of regulating and controlling society.  Ignore these regulators and the monopoly state to every extent possible.  Let's start producing competing regulatory solutions and/or technological solutions which make the need for the presently proposed regulations irrelevant.  But work also to end these monopoly governments and their regulators which legally and financially crowd out the ability of us peaceful market participants have more objectively and competitively better regulations; or to choose to take the risks we want in lesser or unregulated spheres. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 01:13:30
Well that makes it all better, doesn't it?  The other day, the local mafia here in my town did a similar thing: they took a bunch of valuables out of people's homes, and eventually they sold those off at auction.  I hear that they suspected that those were homes of people belonging to a rival mob.  But wouldn't you know it, those nice mafia guys gave every homeowner the chance to come forward and make a claim to those valuables before they were sold off at auction.  Nobody spoke up so . . . 
@_date: 2014-07-05 00:17:38
If a typical vote, being a binary proposition (all or nothing, yes or no, etc.) is a good thing, then why is money as vote (where there's a practical infinite variability along a scale of preference) not a good thing?  Furthermore, money being a proxy for the product of the holder, actually requires skin in the game.  Thus, resources are allocated more rationally, and decisions made with opportunity costs taken into account.
  A political vote is all but meaningless as it carries with it little information about the value scales of the voter (charts direction but not magnitude), and is like cheap talk because it does not carry any risk associated with the potential rewards. 
Combine this with the fact that bitcoin is a system voluntarily entered into (monumentally different than being forced into the political system of the patch of dirt you happened to be born on), and you have a recipe for much more equitable societal outcomes than under the old democratic governance technology.
Wealth inequality is always going to exist...but that condition can result from both societal structures which centralize power, and structures which decentralize it.  The former produces the disparity at the expense of the poorest, and the latter leverages the relative wealth of the rich to raise overall wealth production and increase real standards of living for the poorest.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:21:09
But you'll (through your government) protect us from finding that out in the first place, right?
First, statists argue that anarchy doesn't work, because otherwise it would be functioning now, but we don't see it anywhere, so that must be evidence that it doesn't work.
Then, they tell us that anarchy doesn't work because something something Somalia/Africa/Reaganomics/Murican "deregulation"/Robber Barons/Gilded age.  So apparently it does exist now, and empirically proves that it produces poor results.
Then they tell us that we can go live in the forest alone if we don't like society (which actually isn't true either. . you'll be arrested and fined or caged for doing that as well).  But they also tell us that they can't have their governments allow anarchists and others to secede and/or form their own societies separate from theirs because democracy only works in the magically god-ordained borders which currently make up the geo-political world today.  
Finally they tell us they can't let us form our own law or societies within or separate from their jurisdictions, because their system can't possibly work if they let anyone else live under any other kind of law, because they can't imagine any ways to deal with inter-legal conflicts (pay no attention to international law and trade laws of the past and present; which represent the successful practice of some aspects of anarchical polycentric legal orders).
So basically, if you're brave enough to admit it:  you are either afraid that the results of anarchy would prove you wrong, and/or you're just a sociopathic bully, like most statists are deep down, who insists on keeping slaves, because they know that they can, because their police and military force are big enough to do that job for them.
Have I missed anything?
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:11:25
It's more like us ostriches realizing that playing the game in the regular order of things, the way the lions want and expect us to play, (flocking, running, kicking, burying our heads in the sand), is never going to change the fact that lions are going to pick us off with impunity.  Fighting the state by appealing to its political system has never worked and will not work.  The outcomes we see of centralized democratic systems of governance are inevitable and well explained by sound economics.  Some of us ostriches are not doing what the herd is doing.
Instead, we ostriches are using our brains to build counter-economic systems (bitcoin, bittorrent, crowdfunding, TOR, darkmarket, 3d printing, mesh networks, MAIDsafe, etc, etc) which enable ostriches en masse to walk around on stilts which are (not impervious) but good enough to render the dragnet pack hunt of the lions effectively useless.  We walk around and live and associate with much less fear and far fewer unintended consequences imposed upon us by the pack of lions.  We posses the technology to make nearly any of the anti-competitive intellectual property the corporations can dream up of, nearly impossible for the state to enforce; all the other ostriches need to do is question their religious adherence to the way things were, and choose to use the technology.
But I'm sure this is all just too abstract.  Nevermind the ramblings of the nut-job anarchist ostriches. . . just go bury your heads in the sand and vote harder next time.  I'm sure it will start to work at some point.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:03:34
As a market anarchist (and I guess you could lump that into libertarianism), I appreciate your comment; and agree to great extent. . . though I hope that you will be good enough to consider that there are reasons why a "libertarian" such as myself would agree that:


. . .and yet, still maintain that monopolized state regulation is, all things being equal, inferior to voluntary market regulation (if if said market is allowed to developed unhampered by even threat of state control, and the unintended, and seemingly unrelated consequences of other primary controls over economic and civil affairs).  In other words, there is a much more complex theory (as opposed to how many libertarians perceive state regulations, or how they are strawmaned to perceive them) regarding the marginal effects and effectiveness of state regulations.  I hope that you'll take a moment to at least consider the ideas that I'll linked to, and understand that they come from a much longer chain of economic study and scholarship surrounding the topic, that I hope you'll delve into.  The idea being that of layers of regulation.  See: [here]( [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:56:56
Assurance contracts.  Learn about them.
@_date: 2014-10-12 16:37:30
It might not come from JP Morgan, but mainstream fiat payment systems are going to be able to easily out-compete bitcoin on both features and ease of use, in the near future.
If you think bitcoin is primarily a new payment network, as opposed to a non-state money, then you are going to be very disappointed with how things turn out.
The legacy system can and will innovate in payments. . . what they cannot do is create a new money or proto-money, independent of the state and the central banks.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:52:05
Well played Denmark, well played. 
 This greater freedom over the U.S. (mind-bogglingly, the implications don't seem to register with most bitcoiners) will most likely mean the difference between people using bitcoin as money, and using it as a commodity.
Countries who insist on making their taxes and laws onerous for bitcoin use, will see massive capital flight to countries like Denmark.
@_date: 2014-11-19 05:48:29
What if I think that there's greater value in people beginning to think in terms of BTC as the unit of account, rather than dollars? (as opposed to the downsides of the off-chance that they perceive the whole thing as a game just because they refuse to take a few minutes to learn of and appreciate the token of appreciation that they were just given).
Sorry, but I'm not concerned about a few people not having the curiosity to determine what the value or worth of the tip just given to them is.  In fact, those are probably the people who I'm perfectly fine with not adopting bitcoin at this point.  Frankly, I've run into far more people who take issue with bitcoin tips, for the reason of it being "tacky" or somehow pushy or distasteful (as if tipping was qualitatively any different than giving reddit gold, which these same people have no problem with. . . i.e. fools who make pointless distinctions between monetary value and other value).
People will hate and nitpick on things no matter what. . .and thing like bitcoin, are going to be hated on no matter how you do it.  I don't see that this issue you raise is anywhere near a frequent or severe enough problem, that we should simply be advised to refer back to an archaic monetary unit.
@_date: 2014-02-16 00:10:52
This is what I love about bitcoin: there's no need for me to try to convince you otherwise, or try to radicalize you. (despite the ideological temptation to do so)
It makes it that much easier to simply accept of and appreciate other people's perspectives, even if I disagree with them.
I really wasn't trying to be snarky either; I think you'll shortly see a return of more like-minded people to yourself, and you'll enjoy your participation in the community more. 
Whatever your reasons for liking bitcoin, I'm glad to have your participation.
P.S.  look up "agorism" for an understanding of the word "counter-economic".
@_date: 2014-12-22 05:20:58
I still subscribe to the mining cycle theory as a major component in the price action.
We've just seen (what I believe is) the most sustained *negative* difficulty adjustment by the network, since the entrance of ASICs into the market.
My guess is that this long bear run shook out too many miners who couldn't cover their costs, and who had been selling all their coin out of necessity.  If we are left with even slightly higher margins for the remaining miners, more of them might hodl and even Kickstart a speculative bull run.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:15:57


[What]( [the]( [fuck]( [are]( [you]( [talking]( [about]( ?
I just threw out there the first few links which come up if you do a search limited to for "deflation".  This doesn't even scratch the surface.  This doesn't even include some of the thousands of wall-O-text comments which have been posted, nor the scholarly works linked to.  This was just the first sampling of self.bitcoin postings to come up.  I myself, and many others that I've seen, have written tomes; we've addressed and demolished these deflation fears and myths over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again.  Never once have I told anyone to just go and do a search, and that certainly hasn't been a prevalent theme.
In fact, there has quite possibly, in the history of reddit, never been a more patient, and thorough, and repetitive, and constant campaign of refutation of a fallacy, by an unorganized group of people, than what has been accomplished by the group of bitcoiners who understand economics properly.  We have discussed, argued, written, linked to scholarly works, and covered every conceivable aspect of the deflation myth, AD NAUSEAM!
Listen, I understand that you were taught in your government schools that deflation itself is bad, and leads to deflationary spirals, and that the gold standard and everything else was horrible until the government came along and just fixed everything and now there's no problem and inflation is good, because that's what all modern nation states are doing with their currency  Q.E.D.
I understand that it hurts your brain to listen to logic and comprehend sound economic principles; and have to think and question what the authorities and the mainstream tell you.
But don't sit there and tell us that people have been dismissing the argument and telling you to go search it for yourself.  If I didn't shun conspiracy theory, I'd swear it's like you fucking people are being paid by Paul Krugman or some political party; to keep coming back and spreading FUD and disinformation.  
What the fuck is the agenda?  Why do you educated, inflationist retards keep coming back with the same debunked pseudo-science?
Furthermore and finally above all:  even if you and all your government brainwashed minions were correct about the dangers of deflationary currencies. . . . IT STILL DOESN'T MATTER!  You know why?  because, unlike your government which monopolizes the issuance of currency (as best they can), and essentially forces everyone to use just their one or at least forces everyone to pay taxes in it:  bitcoin is not, nor will it ever be the only currency within the economy.  There will always be other currencies, including possibly fiat currencies, which contribute to the overall money supply in the economy.  For heaven's sake;  if all hell really started breaking loose because bitcoin's value was in a deflationary spiral; there's litecoin, there's freicoin (which has features demurrage); they all could, and some would, increase in popularity to fill societal demand for money.
@_date: 2014-05-11 06:59:11
Life must be such a stimulating joy for you; given your depth of understanding of paradoxical outcomes and ability for abstract thought and intelligent discourse.
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:29:25
Bitcoin has already been regulated in many ways by many different jurisdictions. 
Why do people keep parroting this mindless and blatantly false propaganda?
Where on earth does this bizarre blind spot for the state's interferences come from?
Why do people think that the u.s. has no bitcoin exchange of any note or volume within its borders, despite having the largest user base and most venture capital available and itching to get into the space?
How do people in the u.s. think they are going to be able to use bitcoin as an everyday money, yet remain compliant with tracking and reporting requirements for capital assets? 
@_date: 2014-12-03 00:05:43
When you understand that bitcoin is not yet money (is not fulfilling the economic functions of money, especially unit of account), and the market processes that a highly saleable and liquid commodity undergo in order to develop into money; also understanding that bitcoin has lower (or at least less obvious) use-value outside of money, but extremely high use value if it can indeed overcome present hurdles to achieve the network effect and liquidity necessary to attain money status (see: Menger)....then I think you will see that is correct: by the time the volatility settles down to a point befitting a major world money, bitcoin will either be sitting at 0 (with probably another crypto currency well on its way up), or it will have an exchange price with other monies, orders of magnitude higher than today.
This is the way in which its value is a binary proposition.  Though i do think there's also the small possibility of bitcoin finding a more or less stable niche in particular limited economies and stabilizing there (e.g. certain black markets).  But more likely, black markets are just one of the first stops on the road to world domination...especially as your average person all over the world is being increasingly forces to warm up to the idea of black and grey markets being a legitimate, even necessary thing.  As I've said before: people need to stop worrying about mainstreaming bitcoin out of black markets, and instead understanding that black markets are going to become mainstream.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:16:34


Finally, someone who is pro-state who understands or admits this fact!
Don't worry my friend, even with bitcoin and the myriad of other liberating technologies coming into being. . . it is still probably going to be a long time before nation-states and their taxation go away.  Gradually though, technologies will replace state mechanisms, and the need for involuntary taxation, and you may look around you one day late in your life and realize that freedom was more effective at producing the actual societal outcomes you wanted than the state ever was.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:40:48


That's a misguided analysis from an economics standpoint.  However, even if what you say is true. . .why on earth would we not at least attempt a free society, when the worst that could happen (per you) is merely a return to what we have now: central coercive monopoly governments. . . which is precisely what your words describe.  You simply haven't come to grips with the reality of it, and that's natural.  It's hard because you've been trained culturally and explicitly (in government schools) all your life to irrationally view government as something special, something different than how corporations or other groups of people act when given massive power and moral authority to act and initiate force on people.
@_date: 2014-03-29 05:22:11


Reading this, I can't help but try to give him a little benefit of the doubt:  I can't tell if he's saying that the libertarians he used to see commenting, supported mainstream macroeconomic models (in which case he's a liar and yet another brainwashed shill for practically indefensible statist pseudo-science); or whether he's simply saying that the shrill voices of the newer crop of libertarians are often ones which parrot the concepts of free-markets and anti-central-bank rhetoric, but can't speak to it intelligently or make errors when defending their position.
If his position is the latter:  as a crazy libertarian myself, I do concede to some extent that my voice (among many other anarcho-libertarian voices, as I have observed it) have become more shrill, and perhaps more basic in the expression of their ideology, as opposed to being more of a technical criticism and narrower in scope.  
Call it reactionary, but to me, it has seemed necessary to bring the discussions to the level that he accuses us of.
Here's the problem; myself and others have been warning bitcoiners, since the earliest stages of its growth, that this technology is fundamentally a liberating one, and also a threatening one to the current power structure; and yes, specifically to the keynesian/monetarist macroeconomic hegemony over fiscal and monetary (central bank) policy.
We have been patiently, and painstakingly showing how these kinds of slow, methodical advances by governments (i.e. simply applying their existing draconian laws to bitcoin) will be very damaging, and are all but inevitable.  We have been ostracized and mocked (which we are very used to), and then, when our predicted outcomes came to pass and we take on a somewhat more shrill tone and a plea to our fellow bitcoiners to resist the source of this destructive power; we are derided and mocked, and our pleas and cries misunderstood or distorted to make it seem as if we are the ones surprised by this IRS statement; that we are somehow the one's caught unaware; that we were all just a bunch of stupid white neckbeards sitting around thinking that gubmint couldn't touch us and that we'd all just ride off into the sunset evading taxes and living in an unregulated market economy.
For that matter, many of us have also been warning, since the beginning, that the bitcoin economy is not, and was not ever the completely unregulated "wild west" that it kept being compared to or imagined. . . and that the fundamental distortions which governments create to markets, as well as the explicit regulations already in place courtesy of FinCen, and the uncertainty of the tax situation, were all already having grave impacts upon the market.  And specifically in regards to the exchange industry. . .  I certainly didn't predict exactly what was going to happen with Mt. Gox. . . but I have been commenting for literally YEARS, on how government distortions of the market were stifling competition in exchanges, and causing more advanced and high-level financial services (such as market-based regulatory agencies, auditors, and deposit insurers) to be non-existent.  And yet, with Mt. Gox, we see the fruits of the state's primary interventions into the workings of a fledgling marketplace.  I certainly didn't entrust any of my bitcoin to Mt. Gox.
And yet, what do people do?  Like dogs to their vomit, they fall back on blaming what they misinterpret as "unregulated markets" and they further blame libertarians for giving bitcoin a bad image, or even for causing this crisis with their ideology, and thus ensuring that state and federal (and other national) regulators would have to step in and "save us".
So, you know what people?  Keep hurling the insults, it's nothing new.  Keep your heads in the sand about the nature of the government institutions which you worship:  bitcoin is ours.  You may participate if you wish.  You may try to have your regulators regulate it.  You may command your tax agents to arrest and imprison peaceful people for your mindless belief that a coercive monopoly MUST provide the roads and courts and police and law, and monetary authority, and everything else which you are too short-sighted and greedy and impatient to leave to peaceful market processes. . . but bitcoin is still ours.
Bitcoin is not going away.  Our ideology and our philosophy, and our struggle against your lack of empathy and intellect will continue to nip and your heels.  It is growing and it will continue to grow.  Decentralizing technologies and culture are taking hold at an ever-increasing pace.  People are not needing to be convinced of libertarian philosophy; they are seeing the benefits of voluntary replacements to previously government-monopolized societal functions; and they are turning to these more peaceful means, for purely practical and self-serving reasons.
You are losing.  Bitcoin is winning.  Continue to convince yourselves that decentralized money and nation-states can coexist; continue to delude yourselves that its technology is just as useful withing the framework of state-sanctioned systems as it is outside of them. . . it doesn't matter.  Each time you use it; you further our cause.
Thank you, for your cooperation.
@_date: 2014-08-29 02:29:38
I'd be much more worried about the developers as a central and [cheaper]( point of attack.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:47:26


Yes, but it will also make it much more trivially easy for people to launder money and evade taxes.  Most bitcoiners just haven't come to realize this and understand the technological inevitability.
This is what's so great about bitcoin and the fact that it is programmable money though:
It makes it easier to live by your conscience.  If you believe that there's such thing as "the greater good" and if you believe that taxes are the only way to fund the means towards that end. . . then great!  Bitcoin can make your life and your masters' lives easier for you.  Likewise, if you understand economics as the impossibility of central planning the resource allocation of society by central command and coercion; then bitcoin gives you some tools to avoid that, and build a better world with like-minded people.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:38:14
Great article!  As a market-anarchist/ancap/voluntarist/crazy-extremist-who-obviously-hates-poor-people, I agree with everything the author said. . . . except the insinuation that myself and others of my persuasion are somehow the perpetrators of backlash against deleted submissions, such as the MagicalTux hacking dump.
Even putting aside the fact that the afore mentioned ideologies can be quite diverse in their tactics and worldviews (so it's a little hard to peg blame or exonerate here). . . nevertheless, If the author can produce evidence suggesting that those of this philosophical persuasion are indeed the majority representation in crying foul against the self-censoring; then I will happily apologize, and have words with my comrades.
Otherwise, I will be back over in as usual, trying to convince the minimal-state worshipers that it is as immoral, hypocritical, and counterproductive to forcefully prohibit gun control by private property owners, as it is to place public bans or restrictions on firearms.  I've also been known to be over in trying to show them that the only consistent understanding and definition of rights, is one based upon contract and stemming from property. . . in other words, you never have had the "right" to yell "fire" in a crowded theatre. . . .not just because a number of court cases set a precedent, but because rights are functions of property, including your own body, the theatre owner's theatre, and the moderator's website.  I could not agree more with the author, and I'm pretty sure that others of my bent are not too far off in their assessment either.
In other words; any ancap/market-anarchist/voluntarist who is not a complete hypocrite or not extremely ignorant of their own professed ideology will not be focusing too much on ostracizing fellow slaves for their compliance to the slave-master's wishes (none of us want to be caged or shot, and we don't want to see anyone else caged or shot). . . nor would they fail to see the hypocrisy in trying to force others to not be able to do with their property as they please.  Ostracizing a moderator for censoring content they might get in trouble with is certainly not the same as using force or threatening violence against them if they don't keep the content up; nevertheless, I'm confident that most of these people are well aware and dedicated to the much more fruitful guerrilla tactics which the author expounded upon. . . and we certainly share the view of who the real enemy is.
I hope that the author will come to realize this, and understand the philosophy better, and think more highly of my kind; who he seems to share so much in common with.
@_date: 2014-02-09 21:01:27
The revolution already started bud.  It is a peaceful one (on our end).  That is part of why you weren't aware.
Nation-states are a dying institution; don't cower to them or look to them for protection.  Simply start finding ways of peacefully taking care of your fellow human beings' needs, and they will take care of you.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:12:22
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  This is what I've been screaming for several years.  There is a glimmer of hope and understanding in this world.
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:34:40
The hair on my neck does grow a little faster than on my face....is this a sign?  Nothing a little state worship and a straight razor can't fix I suppose.
{removes fedora}
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:52:07
Yes.  We need experts, who can best represent the informed consensus, to disseminate the facts.
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:18:04
Those additional seats wouldn't be coming out of california, would they.  They would be coming out of Jefferson and Santa Ana, and Shasta or whatever they are calling the new regions.  Seeing it all as CA is arbitrary; and there are certainly existing states in the U.S. which are smaller (population wise and population density) than these new states would be, and they all get their 2 senators anyway.  Do I think it's fair?  Does that cause rural preferences to sometimes get an unfair advantage?  Sure, maybe.  Just look at the farm bill that gets passed bi-partisanly every time.
Anyhow, to me the question of representation in Washington is somewhat irrelevant; the bigger gain to be had is in the decentralization of power, and the ability for the people of these new regions to have a little more impact over the local laws that affect them most.  Nothing is going to change DC at this point. . . it's got to just collapse of its own weight.
I'm an anarchist anyways... monopoly government is a stupid and immoral way to organize society anyway.  Let people secede down to whatever level they wish.  If you don't like how they vote to a central entity. . . don't make them have to be part of that central entity.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:06:46
I love how statists can stand on this pedestal of complete ignorance of economics and philosophy, and preach about what they assume is inevitable should their state-god be shown for the farce it is. . . when all around them, at this moment, in empirical glory; are the very outcomes that they claim to fear so much, as the result of their statist systems.  Nirvana fallacy is employed to an extreme that can barely be comprehended.
Calling the condition of nearly any place in Africa an example of anarchy in action belies a complete and willful misunderstanding and strawmanning of anarchism.  We will no doubt agree that not all statist systems are created equal and that, given a monopoly on the initiation of force in a territory, certain social democratic systems tend to produce better results than other monopoly governance systems. . . does not in any way preclude there being altogether better modes of organizing society and forms of governance.  Furthermore, I imagine that you remain willfully ignorant of the way in which larger, more powerful Western and Asian states, have externalized (including well-meaning aid) upon the poor backwards banana republics of Africa to produce the results which you mistakenly attribute to lack of government.
By the way. . . telling your governments to leave us anarchists alone, would in no way prevent you and many others from continuing to reap the costs and benefits of living under your statist system.  We won't stop you. . .in fact, when you see how much better things could be; nobody will stop you, but your own state, presumably, from opting out of your system and into one of the many which flourish and compete in a world of voluntary governance.
@_date: 2014-02-15 17:58:28
Should regulators move offshore to hide their shame and to find other people to control?
Vote now:
To vote "yes" - use bitcoin
To vote "no" - use fiat
@_date: 2014-11-09 12:02:17
Ah, the way we used to mock the internet on the BBS' s ...
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:01:29
If it weren't for government. . . you wouldn't even know that lead is bad to ingest.  Check-mate.
@_date: 2014-09-03 16:08:25
That's what I was afraid of.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:41:32
You have fun keeping track of your basis on every coin you acquire, and then calculating your gain (based on FIFO?) for every coin you spend and reporting that accurately, come tax time, I'm addition to the existing complexity and expense of your tax filing.
Sure it's doable if you're just using bitcoin as an investment, but it leaves the prospect of using bitcoin as your main or only currency, effectively prohibitive.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:00:28
Cool.  Anyone know whether a btcd node (Debian build) will run on Raspian?
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:24:24
Here's the only way to do it (and as a bonus, and out of necessity, it is non-violent):
1. stop worshipping the state
2. build counter-economic and decentralized tools and services (like Bitcoin) to render state services obsolete, and/or provide options and competition for government and governance.
2. persuade and teach others to stop worshipping the state and to see it for the socially and economically destructive force it is, and to find ways to provide what the state has historically provided for, voluntarily (which is actually pretty easy and has been done before in most cases. . . Bitcoin is already showing how money and monetary policy can be handled without a state).
3. prosper.
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:12:48
Then the only proper thing to do with these types of people who dispatch with us by making cheap jabs at things we hold dear, is to grace their dismissal with a well reasoned explanatory response.
I'm not too keen on living in a world where statists, luddites, and other backwards-thinking and intellectually lazy people get to launch attacks (verbally or physically), without being met by proportionate defense.    That's the world of high-school popularity contest that too many people haven't grown out of.  Time for them to learn the life lesson of being courteous enough to present a consistent argument (and take responsibility for initiating such if they must assert their disagreement with us), or shutting their mouths and keeping it to themselves.
At the very least; and when we're under the constraints of trying to maintain relationships with family and friends, and where internet-tough-guyerry is not the most conducive mode of communication; we should at least be explaining to these people that their words and/or modes of argument are counterproductive and equivalent to us baselessly attacking some belief or knowledge which they hold to be true and which is related to their intelligence, and expecting no retaliation from them if we did so.
@_date: 2014-09-17 03:42:52
Reason number 5,234 why the state must be phased out.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:37:40
But, but. . . John Stewart had a panel of "experts" on his show say that Judge Napolitano is wrong! 
Also, the south fired on the north first; therefore a massive civil war was the only way to end slavery and the north was completely justified in not allowing southern states to secede from the union!!!
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:28:40
I disagree with the premise that the us has embraced, or been friendly towards bitcoin.
Don't forget, there's a reason that (up til recently) there has not been an exchange of any significance in the u.s..  It's not for lack of trying.
Also, just try using bitcoin for all your everyday purchases, and comply with tax law....you have to be very ideologically convicted to find the trouble worth using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:42:23
Well, you can govern without the consent of the governed for a certain period of time. . . .in the case of a massively wealthy and widely morally legitimized government such as the U.S. and NY State governments. . . .that can be a long time, and go a long ways to really fucking up society, before society puts a stop to it.
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:30:46
Maybe.  If you feel that bitcoin's value lies mostly in it's utility as a payment network, rather than as a non-state money and counter-economic tool....I think a lot of bitcoiners are going to be disappointed in the near future,  as mainstream fiat payment technologies catch up to, and even overtake bitcoin in the areas where bitcoin currently offers the advantage (such as price and information security).
Until people really understand what bitcoin is, and how crucial it is to have an alternative to the state fiat monetary system, and to evade centralized control....well,  then I'm afraid the prospects for it are going to be rather mundane.
If people will grasp it as something more than just a neat technology with which to stick it to the bankers and paypal....then, we can really advance as a society and see some exciting and incredible things in our lifetimes; which will make our culture of reliance upon the holy state-church for the organization of society look like what it is: medieval. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:41:39
Feel free to explain it to us poor simpletons.
Bonus points if you can prove that you actually understand the logic of your position and demonstrate the derivation of underlying theory; by using your own words, and moreover, avoiding words and phrases like: "basic macro..." "my professor said..." "consensus..." "peer reviewed..", and other illogical appeals to authority.  We're well aware of the mainstream schtick, where it comes from, and OP just explained one reason why it is wrong.
Go ahead, explain like I'm 5 what is so terribly inadequate about OP's analysis, and why it's oh so much more complex than that.
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:56:25
Alright, what's all this I hear about colored coins?
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:35:30
For what it is worth... I do see its moneyness very much as you just described (with the minor differences in how we are defining unit of account and store of value).  I can see how my post was poorly worded and confused the issue.
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:34:27


Uh, huh.  Keep thinking that.  The value proposition of bitcoin the alternative payment system pales in comparison to bitcoin the counter-economic tool and worldwide free-market currency and distributed ledger of trust and stateless contract mechanism.
Frankly, my bank and my credit cards work just fine for me.  For those in less developed areas of the world and under less stable governments; there can be great value in the payment processing technology/aspect. . . but without the first world infrastructure, that value as a payments/remittance network will be difficult and expensive to realize; without effectively switching to using bitcoin as your currency instead of whatever the local fiat is. 
The real value for the masses is in bitcoin the money (assuming that the unit continues to develop into an actual full-fledged money; unit of account, store of value, medium of exchange); and in bypassing the corrupt, ineffective, and inefficient political systems which plague this planet.
Screw the banks.  Screw this statist conception of what "mainstream adoption" must be.  We can and will build completely different institutions with bitcoin.  The internet did not make newspapers better, it replaced them with something else.  Anyone with half a brain is not interested in making central banks or clearinghouses or fiat money better.
@_date: 2014-06-01 18:57:10
The motives and capabilities for simply wealthy market participants to "manipulate" markets is little more than an overblown meme; born of the same sentiment that makes the wolf of wallstreet such a popular movie, and the occupy wallstreet crowd a healthy, but misguided movement.
It takes massive force/threat and massive fraud backed up by this force to actually perpetuate more than very short-lived distortions of market prices. 
Only governments and some religions remain a powerful enough myth, in enough people's minds, to create long term distortions.
Nobody "believes" in whales, or defers judgement or moral authority to them.  When bitcoin prices run up quickly like this, most investors and most of us small-money bitcoin players are not stupid.  We understand the price is going to correct.  We understand that there are players who can and do pump enough to produce small psychological reactions, but also small corrections to this.  We understand that some players (possibly even exchange operators) have better information (sometimes arbitrarily called "inside information") than we do.  We understand that this is a young industry and market which lacks a lot of the standards, safeguards, and financial tools such as a full array of options trading, which more mature markets enjoy.  We understand that there are powerful players (including governments) who wish bitcoin to fail, and have been actively persecuting exchanges and other bitcoin businesses.  We understand that there's a lot of fraud and that caveat emptor is the word.
.....but it really doesn't matter in the big picture.  This is all more or less priced in, and factored into our investment strategy.  The Willy thing is, in my opinion, misunderstood and overblown.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:36:22
You may have a reputation problem.  I don't.  
I understand that you are coming at this from an angle of believing that what the bitcoin economy needs, in order to flourish, is clear regulation and "good" regulation (whatever that is, and as if that were even possible when coming from a coercive, monopolized source)
I invested in bitcoin with a full, and much more realistic understanding, that no matter how good the image of the community is. . . no matter how quickly bitcoin is adopted into the mainstream. . . no matter how polite bitcoiners are to regulators:  This was always going to happen.
  
This was always going to be a fight (because they would never let us peacefully use bitcoin freely).  People and bitcoin industry groups were always going to try to "work" with regulators, and believe that they were actually going to have an appreciable effect. People were going to believe that democracy was actually an effective tool of equitably governing people, and that regulators were incentivized to protect people, or that that were even possible.  And it was all, always, going to be for naught.  
The regulators care only of their image enough to achieve a certain degree of compliance, and keep the natives from getting restless.  They do not care of the effects, and unintended consequences that they will create.  They do not care that they will be letting wealthy banks go for much larger "crimes", while completely stifling one of the only remaining bastions of innovation and freedom left in their stagnant, fascistic economy, they will put innocent people in jail, or ruin their lives with fines and destroyed businesses and compliance costs. . . . just to make sure that not one "money launderer" gets through.
It is delusional and an absolute sickness.
Many of us, are not concerned about reputation in the sense that you are using it.  Many of us are more concerned with actually being civil and peaceful and productive; rather than putting on shows of respect.
I have no problem with being polite (even though it is more than these people deserve).
But I will never stop extolling logic and basing my worldview on the sciences and economics. . . no matter how far from mainstream, or how "extreme" our views are declared to be.  You can conveniently label what I say as disrespectful or impolite, if it suits you.  But if I must tolerate the violence of governments and their regulators; then you can tolerate my opinion . . .even in front of your honorable overlords.
If I were not such a bumbling public speaker; I would absolutely, and unabashedly (and as politely as possible) say all of this right to Lawsky's face. . . I am not hiding behind the internet.  I certainly prefer writing as a medium of communication.
Think on the implications of asking people to be polite and respectful, in  contrast to the violence that has been done and will be done by these people you are asking us to be polite to.
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:12:04
Localbitcoins is being forced by government (or faces great enough risk of govt persecution by not doing this) that there can be no competition which can differentiate themselves in this regard. 
The criticism is against government ultimately, not just whining about a company (though OP seems to be a bit confused)...and a concerted effort against government intrusions into the market is exactly what crypto was all about initially.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:05:14
Well good on them for their anti-gov rhetoric. . . . but I don't see them going anywhere fast with their software behaving the way it has been.  Chrome app and android app have been either down or experiencing issues on a wide range of devices for weeks now.
@_date: 2014-05-25 22:35:44
I've been worried about you buddy.  I'm glad to see that you've still got something to cling to right now as the price continues on its usual trajectory in this phase of its cycle.  It will crash again....don't worry.  And you'll have a fresh crop of noobs to warn.
@_date: 2014-10-12 20:16:47
You are predictably missing the point.  I am not parroting the stupid and shortsighted argument that Bitcoin mining is inefficient or somehow bad.  
People make this argument because, not only do they not understand how inefficient and wasteful the legacy system is; but because they are unaware that the comparison is false.
Bitcoin is not just some open-source decentralized version of banks.
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:48:35
But don't worry everyone: Bitcoin's not political or anti-state.  Nothing to see here.  Move along.
@_date: 2014-01-31 19:04:16
No, what you are getting is well-reasoned perspective on why simply asking an economist "with an actual degree" is not the proposition you think it is.
Economics is not a hard science, like astronomy or physics. . . hence (for this reason and others) there is huge disparity in thought and methodology between the various schools of economics.  You need to understand economics for yourself, at least to the point that you know enough about the various schools to trust the perspective of one or some, over the others.
That fact that you simply asked for any degreed economist and treat this like some simple technical question which can be clearly and definitively answered by any PhD economist out there, underscores your grave misunderstanding of science, epistemology, and the questions you should be asking.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:24:11
You think that laws and principles of justice apply to governments?  The onus is not on them to prove your "guilt".  With the IRS, you are guilty until you prove yourself innocent.
Even if the IRS were more tightly bound by the "laws" of the land. . . they can still effectively punish you simply by dragging you through the legal system. . . their legal system.  At great costs to you, regardless of your innocence or guilt.  It's no skin off their back. . . in fact, you're paying for it: twice.
It absolutely blows my mind that it should take any convincing to get people to eradicate the idea of monopoly government from their minds, and off of the face of the earth.  Of all the hideously insane ideas, exhibited across 5000+ years of bloodshed and misery. . . what the fuck is wrong with people and their state worship, to support such an institution?
Bitcoin is not some foolproof means of tax evasion. . . but it is one expression of what happens when you mess with free people for too long.  Governments push towards a path of violence and civil war. . . .counter-economic systems, like bitcoin, provide a peaceful way of avoiding associating with sociopaths and rendering their nation-states obsolete.
The IRS will ruin many people's lives making examples out of them. . . but ultimately, the crypographic tools necessary to make bitcoin use practically and conveniently anonymous, will cause the IRS's enforcement and tracking burden to balloon beyond their control.  Bitcoin already alleviates much of their inflation-tax burden, and when they can no longer effectively track and tax the wealth of the majority of us slaves. . . it will be lights out for  Uncle Sam; as competing systems are simultaneously emerging to take the place of the societal functions, which the state previously usurped. . . .just as bitcoin and other currencies are filling the role of money, in the shell of the crumbling fiat systems.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:22:15
As a payment network only. . . bitcoin hardly produces value (for most people) over the existing systems.  Between ACH, Swift, and SEPA. . . the first world already has cheap, fast, and reliable payments.  Bitcoin definitely has potential to make certain payments much easier and cheaper. . .but much of that is stifled by state intervention.  And certainly it is a substantial improvement for remittance. . . but again, those governments already do or are likely to regulate the necessary fiat exchanges, to the point that ease of use, if not costs, will keep people very skeptical of bitcoin.  Banks can (and probably will) create new payment systems and mechanisms which rival the cost of sending bitcoin, and certainly will beat out the ease and user-friendliness (i.e. there is nothing inherent about bitcoin that gives it an advantage as to the ease of the user interfaces that can be built on top of it).  Bitcoin does have advantages, but those are centered around its moneyness and the malfeasance of state control over money. . . the average person does not agree with or understand these advantages, and that is why the masses, who like you, only perceive bitcoin as at best a better payments network, aren't flocking to bitcoin in droves.
No, the real value proposition is and always has been the realization of a new money and monetary system, outside the control of states and their central banks.  
I'm not concerned about exchange price volatility. . .in fact I expect it and would be concerned if it were not there at this point in bitcoin's development.  
@_date: 2014-09-23 23:16:01
Whatever I'm getting at, you're not even close.  To supposedly have read my initial post and distill my point down to a complaint that the courts aren't fast enough is....well, it's not your fault.  I blame  government schools.  You on the other hand previously made a case that courts are indeed slow, because of the human factor, then turn right around and try to convince me of how easy and quick it is to sue people in our legal system with your anecdotes.  Do you see the disconnect here?
@_date: 2014-03-07 15:48:46
Mutually assured deanonymization.   A crypto society is a polite society.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:36:32
You seem to take issue with the principle of having the code vetted by multiple sources, before it is implemented.  Is this really so disagreeable. . . to be suspicious of crisis (real or overblown) as an opportunity for good or bad intentioned actors to slip in harmful code?
There is not, nor ever will be a good reason to rush an update.
@_date: 2014-09-22 23:59:13
We've been over this so many times:
[transaction volume in USD](
Bitcoin is not yet a unit of account.  It is only serving as a proxy for fiat.  It is only serving as a payment network. . . not yet a money.  You have to look at USD transaction volume if you're going to try to prove any kind of a point like this.
More importantly, we've also been over this demand side nonsense over and over.  Demand only creates it's own supply once that something has first been supplied.  Supply either creates it's own demand, or it doesn't and fails.  People will either understand, or find use and value in bitcoin, or they won't.  Trying to inorganically promote a culture of use, is both futile, and not-sustainable.  People will spend bitcoin when they have incentive to spend bitcoin.  If merchants and vendors want bitcoin, they will offer something to bitcoin holders which entices them to spend it.  
Not to mention that we are once again being chided by someone here who doesn't understand economics or bitcoin, who is accusing us of being too concerned with the bitcoin price. . . . by telling us that if we would just spend, then the price will rise.
Newbs:  please stop freaking out.  Bitcoin is the fucking honey badger of money.  get this through your heads.  it is not likely going away.  it was bitten by a cobra, and it's a little drunk right now so it's asleep.  It will wake up and keep eating the head off the fucking snake it was just bitten by.  Stop worrying about the price.  Seriously.  Trust us.  We've been through this over and over and over.  Stop worrying about the price.  Stop worrying that you need to centrally plan and manage the wisdom of markets and peoples' valuations.  Bitcoin either lives or dies.  Pick your side, and calm your incontinence.  Make a decision and live with it confidently and willing and able to bear the consequences either way.
@_date: 2014-02-13 05:42:50
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley act, which repealed portions of the Glass-Steagal act (especially regarding separations of investment and commercial banking), is a perfect example of what I call "primary" and "secondary" regulations.
Regulation affects markets directly and indirectly, in layers.  
Layer one - state control over money, legal tender laws, restrictions on inter-state clearinghouses, price-setting of the bi-metallic standard.
Result - Classic bank runs/panics.  Market volatility.  Made out to be the results of "free banking" era,  evil supposed "laissez faire" practices.
Layer two - the 3rd central bank of the united states, the federal reserve act.  
Result - inflationism, money printing to support unprecedented government spending (esp. WWI).  Boom period (roaring twenties).  Crash of '29
Layer three - government fiscal stimulus, price controls, FDR, FDIC, Glass Steagall act.
Result - moral hazard, prolonged crash into becoming what we know as great depression, most damaging regulations not repealed until after WWII; economy does not get out of depression until after WWII (hint:  GDP is worthless metric for actual wealth and quality of life).  Continued manifestations of business cycles and ensuing "liquidity traps" due to manipulations of federal reserve.
Repeal of some of Layer 3 - Gramm Leach Bliley.  Restrictions on separations of investment/commercial banking are lightened.  Fed, under direction of Greenspan, and then Bernanke react to political pressure and need to sustain the ramped up government spending post-9/11
Result - Banks (which effectively act as the end-outlet for money created by the Fed, through fractional reserve lending), creates acceleration/magnification of boom/bust cycles prompted by Fed policy of manipulation of interest rates, money printing, etc.  Economy exposed to more of the ills which were somewhat mitigated by the passage of layer 3 regulations, but exposed to no benefits of actual deregulation of the primary interferences of government into the market.  Dot-com boom, 2008 crisis. . . much worse to come.
Yes, some regulation; even from the government can temporarily alleviate some ills. . .but these ills were caused by government interference in the first place.  Remove the secondary or tertiary regulations only, and of course you expose the economy to more of the ills.  Governments can drill-down further and further in this way and do "better" than the results of them doing nothing after their primary interventions. . . but governments can never do better than the market left alone.
Another classic example is "deregulation" of electrical utility in CA in the 90's.  Caused major problems.  Everyone's bias against "deregulation" seems confirmed.  Problem is; CA allowed some competition in the provision of electricity, but they did not remove the price controls and the EPA regulations which already destroyed any semblance of market workings in the first place.
Similar story with airline "deregulation".
This is a pattern repeated over and over, by government agents using tactics sophisticated enough to fool the majority of the population into believing that civilization cannot exist without a coercive monopoly on governance and regulation; and constantly justifying the increases and further centralization of their powers.
Enter Bitcoin:  laws and regulations already on the books (capital gains taxes, MSB rules federal and states, threat of selective prosecutions, uncertainty surrounding application of tax law and financial regulation to bitcoin).  These all have affected and distorted the bitcoin market; almost from the outset.  Especially this has stagnated exchanges, and the creation of new, competition in the industry.  Necessarily this has stagnated it; and left us with few options better than Mt. Gox; and fewer competitors; so that when a Mt. Gox does have problems, it is a huge blow to the overall market place.
Resultant public opinion:  BITCOIN IS THE WILD WEST OF MONEY AND COMPLETELY UNREGULATED!!  WE MUST REGULATE IT, FOR THE CHILDREN, AND SO THAT INVESTORS WILL FEEL COMFORTABLE AND SO THE MAINSTREAM WILL ADOPT IT!!!
Get rid of government interference altogether.  Watch the bitcoin economy flourish and innovate quickly, and provide market-based solutions to regulatory problems.
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:31:53
I dunno. . . I feel more prosperous just reading the title.
@_date: 2014-02-22 21:36:25
Why does everybody always think first of subsidizing things and propping up wages in order to solve problems; rather than trying to remove existing price floors, lower taxes/rents/compliance costs, and address disintegrating purchasing power?
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:34:22
Except that the government educated masses have been trained to fret about monetary inequality.  So, they *must* know.
@_date: 2014-08-03 15:41:33
Unfortunately, all too popular an opinion.  Even here.  If this thread got more visibility, I assure you the vote counts would reverse, and you would be in the positive.
Sorry, you cant play the martyr just yet.  The time will come when your indoctrinated viewpoint will be the ostracized minority, but not yet.
@_date: 2014-07-09 01:45:46
The whole argument is a long winded way of saying that:
 bitcoin is not yet a unit of account, and cannot ever be because I have misinterpreted the logical musings of the austrian masters, who incidentally provided **a** likely way in which money could have developed from catallactic processes....as being **the only** way which money can emerge in the market.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:02:35
You should try it.  
@_date: 2014-10-11 03:17:53
He's like an Ewok.  Just want to hold him and stroke his fur like we shut down the Empire's shield generator station together. 
That's not weird, right?
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:39:41
I love how so many of you newbies are simultaneously disillusioned at the low prices, and critical of early adopters and the wealth disparity.  
You know, when a bitcoin was $5, and back when you could mine fairly easily with a gpu, we were expending monumental amounts of our own time, money, and effort building this economy, and talking to people about bitcoin, extolling the revolutionary technology and the potentials it held, teaching them as much as we could, so that they would have the opportunity and knowledge to invest even a little.  Trying to share this with everybody we could.  Most people ignored us.  Most people complained that we were evangelizing too much, or wrote us off as crazy.  Then when the first bubbles hit, and early adopters made sizeable gains....people like you started calling us "greedy", and bitcoin a pyramid scheme or ponzi, etc.
You do not understand Bitcoin, if you think it was ever about "democratization" of money.  It is not engineered that way, nor do markets work that way.  Bitcoin empowers the individual, not a majority of a collective.  Markets unhampered tend to reward merit, and that is what the early adopters have: merit.
If you look at the issue more deeply, you'd realize that the wealth disparity is unlikely to be the long term vector in bitcoin....but at least understand this: that even if the disparity continues, the causes of it are better than the causes of wealth disparity in the world of fiat and complete government control.  Capital flowing to merit is better than capital flowing to arbitrary decrees of politicians and bureaucrats.  
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:10:57


You have my axe!  
But seriously though, you're absolutely right.  Let me propose though, that the hurdles of overcoming issues within unrestricted markets are also complemented by value propositions. . . even profit opportunities.
I'm not here to say that I know what the solution or solutions are.  In fact, I'm not even necessarily agreeing that the very benchmark of a pool hitting greater than 50% hashing power for an extended period of time will necessarily have as adverse of an impact upon the price as you seem to be implying (don't get me wrong, I do see it as a problem and a systemic one as you say).
But I think you're succumbing to this thing in our culture where we tend to fear not having a concrete, centralized, plan in place for how to deal with a problem that is beyond the scope of ourselves as individuals.  We all can and must plan for ourselves. . . but it is a hubris and an epistemological fallacy of much of modern philosophy and economics to assume that individuals and groups of people can and must produce plans for society or economies as a whole.
You are not the only one who cares.  You are not the only one who finds value in solving this problem and has stake in it.  You should work to find solutions that benefit you and the bitcoin economy as a whole (which feeds back to benefit you).  There are people setting up built in donation systems in P2pool to incentivize miners switching to that.  I think that could have some success, because it is in the interest of nearly everyone who uses bitcoin to do so and to possibly donate.  I don't know if that will be the solution, or if that alone will do the trick.  I don't know if bitcoin developers need to find a solution by way of change to the core protocol.  But whatever the solutions are, I am fairly confident with you and many other smart people working towards these solutions.  Learn to stop worrying and love the chaotic, emergent properties of markets.
Ask yourself, if with all the hand-wringing going on about this, that a solution cannot be found, and your worst fears are realized. . . Is then any solution (coerced or voluntary, centralized or decentralized) sustainable?  If a solution can only be sustained by massive ideology, hand-wringing, or force and centralization. . . then ask yourself whether bitcoin deserves to stand, and what then are you fighting for.
I do not believe for a second that this will be remotely close to the end of bitcoin.  I believe that incentives will align and at least a good enough solution will become ensconced as part of the marketplace.  I don't need to know what exactly those solutions are. . . just work to support the ones which I think are best.
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:55:33
[Come to the dark side.](
@_date: 2014-12-19 05:59:33
Stop worshiping the state (especially the Australian gov't. . .I think you've all gone truly bat-shit-statist over there).  Find every way possible to get around their immoral and counter-productive laws.
Understand that Bitcoin is and always has been, anti-state technology.  You're going to have to pick a side, whether you like it or not.  It was never going to be embraced by most nation-states. . . some will actively fight against it.  Rather, Bitcoin is going to be a solution and an escape hatch to their monetary decline.  What few "favorable" rulings and regulations various governments make and what portions of our lives they leave alone; will be merely flukes, or concessions towards a bigger, more obfuscated goal of theirs.  No conspiracy theory required here.  This is just how central power and bureaucracy operate and the methods they tend toward.   Bitcoin is not yet even money; and keep your eye on that ball, because if it can achieve that status (especially unit of account), that is when things will get really interesting.
Welcome to the world that most of us early adopters knew was coming all along.  It is going to get much worse (and not just for bitcoin).  Get used to the idea of operating in black markets. . .not just for bitcoin, but for most things you'll need. 
Yes, that's right; this is the world you live in.  Full of a sickness called statism, that is destroying everything, and is leading to poverty, war, death, and destruction as it always has and always will. . . but hey, keep ignoring sound economics and the logic of market anarchism, and keep ignoring the clear example that bitcoin/blockchain technology demonstrates, in how to voluntarily set up public goods and services without the state. . . .Bitcoin is just a cheaper payment network with which to stick it to western union and to eliminate bank fees. . . go back to your regularly scheduled program. . . I'll wake you up at the next government intervention to distort and hamper the bitcoin market; just to once again say: "I told you so".
@_date: 2014-08-01 18:43:23
Some might say, a chain . . . . a blockchain.  
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:24:38
There are lots of possibilities in this realm.  Terrestrial television broadcasters can (and already are in one case) broadcast the blockchain.  Satellites could broadcast the blockchain (and jgarzik is already leading a charge on that front).  Wireless internet is likely, in the next 10 years or so to become far more ubiquitous, with such projects as google projectLune and other such ventures.
It also is highly likely that in the future, non-connected hardware wallets, inexpensive rfid tags, or even paper wallets could be used to sign transactions; where the recipient/merchant/vendor is the one who provides the wallet/blockchain and connectivity as well as generates the transaction.
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:31:18
Noice.  
"Western Not-The-Onion".
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:15:04
Please.  No positiveness regarding bitcoin price, nor humor.  It offends the "normal" people. 
It is very difficult to not click on links that come up in the sub, and they demand a certain level of quality in their publicly-and-openly-contributed-to news aggregator.
@_date: 2014-12-06 04:29:06
Thanks very much for the generous tip.
I also agree with you very much on this:


In many ways, a large "respected" government like the U.S. federal government or the E.U. . . . masked in decorum and and air of legitimacy and the false flag of democracy; is a far greater danger to humanity, and by extension Bitcoin, precisely because they do not act like the banana republic which crudely bans or bluntly and obviously steals/taxes away the nation's prosperity; all without maintaining the faith and (unfounded) trust of its populace.  Those societies (under despots), while they can be very dangerous for those who oppose the government or break its laws, tend to produce only a much more vibrant black market and trade in things considered contraband. . . that government produces it's own lack of support, and thus limits its own ability to practically enforce its edicts.
With the religious, near cultish faith that Americans and Europeans have in their government institutions (even if they claim to hate the particular politician in power in the moment; they nearly always assume the inevitability and necessity of the institutions themselves); there is little hope of winning a P.R. battle against this societal institution which wields so much power and favor of the public.  
But this is precisely why I assert that what must and will happen for bitcoin to really succeed, is the slow, almost imperceptible decline of their freedoms; until such time as even the dull and desensitized masses have hit their thresholds and begin to truly see their "democracy" for what it is:  a banana republic with more cunning masters.  They can still believe that the institution is good . . . . they will be forced to defy that very institution in their daily lives, just to survive.
@_date: 2014-06-06 04:07:36
Yeah, downvotes of course.  I don't get people....nobody is trying to predict a specific price or call a date for the top...but to deny the existence of a cycle is moronic.
@_date: 2014-08-30 02:58:11
Words like rays of sunlight.  Wish this were further up in the thread for every state-worshipping retard to have to choke on.
1.3 mBTC
@_date: 2014-03-28 23:19:25


Yes, I know.  That's called stockholm syndrome.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:59:09
Wait, how are people just buying credit card info?  Don't CC users keep their private keys private?  What?  You have to divulge your private key in order to make purchases?!  But it's okay, because your account will be refunded in someone steals your information?  And this cost doesn't get borne ultimately by the consumer?  Sounds perfect.  :-p
The really ironic thing, is that some of the most popular malware relies upon mimicking popular antivirus program's GUIs such as McAfee, to get people to click on links or for phishing scams.
@_date: 2014-09-23 17:24:49
Part of the reason it could go on for so long, is because of a completely useless legal system.  Victims have to rely upon a giant, slow-moving government organization to come in and hopefully side with them, and then completely crush the accused. . . and then cross your fingers and just hope that some kind of restitution is meted out to the victims.
The law is so convoluted and vague and courts and legal services so insanely expensive, that individuals and smaller entities can't do anything by themselves, or within reasonable time-frames, to rectify the situation.  BFL should have been dealing with a litany of lawsuits a long time ago, which would have either changed their behavior quickly, or destroyed them, allowing more scrupulous businesses to enter the market.
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:11:11
Rogue players don't worry me.  Mass acceptance of a bad idea does.
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:14:06


Sure.  I'm especially on board with civil disobedience. . . but these things are all done frequently already, and have little impact, if not counter-productive results.  And why?  Because too often, the people doing them don't have the correct intellectual framework backing up their very visible and public action; and they are usually barking up the wrong tree completely (see: occupy wallstreet).  Civil disobedience is primarily a PR campaign anyway. . .everything essentially comes down to making the wider public aware of and sympathetic to your cause.  Your cause against police brutality fails, if you protest and rage and get one police department to fire or indict one of their own, or even change their policies. . . because the wider institutional problem still exists (i.e. government monopolizing law enforcement).  When you protest racial inequality, and even if you get laws passed enforcing some kind of racial equality; it fails, unless the culture and mindset of the wider public at large has changed.  Child labor ended in the U.S., not primarily because of the protests or even the laws (which were passed long after most egregious child labor had ended); it ended because the people of the united states became economically productive enough to not need to send their kids to a factory, but instead sent them to school.  Pot prohibitions are finally beginning to be repealed. . . not because of the protests themselves, only a little due to the long-running and widespread use of pot despite prohibitions (i.e. civil disobedience). . . but primarily because people are now becoming educated and aware enough to see that they were lied to about the dangers of the substance, and that the consequences of prohibition are far worse than any of the consequences of use of the substance (both through understanding the medical literature, and by seeing the reasonable and responsible use of the substance by all the civilly disobedient people).
Everything fails against the might of overwhelming public perception and/or ignorance.  Democratic republics exist because that is what people overwhelmingly believe is the most beneficial (or only) form of workable governance over society.  Monarchies existed because people believed in the divine right of kings.  No amount of sabotage or protesting would have, or is going to change that.  Only workable alternatives, for people to be able to view empirically as a workable alternative, and education regarding the theoretical virtues of rule by the people over rule by a dictator. . . only by witnessing the prosperity of places like Hong Kong and Singapore, and seeing ZEDEs and seasteads and secession movements produce freedom and stability; and by people being educated in correct economics; will the wider culture and attitude change towards the necessity of monopoly states.
Similarly, prohibitions against bitcoin and onerous regulations and taxes will not cease, but will only grow worse; so long as public perception and culture are turned against cryptocurrencies.   And just to be clear, I'm not one of these people fretting over and clamoring for "mainstream" adoption of Bitcoin, nor am I too terribly concerned with its public image right now.  I understand that world events and undercurrents of decentralization are increasingly pushing people towards black markets, and default civil disobedience anyway.  Governments and TPTB are making their own bed, and creating their own downfall.  What will be built up in the wake of it all, depends entirely upon the mindset of people at large.  As governments drive people more and more to black markets, and the need for anonymity tools, and for monetary independence, they will necessarily see and be educated in how non-state solutions work (such as bitcoin for money, and blockchains as part of private law and arbitration). . . and as the world recovers from the inevitable destruction caused by statism; they may not be much wiser from a theoretical standpoint, but they will have learned to defer more to market-based solutions, rather than state monopolized services.
There is no quick or easy road to enlightenment.  But the world is getting better overall (even if it is sometimes two steps forward one step back), and the people building tools to help people help themselves are the one's doing the most to make it better.
Disobey immoral and counterproductive laws. . . by all means.  But do so with an understanding of what the better alternative is.. . . not just hoping for a tweak of the existing institutions.  
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:57:40
We're all schooled to believe that decisively applied threat of human force is the only way and incentive structure whereby to achieve what is perversely called "cooperation" in society.  To maintain that view requires the mind to contort until anything functioning successfully without these govt regulations (such as a whole new monetary system like Bitcoin) must surely be a fundamentally different thing than those system governed by state rules...the mind must produce distinctions that lack differences between these things, in order to imagine away the implications of our affairs being able to be regulated by voluntary and mathematically certain structures, and not by decree.
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:16:24
I'm probably out of the loop here, but humor me: What's a bitcoin puzzle?  Is there like a hidden QR code or something?  Very original and interesting video, by the way.
@_date: 2014-08-03 22:05:38
Do you take government for some kind of institution of equity and consistency?
Besides, they have precedent for allowing different departments to treat and regulate things by different definitions. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:35:43
Don't know how much more obtuse you could be. . . but since you're unable to comprehend the gravity of violence and coercion in the abstract:  come on over to the Fascist States of 'Murica, and I'd be happy to show you, in real life, just how much the threat of kidnapping and imprisonment by the agents of the state can and does manipulate markets, behavior, prices, and the distribution of such.
I envy you the status of living in some location where the tax man has more bark than bite. . . though I imagine that what you are saying is only partially true and that there are other aspects of state control where you live which produce dischord and discoordination in people's lives (a.k.a. the market);  though these effects and their causes would be far too nuanced a thing for you to grasp.
But yes, 'Murica is a shitty country; nor did I assume that you were 'Murican; but you said "I don't think **anyone** is going to avoid. . .".  That's a pretty ignorant statement, and patently false for most regions of the world where it will be treated as a capital asset, and taxes will be enforced with more than a slap on the wrist (which is most everywhere).
@_date: 2014-10-03 05:24:08
Sadly, the cardinal values and viewpoints of most bitcoiners that I talk with (not to mention the viewpoints being expressed in this very thread), are very closely in line with this man's muddled thinking.  It is no surprise that many here become easily discouraged and convinced by these disingenuous shills.
Sorry to be a jerk. .. .but I've got to be brutally honest here:  most of you seem to have a walmart playpool's worth of depth when it comes to understanding what bitcoin is and what it's primary value proposition is.
Bitcoin is not yet money.  For the love of disco, let me repeat:  It is not yet a currency.  It does not fulfill the three main requirements of a money to a high degree (medium of exchange; yes great.  store of value; not so great.  Unit of account; not at all . . . yet) And this unit of account aspect is key.  
How retarded or misleading can one be; to suggest that a commodity, or a would-be-money, is somehow fundamentally flawed, because it does not yet enjoy a great deal of liquidity and widespread adoption, or because it's exchange price with the current money is volatile!?  I mean: how else exactly do people imagine this phenomenon could possibly take place?  . .  .that one day, some magical company called Bitcoin Inc., should just pop on the scene and declare their unit in their digital blockchain ledger to be worth *X* amount, and it will just be so, because they declare it?  
Only governments can do this, because governments have guns, and a slightly insane population of state-worshipers who believe that their proof-of-violence kind of money is somehow a good thing for society.  Anyhow, regardless of how you feel about anarchy. . . it does not change the fact that valuation of a commodity is either forced and enforced. . . or it is emergent on a market.  It takes time, to say the least.  It cannot happen all at once, and it is going to be a messy, ugly, fits-and-starts, snafus, highly dis-equitable distributions initially, frauds, thefts, evolution of best practices and safeguards, etc.  A process of getting a large segment of the population to not only wrap their heads around a new technology to some extent. . . but to build out infrastructure to make it easier to use, and to have a large enough network of people and businesses demanding and accepting bitcoin.
Bitcoin cannot exist without the blockchain. . . but the blockchain **is** bitcoin.  There is no separating the two.  The level of ignorance and/or dishonesty to not contemplate and comprehend this fact, before so vociferously decrying the money aspect of it, is staggering.  One particularly ridiculous inconsistency of his argument, is that the exact type of "separation" of Bitcoin and bitcoin which he insisted upon (for uses such as remittances which he gave the example of), are already in existence, by way of companies such as Coinbase and Bitpay, which he lambasted.  There is no such thing as the coin people!  It's a fucking ledger.  No community utilizing blockchain technology as a decentralized network (i.e. not a single entity utilizing it internally and later transferring fiat balances between branches), can make any use of changing entries in a ledger unless the shares or units **have value**.  If they have no value, then no remittance network is possible, because there is no objective metric by which the sender and receiver could possibly determine how many units of the blockchain ledger should be assigned to the particular amount of fiat being sent, and how much fiat should be received at the other end in correspondence to those units of blockchain ledger.  The blockchain must have value, and indeed the units must have price.  This is inseparable from most any use of blockchain technology.  People need to get over their centralized, give-it-to-me now thinking; and understand the price discovery period which is going on with bitcoin.  
Bitcoin has the network effect, which is growing, and it is that network (of people) who give value to the bitcoin network, and subsequently the shares of that finite amount of units internal to the ledger.  That is what allows the network to be useful. . . for anything.
I'm sorry, but if you think that this man brings up any valid points whatsoever. . . .please, please; just stop right now.  Get off reddit.  Please don't buy any bitcoin.  Please go back and read the Satoshi whitepaper.  Please go study economics. . . especially monetary history and the history of development of commodities into market-based currency.  You owe it to yourself to more fully understand this amazing technology, and the economic and political implications of it's properties and usefulness.  Money is memory.  Money is societal memory.  Having control over the issuance of money is the ultimate power over society, and it is a power far too great to entrust to governments and central banks. 
Please understand where this man's rhetoric is coming from:  Bitcoin "the payment network" alone, is not threatening to anybody.  Bitcoin as money, is extremely threatening to a lot of groups.  There is a concerted effort to distract from this much more important aspect of bitcoin and to try to neuter it into being only a payments network, but also stifle it's development into end-to-end use as it's own unit of account; as money.
EDIT: thanks very much for the gold, whoever you are.
@_date: 2014-03-31 03:05:19
The really difficult part will be writing software which can differentiate between:  transferring bitcoin to yourself (another address of yours);  and transferring bitcoin as an exchange of value (a taxable event).
How will the software either "know" the status of the transaction; or make user-selection of the status easy and user-friendly enough to still make bitcoin usable as a money.  How, also, will the wallet software determine the basis?  Unless it is the wallet built in to the exchange or service from which you purchased the coins (i.e Coinbase), it will require manually entering the basis into the wallet at time of transfer. . . this gets even more difficult and confusing if you are transferring an amount from Coinbase or exchange to your wallet, which is comprised of multiple inputs from purchases at different dates.
This is something which I haven't seen anyone take into account when they talk about how "easy" it will be to simply write software.
Ingenuity and entrepreneurship are great, and I hope that these problems are address in some creative ways; in order to make bitcoin a feasible money; despite, or in spite of, the IRS's ruling. . . . however; on principle, I think that more people should think long and hard about the nature of the state itself and what "laws" actually constitute respectable law, in their book.  I hope that on principle, people will oppose the IRS and government meddling in every way they can. . . even if software and entrepreneurship are able to make their onerous requirements of us, more tolerable.
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:08:44
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:50:42
How about not worshipping the idea of a monopoly state, and instead demanding that other entities be allowed to freely compete for our patronage of their justice and LE services.
@_date: 2014-10-12 00:24:22
I also trust the internet as a medium over which to send faxes . . . . but that's just silly, backwards, and small thinking.
Why would anyone want to perpetuate the failed system of voting for the officers of a monopoly corporation to rule the whole of a massive territory full of people with completely different culture, values, and legal needs than them?
@_date: 2014-10-12 23:41:04
To be honest, this question sounds like bait.  But I'll bite anyway.


I think it can, because viable economy happening on a large scale, atop bitcoin will provide pretty damning evidence against the state's pseudo-scientific economic theories and reminder that money is primarily an emergent market phenomenon. 


By reminding the newcomers and old dogs alike, that Bitcoin's real value proposition is as a stateless money....not just a new way to shuffle fiat around.
By showing people that the primary interventions of the state, it's explicit interferences, it's failure to provide adequate law and legal protection to the bitcoin space (which we've had to rely upon because of their monopoly on law and enforcement and justice services) and even some explicit regulations...and above all the overarching regulatory and tax uncertainty which it produces and which has hung over the heads of investors and entrepreneurs and casual users alike; that all these things have created the environment which we know as the bitcoin space, and are largely responsible for the extent of the thefts and losses and bankruptcies that we have seen, and a drawing out of the price discovery phase.  By patiently and meticulously showing that no such wild west has existed, and helping the goverment schooled masses to take off their blinders to the effects of the state and it's actions.  To focus our goals and our efforts back towards the development of bitcoin into a unit of account money, and away from the shallow and mundane outlook that the mainstream has been trying to divert us to.
@_date: 2014-12-06 14:43:07
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:20:28


Ceteris paribus.  The most glossed over phrase in economics.  The laws of supply and demand hold true, no matter what. . .yet empirically examining supply and demand curves of a commodity can yield data that makes these laws look bunk (doesn't fit the expected curve).  All things being equal, a greater supply of something will decrease the price. . . there are many many factors at play, that can't be isolated or anticipated, which skew results. . . but the force of the law of supply remains, underneath it all.
The behavior of creditors will follow some underlying economic laws. . but be amplified, or attenuated, or skewed, or overwhelmed by the underlying manipulation of interest rates by the central bank.  Understanding business cycle theory, and how time and structure of production factor into the use of interest rate signals, is key (and unfortunately absent from any of the discussions here) to understanding the assumptions that the author is making, and the general dislike that some of us have for central banking.


No, I think you're confusing the general increase in housing prices as a zero sum game for the question of whether those who still buy those houses are in a zero sum game.  Free trade is never a zero-sum game. . .otherwise the actors would never initiate the trade.  Manipulation of interest rates and money supply, on the other hand, is a distortion of price signals, and essentially defrauds investors into thinking (or rather, needing to act) as if there were an increase in the pool of capital available for longer term projects (i.e. this is one reason why housing tends to be affected first by fed-generated bubbles).  It is essentially defrauding buyers and sellers, forcing them to act in unsustainable ways (even if not being consciously aware of what the problem is).  In an un-manipulated market, the rates of interest are price signals to the market actors that societies rate of savings (demand for future goods) is such and such, and that their current demand is such and such.  Time is everything, and a nearly completely neglected axis of mainstream models.


Why do you assume that there was a sudden, massive lack of housing supply?  Why were wages lagging and employment low?  It's pretty obvious once you start looking at the massive economic manipulations happening right in front of you. . .rather than simply accepting them as a necessary and good backdrop to the economy.


Of course the market did. . . .under the influence of fraudulent price signals and a rising tide of money supply, percolating into certain sectors of the economy before reaching others.
Economies are not these simple machines that central planners can simply pull levers here, and push buttons there, local governments for not putting such and such control in place.  There is a problem of economic calculation inherent to all central planning of an economy. . . it simply cannot be done sustainably.  This problem revolves around the much neglected concepts of price theory, and opportunity costs, as well as local knowledge and the subjective nature of value.  To understand this problem, I refer you to Mises' [work]( on economic calculation.
For a better understanding of the role of interest rates and the business cycle, I would suggest [Rothbard's "Man, Economy, and State"](
@_date: 2014-01-22 20:33:25
The ever more shrill protesting of reality by the high-priests of the king.
Of course, people like him would not be willing to allow the experiment to play out.  No. . . for the sake of the children, he would have government protect us hapless people from our own ignorance and from financial ruin, by . . . financially ruining us.
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:49:30
I Li Ka what you did there.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:53:27
While I feel for you, and hope that nothing is wrong and that you don't lose anything:  I'm not trying to be rude or callous. . . but new bitcoiners must understand something:
Bitcoin is regulated and operations governed by its own set of laws.  Bitlaw is different than traditional, meat-space law.  When you transfer your coins to someone else's address, or an address which you are not the sole possessor/controller of the private key:  YOU DO NOT OWN THOSE COINS.  Consider them gone.  
I can't understand why people trust any 3rd parties (especially these half-assed former-magic-card-trader-gone-exchange-developer) with their bitcoins.
I would not trust any exchange or other business who does not implement multi-sig and/or has their funds audited and underwritten by a deposit insurer and security firm.  Funds should be in escrow or otherwise subject to some user-enforceable contract.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:04:33
If only "law" enforcement, (who monopolize such services in their respective countries), would spend even a quarter of the resources and expertise which they dedicate to catching people like Charlie Shrem and Ross Ulbricht, to the pursuit of actual criminals who steal people's bitcoins.
What a magical world some people must live in, to believe that the incentives for fraud and theft, set up by a near complete lack of interest by state law enforcement, and the inability for other firms to compete with their incompetence, is somehow a reflection of the inherent security flaws of the bitcoin protocol and/or a product of a wild west free market.
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:37:39
No, thank you.
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:02:45
I can surely sympathize with this. . .seeing as how we were all forced to use bitcoin and accept it for all debts, and pay taxes in it.  I understand your first-world grievances considering that we were promised that this wasn't an experiment and that wise overlords would be keeping watch over every aspect of the market's development including the number and size of mining firms.  Nobody told us that the price would be volatile and that safeguards and regulations would have to emerge slowly, heuristically, and that we might lose money or even have some stolen.  We were misled, by the central and evil powers of Wall Street who secretly created this technology and foisted it upon us with their massive police and armed forces and widely legitimized law-making capabilities. 
Please, take me with you, back to the enfolding arms of the almighty state-regulated playpen, where I might be fed and clothed enough to subsist, but never truly have to live.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:14:49
As disappointed as I am that Ron Paul still can't seem to grasp the use-value of the bitcoin network and it's potential for moneyness. . . . It sure would be great if all the other rich old politicians in the world would at least admit that they don't understand it, and just keep the wrinkly fingers of their gerontocracy off of it.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:45:11
Bitcoin does not care about equality.  Neither does the universe.
Do yourself a favor: quit worrying about everyone being equal, and find what it is about life that you love. . . that you're talented at, and pursue that.  Pursue it at all costs, and you will find great success and happiness (beyond what you would experience if everyone were equal), and you will help others find that same success and happiness along the way, without even having to try.  And you will then be able to purposefully take care of those who truly need more help, and find even greater happiness, and there will be people who see this and want that same happiness for themselves and so emulate what you do.  There will also be more success all around, and so fewer people who need help, and more people who can give it.  Let people be as unequal as they prefer to be, and you'll find that everyone will be happier.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:38:42
No they don't.  They want people to believe that informed public opinion and real need shapes the crafting of their decrees.
@_date: 2014-04-04 21:41:36
Governments can help by simply allowing competition in the provision of law and regulatory services.
They are welcome to compete and participate in that process, on the same grounds as everyone else.  We welcome good, voluntary, regulation and oversight of the industry.
Only voluntary competing regulation and law will tend toward producing (multiple) options which evolve into the most effective and efficient ways of providing what consumers want (e.g. protection from fraud, theft, and hacking).  
What if the way forward is some specific technical innovation like multi-sig?  What if the best way is to have 3rd party deposit insurers audit their clients and provide warnings and set best practices?  What if it's something else that none of us are thinking of (markets put many different minds towards solving problems. . . governments, at best, put a few people or groups of people of similar background and outlook together as a technocracy)?  What if it is some combination of the various methods (again: choice.  different regulatory products at different price points.).
A government cannot know what the best allocation of people, time, and resources is, towards a particular end (including, but not limited to regulation, or rather protection from fraud/theft, etc).  A government operates as a coercive monopoly and as such is shielded from price signals;  price signals being essential for an effective societal communication of the most urgent ends, and desired means, as weighed against opportunity costs.
Just please stop.  Leave us alone.  If there are people who truly feel that regulation cannot work in a voluntary and competing manner; then let them contract with others who feel the same, and stipulate in their (explicit) social contracts that all participants must subject themselves to a monopoly provider of these services, and agree to face the threat of violence should they fail to comply.  But you may not, and you will not force the rest of us into your system.
@_date: 2014-03-31 03:18:35
I agree.  We should vote and pass a law to stop it.  By being here on people have accepted of your social contract, which includes abstaining from political commentary.  If people don't like this, they can leave, and go to We could put violators of this social contract in jail, which is necessary for civil reddit society to function.  Otherwise we have anarchy and chaos (but I repeat myself).
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:51:59
See under the rubric: "Findings, purposes and review"
If you don't like the laws, work within the democratic system to change them.  
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:01:01
Consult your org chart:
This forecast falls under the purview of Bitcoin's CFO.
@_date: 2014-08-06 18:19:40
Statist logic:   
Voluntary network which happens to be used predominantly by men; some of whom got rich by taking risks early and working to make the network valuable = bad
Forced payment and participation into a social network and "contract", where the mechanisms themselves necessarily generate a ruling/elite/rich class, who can then spread the wealth of everybody else around for the feelz = good
Unfortunately, society is not equally parts men and women, or black, brown, or white. . . so the mentally stunted author of this article should first, at least, advocate for forced reproductive activities in society, in order to normalize these differences.
@_date: 2014-12-23 20:04:27
Wow!  This is great.  Truly one of the better videos on Bitcoin I've seen.  The producers seem to understand it correctly from a number of angles, and in my opinion has better explanatory power to the non-technical investor.  Barry even seems to understand that it is not yet money, but the importance of it should it achieve money status.
@_date: 2014-06-15 05:19:43
I think it's a legitimate question, and one that could be cause for some concern in the future.  How long will the ideological fervor of the hardcore bitcoin crowd remain, and keep pushing the rest of society forward?
You do get the sense that too many people have an impatience for this to be something that they imagine in their minds to be the thing that it must become.
We are so used to most things which are centrally planned, just kind of popping into existence and gaining near total network effect and legitimacy by borrowing from the momentum of the centralized organization pushing it.  Our more recent historical experience with money is similar to this, in that governments simply decree something money, and since (at the very least) everyone has to pay their taxes in it; the adoption is nearly immediate, the effect of networks all but assured, and the price stability and use as unit of account very quickly developed.
The important thing for people to remember is that money which developed as a market phenomenon in times past (i.e. gold as opposed to fiat money), did so very gradually and almost imperceptibly. . . over hundreds, maybe even thousands of years.  For reasons that I won't get into for brevity sake, you wouldn't expect a new market-based money which is a cryptocurrency and in modern, information age times, to take that long. . . nevertheless; money is the ultimate dependent of network effects. . . more than any other thing or social network, or commodity.  Money basically is network effect and little else.  And so a money like bitcoin (especially since it does not enjoy as many of the obvious use-values that gold or other tangible market-moneys have), is very dependent upon exponential growth and adoption. . . at least up until a critical mass.  What that number is exactly is hard to say.  But the future of bitcoin and it's eventual price stability is a fairly fragile thing, until adoption reaches a saturation rate, such that it is less often a *question* as to whether or not a business accepts bitcoin or pays their employees in bitcoin as it is an *assumption*.
All that said: from my own personal feelings and motivations on the matter and those of many bitcoin diehards who I talk to. . . do not underestimate our patience and our commitment.      I also agree with you that bitcoin is more likely than not (within in the next 18 months) to overcome the massive resistance it is facing (51% FUD and legitimate problems, fbi selloffs, bans, regulations, regulatory uncertainty, tax compliance, hacks, bankruptcies, scams, thefts, government shilling and control of media, etc.) such that we see another major "bubble" and price increase to an all-time-high, which will be in close proportion to the prior ATH's above their consolidation lows.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:51:34


Causes of problem-1:  see problem-3
Or continue to coddle a giant blind spot for the state and the effects of its actions.  You can call it crazy or extreme all you want. . .but the real promise of bitcoin value, lies in the present and future ability to exclude the state from transactions of value.  That's not to say that the state cannot effectively regulate people's behavior surrounding bitcoin, and (as we already established) make it difficult to purchase and use.  They do this mostly by being able to control the points of exchange with fiat. . . but once a critical enough bitcoin economy is established (i.e. if you get enough closed loops of people earning bitcoin instead of buying it from a fiat exchange, spending it at places who play their employees and suppliers in BTC, who then spend BTC, etc. etc). . .it's lights-out for the state's ability to track and tax and regulate the financial and to some extent, legal interactions of these people.
@_date: 2014-10-04 03:17:39
@_date: 2014-01-16 04:33:54
If you're deferring to the wikipedia article, there's not much more I can surmise about your understanding of Ancap, than that you truly have only scratched the surface and have a straw man of it built up in your head.
Second; even if we go with what you quoted as an adequate descriptor of the philosophy; it still does not even say "corporations". . . it says "privately funded competitors".  Many of these would be, what we might call corporations; yet, what is in a name?  They would not and could not be anything remotely like the corporations which now exist; which are creations of the state, and shielded from competition and accountability in all sorts of ways.  If you can't understand that this giant centralized and forceful bureaucracy, which we call government has a massive impact on peoples' behavior. . .then I'm not sure what else there is to discuss.  Nothing that you see now, or call capitalism now, or call a corporation now, can reasonably be ascribed to a "free market" in anything, since such freedom doesn't exist.
If you actually have a conversation with an anarcho-capitalist some time;  you'll find that very few, if any, believe that society must be organized by "capitalistic ideals" (whatever that means).  Few ancaps that I have talked to are under the illusion that the typical wage earner/capitalist, or other hierarchical relationships will stick around as the norm.  Anarcho-capitalism isn't even primarily a prescription of what should be, in terms of the specifics of how societies organizes themselves. . . but more of a prediction of the general economic forces which will shape human institutions as state power dissipates.  Coops are great, and we'll probably see a lot of that.  Communes are great.  Syndicates are wonderful.  All manner of property (and non-propertarian) conventions will abound, and all manner of law will be available.
Ancaps simply feel or predict that private property conventions, based loosely on the non-aggression principle (not as a hard rule to be taken to extremes, but as a guiding principle) will tend to produce the most efficient and wealthy and desirable societies, and therefore, will be the most emulated, and thus the most likely to develop.  
The most important thing of all to know about Ancapism, is that fundamental to their understanding of economics, is the fact that no one can, predict what a market of billions of free individuals will do, or what solutions they will find to societal problems.  Any theorizing you see regarding Private defense agencies, arbitration, law, courts, etc. . . .is all speculation; more for the fun and challenge of thinking out problems, rather than claiming to have the solution.  A claim by an Ancap to have the solution invalidates the very economic principles on which they base their claims.
Ancaps simply try to show how voluntary means can produce better outcomes than political (i.e. forceful) means.  
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:20:39
They also protect drivers on the road every day by aggressively detaining, old ladies, tasing people, shooting them, seizing their property without warrant, sometimes raping. . . they also send para-military forces into our homes throwing flash grenades into the cribs of our babies. . . so that we are protected from the horrors of narcotics abuse.  At worst, these are just bugs in an otherwise great system of governance.  It's just Murica with problems, right?  Europe has it all figured out, I'm told.  Murica just needs a few tweaks here and there.  It's not like democratic republics have ever fallen into empire, tyranny, and ruin before. . . those were just outliers.
Yup, it's a great time to be alive and be a statist.  
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:01:07
You don't have to sell me on that idea.  I've never been one to go around touting bitcoin as better in all ways than current payment systems. . . nor do I think that bitcoin will (or should necessarily) do away with the card payment systems (in fact I think it will do a lot of bitcoin users a lot of good to be able to integrate bitcoin into these systems).
But if you don't lay awake at night, even once, contemplating the possibilities of the things that can or might be done with cryptography and cryptocurrencies. . . .well, my friend, I think you just don't have much of an imagination, or you just haven't really wrapped your head around bitcoin yet.
If the ability to split up keys, requiring m-of-n authorizations, and further encrypting, and being able to back up those keys, to store in multiple locations, transact your balance effectively anonymously and with no intermediary to stop you, doesn't get you hot-and-bothered. . . I think you're in the wrong place.
@_date: 2014-04-28 17:16:01
Yeah, clarification is needed.  And then protections against all the speculation and volatility.  Then bitcoin can start to be an effective payment system.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:18:45
You're right.  It would be terrible for people to self-govern to a greater extent.
What would the world come to if the "liberal as fuck" coastal cities had less opposition to what they want from the rural regions of CA?  Think of the children before you let rural folk in CA have a much greater say over how they want their communities governed!!!
Nevermind that the population distribution of red/blue voters hasn't changed!  It would obviously somehow mean more republicans!!!!!!!
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:59:49
2008 happened because of deregulation.  Your doomsday prophecies have no evidence to support them.  You austrians were wrong about your calls for hyperinflation.  We needed more stimulus if anything.
@_date: 2014-10-13 00:45:42
Dear governments of Ecuador and Philippines,
You had your chance to improve your country and economic and monetary stability for your people.  You failed.  Tweaking a centralized, coercive system, and putting a digital facade on it will cause you to fail worse.
Go away.
Bitcoin's got this.
Smart people of the world
@_date: 2014-11-27 00:33:53
Very well said comment.  I can't express enough how refreshing it is to occasionally get someone who doesn't agree with me to at least engage in a somewhat friendly, and what I consider to be a satisfying way (i.e. I don't have to "win" or convince anybody. . .I just like to see that at least my points are being countered, not talked past. . .i.e. a meeting of the minds).
+1 and 2 mBTC


The latter part (i.e. some things markets just can't provide), is how I interpreted it.  


You're right; the highway system (as it exists now) would probably not exist.  But then again, what would exist instead?  Or, what would society have done with that wealth that we spent on those highways (and in the one very particular way that government built and administered them)?  Or, what urban sprawl, congestion, and lack of more eco-friendly transportation networks would we have avoided had government not built out the highways?  Nothing in a careful study of the history of road building (long before it was a task considered solely the domain of governments) could lead one to believe that private roads and highways (built with various types of funding and for various incentives and purposes) are either an impossibility, or even unlikely.  They're not even a particularly (non-rivalrous, non-excludable) public good to provide, and history and theory also give us plenty of reason to trust in voluntary interactions (a.k.a. the market) to overcome these hurdles to production and to internalize negative externalities.  While the dreaded toll booth is very likely to be a part of some private highway infrastructure; the toll booth is by no means much more than a first world problem anyway (especially when considering the larger expense of government largess and overreach in lieu of being given roadbuilding power and coffers and eminent domain). . .and it is also a problem which technology has already provided ways of diffusing the inconveniences of anyway.  Again, not all roads and highways will need to be funded by toll booths.  [Here's]( good read in that vein.
GPS?  Again, maybe so. . . but I'm going to again, suggest that you look at the world not as some inevitable outcome of a manifest destiny, where any event which took place is necessarily the best way history could have gone. . .but understand the issue of subjective value and opportunity costs (i.e., the [essence]( of the problem of economic calculation).  I'll put it another way: how can we be certain that the funds and resources of society which went in to developing and deploying GPS satellites and creating the standards of the technology (especially when taken in consideration with the incalculable costs of the war machine which almost necessarily precluded it's development). . how can we know or be certain that this was the best use of society's scarce resources?  Without markets, we can't know.  And of course this goes for everything else the government does by way of taxation confiscation:  as useful and wonderful as a lot of this technology is, we can't know (though intuition and a simple look at the poverty of much more basic things around the globe should give us a clue) whether there was not a more productive use of those resources.  Only the price signals on a voluntary market can most accurately convey that information throughout the complexities of an economy, to end up with the least arbitrary arrangement of capital (physical, human, social, and all other forms of capital).  The U.S. or any other mixed economy doesn't have to be full-blown socialist, or nationalist or fascist or whatever, in order to suffer the inescapable consequences of the economic knowledge problem. . . the same forces which caused the soviet union to collapse and which make the black markets in North Korea the only reason why there are any living human souls left.  You might be very interested to look at some research from a [Terrence Kealy]( who shows pretty clear empirical evidence to suggest that, while there are certainly short-run science and R&amp;D capabilities which can be unleashed by a government (e.g. Russia beat the U.S. in manned space flight, and almost beat us to the moon, despite their relative poverty. . . because they poored all of their society's resources into it; the Egyptians built great pyramids, but doesn't say much about what that did to the living standard of the average person then), that in the long run; free markets tend to produce more basic and specific scientific research, and progress technology faster.  Don't ever forget that while DARPA "invented" the internet, and NASA advanced space flight:  both these agencies took almost everything they knew from previous private projects. . . (i.e. Goddard, parcnet and others) and also don't forget that we still can't know whether TCP/IP is the best use of the resources and R&amp;D that went in to connecting computers on an open network.  There were other competing network protocols being developed privately at the time.  Who is to say that one of these other one's wouldn't have succeeded over TCP/IP, had it had the same advantage of gov't funding.  I often wonder whether people would say the same things about air flight (i.e. we wouldn't have air travel without government), if the Smithsonian institute, who were hot on the heels of the Wright Brothers, had successfully accomplished manned flight first.
Let's not even forget to mention that we are right now on a forum dedicated to discussion of one of the most fantastic and useful technologies the world has seen for a long time; which is/was privately developed and funded, and which fills or is filling a complex societal service, which is something of a public good, and is succeeding. . . despite or in spite of governments persecuting it and incumbent industries trying to squash it.  Bitcoin is the embodiment of the type of solutions which markets produce, which render old problems obsolete, instead of worrying about finding archaic ways to regulate problems into submission.


As you are probably beginning to see, the theoretical construct which leads me to hate the state, has very little to do with the present corruption or condition of politics, in the U.S. or any other nation-state. . . or some bad experience I had with the IRS.  I'm not concerned with "good" cops/politicians/judges or "bad" ones.  They are all structurally and systematically perpetuating a bad system, regardless of how good their intentions may be.  It is not even about the technical merits or intelligence of those who oversee complex systems of centrally governed society.  The disagreement with all statist philosphies is primarily an economic one, and fundamental to the nature of value and role of prices and markets in society.  My beef is only secondarily a moral one and borne of any particular bad taste I have in my mouth for paying taxes.
Anyhow, happy to go on, but I think this comment will waste enough of your time as is, so I'll stop.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:59:42
Then how, exactly, is bitcoin working?
@_date: 2014-12-28 06:43:44
I had to go look up the definition of "cromulent", because I thought you might be being cromulent in your use of cromulent.  Upon learning of it's roots in The Simpsons, I accept of your meta-cromulation as legitimate.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:31:10


Well, there's your problem.  Stop trying to predictively model economies.  Doesn't work.  Game theory must assume that all participants act in the same manner (are able and motivated to act in the same manner), as the game theorist have determine is the most "rational".  There is no definition of "rational" which can adequately mimic what humans will ultimately and subjectively value.  Pareto optimal is not necessarily real world optimal.


This seems to assume that markets don't equilibrate, and/or that the difficulty does not change in response to hashrate, or that users will necessarily refuse to pay higher transaction fees in the future.  Would be interesting to actually get to read the methodology of their findings, to see what they did and didn't take into account.


Bitcoin is the "real world"; where the laws of the universe reign supreme.  Where any "laws" that can even be cheated, are not laws at all.  


No, not really.
@_date: 2014-04-30 19:36:36
I understood what he meant by that reference.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:44:16
There are plenty of ways for incentives and insurance and contracts to align, such that it becomes as unlikely that your neighbor does not have fire protection, as it is unlikely that they don't have homeowners insurance.
@_date: 2014-10-17 20:40:59
Bad cop, no donut.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:11:14
The first thing I would put forward, is that while *intentions* can be benign, outcomes of currency manipulation cannot be.
See also: problem of economic calculation by a central planner.
@_date: 2014-01-01 20:38:46
I agree (-:   
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:16:09
Government sucks.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:09:48
Just as I expected. . . lacks imagination.
@_date: 2014-11-26 23:15:21
Well, I don't know that we could say that contracts were "enforced", since that connotes the use of force.  The use of defensive and restitutionary force in a widely legitimized manner such as a court or arbitration, is generally not available to participants in a black market...one of the reasons why it is so dangerous and usually counter-productive for central governments to ban or highly regulate and tax goods and services in to black markets.
What silk road did was allow buyers and sellers in that black market to largely bypass the violence caused by lack of access to functional legal recourse, by creating a contractual situation whereby the buyer and seller agree to transact in a forum where they are effectively anonymous, submit their business and it's reputation to public review, and agree to use the escrow services provided by the site, which submits them to a particular arbitrator.
@_date: 2014-04-18 04:30:48
Well, the thing is that doing so requires an exchange process to the new asset, and in a situation which prompts or warrants a mass sell-off and trade to a new asset, you're going to have stampede, bag-holders, and some diaspora amongst several competing alt-chains.  One will emerge the leader (the biggest network effect); but only after a huge disruption to and diminishing of the overall value of the original network.  It would set prices and infrastructure development back a long way.
On the other hand; side chains might very well create the escape hatch you are describing:  because the units of the new alt-coin would be cryptographically pegged to a certain unit of bitcoin.  No exchange required. . .just direct conversion.
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:44:33
Negative.  Not just "cashing" out to fiat.  Any value realization event.  So, buying a cup of coffee with 1 mBTC that you bought for $.30 a year ago, that now has a "fair market value" of $5.  You now owe the IRS %15 or %35 of that $4.70 gain.  Even with advanced tax accounting built in to wallets. . . that is an untenable requirement for being able to use bitcoin as money.
It kills its legal use and the IRS knows it.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:29:07
Think bigger?  Ironically, this article's author is still thinking very small.
This is the shallow story of bitcoin as payment network first, and money second.  It is told in iterations over and over by the media and by the new bitcoiners who do not understand what bitcoin is, and do not understand what it's primary impact will necessarily be.  Sadly the author only sees two sides of a vapid  culture of newcomers to bitcoin, and comes up with an outlook which is not only just marginally more insightful than the current debates over apple as competitor; but pretends that this perspective hasn't been discussed and mulled over already for ages in the bitcoin community.
A lot of bitcoiners are going to keep being surprised by how poorly bitcoin performs, in competition with other up-and-coming payment rails, according to their limited understanding of what they think it's nature is.
Bitcoin is and always was a potentially new unit of money; which necessarily flowed through it's own payment network; and the marginal advances in utility that that network itself, and blockchain technology in general provided, created the initial valuation of the commodity unit, in order to bootstrap an exchange price.
A bitcoin unit either achieves full status as a money (i.e. including unit of account, rather than just a payment token and proxy for fiat prices), or this experiment will eventually fail.  Not only is the speculation and volatility expected by those of us who have understood from the beginning what bitcoin's real value proposition is, but it is absolutely necessary.  Free flowing and organic valuation of the unit must occur, and price discovery must happen; until a large enough and wide enough pool of demand exists.  Spending coins is fine and an inevitable part of the growing ecosystem, but is not what is necessary to develop monetary status.  It must become widely held, and valued in it's own right; it must be very liquid.  Merchants and vendors and individuals must eventually start to accept bitcoin. . . not because they want to get dollars over a slightly cheaper payment network; but because they value and demand the token itself; and that value becomes reflected in a stabilizing purchasing power for goods which purchasing power de-couples from the fiat exchange prices.
Bitcoin is necessarily about leaving governments, and their banking arms, out of the equation.  It is really not so much about sticking it to credit card companies, or to the legitimate functions of banking. . . It is emminently anti-state.  Control of money is the primary leg which the state stands on to exert control.  Undermining that is bitcoin's primary value proposition.  An alternative and escape hatch to the controlled, taxed, inflated, and Orwellian fiat money systems, which are holding the economy and human rights back, and which is destined to fail and create catastrophic societal upheaval.  It is a vote against centralized powers, and tyranny, and the ability to externalize the costs of war and other non-desirable services, in an obfuscated way onto a confused population.
It is quite literally, an alternative system of governance (a limited scope of governance, but an important one) a repository of societal will, which is currently collecting value and confidence transferred from the centralized and broken nation-state systems.  And it doesn't need all of society to invest in it, or believe in it, or to share this outlook, in order to reach a certain critical mass.  It doesn't necessarily need "mainstream" adoption; though I hope that all will be wise enough to join and reap the benefits.
Bitcoin is political in this way; and if you can't get over your blood-lust and control issues which perpetuate the irrational belief in the necessity of coercive monopoly government to dominate society. . . well, let me save you some time and trouble:  bitcoin is not going to take society places you want it to go.  If you disagree, feel free to use it though, and continue to value it for whatever somewhat-inane benefits you think it provides that are palatable to a mainstream audience.  You vote against your violent systems just by doing so.  
Very few will see it this way, and very few are ready to ideologically commit to a doctrine based on this reality. . . but it is foolish to believe that in practicality, people are not divesting themselves from centralized control; sometimes in ways they don't realize.  It is foolish to believe that people are afraid of black and grey markets, and so if bitcoin's moneyness is relegated to those spheres, that that would crush it.  People are increasingly becoming involved in black and grey markets; out of self-interest, out of necessity.  Even those who consider themselves law-abiding citizens are understanding that they have an obligation to go around tyrannical laws and controls; and in order to protect themselves and make a living.  People are understanding at least that nearly everything is illegal now, and that it is impossible to be "law abiding" and that their government's now have complete discretionary and defacto control over their lives because of this.  People are not as fat and happy and placated as many would like us to believe.  They are becoming enlightened enough to not want war and violence. . . .but agitated enough to see and take advantage of agoristic and peaceful ways to skirt the state and make them unnecessary and obsolete.  
This trend will only strengthen, I assure you.  Don't be caught on the wrong side of history, still clinging to the violent ways of the past, while most of the rest of the world has made a cultural shift to what you foolishly believe is impossible or necessitates a change of human nature.
Down with tyrants.  Long live markets.
@_date: 2014-01-12 20:54:57
I'll just post here what I PM'd to I have no coding ability or development experience.  I do not have any good ideas on how to specifically implement this.
But this idea has been kicked around by a few people, and for me was prompted by [this]( post on the forums, as well as the bitshares cryptocurrency. Multi-sig is one of the integral parts, because it allows the money in active trade to be not only decentralized, but as secure on both client side and server (exchange) side as the owner of the funds wants to make it (rather than always having to worry about a hack or theft on the server side, since you are not controlling the private keys).
The theory is this: since for many reasons it is difficult for the fiat holder to even get their money to exchange, so that they can trade for bitcoin or other crypto, this has limited demand and created barriers to entry. The exchange is also a central point of failure. So, just decentralize the exchanges, right? Well, where does the person put their money? I can't just run to Chase and deposit into the account of "decentralized exchange *x* which exists in the cloud as a distributed autonomous corporation".  Without a digital transfer and central (or at least coordinated) repository, you basically just have Localbitcoins.com. And that's not a very liquid market.
What if you could participate in a highly liquid market and high-speed exchange, without having to make in-person transactions (which is not much better than bartering), but also still have control over your tradeable funds, and not have them subject to any central control?  In what way would dollars or other fiat be held, if not by a centralized service?
The idea is that, with bitshares and OpenTransactions servers; you can generate (mine), say, a USD/Bitshare digital asset (which is a digital asset which sits on the OT low-trust server, with multi-sig auth), and you can create or mine that asset for someone, and give to anyone, who gives you dollars, in exchange for you creating this liquid asset for them, which is backed by that dollar, which can then be traded for bitcoins (or whatever other digital asset they want) on the decentralized exchange. Of course it works the other way around, as well. Federated OT servers would communicate and coordinate the funds via bitmessage. 
Thus you get the benefits of the privacy, and relative anonymity of getting your fiat into digital form by doing a Localbitcoins-like in person trade, without having to use or trust a bank/government (i.e. there's still a ubiquitous and not-that-hard-to-access gateway; individuals in your area who have mined or bought bitshares and would be as widespread as bitcoin holders) but you get to trade that asset with all the benefits and buyer-seller coordination of a centralized exchange.
That's the idea anyways. I am no expert on the details.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:51:29


Whatever the whims of the moment are of the dictators in your jurisdiction. . . sometimes coming from those outside of your jurisdiction.


Most countries either have no defined regulation on this type of activity (as long as you're just an individual, not a business selling to others), or they have a ban (or financial institution ban) on this activity (see: Russia, China).  You will always be subject to some jurisdiction's taxation and capital controls, technically. . . though it would be very hard for them to monitor and control you doing this, even if you were transferring more than the legal limit (i.e. $10,000+ for the U.S.).


It would, and it is presently doing that.  Governments will make sure to put a stop to this, as best they can. . . to protect the poor from themselves, and for the children.
Right now, anyone doing what you're talking about is mostly affected by whatever requirements are placed on the exchanges (or users of exchanges) at either end of the transfer (i.e. KYC, AML).  That's what localbitcoins is for, I suppose, but that's a less efficient way of going about it for most people, and some uniformed thugs are even starting to go after these types of exchanges of fiat&lt;-&gt;bitcoin now.
@_date: 2014-12-04 20:29:35
Way late to this party, but I agree with your assessment and think that Peter Todd is discounting the cost/disadvantage which pool operators would be putting on themselves by requiring i.d. or other forms of verification.  This cost (especially with mining being such a low margin business), not to mention the hassle for the individual miners and the value of earning more or less anonymous coins, would drive miners away from the pool who tries to implement this.  What people tend to forget is that, for all the value in applying game theory to complex systems. . . there is no guaranteeing that reality will match theory; market discipline which is more subtle, but more powerful than any of the relevant factors which our finite minds happen to come up with, is far more likely to find solutions towards the most economically valued ends, than to not.  Game theory assumes market actors will inevitably and immediately perceive the nature and existence of the game; and thus act like game theoreticians, which is rarely the case; and if study of complex systems teaches us anything, it is that they by nature find ways to change or get around the "rules" of whatever game is constraining the achievement of value. i.e. prisoner's dilemma's aren't witnessed often in real life, because the prisoners will almost always find some way to communicate or otherwise disrupt the constraints which leave them with such stark and risky choices.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:38:25


No need to concede that [Mt. Gox was some kind of exception]( to the effects of coercive monopolies on regulation.
@_date: 2014-01-16 01:57:32
But can I 3D print one?
@_date: 2014-11-27 05:06:20
Which is why I never do.  Bitcoin's value, for me has always been way beyond just some slightly cheaper payment network, or a way to stick it to the banks and PayPal and CCs and remittance companies.
I've written tomes trying to get people to see past this shallow view of the technology and stop trying to persecute WU and others.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:27:01
Sneakiness is really the essence of it . . . or rather sophistication.  So much of what fools people into believing in these lunatics and their institution boils down to their tactics and methods merely being more sophisticated (gradual, sneaky, propagandized by true believers) in relation to the crudeness of the banana republics.  Capitalize on each crisis or distraction and you have your tried and true method for eventually gaining far more control over a populace than any self-aggrandizing dictator could ever hope to achieve.
We're a democracy, so it must be for the children.
@_date: 2014-08-28 21:56:49
Having been exposed to bitcoin, I personally don't see how any NFC-based Apple payment system is going to wow consumers and capture their imaginations and wallets.  Seems very lackluster and archaic at this point; and it seems like Apple should be embracing crypto-currencies.  
But then again, that's always been the case with Apple: they've found a way to package and market already existing technology in such a way that droves of clueless consumers eat it up, and falsely attribute the innovations to apple.  Furthermore, I'm not going to put it past Apple's ability to really make a polished, secure, and efficient payments network out of NFC and/or bluetooth, and have it really catch on.  And this is just one of many reasons why I think that those who see bitcoin's primary value proposition as being centered on the payment network, and not on the potential of it as counter-economic and alternative-to-state-currency. . . they've got  another thing coming.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:59:22
I'm not sure that's what today's dip was.  Lotta pessimism about a lot of things.
The fools who think there's something that's changed about bitcoin fundamentally, due to all the overblown negative press, need to purge themselves first.
There's a whole crop of weak hands from the last run up, who will not be re-convinced of bitcoin's virtues, until it becomes dominant and more mainstream.
@_date: 2014-04-18 04:35:14
[Can't tell if . . .](
@_date: 2014-09-20 16:48:15
We are at war with Eurasia and we've aways been at war with Eurasia.
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:32:03
This.  Thank you.  I'm so tired of hearing the pathetic, small-minded perspectives of these modern day state-worshippers, who think their social democracies are so different from the corrupted regimes which turned tyrannical in times past.  They imagine that these democides won't happen again or to them. These people who's interest in bitcoin boils down to little more than a cheaper payment network, or an "appreciation" of the technology.
@_date: 2014-02-15 05:49:24
Al Gore, is that you?
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:51:15
I did.
@_date: 2014-11-27 03:22:47
The interesting thing is that if or when people start making these "great escapes" using bitcoin, we're not likely going to hear about them.  Not even anecdotal evidence, let alone hard data on how and how often people are getting away with it.  We will only hear about the ones who get caught.
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:38:52
It was too legit to quit.
@_date: 2014-04-18 04:22:55
I can only explain in layman's terms. . . especially since no technical details have been released that I'm aware of:
Side chains would be separate distributed/decentralized blockchains (separate from the bitcoin blockchain), which would have any number of different attributes and functions, but which would have a set number of units cryptographically tied to a set unit of bitcoins.  This would require a protocol change to bitcoin, which would actually tie up the units of bitcoin which are transferred to this side chain, indefinitely, until such time as they are transferred back to the bitcoin blockchain proper.
The uses and purpose of this are myriad; including the ability to test new blockchain technologies, without having to hard-fork the bitcoin blockchain in order to effectively merge that tech with bitcoin.
This has fantastic implications for being able to more quickly and easily skirt any government attempts at de-anonymizing bitcoin or otherwise changing the protocol to suit their whims.  Up until now, it has been generally accepted that the time is past to be able to implement zerocoin-based anonymity into the bitcoin protocol, mid-flight . . . . a side chain may effectively perform that function for bitcoin users, without having to deal with changing the bitcoin protocol mid-flight to the moon.
This also allows useful innovations, which might have otherwise been relegated to the arcane life and death of an obscure alt-coin, to enjoy the light of day. . . both adding to and benefiting from bitcoin's network effect.
@_date: 2014-12-20 06:45:16
Funny, and mostly true.  However, I think that what most of us who are not altogether concerned with the aesthetics of tiny tip amounts have failed to articulate, is that we see this and future tipbots as being as much micropayment channel, as they are tipping services. At least in the sense that we traditionally think of tips.
Hopefully more robust and specifically designed micropayment rails will come about; but until then, I have seen at least a few threads and posts where a whole bunch of very small bitcoin tips added up to something substantial for the posters of quality content.  I think that is the ideal we are going for here: to see it become ubiquitous enough that $.003 being given to that poor, or down-on-his-luck guy, or really good poster. . . .is adding up, coming from 500 people, and incentivizes better, more helpful (maybe more truthful, less trolly) content.  
tl;dr  sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:40:46
I don't think they'll reject free stuff either.  That wasn't my argument.  If you're just trying to help these people out with an extra bit of charity cash, great.  No doubt you'll accomplish that.  But I don't think that's your goal.
@_date: 2014-08-03 08:26:35
Yes, keep begging your state-god for blessings and permissions. . . but make sure that you do so through a priestly intercessor.  
I'm sure that Lawsky will change his mind, and the establishment will reverse their inevitable course in regards to crypto-currencies; if we all just vote harder, write some letters, sign some whitehouse petitions, and donate to the bitcoin foundation.
@_date: 2014-05-01 00:29:24
Yes!  Minorities were grossly under-represented in that film.
@_date: 2014-09-23 04:06:49
Price.  Not value.
@_date: 2014-09-29 23:34:17
Naomi, thanks for heading up this round of:  Help the n00bs get over their doom/gloom/price-obsession, and wrap their heads around the ever increasing utility of the bitcoin network, and it's most important ultimate role as that of stateless money.
What's much more repetitive and annoying than the price swings is dealing with the emotional newcomers, the temporarily emboldened skeptics and shills, and the shallow-understanding adopters. . . who play like a broken record every time we hit a period like this.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-13 04:02:58
Because people have been indoctrinated to worry more about others having relatively greater wealth than themselves, rather than producing technology and increasing the absolute wealth of the poorest.  
When the price is low, and risk is high, and prospects look bleak...they mock the invitation of people like me, to buy in while they can get a lot for a little...then when the price spikes and settles at each new, higher plateau, they go back to blaming the wealthy and successful for their problems and lack of foresight.
@_date: 2014-09-03 06:02:29
You seem to be confused:


And so long as that is the case, then that is still technically a benefit to securely storing bitcoins.  With gold or cash, there is effectively zero chance that the thieves don't know it's value. . . .and once again, even though the significance escapes you:  there is absolutely no possibility of backing up your gold or cash and keeping it in a separate location.  You cannot BIP38 encrypt your gold or cash.  You cannot split it into equal parts, which must come together in order to steal the funds.  You don't even have a potential window of time in which you can digitally whisk away the value of that gold or cash, into another address, before the thieves get a chance to break the safe, or scan the QR code on your paper wallet.


The other copy(s) of the private key could have been kept in any other separate location and would not have changed the outcome of this story.
I truly do not see what you and your little brigade are on about tonight.  But you're very edgy and making me feel so balanced and neutral about bitcoin right now; whereas I'm normally a raging fanatic who's rabidly anti-banker.  Thank you for setting us all straight.
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:18:18
Please don't ever go away.  Society will always need intellectual gnats biting at our complacency towards and forgetfulness of the darkened mindset which we emerged from.
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:53:58
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:11:27


How does the fact that child labor is more prevalent in agriculture (and not surprisingly corresponds with looser restrictions) contradict what I said?


I think it was obvious from the context that I was referring to the really nasty, brutish sort of factory work which we would recoil at now.  And that's the point, we recoil at the thought of sending our own children to do such hazardous work. . . .and we're wealthy enough not to.  Unless of course, you are asserting that 1. if child labor laws were repealed right now, that people would start sending their children to work in dangerous jobs en masse, and 2. that the parents of the children who sent them to work in factory jobs throughout the 19th century and before hand were simply ignorant monsters. . . . both of which assertions are ridiculous and you're living in a state-indoctrinated fantasy land if you believe this.  
In any case, when parents did or do send their kids to work, could it possibly be that the opportunity costs of not having the children go to work were worse?  Something tells me you've never been really, really hungry in your life.  I have.  I've also worked on farms as a young kid.  Now I don't know what labor laws there were or weren't that might have specifically "protected" me from doing such labor. . . but I can tell you right now, that as begrudgingly as I did that work, it was better for me than the alternative.  Obviously, certain types of jobs have different demands, like farm work, and certain people in certain industries are still not wealthy enough in general to afford to completely forego the use of their children (or other peoples' children) as hands on the farm.  There's also an ingrained culture there, and I'm sure that had a lot to do with the successful lobby for leniency on child labor in agriculture.  A lot of children still work in other fields too: acting in television and movies, newspaper routes, etc.  Are these exploitative?  Would these kids or society as a whole be better of if they were simply prohibited from working at all?  Why would we think that a central agency could make that choice better than the children and their parents?  


Well, I never said that general prosperity ended or could end child labor completely. . . more importantly, I'm not so sure that ending it completely is a good thing.  You seem to be, again, completely ignoring that less than 7% of children were in the workforce by 1930, 8 years before the fair labor standards act was passed.  Now how did that happen?  There were a few other state-level laws, but nothing comprehensive or thoroughly enforced and certainly not nationally.  But what there was in spades was a national revulsion towards the practice of putting kids in these unsafe jobs, and many movements to get laws passed.  You see, the laws didn't pass first, thereby forcing prudence upon a monstrous and greedy population of child abusers. . . .rather, people desired and demanded a change in conditions, thereby prompting the laws; which were largely only ceremonial by the time the laws passed.  Not surprisingly public will to pass and universally enforce such laws was lacking until such time as the economic necessities which prompted the conditions in the first place were largely alleviated.


Yes, this is the very simple-minded retort of the state-educated mind who can't see 2 steps past the unholy spectre of greed.  Please, tell me: how were these greedy people forcing children to work for them?  I'm not aware that that was a widespread issue, but please correct me if I'm wrong.  And if such was the case; it sounds to me like a terrible lapse in enforcement of already existing laws protecting person and property.  You see, there's a lot you're not considering; but in most general terms, what public ~~education~~ schooling has most thoroughly omitted from their curriculum is any understanding of the concept of opportunity cost.  Do you think that the children of Bangladesh, when the product of their textile labors was banned from import, and when restrictions were put on their labor, and when they were fired from their jobs at the garment factories. . . .do you think that they all just hopped and skipped along, back to school with a lolly-pop in their mouth?  Or are you aware of the alternatives which they were forced to return to?  Seeing as value is subjective and I'm not here to press any particular moral standard upon you, I'll let you be the judge as to whether starvation, prostitution, or hard work in a dangerous garment factory is worse.


That's an extremely bold and very misguided claim, and you'll need to somehow back that up with some kind of evidence beyond the fact that a lot of farm hands are the kids of farm owners.  Who would send their kids to work at "all other businesses" and what kind of jobs do you think other businesses would be having kids doing?  I mean really now, try to think a little outside the box that your mind was crammed into during your formative years in government indoctrination camps.
@_date: 2014-10-18 03:01:34
Wow, thank you.  Very generous tip.
@_date: 2014-08-09 18:41:11
They only have to look a little nicer than the other petty dictatorships.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:02:29
I'm not sure there can be a "greater good" or what that would be.
Those who hoard indefinitely screw themselves; those who time their hoarding&gt;investment conversion correctly are rewarded and the structure of production is lengthened commensurate with present and future consumption demands.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:11:35
I'm not suggesting that the IRS has an easy way to enforce your scenario; but yes, capital gains taxes apply to currency trading. . . although I think there are thresholds that need to be met (I'm just pulling this out of my arse, but I think it's something like purchases under $250).  Swiss francs are recognized as money by the IRS.  So again, having bitcoin classified as a currency would have at least given it the advantage of not needing to report gains on smaller transactions.
Point being:  the IRS can and will make examples of big time and small time BTC users, to drive the point home that you are required to track each and every value realization event against its basis.
Regardless of whether I'm right about their intentions; this makes the legal use of bitcoin as an everyday means of exchange within the united states nearly impossible.
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:54:11
Except that the foundation serves also as the hub of development for bitcoin (unfortunately).  
Other open-source projects are not as prone to malfeasance with a centralization of development; not like bitcoin is, due to its nature and the high stakes.  Linux is not "decentralized". . . at least not in the way that bitcoin is.  Nearly it's full functionality resides on each machine, regardless of what other machines are running (standardizations and interoperability aside); whereas bitcoin is a useless piece of software all by itself, and if there aren't a great number of nodes adhering to the same protocol as your local node.
People need to stop looking only to Gavin and Garzik and Hearn for updates (or at least not blindly update to their releases without a lengthy vetting process. . . and that should go for any development team), and for guidance on the general direction of the protocol changes.  It is more about diversifying the thought-leadership, than anything else.
The very name; "bitcoin foundation", builds on a misguided trust and need that so many people have to defer to an authority.  Call me a tin-foil hat wearer. . . but if I were the U.S. government financial and drug-enforcement arms right now; the very much centralized source of development is where I would infiltrate the technology and bitcoin network.  
Create a crisis and panic in the bitcoin market; one which makes a speedy update seem expedient, and have slipped code into the new client which validates coins or otherwise maligns the stability and security of the transactions.  Roll-back is much more difficult to orchestrate on a widespread basis than an update (just like last March).
Look, I'm not a coder or software developer. . . I realize that from a technical standpoint, the previous paragraph is probably lacking if not complete non-sense.   What I do understand very well are the economics of decentralization and the incentives and weaknesses currently present in the bitcoin network (both the human and software networks).
Mt. Gox is fully to blame for not using best practices with regard to the transaction malleability.  But governments (especially the U.S. government) and those that support such an institution, and who pander to it (like the bitcoin foundation), are responsible for creating an environment of fear, uncertainty, and overbearing and destructive regulation surrounding bitcoins.  They are responsible for the environment whereby the U.S. has few exchanges which can afford to operate and comply, thus the half-assed operation of former Magic The Gathering geeks is one of the largest (and only) exchanges between bitcoin and fiat; thus centralizing failure points and making them that much more disruptive when they occur (not to mention making it so extremly difficult to get fiat in and out of any exchange for the end-user in the first place), and forcing exchanges to have to divert resources to compliance and legal, instead of security and customer service.
@_date: 2014-08-09 04:24:50
Wait, wait: he says "let's build something that replaces the old broken system"....what system is he talking about?  I know he's not just talking about doing better than bank transfers, and PayPal, and credit cards.  I know he knows bitcoin is more than just a slightly cheaper payments network.  I know he knows that bitcoin directly competes (or will potentially) with things the government does.  Just watch his other stuff.  He is extremely intelligent.  He knows bitcoin is not just apolitical, but anti-political.
I'm all for the whole trojan horse thing....if that were possible.  But nobody is dumb enough to think that the state is going to mete their judgement onto the bitcoin network according to how many of us anarchists squeal.  What, are we supposed to not talk about fight club?  Who does he think we would fool by toning down the rhetoric?  What bitcoin business does he think is going to make it if there's not a demand for it?  How are libertarians or anarchists pushing people away from something who's very value proposition is highly disruptive to governments and captured industry.  You think anarchist entrepreneurs are going to make money making bitcoin services into exclusive clubs where customers must swear fealty to our ideals and listen to our rhetoric?
I'm truly curious what precipitates these blatant and illogical anti-libertarian tirades from these otherwise level-headed figures.
We are building something that replaces the "old system" Chamath.  You're smart enough to know that's not just banks.....how do you expect us to do it without talking about it?
@_date: 2014-08-28 19:27:36
Oh, very cool.  I'd never heard of this project.
Yes, this is exactly what I'm talking about that needs to happen, and glad to see it happening already.  Will look in to supporting.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 00:24:51
It is interesting that the regulators and "law" enforcement seem to have grasped that they may be able to make it difficult to *purchase* $10,000 worth of bitcoin without being identified, or even to some extent, difficult to send that value from one address to the other on the network without being tracked. . . .but they don't seem to have grasped that one does not need to transfer funds from one address to the next to have it effectively cross borders.
All they can do is continue to choke the entry points to the network; the world is borderless now, as far as we're all concerned, but they will take some time to throw all their little tantrums.  
Citizens of a borderless world, welcome to parenthood, over a bratty, spoiled child called the state.  Peaceful parenting is best.  
@_date: 2014-10-13 00:25:50
Sure, do that. . . but don't turn around and complain in a year or so that bitcoin is a ponzi/pyramid scheme by the rich and fosters inequality.  
In order for bitcoin to serve any decent sized market, its price will necessarily increase dramatically from where it is today.  Its fine if you don't believe that this is going to happen, but if you do, listen to those of us who are wise and have been hodling from the beginning:  bitcoin is cheap right now (and I don't mean two-week lows).  
We want everyone, rich and poor alike to join in and have a share of the monetary shift which is occurring.  Day-trade or ignore bitcoin altogether at your own risk.  We don't want to tell you "we told you so".  We would rather that there be a more equitable distribution of value and wealth in society, all things equal.  But we cannot stop, nor should anyone try to stop the wise from reaping the benefits of their measured risk taking, and the unwise from being withheld from shares of society's resources which they have shown they cannot manage effectively for the good of society.
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:02:26
Nice write up.  I would first state that you and I come to a very similar conclusion regarding decentralization. . . even if we arrive at it in a very different way.
You are also correct that Keynesianism hasn't really gotten a fair shake in its application in the real world post WWII.  In fact, what many people, such as myself, are attacking when we talk about keynesian policy is really a mish-mash of neo-keynesian and monetarist doctrine; which have both been combined and bastardized in various ways to make up the sum of the monetary and fiscal policy of the U.S. and other Western democracies.  
If you read General Theory, Keynes focused very little on monetary stimulus, but was more concerned with fiscal stimulus.  In the end, Keynes may be rolling over in his grave at what gets called "keynesianism" nowadays, but the bigger picture is that his theories, and the popularity of his doctrine (and the propaganda taught in schools regarding its success in ending the great depression); have very much paved the way for the fiscal and monetary policy which gets enacted today.
Keynes was still flat out wrong, and his theories (or the basic premise of the need for interventionism) were only ever taken seriously (and now simply accepted prima facie by much of the mainstream . . . with many technicalities and the sophisticated econometrics built upon it), because of a wave of popular sentiment towards progressive government interventionism, and fueled by the crisis of the great depression (which was actually a fairly well predicted outcome of implementing the 3rd central bank of the US, the Federal Reserve).  See [this]( for a thorough but readable outline of how very unfounded keynesianism and its premises and modern day applications really are.
Interventionism, in all its forms, fails.  It fails to allocate scarce resources in an economy as effectively and desirably (from the perspective of the individuals who make up the economy) as an unhampered market can.
Much of the popular support for the movement which implemented the federal reserve and the New Deal and ensuing era of interventionism in which we live, was sparked and fueled by primary interventions into the economy; which always necessitate further interference (secondary and tertiary) to stem the ills and unintended consequences of the primary.  Murray Rothbard, in ["A History of Money and Banking"]( painstakingly lays out the chain of events and the economic implications which lead to the panics and depressions of the 19th century; and prompted the "need" for the central management of monetary and fiscal controls.
The bigger picture is this;  Bitcoin does not just point to a future free of the current mess caused by interventionism and corporate/banking "greed".  Bitcoin helps us to envision and bring about a future economy, untethered to the coercion and force which allows and sustains the monopolization and centralization of economic controls; which lead to the very situation we are in today.  It is important to understand the cause of the mess we are in today, to understand the solutions.  Keynes did not understand that the cycles he was trying to alleviate, were in fact, products of centralized meddling akin to what he was proposing.  His was simply a more sophisticated ruse which capture the imagination of those in power at the time; one which appeared on its face to solve the issue, while serving as justification for more centralization of power and control.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:33:25
cool story bro.
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:41:35
I still value it at least as much as I did 9 months ago.  Oh, you meant price.
I'm sure that everybody was telling you that you were guaranteed to make a return in 9 months.  We feel awful.   Really.
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:44:19
Sorry, I realize my comment probably sounded like I was trying to tell *you* something you didn't already know.  I was using "you" in a general sense, for those who don't comprehend the importance of bitcoin in regards to the content of your post.
I know my writing style is ideologically charged and can come across as condescending to some....but I was knocked out of my state-worshipping stupor years ago by people just like you and me....who dared to be a little bit radical and a little bit annoying on the web and challenged me intellectually.   I can only hope that, one intelligent, open-minded person at a time; we can influence the spread and critical mass of a little more enlightened worldview....which in concert with agorism tech like bitcoin, can accelerate the evolution of society towards something a bit better.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:55:44
"shitlord" doesn't seem to describe, in any way, the belief system of a misogynist.
"statist" seems to technically and accurately describe a belief in and deference to the institution known as the "state", for an illogical proportion of societal problems.
Or does calling a person who regularly attends mass, and who prays to a christian god, a "catholic" now constitute a "hissyfit" against that person because I don't agree with their religion?
@_date: 2014-07-03 01:51:17
This view of Japan (and unfortunately is all too widespread even amongst academic economists), all but completely ignores causation.
Take a look at what happened [before]( the tightening of monetary policy.
See also: [Capital based macro]( and Austrian business cycle theory generally.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:03:17
Not all regulation and not all governments are created equal.  Of that, I would guess any anarchist would agree.
But that merely distracts from the reality that non-coercive forms of market regulation will (all other things being equal) produce better results from the perspective of the intent of the regulations, than a coercive monopoly will.  
Put Canada in a petridish next to Canada in a petridish, and perform a grand cosmic social experiment, wherein all variables are controlled for, and then tell me how much better the outcomes of legitimized initiation of force are.  This is social science...we can't do that.  That's why the proper method in economics is to primarily rely on deduced, a priori true laws, to understand what the *primary* (not only) forces acting on the market are.
You cannot bluntly compare a questionable reading of the level of regulations in the U.S. and its outcome, to a questionable reading of the level of regulation in Canada and its outcome.
Case in point: Canada operated on a gold standard alongside the u.s. for many decades, and did not experience the monetary instability and bank runs to the extent the u.s. did....yet any brainwashed public school educated fool can tell you with smug certainty that the gold standard was the cause for the pre-fed era panics which led to the establishment of this, the U.S.'s third central bank.
@_date: 2014-04-28 06:43:09


Good thing the government set up that burden for itself (I mean "we the people").  It must have been so difficult for the government to create and use it's labyrinth of penal code and draconian punishments with which it threatened maximum application, in exchange for a plea bargain.  I'm certain beyond a reasonable doubt that it is not worth it for just about anyone to actually fight criminal accusations, in the face of even the slightest possibility that they would be found guilty of even one of the legion of arbitrary "laws" on the books and be given maximum sentence afforded by each infraction.
Good thing there's an institution looking out for us which monopolizes legislative, judicial, policing, and penal services for us!
Oh look, bitcoin price dropped SQUIRREL!
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:44:30
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:36:14
Great!  I just need them to also enable payroll by bitcoin in quickbooks.  That way I can convince some of my employers to pay in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-16 03:07:37
Good to see more advocacy for non-u.s. bitcoin firms, and some competition for the bitcoin foundation.  It would be nice to see these other associations and foundations also become competing hubs for core development.
@_date: 2014-10-12 22:54:07
Yes.  Exactly.  The money aspect is what cannot be fathomably recreated or competed against by them.
Are you people even reading before replying to my comment? 


Also I did not ever imply that Bitcoin has no long term payment rail advantages over fiat payment systems, and in fact mentioned elsewhere in this thread that the ability to overcome payment censorship is one of its advantages.
I provided ample context such that nobody should be thinking that I am disparaging bitcoin and it's properties in any way... I am showing what it's relative strengths are and where it's primary value ultimately lies.
@_date: 2014-08-28 05:13:36
Yeah, this has little to do with bitcoin. . . but still, I'll bite.  I think if you don't hear the proxy-war drums beating already, you certainly will now. 
And you all thought that "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" was just another B-rate hollywood failure. 
Most people will still fail to see the connection between the petro-dollar and U.S. war making.
BRICs aren't likely to be using bitcoin to settle for oil anytime soon, but make no mistake that dollar movements against oil will show up quite loudly in bitcoin price.
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:32:39
indeed.  
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:42:40
You've got a keeper there!
I'm sure your gf is great too.
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:11:46
Okay fine, I'll bite.
Yes, the comment you just quoted is in response to the first question.
To the second question, yes.
To the third, that was what my comment about voting answered.
@_date: 2014-05-10 07:54:41
Impossible to know.  The fundamental function; the categorical end; of every process of our synapses is to alleviate discomfort (physical, psychic).  It seems unlikely that non-biological intelligence experiences any discomfort to be dealt with in the first place.
It either stands to reason that without a sense of pain/pleasure, true AI cannot come into existence, or else the artificial intelligence that does emerge from a fundamental state of sensory homeostasis would posses an altogether different driver/catalyst, and therefore operate completely differently from a human or even animal mind (more differently from us than our own brain from most the animal world).  It is likely we would not even recognize this intelligence at all. . . at least not for a while.  Hostility might be irrelevant, but so might it's conception of purpose in regards to our well being.
It is unlikely that an unfeeling intelligence would end up acting in ways which we perceive as empathetic, sympathetic, or otherwise beneficial.
@_date: 2014-11-03 12:34:49
Define rational, or why you believe you are being less emotional than others who have not sold a significant portion of their holdings.
Seems to me that those who have not sold off initially saw value or potential value in bitcoin, made up their mind and investment strategy, and stuck with it.  
What I see is a bunch of blubbering, scared people lately, who obviously never correctly conceived of bitcoin's properties and real value.  I don't know what to do for such incontinent people, other than let them learn life's lessons.
This is why us crazy anarchist libertarians keep preaching about bitcoin's anti-state nature and the importance of it developing into money, and not just a slightly cheaper alternative to banks and paypal.  You people can refuse to see this or to understand it's value from this perspective...because you want to distance yourselves from the crazies, or maybe just to avoid the cognitive dissonance....I don't know.  But don't say that we didn't tell you from early on that people with these shallow conceptions of bitcoin (who were more concerned about a particular form of mainstream adoption and government compliance) were going to be disappointed. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:49:14
There is no separating bitcoin (lowercase 'b', the ledger unit which has been given value) from Bitcoin (the particular blockchain which you download and commit transactions to when you use bitcoin protocol software, such as the Satoshi client).
Yes, you can use blockchain in general for non-financial purposes. ...but you can't stop people from valuing the bitcoin network, and speculating on its future utility and value. ..therefore the scarce units or shares of the bitcoin ledger have a price...and yes, this price is volatile right now.
Wanting to somehow separate Bitcoin from all this speculation and price volatility and development into a money, is indicative of a very shallow understanding of the role of money and commodity prices on a market, and the nature of human valuations.
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:23:51
There's an element of truth to what Gallippi is saying; and bitcoin does, no doubt present somewhat of a dilemma for regulators.
However, what he is missing is an understanding of the incentive structure under which state regulators operate, and the historical precedent which shows them acting upon the incentives:
State regulators operate as a monopoly.  Nobody can compete with them.  Nobody can choose to ignore them or not use their services (well, nobody who's activities fall under their purview).  Force, fines, and imprisonment would be the fate of any who don't abide by their rules, or who try to offer directly competing regulatory services.  Nobody watches these watchmen.  
Putting on a badge of "public office" or "public service", or serving the public in a not-for-profit-manner does not change reality. . . human nature. . . greed. . .the desire to maintain and grow one's position, status, size of bureaucracy, scope of operations, etc.
People fear the consequences of corporations getting too big (as they should) and being able to operate with impunity. . . but do a complete 180 when it comes to government agencies; just because the STATED INTENTION is that of public service.
These regulators (no matter how well-intentioned); have to, at the very least, preserve their image and status.  They must maintain funding (and the appearance of legitimacy and necessity) for their departments and their operations.  Any and all human beings, in their position, will do essentially the same thing; or fall out of favor and out of a job.
The regulatory agencies FEED off of crises.  It is the impetus and opportunity they need to get political and public will behind them to legitimize their current operations, and expand into new areas of perceived or real "need".
Most importantly is this:  failure to protect consumers. . . failure of their regulations to achieve the desired outcomes. . . failure to avoid regulatory capture and revolving doors with the industries they regulate, seems to only serve to further legitimize their presence.  On a competing market for regulatory services, this could not, nor would not happen to public opinion:  consumers demand results. . .not feels.  The companies being regulated would refuse to do business with the regulators any longer if their provisions did not achieve the desired results.  Lawsuits would probably be in order.   This is what Nassim Nicholas Taleb refers to as "skin in the game".  State regulators have none.
When, within the most highly regulated financial sector on earth, you have a Bernie Madoff perpetrate and get away with the scheme that he did; and not a single regulator is held financial liable for what happened, to any degree. . . and yet all the public can do is scream for "MOAR REGULATIONS!!". . . you know that insanity and emotion dictate public discourse and understanding of coercively monopolized institutions (i.e. government). . . and you know that the wrong incentive structure has been set up and institutionalized for overseeing nearly everything which get regulated by government. . . instead of regulated by competition, technological innovation, and voluntary private providers.
Make no mistake.  Regulators will ultimately have far more incentive to regulate bitcoin, than to not.
@_date: 2014-08-29 03:44:35
I stand corrected  :-P
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:58:08
If the advice of a random redditor means anything to you:
Make it so.  Don't wait, or be afraid to do what makes you happy...even if you're poor and happy.  Success will eventually come when you do what you're passionate about.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:05:16
Fungible though...one Subaru is as bad as the next.
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:05:04
Dear reporters, news anchors, regulators, skeptics, know-it-all's, journalists, and commentators at large:
Just stop now, before you hurt yourselves.  Don't be [this](  The ignorant, un-researched concerns. . . the incredulous noises. . . 
We're giving you a chance here, to not repeat prior embarrassments.  Stop before it's too late.  Learn from the past.
Get on, or get off, but get out of the way.
@_date: 2014-08-20 06:31:44
Seems legit.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:56:37
Hate to tell them but:  in soviet Russia, Bitcoin regulates you.
@_date: 2014-10-26 20:27:00
Thank you.  I'm so tired of the stupidity of people not seeing the hand of the state and it's effects. ...because of names.  These people must believe that the Patriot Act defends their freedoms, or that the "private"  prison industry has anything to do with the behavior that you'd observe in firms on an open market, absent gov't interference.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-29 03:21:15
To me, getting bitcoin to unit of account status, is going to be the most difficult (more so than with other commodities which have a higher relative non-network-effect use value, such as gold), but once achieved, bitcoin will enjoy a much higher relative network effect feedback, because of it's superior but largely latent monetary capabilities.
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:43:37
They could implement an i.d. system so that you can't generate tx without a 2nd (2 of 3) signature held by the financial regulator.  You get licensed with them and that activates the key, except they monitor for suspicious purchases and transactions, just like the banks do.
This would have prevented the Mt.Gox theft or at least enabled law enforcement to get the money back for people.  But you anarchists don't seem to care about people who lost their life savings and pretend like this stuff is never going to happen to you.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:36:40
Plot twist:  this car is self-driving, and furthermore owns itself, and is in the process of saving its BTC to purchase two more self-driving vehicles and start a fleet of its own.
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:56:48
. . . but without the government; who would create massive economic dis-coordination, arbitrarily allocate resources, create a violent fascist police state, indoctrinate our children, and propagandize the population to foam at the mouth against the enemy du jour, following their slave masters as cannon-fodder into their wars?
Here's to peace and prosperity, and the replacement of the state with more voluntary alternatives within our lifetimes.
Vires in numeris
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:32:49
If you want to know what (further) government regulation will do to bitcoin; simply stop assuming that bitcoin has been unregulated thus far, and understand what indirect effects other (non-bitcoin specific) regulation and law has been having on "bitcoin".  Simply take a look at what difficulties the marketplace has had thus far, and you get an idea for the types of effects that further government regulation will have on the market.
Most obvious example so far:  lack of competition and innovation in the exchange industry (i.e. we are stuck with Gox and few other options).  There is a reason for this, and it is not just that all bitcoin entrepreneurs are somehow magically inferior to fiat-space businessmen.  
The protocol has not been, nor can it be affected, nor transformed in the way you alluded to, by any force or threat of government regulation.  Only the actions of the people who participate in the bitcoin economy are being affected.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:49:12
To complement what OP is saying, I highly suggest a quick read by [Kevin Carson]( in which he describes many of the originating factors of the centralization of power, industry, infrastructure, and governance, which dominates the western world today.
Why things are the way they are, and why they would be less centralized without the force of government intervention, and how decentralization can benefit a complex economy.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:47:08
The debt is a problem, but not as [big]( of one as some people like to think.  I don't acknowledge that correlation = causation.  But sure, a lot of government debt is purchased by the Fed, so it makes sense.
This is why more people need to get out and vote.  Change the narrative in washington.  Put experts in charge, who understand economics and aren't so paralyzed by fear of the debt and inflation to use fiscal and monetary policy now, in order to stimulate the growth necessary to increase tax revenues.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:32:37


I would agree with that to some extent, but I don't see there needing to be "enough" bad people (after all, the powerful elite are few, and always have been).  And I don't see that government exists (or rather that powerful people's badness is legitimized) because people are bad.
I would say that the road to hell is paved with good intentions.  Objectively, there is not right or wrong, good or bad (though I don't reject the appeal to a very common, normative, view of what is good and bad and appealing to that).  And so, really, we're just talking about subjective values; which means that, in the end, and no matter whether our societies are stateless or formed around governments; ultimately, the most urgent needs. . . the most valued ends of society will triumph over the lesser valued ends (does not matter whether you or I consider those ends good or bad). . . only with a government, only one set of ends are allowed to be fulfilled (i.e. the will of the majority), whereas with decentralized and voluntary systems. . . many ends are often able to be achieved and exist in a non-rivalrous way.
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:26:11
The bitcoin foundation does not preside over the bitcoin economy.  The most dangerous and centralized aspect of bitcoin right now is not the mining; it is the culture of deference to the bitcoin foundation and Gavin et al as "lead" or "core" developers.
Decentralize your thinking before you have a sudden freak out about the centralization of mining which has been long coming.
I'm all for forking...especially if this opportunity could be used to introduce anonymity tools into the protocol.  But don't beg for some non-accountable agency to save you from a largely overblown crisis.  This introduces a much bigger threat of hastily forcing through bad or malicious code.  Whatever the changes may be...they should be vetted by other developers and the community at large over a long period of time before implementing on the live network.
@_date: 2014-10-12 16:44:48
The problem is, it's not really Bitcoin vs. Banks, and never has been.
The banks are only a problem and a threat insofar as they wield the power of the state; and it is the state-money we are forced to use which is dangerous and damaging to the economy (far more so than the inconveniences and fees and even the laundering of massive amounts of drug money and the other antics of the banks).
Bitcoin as payment network is mundane.  Bitcoin as non-state money is exciting and for the first time in human history, offers us a unique chance to actually have a societal trust and memory mechanism, which is not usurpable or entirely controllable by either governments or banks. . . which has the potential of bypassing their ability to fully stop it's development; until such time as it is a money unit in full competition with the dollar and other fiat monies.  Gold and silver could not do this; it was too easy for them to be seized, manipulated, and the sources of issuance to be squeezed.
The market will have it's own money again.
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:06:03
Hey everyone!  Statist Bingo!  He said Somalia!
But seriously though.  You need to read what I wrote above again, and consider what actually took place in Somalia.
The state that somalia found itself in (or some regions of it. . . believe it or not, it is and never was culturally or administratively homogeneous), after the collapse of the Barre regime (1991 to today) was a direct result of the policies of that regime, and also of the power vacuums which presented themselves upon the collapse of the central government.  No anarchist philosophy that I know of advocates for, or believes that immediate collapse of existing institutions will be pleasant for anybody.  As I said in the above comment, and can't repeat enough:  statelessness is a necessary but not sufficient condition for anarchy.  
The expression of an anarcho-capitalist society is one in which the people have no dependence upon state institutions.  It's not utopia.  It's not a changing of "human nature" (whatever that is), but it requires some ideological and cultural change, and a slow, and gradual replacement of state institutions with voluntary ones.
The situation of Somalia exhibits none of these, and in fact was never even in a condition of statelessness (still plenty of warlords and attempts at government); and definitely is not and was not in a state of anarchy.
That said; if you actually want to do empirical comparisons (and I'm sure you want to do so honestly, so you wouldn't ever compare somalia to a wealthy western nation), you can compare statistics of Somalia with some of it's closest (geographic and cultural) neighbors and see remarkable improvements in many metrics. . . even exceeding in more cases than not, the progress made by its more statist neighbors such as Kenya and ethiopia.  It's amazing sometimes what a little freedom can allow.
@_date: 2014-08-05 15:18:25
It's far easier for them to steal the coins from their citizens, as they have been doing, rather than buy them.
In the U.S., its not innocent until proven guilty, its guilty until your seized assets are sold off...and then still probably guilty.
@_date: 2014-04-19 22:41:24




I hear that phrase thrown around a lot: "loudest voices".  What does this even mean?  That they are more logical and consistent, though perhaps counter-intuitive and not in line with mainstream thinking?  That you can't out-debate them?  Or is it just a matter of having to overcome the 1st world problem of reading a bit further down in the comments for views that you agree with? 


Do you have data from a scientific poll showing that this is the case, and indeed the reason for dismissal?  Also, what defines poor quality?  Isn't what gets upvoted, by definition, good quality?  Who decides what is well-informed and what is not?  I've seen some good debates about the technology, and from my own research and use of the technology, I have my own opinion formed on what the facts and objective truths are surrounding the bitcoin technology.  Sway me and others with reason and evidence to your viewpoint, and you might find that the "community" starts to place greater emphasis on what you believe is good quality.


Do you always start "real" conversations with inflammatory and condescending language such as:


The very idea of bitcoin is eccentric, fanatical, and wingnutted to many who dismiss it. . . you might actually try to genuinely understand what it is you are calling eccentric, and use logic and science to sway others to your position.  There is no "we". 
I understand that if you are coming from a background of a public education, a political leaning towards one of the mainstream parties (of nearly any western democracy), and have never really found yourself involved in anything counter-culture:  then it can be a little distressing to feel the ostracism of so many who blindly hate and mock and shun something that you value a lot (such as bitcoin), when you know that it can help people and provide a lot of benefits for society.   WELCOME TO THE CLUB!  You'll get over it.  The frantic need to feel accepted, legitimized, popular, etc. . . .will pass.  You'll replace those emotional needs with greater logic and understanding of the bitcoin protocol, and it's necessary political, technological, and economic implications.


I, personally, whole-heartedly agree with your proposal and sentiment to keep any bitcoin-related posts on strictly in the realm of technology, and to stay away from political or any other slants.  But even within the realm of what most people are going to accept as "technology", there's going to be division and disagreement as to what is acceptable, and legitimate, and encouraged. . . or whether legitimacy of that kind even matters.  Everyone already has some incentive to behave roughly in the way that you are proposing anyways. . . we all are capable of being aware of rules and what's in the sidebar; And what is likely to happen if those rules are broken consistently.
The possible benefits of raising awareness of what might promote what you view as good for bitcoin on are not lost on me.  But might I suggest that you approach it with a little more humility, and reasoned understanding of the various viewpoints and approaches to the promotion of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:31:59
Don't worry, the U.S. will effectively enact as draconian a response to bitcoin as India or China or anyone else.  Because of the culture of "free market" and freedom rhetoric here in the U.S. (very few have a clue what either of those means, but at least think they do), the various branches of government tend to take the slow, gradual approach to these things, rather than outright bans and decrees.  Has worked for at least a century (if not since the beginning) on the American people, who truly believe that their society is still capitalistic and "free"; all because the rhetoric is still there.
Don't underestimate what the existing tax law, FinCen "guidelines", and fear of future interventions have already done to make bitcoin far less valuable, stable, and usable than it otherwise would have been, and also higher barriers to entry for startup exchanges and other bitcoin services.  
The U.S. federal government has been smart enough, for a long time, to make relatively minor regulations, little by little. . . and then when industries become cartelized and markets stagnate and regulatory mechanisms fail, they get to blame "the free market"; justify their need for more power, and produce yet another generation of educated fools who think they are wise to call for regulation of the "greed" that they see all around them.
@_date: 2014-05-22 04:01:08
What an awful group of human beings.  
@_date: 2014-10-18 19:06:19
Actually I'd argue that Musk understands it very well based on his comments about the legal-illegal bridge.  I know it scares people and they don't want to draw the ire of the law....but when your law is more often than not, counter-productive and anti-social...tools which aid people in freely trading are to be celebrated,  as are the black and grey markets they facilitate.
Musk seems to at least hint at understanding that, and more bitcoin owners would do well to embrace what bitcoin truly is: anti-state.
@_date: 2014-07-02 17:10:28
In the long run, yes.  Right now, Russia and other sanctioned oil-trading countries, are likely to view it as at least a hopeful possibility of getting out from under the U.S.'s petrodollar thumb.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:18:13
@_date: 2014-07-18 03:52:59
The nam shub of Enki
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:30:19
I see a lot of greedy people on this sub, donating to charity. Achieving feelings of joy and satisfaction in helping others is selfish and greedy.  People need to like totally act irrationally, cause that would make me happy.  Also, this place is such a circle-jerk whaarblegaarble!
Happy New year. Live and let live.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:01:43
Sure (in fact such software already exists), but this at the very least limits one to a single wallet or provider (making it much more time consuming to generate priv keys on other services, at will, and moving ones own funds around fluidly and for anonymity and security reasons).
This is no surprise, of course....but any thinking person has long been able to see that bitcoin and government ultimately can't be friends....one has to go.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:33:05
What does that mean: "government regulation works"?  
There's a seen effect, yes.  But what are the costs?  The opportunity costs?  And the unintended consequences?  How can a cost/benefit analysis even be done when the service is coercively monopolized; insulating it from market prices (a.k.a. the signal for society's most pressing or valued uses of resources).
Lack of time to mature as well as crowding out by government have left the bitcoin economy with inferior regulation and poor enforcement of contracts.  Thus theft and fraud are overproduced.
None of this is a reflection of weaknesses in the protocol, or of market failures; but instead of the unfortunate controls and state intervention which permeate nearly every aspect of peoples' lives.....and especially financial dealings on the fiat side.
The Target thing doesn't happen with the bitcoin protocol.....thus society will never need to pay the costs associated with victims....sounds like a better system to me.
@_date: 2014-12-20 05:26:17
Alright.  You've at least been pretty civil.  So here's my attempt at the impossible (and note that all of this is of course, predicated upon the assumption that bitcoin does indeed continue to increase in user-base. . .whether for predominantly mainstream, or black market transactions matters little):
1.  bitcoin increases in liquidity and ubiquity as both a digital commodity/currency unit and as a payment rail; until such point that it develops more completely into a money (most importantly, is used and valuated as the unit of account for some sphere of economic activity).  See: Menger on that process.  Gresham's law (bad money drives out good) actually only applies when price-setting between two monies occurs.  
2.  Bitcoin (as a supply limited, and in all other ways, better money) tends to drive out fiat currencies.  People become immune to, or have an escape hatch from the debasement of government monies.  With the advancement of anonymising technology and ease of use in transacting anonymously, tax evasion slowly but surely becomes more universal.  Governments are forced to tax in more direct ways, and the natives become more restless at funding things (especially war, but lots of other things too) which people now, at least a little more cleary, see the opportunity costs of (sorry for dangled preposition)   
3. Governments, now less able to fund services and afford laws for which people are not absolutely willing to bear the full (and less-hidden) costs of, necessarily diminish in power and scope (possibly empowering larger, but more local governments in the interim).  Secession movements all over the world are strengthened because of this, and localism becomes more of a real trend.  Most importantly, the nation-state model essentially kills itself off (hopefully with as little of the typical violent death throes which we see of crumbling empires of the past) more so because people no longer need it, than that they are ideologically opposed to it.  Agoristic tools like Bitcoin, and other decentralizing technologies, act more as refuges from this decay, rather than drivers of it.  Most importantly among those decentralizing tools, is the widespread realization that (even though markets have long provided solutions to the bigger must-have-government problems like negative externalities, and public goods), public services don't necessarily have to mean "government" services, and that blockchain technology can not only provide stateless money, but many forms of stateless law and contract, and social safety nets, and swarmed and crowd-funded nearly everything.  This could take decades, it could take centuries. . . it all depends upon how quickly agoristic technology is developed, and how quickly the masses lower their time preference for decentralized solutions to difficult societal problems (like polycentric law, regional defense, externalities such as some environmental damage which is not easily addressed by current, archaic, property conventions).  But now, people at least have a much higher time-preference solution to the problems traditionally solved by coercive monopoly governance.
4.  Governments that do exist, as always, will be a function of the beliefs and will of the society being governed. . . having a culture and a precedent of not deferring to centralized and coercive solution providers such as legacy nation-states; wealth creation can really take off, and make prosperity far more widespread and institutional violence much more costly to perpetrate and difficult to organize.  Just as a modern society is unlikely to revert back to monarchy, should their democratic state fail (because they do not believe in the divine right of kings for one thing), so too will modern "democracy" seem like an archaic and barbaric relic, very unlikely to ever resurge for the same aforementioned reasons.  The world becomes a much better laboratory of political science, in which different models can better be tried and compared to one another in a heuristic market process.
@_date: 2014-08-01 00:41:15
The female anchor still seemed to think that 1 bitcoin was the atomic unit and needed to be purchased whole.
Not trying to sound condescending. . . but this is so common, even with otherwise very smart people, and I really don't understand it.  When I was first discovering bitcoin, I never imagined or assumed that you couldn't buy and transact in fractions of a bitcoin (and that even when a bitcoin was trading for around $5).  I mean, I don't know of any other currency unit which does not get broken into change, at least.
Anyone have insight or care to weigh in on the thought-process of people who assume this?  Any newcomers who can think of specific language that's being used by people in the bitcoin space that makes newcomers think about it in this way?
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:30:58
I agree with that statement.  And Bitcoin has a way to go before its currency unit is fully developed into a money.  I read the post with the assumption that  understands that, and the comment makes a lot of sense.  
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:58:18
Well he understands bitcoin better than anyone else I've met yet who doesn't own any....and better than a lot of people who do.
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:35:36
You mistake the form that their malfeasance takes and the source of the problem that I take issue with:  it is not in the corruption of the individuals involved (though that is rampant and certainly does not help).
It is a question of economics.  It is a recognition of the method used to create, enforce, and adjudicate laws, which is common to all governmental agencies and actors.  Lawsky may have nothing to do with the NSA or the Iraq war; but he is nevertheless a complicit and active (even zealous) part of a system which uses violence and threats of violence to monopolize on the provision of laws, regulations, and arbitration.
No one can peacefully opt out of Lawsky's decrees.  They will threaten you with force if you do not comply, and they will use force.
This is at the root of the disintegration of "western civilization" that you alluded to:  well-meaning (usually) governments destroying markets and free exchange and forcefully meddling in peoples' lives and with other cultures and people.  Creating war, strife, poverty, misery, and stagnation.
You could have gleaned almost as much just by actually reading my previous post, instead of attacking the corruption straw-man that you assumed was relevant.  
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:35:12
Well, I've never made somebody take bitcoin for a reimbursement if they didn't already use bitcoin....but I have used difficult "settling up" situations with group bills at restaurants to illustrate (both to my friends and the waitress) how much easier bitcoin makes that whole thing if the all had wallets.   Most don't take the bait, but occasionally a friend or co-worker will get curious enough to open a Coinbase wallet or whatnot. 
I also do trivia with my co-workers on the job (I know it sounds weird.... trust me that in my workplace and nature of the job it just makes sense), and I set up rewards in bitcoin.  Since I can just email them a coinbase link to set up a wallet and claim the btc.
@_date: 2014-10-11 04:11:16
When the price rises and we have profited from our foresight, they call us greedy and pyramid schemers.  When the price is low and we try to reach out to everyone we can to give them the chance to be part of a money evolution, they call us cultish and evangelical and ponzi schemers.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:06:01
Good points, however just to touch on some distinctions:


While there may not be a technical difference between an altcoin and a fork of the bitcoin code; there is merit, and I believe value to the ecosystem as a whole in the debate over which fork of the blockchain formerly called "bitcoin" gets to be called "bitcoin".  i.e. which blockchain the majority of users consider the valid ledger.  It is entirely possible that two, fairly evenly supported forks, diverge, and both maintain some market share for a while (ultimately, if a cryptocurrency is to actually become money, unit of account included, it will tend to push out competing liquid commodities).  Anywho, point being that if you don't see vastly ideologically differing teams of "core devs" competing for the bitcoin miners and node operators to adopt their changes (and yes, asking a worldwide currency ecosystem to make any changes mid-flight will and should be a monumental thing, attempted conservatively and only at the utmost exigency), then I think you have an unhealthy situation; prone to external manipulation of the development (external meaning a party which is likely to have more incentive to defect than to cooperate. . . usually this is going to mean governments).


In my highly subjective and humble opinion; differing opinion among a fairly close-nit group of a few programmers is not check enough.  There is far too much consensus and affiliation between all the "core" devs; such that it leaves wide open, the possibility in my mind, for an external entity to gain access to and provide manipulation or incentive enough to guide all these "trusted" developers into a generally homogeneous and possibly dangerous thought process.
I have no suspicions that that is going on right now.  My tin-foil hat is off here.  It's just that I know that incentives always matter.  And if people are worried about mining centralization. . . they should be doubly worried about development centralization.  
I know I'm rambling here. . . but let me make one last attempt to show my perspective and cover my position:
Despite what we'd like it to be; bitcoin is not yet money.  In fact it is very far from money.  Money, when adopted freely and as an emergent process by a market, is a very specific and gradual process.  Without a centralized entity (such as government) declaring and enforcing/incenting that a commodity be used as money; we can try to socially bootstrap its widespread use as money; but it will still be some time (if it happens at all) before the holding of bitcoin is so ubiquitous and widespread, that it begins to become the unit of account, instead of a proxy means of exchange for goods and services prices in a fiat unit.
It is because of this that I take such a seemingly cavalier approach to the forking of the code and the disruptions in confidence and value that that would precipitate.  
I've got stake in this too mind you. . .I'd hate to lose value on my investments.  But once the moneyness-of-bitcoin ship has sailed; I highly doubt that the market will tolerate ANY changes to the protocol (see the difficulty in IPv6 adoption for example of how established networks shun change almost as a mechanism to protect the network effect).  
Bitcoin is young enough that if we are going to change anything, we'd all better figure out how to do so in a decentralized and thus trustworthy manner, and do so fairly quickly.  The blockchain you choose doesn't need to be perfect, just good enough.  But it is time that people choose where their values lie:  let those concerned about legitimacy via government have their govcoin/legitcoin, and let those who's values fall more in line with the original intentions of the creator(s) of bitcoin and the early adopting cypherpunk crowd have their freedomcoin, which is more resistant to state control and has better built-in anonymity than what bitcoin has now.  May the most valued network become the money ledger.
If some developers just create a Legitcoin right now (that comes on the scene like any other altcoin) that they believe most easily complies with governmental demands, and thus reflects what they believe to be the core value of users. . . .it's never going to take off.  Ever.  On the other hand, if you take the network of people already using and invested in bitcoin and say to them: "Here's an update to the "bitcoin" protocol, this will make compliance with tax law and regulations automatic and so the mainstream public is going to trust and love this"  .  . . . .well, then you're going to give that idea a fair shake at grabbing a critical mass of bitcoin market-share (and ultimately taking off as the largest and most valuable network and eventually maybe even money).
The starting point here needs to be the already established, most-money-like asset ledger which already enjoys a large network effect:  bitcoin.  If nothing major ever changes with the protocol. . . bitcoin might just be good enough (I can imagine various auxiliary technologies such as OpenTransactions allowing bitcoin in its current state to effectively scale and accommodate its use as a money.. . .though I'd much rather see the blockchain itself modified to be able to handle more of the load and requirements for use as a worldwide currency and even micropayments).  
But if there is going to be further development at all: let's make certain that we can have reasonable trust where the ideas are coming from, even if we don't agree with those ideas.
tl;dr  sorry, I just love to hear the sound of my own typing.
@_date: 2014-12-06 03:35:18
While I understand that you are simply making the case that these things are causes of a bad public image; I do think that you need to look at the bigger picture, and understand that Bitcoin does not need to go away from these things (in reality or in perception) in order to go mainstream. . . rather, what is going to happen is that the mainstream is going to go to black markets and money laundering and services which "authorities" will accuse of being Ponzi schemes.  The trajectory of the nation-state model is such that; simply out of economic convenience and even necessity; your average person is going to have to become far more comfortable and reliant upon the increasing "black markets" which the state is creating, and indeed, come to view legitimacy and morality separately from legality.
Bitcoin is not about making legitimate transactions easier. . . it is about making all transactions (including "illegitimate" ones) possible.  That is it's killer app.  Until bitcoiners realize that, they are going to be increasingly disappointed in bitcoin's progress as merely a payment network or a new toy with which to stick it to the bank fees.
@_date: 2014-08-05 04:20:53


Don't want none of that kind of "[freedom](
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:51:03
Free Luna!
@_date: 2014-06-26 20:11:41
Shhh!  Bitcoin is politically agnostic and just a better payment system.  
Nevermind that it will inevitably fail if the liquidity and thus price don't rise to a point of stability that it is used as a true money, including unit of account.  Nevermind that typically (due to network effects) only one currency tends to operate within a given sphere and others are driven out (Gresham's law would see Bitcoin as the undervalued money and the fiat as the overvalued and bitcoin would tend to leave the shores of those nations who affect price controls of their money or bitcoin or both; but the question to ask is, where does it go; the answer is, in to smart people's hands, who save it until the fiat systems inevitably collapse, and then bitcoin begins to circulate).  Nevermind that as a competing money that the state cannot control the issuance of, people will migrate away from fiat currencies as states lose a huge part of their funding (or rather their ability to fund themselves through inflation and as much debt).  Nevermind that it is a basic tenet of most statist politico-economic schools of thought that the monetary system must be controlled by a central entity, in order to exert the tweaks purportedly required for macro stability.
Bitcoin works just fine right along our lovely and established political and monetary systems.  We can all hold hands now and sing Kumbaya.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:17:06
Am I the only one who keeps wiping my screen?
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:42:00
That's a somewhat condescending admonition.  The context is clear, that I'm referring to u.s. bitcoiners here.
For fucks sake look at my other comments in this thread where I'm being attacked precisely for saying what you are saying.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:19:32
Yes, we need technically competent regulation put in place on bitcoin use.  No more of this free market Mt. Gox stuff.  
The risk pool of a private insurance company is not large enough to provide the protections that a government with an FDIC can provide.  The wild west days need to be over, so that we can get bitcoin recognized by governments and so that it can become legitimate and useful.
@_date: 2014-09-23 01:51:29
Reason hurts.  I'm not concerned with converting the widest audience possible to my viewpoint.  All are welcome to come.  A critical concentration of value is all that's needed to form an effective economy.
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:57:03
And who decides for the jury what is "actually unjust" ?
@_date: 2014-05-25 01:16:30
Central planning never worked and does not work. . . doesn't matter if it's a libertarian, republican, democrat, or marxist in power.
Welcome to the unsystem which helped create bitcoin and which bitcoin is helping to grow and facilitate.  It's called the market; which is just an abstraction for all the voluntary interactions of human beings.  Humans tend to be relatively short-sighted, and opt for easy-to-comprehend answers to societal problems; usually involving centralized command and control; this is why we have governments.  As decentralizing technology enables people to solve societal issues without central command and coercion; only cultural inertia and (for a select few) fear of loss of their position as one of the elite, stand in the way of replacing the centralized systems with decentralized and voluntary ones.
There are scant few products and services which modern society needs, which are traditionally provided for by government, which we do not now possess technology for and processes for doing so in a decentralized manner.
Don't allow libertarianism to be simply another vehicle for perpetuating the cultural inertia of using coercive, centralized means to achieve ends which are readily solved by technology, and emergent properties within the market.
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:11:27
Some history.  Was not my area of study in school, if that's what you mean.
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:12:59
Don't you know?  Big corporations like Google have tanks and jets and police and courts and SWAT teams, and enjoy the moral license from the masses to prohibit competitors from trying to do what they do.
Governments infiltrate big corporations as best they can to try to affect the corporation-monopoly's power in their favor as best they can.  Governments only give Google's secretive intelligence department the information that they want because the corporation will use it's economic might, military threats, and legal and moral latitude to ostracize, punish, and even shut down government if they do not comply.
It is plainly obvious that it is big corporations who ruin an otherwise perfect democratic model of government, and couldn't possibly be that governments create an existing centralized source of power which big corporations can latch on to in order to promote their interests above competitors and consumers.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:05:51
For a more in depth understanding of the Mengerian/Austrian theory of the origins of money and monetary value, I would refer you to [this](
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:35:03
The Blocky's!  
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:20:06


I would agree with that, if you added the word "immediately".  It is happening right now; but you're right, the world is not going to change overnight. . . no one expects that.  That's why we're here in (at least that's why I'm here).  Crypto is doing that for money, and blockchains are on the cusp of doing that for a lot of other things.  
You would also be depriving yourself of some interesting knowledge if you did not seek out the many other examples of market-based, non-hierarchical solutions and social institutions which have come before bitcoin, and were stifled due to the state indirectly, or even directly banned.
The most basic reason for the emergence of the state and its perpetuation, is relative high time-preference in human beings.  Coerced, centralized plans can and do provide easier-to-grasp, and more immediate realization of (some of) the intended goals.  Voluntary and market-based solutions tend to take more time; tend to face much more competitive scrutiny and refinement, and are ultimately more sustainable (plus there's rarely ever just one choice, as with monopoly governments, but instead many!)
It does not necessarily require a massive sea-change of relative time preference in humanity, to throw off the religion of statism. . . .but it will require building competing solutions (like bitcoin) which provide enough incentive for the statist to opt in to it, and out of the legacy system.  We are building systems that not only survive the crushing burden of the state, but on top of that, provide a more attractive option.
We don't want violent revolution; we want people to turn away from violent institutions, because it will be in their own self-interest.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:08:42
If possession is 9/10ths of the law,
but BTC law is different than state law. . .
then possession is basically the entirety of the law.
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:06:16
Then the FBI needs to stop taxing me for their services and let me hire someone who will attempt to track and recover stolen coins.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:47:07
See: BIP38, m-of-n, SSS
Like I said: more ways to lose them; more ways to protect them.  It's a world of options my friend.  Nobody is trying to sell you on bitcoin being the perfect, end-all-be-all of money and payments.
You keep being edgy though, my friend.  You keep us insufferable bitcoin fan-boys on our toes. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:32:29
Sure.  Could be thought of as a public good, and so a crowdfunded assurance contract (i.e. funds are in escrow and not released unless capital requirements are met, otherwise funds return to the donors) might work well to accomplish this.
An initial round of funding might be used to allow several bidders to produce their tv spots (or at least a proof of concept), and then the production company awarded the contract presents their bid for the scope and length of the ad campaign and the funding requirement.  A trusted name in the community audits the bid to ensure that the promised ad time can be secured with the funds, and scripts the transaction, reviewable by the community.
Probably some holes here or unnecessary steps, but i'm just pulling this out of my arse as I type.
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:15:21
No, let them compete for our business.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:48:17
Stop calling them "crimes".  Nobody was hurt....in fact, people were helped, and buyers were protected from dangerous buying situations.
@_date: 2014-04-20 22:36:25
I don't disagree with that.  I think that it's highly likely that you could have many different classes of banks or financial institutions; some which offer higher risk, higher reward products (utilizing a lower reserve ratio), and other banks in between that through the full gamut to some that would simply be a safe deposit for customers' money, held in full reserves (of course, fees or some mechanism would have to be used to finance this; which will drive wallet technology to further enable people to easily and safely store their own bitcoins).
Keep in mind that modern consumer expectation of getting a return on your savings deposits (or the interest rate that you get) is very much a product of the fact that no one can sufficiently save for their future simply by holding the currency (due to inflation).  With a slowly appreciating currency (steady deflation), your return for simply holding might be comparable to the interest rates which we are (or were recently) used to seeing on savings deposits in a bank.  Everyone seems to have forgotten how much people these days are pressed to put their money in high-risk investments, just to be able to make a decent enough return to save for retirement.  With an appreciating currency, people can afford to seek much more modest returns on their investments. . . that simply complement the appreciation of the underlying currency.
The same is true for lending, in general, in a deflationary environment.  Yes, deflation can discourage lending. . .but only to the extent that the necessity to borrow is correspondingly cancelled out by the appreciation of the purchasing power of each unit of currency.
I think that a lot of people are employing a sort of nirvana fallacy: when they imagine the apparent difficulties of conducting a modern economy in a deflationary currency, they imagine a volatile and rapid deflation (which I don't think anyone would argue is conducive to a functioning economy), but when they imagine the appreciation of value to the currency holder. . . they suddenly revert to a very minimal/gradual rate of deflation.
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:44:30
This tax law works against bitcoin being widely used as a currency...so your seeming dismissal of the implications is disingenuous.
Plus, you give the IRS and government too much credit if you think that they will act fairly, or in a timely manner, to accommodate bitcoiners, should bitcoin begin to be widely used as currency, despite the government's meddling.
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:08:00
Yeah, but my arms are up in the air . . .
enjoy the ride.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:38:47
QT?  Try executing with -reindex
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:28:09
Once bitcoin is properly regulated, so that it is legitimized, then the killer app will be social justice oriented.  Like knowing who earns what and being able to have multi-sig income arrangements, arbitrated by competent professionals ensuring that there is a maximum and minimum income.  When people make too much money, it could be used to stimulate the economy.
@_date: 2014-06-13 06:56:51
What are you talking about?  Did you even read my comment?  It obviously went completely over your head.  I mentioned nothing along the lines of the number of nodes in the bitcoin network.  
Nobody is terribly concerned about the SWIFT or ACH network going down.  In fact, I'm not even one of these people who is all anti-bank.  I think banks and their payment networks provide a pretty decent service overall.  That was my point.  Without understanding the anti-state, anti-political-power value of bitcoin; it is not much better than the current systems (in some cases worse, especially if Ghash maintains &gt;50%)
So seriously, what in the actual fuck are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-04-10 05:16:21
Ah yes. . . this concept called: "opportunity cost", conspicuously absent from most all economic analysis of governmental action.
Even if you're not all convinced of the merits of anarchy yet . . . in an age of science and reason, nearly every aspect of government as we know it should be an offence to the mind of rational beings.
@_date: 2014-05-14 01:50:35
You would...if it weren't for the steep barriers to entry via banks and govt regs.  In fact you would see more services like coinbase and bitpay already, if it weren't for these artificial hurdles.
This is the same reason why the failure of mt. Gox was such a big deal.  If govts and banks had not gotten in the way (and in fact they actively persecuted gox), then people would have had many and better exchanges to use instead of gox.  Gox would have gone out of business or changed their procedures drastically to keep up with their competition.
@_date: 2014-07-04 05:20:47
Wouldn't a true "pioneer" be explaining exactly what regulations are needed, how they should be implemented, and most importantly, exemplifying the kind of behavior that the desired regulations would promote?
But that's not what is wanted here, is it.  There's simply a blind scramble for a sort of legitimacy; an ultimately hollow and dangerous sort of legitimacy.
Pioneers don't beg to self-imposed masters for scraps of guidance, so as to not have to fear their wrath so much.  Pioneers blaze trails of innovation, and create win-win scenarios which render the need for government babysitters unnecessary.  They endure the hardship of the first mover, and fight the powers that stand in their way...and then unabashedly enjoy and share the success born of their sacrifice.
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:45:10
Just need a decentralized network of delivery drones, and we could kiss the better part of nation-state legislation goodbye.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:52:23
Yes.  This.  Thank you.  I really don't understand why there's even a slight hullabaloo anymore about governments (or really anyone) attempting a non-rational 51% attack. . . .when nearly the whole community (most importantly the miners who seem to blindly update to whatever update Gavin et. al. publish) puts their faith in a few developers, who, while they have their minor disagreements, are a fairly close-nit group of people, with known identities, locations and communication channels.  
Everybody in the bitcoin space would be wise to invest in alternate (open source) development projects for the bitcoin core, who at the very least should be called upon to scrutinize the other developers' code for months before anyone updates to it.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-30 19:22:42
I wanted to give the mundane people a chance to feel like they had an argument for fitting the round peg of bitcoin into the square hole of their system.
@_date: 2014-04-29 03:11:03
Nice work!  I'm not sure I agree that numbers 5 &amp; 6 are separate and distinct from the others, but your formalizing of the market/network-effect dimensionality is a great thought experiment for those who fear a "Myspace to Facebook" scenario for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:20:18


Not exactly.  First of all; who's intentions?  Second of all: intentions don't really matter here, outcomes do.  Third: Use of bitcoin has already been highly affected and the innovation of industry surrounding bitcoin (especially exchanges) have been thwarted/shielded from competition.  Palpable stagnation has occurred.  At the very least, this is an interesting, if not poignant case-study of how coercive regulation affects markets directly and produces unintended consequences.
I'll also echo the others ITT who alluded to the fact that the core protocol of bitcoin is nothing, if not a decentralized asset ledger. . . . a stateless property management system.  Just because the focus is on the "money" app which is currently running on top of the network, does not really mean that it, and the interest in bitcoin is limited to the moneyness.
@_date: 2014-05-01 22:27:39
Does anyone sell popcorn for bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:35:23
Most people don't realize that the FDIC never insured banks against theft (banks already use private underwriting in the form of a banker's blanket bond.
The FDIC insures (and creates moral hazard) surrounding bad banking practices associated with their investments and fractional reserves.
@_date: 2014-09-12 22:50:21
I have reserved booth   I'll print a sign on cardboard. . . .no, screw it. I'm swinging for the vinyl.  Can you bring the swag?
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:46:57


Except that they control the issuance and flow of cash.  That is huge.  Inflation is the primary tax on society.  And they would be unable to stop transactions that they don't agree with, since they don't have control over the network, which is also huge.


It's not so much about the ability to hide wealth and money from the government (though bitcoin does offer some advantages there as well), as it is in forcing the government (as you mentioned) to have to make the taxation more obvious, more up-front, and more focused.  Governments have been able to fool the natives into complacency for a long time.  They can't have their citizenry out with pitch-forks.  They are only ultimately as powerful as the people believe they should be.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:38:58
Are you suggesting that he is going to only impose his regulations voluntarily, and allow tax rebates for those who do not wish to abide by and patronize his regulatory services?
Or are you saying that, because he's a nice and smart guy (which I agree that he is), that he will not use violence against people as much as he could?
I guess you're right:  We should wait to see how cruelly or kindly our masters act, before judging, and be grateful for what we are permitted.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:19:58
The most liquid exchange is where **some** people will flock to.  Liquidity is not always the primary factor in where a trader decides to trade.  If what you're saying were the case (to the extent that it nullifies what I've already said), then there would be no diversity of markets on earth, in anything, and Bitstamp could not have gotten as large as it did in Mt. Gox's shadow (even in Gox's healthier days).  Exchanges are not as dependent of beneficiaries of network effect as compared to other things, such as money itself.
I know of many traders who stuck with Gox, despite their better senses, because it was basically the easiest place to get dollars into. . . i.e. they had no other real choice (except to not trade, or lose unacceptable amounts of time and money trying to fund a Bitstamp account).  Not to mention that nearly everyone with half a clue was itching to leave Gox, because of what was going on and how shady it seemed (i.e. the opportunity costs of lower liquidity on a differnt exchange were perceived as being lower than the cost/risk of staying at Gox).
If you're not a big player (trading in large volumes); liquidity does not concern you much.  Most traders caught with their pants down at Gox were not big players.
@_date: 2014-04-18 03:27:51
The woman on the panel did not even understand what a hard-fork was, and its context within an audience member's question regarding some kind of assurance mechanism for voting on protocol changes.
I'm not placing a whole lot of stock in the idea that blacklists are right around the corner.  Just like the research claiming bitcoin was doomed for a 33% or 51% attack.  
These people are not wrapping their minds around the difficulty in imposing something like a blacklist (let alone making it part of the protocol), especially if you're trying to do that on a national level (vs. an international cooperative level. . . good luck with that).  There are other countries full of bitcoin users who won't take kindly to U.S. interference in the protocol.  There are more of us who will gladly forsake bitcoin gains to fork away from the govcoin, or go with an altcoin, than these people probably realize.  Mutually assured destruction of most of bitcoin's value if they try to pull some crap like that.
No, if the government of any country successfully does anything to the bitcoin protocol or eco-system, it will be via their tried and true method of incrementally, gradually screwing humanity over.
@_date: 2014-09-23 10:15:51
No, that's far too nuanced.  
Apple and Google will actually become our supreme anarcho-capitalist fuhrers, and divide the world into Rand-Rothbard worshipping fiefdoms.  The state will explode like the death-star upon its realization of the glory of the blockchain.
You really need to read between the lines a little more and make sure to mischaracterize and strawman my words.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:42:41
Yes.  Cross-post from @_date: 2014-09-11 01:43:35
I am Satoshi.
I happen to like Peter Thiel.  And I agree that he's smarter than me.  But what he said was still backwards and wrong from any reasonable perspective that I can lend to it as a benefit of the doubt.
If you read through the rest of my comments on this thread; you'll see what I'm talking about.  I'm equating his tone and language here to similar, out-of-character, low blows that other prominent figures have taken to the character and ethos of the original creators and adopters of bitcoin; and the undermining of the importance of it's potential development into a money (and exaggerating the payments network aspect).
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:10:52
Sorry, I'm going to have to ask for a citation on this one.  I try to do my own googling. . . but I'm coming up only with [confirmations]( of what I just stated.
I am open to the possibility (and hopeful of it) that I am wrong.  Maybe there's some threshold that has to be met first?
@_date: 2014-02-15 23:02:20
Yeah, "law enforcement officials" would love for kickstarter and other crowd funding operations to appear to be in need of their protection and loving guidance (read: regulate it into stagnation so it can't compete with traditional lending channels).
How is it that these officials were so hyper-aware of this hack....seemingly before kickstarter's own people were?
@_date: 2014-03-14 06:32:43
if you're interested.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:29:35
Well said!
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:52:19
Why, its the "price of civilization" in the land of the free, home of the brave!
@_date: 2014-11-06 18:37:47
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:06:14
I agree of course. . . but phrased it the way I did for the sake of my argument in illustrating how labeling all general rises in prices as inflation is problematic.
See [my other comment in this thread above]( for more clarification.
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:37:54
Amen, brother.
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:11:02
That day can't come soon enough.
As the OP said: "the power to tax is the power to destroy" . . .and, in fact, nothing else.
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:26:43
Hey, I hope you don't mind...I hacked your computer and swept some of your private keys.
Oh, but don't worry; I used it all to buy you alpaca socks. Lots and lots of alpaca socks.  After all, we all need and use socks, want them provided in the same amounts, produced in only one way and quality level.  Nobody wants to be bothered with the freedom of choice anyway.
Some things capitalism is great at....but socks are just too important a human right to be left to the market.  People would walk around sockless, with blistered feet if socks weren't nationalized...and that would increase the costs of health care and make business and productive life impossible. 
You're welcome. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 18:41:22
Nope.  Satoshi's behavior and allusions and anonymity were all just coincidences.  Bitcoin is simply a cheaper payments network.  Nevermind that it creates means of competing with state systems of money and law.  Politically neutral.  Libertarians just don't know that the transactions on the blockchain are public.  When they find out, they will leave and bitcoin will be all ours and legitimate!  Because Mark Andressen said so.  Nevermind mixing, or Darkwallet, or the possiblity of sidechains with zerocoin or darkcoin like capabilities.  Nevermind that it can't be inflated at will. . . it still fits perfectly into the current politico-economic paradigm.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:11:23
good point too.
@_date: 2014-08-09 07:35:31
Dat moment when people realize they are living in a company town, having to pay for everything in company scrip.
Now, when you understand that applying the term "private" to the federal reserve is meaningless, your training will be complete.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:07:04


I truly hope you will.  Even if you don't agree with me after it all; you'll have strengthened and possible amended your own philosophical approach.


people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad so we need a government made of people are bad
@_date: 2014-04-03 02:08:25
Less need for debt. . . all other things being equal.
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:27:34
That's just hearsay and conspir
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:16:07
Nice, thoughtful post.  I'd never read that one.
+0.5 mBTC
@_date: 2014-08-09 07:42:59
Those who insist on living by democracy, may just die by democracy.
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:38:58
And also complaining about the great wealth concentration and wealth disparity among bitcoin holders.
When we pour our energies and enthusiasms into spreading the bitcoin opportunity to everyone, we are derided as cultish and overbearing.   When we have profited from our foresight, risk-taking, and efforts to build the economy and infrastructure, we are accused of having operated a pyramid scheme or ponzi.  When we are in a slump of news, price or both, we are mocked for hodling, and accused of trying to suckered people in....then the price rises again and we are greedy capitalists again and the cycle starts again.
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:06:59
You seem very angry.  I'm not even arguing and moral or utilitarian case for or against taxation in general.  I'm simply clarifying what the actual outcomes of the IRS ruling is likely to be.  I'm not commenting on whether or not the tax rate is too high or too low.  Please try to keep up, as you say.  Personally, I'm not too concerned with whether the "mainstream" is put off of bitcoin because of onerous tax reporting requirements.  I'm not overly concerned about the "mainstream" adopting bitcoin, nor do I think that technology and software won't eventually overcome much of the burden. . . but it is disingenuous to paint this as a non-burden right now.  It is, and it is and will continue to put people off of using bitcoin in the United States.


Not even remotely.  You don't seem to have been able to read or comprehend the very real problems I raised in trying to reasonably track and report all uses, and sources and destinations of your bitcoin, and the somewhat subjective classifications of which no software or ai program that I'm aware of can even begin to grasp (at least convenient to the level of being as easy to use as cash/credit card and not having to worry about whether you have software to track and report all of this. . . frankly bitcoin could have been worlds easier to use than cash/credit, were it not for all these little creeping requirements which alone don't seem like much, but put together create a payment system and currency that no compliant citizen is going have any compelling reason to use over the legacy system).
I'm not sure what's so difficult for you to comprehend about the fact that this is not just an information management problem.  The burdens here also go beyond the tracking and reporting. . . they also surround a much more invasive window into your personal finances by the IRS. . . since every single transaction you ever make will not only be available to the IRS (as it probably is now) but overtly presented to them on a platter, of necessity.
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:31:52
So we've got an author here who claims to be a researcher and understand bitcoin and "admire bitcoin-the-protocol. Its an incredibly clever piece of cryptographic engineering" . . . 
Yet he doesn't understand that bitcoin, being merely a protocol, is ripe for additional transaction layers to be built on top of it (e.g. opentransactions, services which can offer reversibility, insurance, subscriptions, etc.).  That was always part of the plan.  No bitcoiner still on his/her meds has ever claimed that "bitcoin RIGHT NOW is the ultimate!  The end-all-be-all of monetary and payment systems which has eviscerated all puny fiat systems in its glorious wake"
Might want to pull your head out of your "research" and do a little common-sense analysis of the community and the development on the horizon for bitcoin, before deeming a flaw "fatal".
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:17:50
Law is different than regulation, and proper regulation would have stopped Mt. Gox from doing what they did, and provided a way to get people their money back (like government deposit insurance).
@_date: 2014-02-22 22:07:33
How many businesses are you okay with not being able to afford our arbitrarily set minimum wage?  And how many unseen lost jobs are you willing to sacrifice in order to have a fee more people hired at a slightly higher wage?
@_date: 2014-09-02 18:13:08
Karpeles deserves a lot of blame.  But no one wants to possibly consider the fact that the very state-god to whom they are appealing to regulate bitcoin exchanges (for the children of course) is actually the one which precipitated the issues which Mt. Gox was having, obviously becoming exascerbated by Karpeles bad decisions. . . but ultimately started, very likely, by this gang of thugs, across an ocean, deigning to have authority to invade this business, seize and freeze assets, and do who-knows-what-else . . . all in an attempt to hunt down people who sold substances that that gang of thugs doesn't like, to other people who bought these substances within a better, albeit illegal framework, which actually took some violence off the streets. . . . and it was all for the children.
So, let's all make sure we continue to blame "the wild wild west that is bitcoin" and "unregulated markets" for allowing this Karpeles guy to screw everyone over.
Curiously, this state-god has not seen fit to use its almighty powers to correct the errors of Mr. Karpeles and the foolish free-market-trusting bitcoiners, by aiding in the finding of the lost or stolen assets and returning them to the owners. . . yet has plenty of time and resources to harass businesses and arrest people committing victimless "crimes".
tl;dr  the attitude you are talking about is exactly why we can't have nice things.
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:45:25
And yet, countries with great standards of living and high regulation which works effectively exist.  Get your head out of the united states for a second and study some other country.
@_date: 2014-06-13 01:22:26
You already do.  It's called fiat currency.  At worst...if all your dire warnings are true, bitcoin is a system no more centralized than the present government systems.....with a few giant exceptions, such as:  Ghash.io does not have nor will ever have massive military might which it can use to threaten people into continued use of Ghashcoin, nor the moral licence from people at large to use such threats and force.  Ghash cannot demand taxes, nor demand those taxes be paid in their own coin.  Ghash cannot double-spend my coins, and thus affect any capital controls.  Ghash can't even double-spend enough of their own coins to create even a fraction of the monetary inflation which the purveyors of fiat have done.  Ghash cannot externalize its losses from a mass exodus onto the citizenry.
Also that (for the reason listed above, and technological reasons) it is trivially costly to switch from Ghashcoin to another cryptocurrency.  The transaction cost is minimal, and the ability for ghash to use other force to stop the migration is non-existent.
Bitcoin (even in the hands of Ghash) is still largely and effectively decentralized, so long as people have the physical freedom enough to develop and buy other competing money's.
Mining being decentralized is an important quality in a coin to me too....but you statists fail to see the real value proposition that bitcoin holds over fiat.  you can't bear to not have a centrally-planned solution in place, forcing others to act the way you want, so that you can rest easy. And that is why you are always worried about it.  You don't really want decentralization.  Enjoy trusting one monopoly over another, and your slightly cheaper payment network.
@_date: 2014-10-18 19:07:53
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:28:34


I'm sorry you feel that way. . .but then again, don't worry, you're surrounded by the majority who agree with you on that point.  I can appreciate that, for those who do not see the free-market-enhancing potentials and realities of bitcoin, that these types of conversations are off topic, and getting old.  I'm not saying this snidely. . . I genuinely mean that and I'm not blind to how it makes many people feel.  On the other hand; the fact is that bitcoin is by it's nature a counter-economic technology, and cannot be separated logically from it's properties which make it a nightmare for legacy governance and financial systems.  Those of us who are freedom minded are tired of being abused and violated by the state and the corporatist arms of the state;  you are asking us to squelch who we are and what we believe in and to simply endure the violence of the system which you tacitly support. . . in order to not annoy you and others like you.  With all due respect:  it's not going to happen.  Leave us alone, and we'll leave you alone.  Until then, consistent philosophical and economics arguments being woven into everything that we post regarding bitcoin is the very least that you should expect from a group who you are persecuting (even if you don't intend to persecute).


This is actually the most intelligent comment made on this thread yet.  The article even states: "The free market is any trade unregulated by the state. "  I don't agree with that.
A much better definition of the free market would be the *sum* of all un-coerced and unregulated trades and exchanges of value.  It is an abstraction.  An idea and an ideal which can never be fully realized (just like an engine will never be 100% efficient), but can be strived for.
If darkmarket or even bitcoin (which also erroneously gets called "the free market") were indeed indicative of what free markets are capable of. . . it would be a sad commentary indeed of our philosophy.  You are absolutely correct in pointing this out, and the viewing of closed systems and singular networks as free markets themselves is what fools a lot of people into believing that society needs a central entity, like a central government, in order to direct affairs and force certain things. . . due to what seems like obvious failures with these little "free markets" which they observe.  Terms like "market failure" are borne largely out of misapplied definitions like this.  No, the free market is merely an abstraction which describes the optimal, open-ended environment wherein people can work on solving the problems of society and filling the needs of other people.
@_date: 2014-02-09 20:28:54
You're doing it wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:11:56
You're playing to my point.  These corporations like Monsanto bribe the politicians.  It's all about getting money out of politics, and properly regulating these monopolies into submission, to serve the public interest and not the shareholders.
@_date: 2014-02-22 22:04:30
You seem to assume that governments alone possess some magical power to provide education, and professional standards, and/or that people have no demand for these things without a state telling them to desire it...yet your own comment would suggest otherwise.
@_date: 2014-12-29 20:14:14
The key thing to remember is that bitcoin is not yet money (it is a proto-money).  Money (contrary to what many people assume due to being brought up in a modern, monetarily distorted world), is a function of market processes (i.e. spontaneous order; something of a public good, but one so useful and efficient over bartering that monies arise on markets without any central plan, or decree, or even a single person or group conceptualizing of the idea).
We don't know a lot about how long it took other, market-based monies to fully develop (such as gold or silver).  It likely took hundreds of even thousands of years.  We don't know exactly to what extent the enhanced "monyness" of bitcoin over gold and other physical commodities will speed its development into money.  We don't know what effect the medium by which it is traded (i.e. the internet and other electronic media), will have on its development into money.  We don't know to what extent the 'bootstrapping' (our conscious, societal awareness of money, and the need for it) that is going on with bitcoin (essentially a community of people willing this commodity or currency to become money, and trying to shortcut the unplanned market process) will shorten its evolutionary course.
What we do know is that for a commodity to be money, it needs to do at least three things:  serve as unit of account within some economic sphere, serve as medium of exchange, and serve as a store of value.  Bitcoin, in my opinion, is currently not fulfilling the first in any sphere I know of, is fantastic at the second, and is getting slowly better at the third.
Price stability is both a cause of and an effect of its liquidity and the development of its value as being a benchmark or metric whereby to judge the value of all other things (i.e. unit of account).  This is a virtuous cycle. . . but like most things, the interactive forces are weak at the start, and gain momentum.  The liquidity is low and makes the purchasing power too volatile for people or businesses to peg the value of their goods to fixed units of bitcoin.  Speculation often seems to exacerbate this, but is in fact, in the long run helping to even out the ebbs and flows and increase liquidity.  What we need more of, if anything, is wild speculation and profit opportunities.  Likely quite a bit of it, and for a much longer period of time, before high liquidity can produce enough price stability to entice use of the commodity as a unit of account, thus prompting greater price stability, and so on.
Many things are getting in the way of this process as well, especially (and very expectedly) government intrusions into the market place.  And not just the overt or obvious things like specific laws or regulations aimed at the Bitcoin space; but the very existence of government, monopolizing the provision of law and money.  But I believe Bitcoin's primary strength to be in its decentralized nature and that it has the properties necessary to largely overcome the obstacles that are being placed in the way of people fully and properly evaluating Bitcoin's potentials, and having incentive to invest or otherwise push through the short term costs, in order to reap the long-term benefits of a bitcoin money.
@_date: 2014-09-25 00:31:30
He just explained it to you.  The government of China has monopolized the service of rights enforcement.  No other entity can compete.  All failures of rights enforcements; from the inability for victims of ingesting gutter oil to effectively or affordibly file suit; to the masses forced to breath the offending air of the industrial firms. . . have occurred because the coercively monopolized rights enforcement services of China have **failed** to protect individuals from these abuses and aggressions against them.  That some governments eventually resort to massive and ham-handed bans and fees or pigovian taxes on pollution, or other broad regulations and paternalism on the minutia of every substance known to man. . . is further proof of their ineptness and failure to provide efficient law and enforcement of peoples' rights.
Why do you people continue to worship at the altar of this insane religion of demanding that a monopoly provide these particular services to society?
@_date: 2014-06-21 05:02:06


You see, this is why you statists strawman the free market argument and fail to understand it . . . you can only think narrowly and concretely.    In your mind, I'm sure that you are thinking that you are right, simply because there were very few, if any of the explicit financial regulations imposed upon mt. gox.  You fail to understand the inescapable outcomes of the very framework under which all subjects of nation-states are operating; and you fail to understand paradoxical outcomes and unintended consequences.  You refuse to grasp that directed regulation and interference rarely produces results which can all immediately be known, measured, and accounted for.  An economy is an immensely complex organism which responds in unexpected ways to seemingly unrelated inputs and interference.  As I already made example of before:  mt. gox (and for the most part, all the exchanges) were all operating within the various frameworks of monopolies on the issuance and administration of law, regulation, and enforcement of such.  They were all operating under the difficulties of interfacing with monopolized monetary systems. . . .and you'll notice that nearly all the difficulties in dealing with bitcoin, stem from the antiquated fiat money systems, and the persecution of the banks (the fascist financial arms of the state).  Bitcoin exchange users everywhere have been (as a direct result of the very existence of states) at the mercy of a completely inadequate system of law enforcement, regulatory services, and funding/banking and insurance options.  You'll remember that I did not just say regulations. . . but also used the word interferences.  This is largely what I meant
But, as I'm sure the significance of all this will escape you, since it will be too abstract for your very detail oriented mind; let me simply shut down your argument of specific financial regulation on Mt. Gox by reminding you that they were [registered with FinCen]( and as far as we know, complying to great extent with the KYC and AML regulations.


Doesn't make much sense, especially from your detail-oriented point of view. . . considering that Mt. Gox, in Japan, was under the same compliance burden as exchanges in the U.S.  Mt. Gox was (up until its failure or around that time) the largest bitcoin exchange in the world.  To pretend that there were many other viable options is just silly, and to insinuate that there were any decent exchanges in the U.S. with any kind of volume is a complete untruth.  Are you aware of how many  exchange startups in U.S. failed?  Is there any way to measure how many entrepreneurs never even attempted to start exchanges in the U.S. in the first place, because of all the factors?  What viable options were U.S. citizens left with?  CampBX?  You're joking, right?


I refer you to my last three sentences in the paragraph above.  I'm also curious as to how you have determined what constitutes "many".  What is the "right" number of competing exchanges?  Understanding economics is important here.  That's not a question that has a technical answer.  That is a question that only the market can answer.  Any and all interferences into that market will distort the outcome.


My assertion was never that Mt. Gox was the largest.  The fact is that Mt. Gox (for a huge proportion of bitcoin buyers and traders) was the easiest exchange on which to get fiat money, for a long time.  That is the reason that they held dominance for so long.  And yes, of course, nearing their collapse, their [market share fell](  Look, nobody in their right mind should have been using Gox, at least for the last year of their existence, if not before.  Lots of us saw warning signs.  I am not blaming the system and regulations under which Gox operated for it's failures, or for Karpeles ineptness.  But if you conclude that the best that the bitcoin world, at that time, could produce was three major USD/BTC exchanges (BTC-e, Gox, and Bitstamp). . . with all the varied difficulties that all three of them posed for getting fiat on and off their respective platforms. . . then you and I have an irreconcilable difference of opinion, at the very least; and in fact, by employing sound economic theory, we can at least be certain that the market was not able to produce the optimal number and sizes of firms in the exchange space, due to the forceful interferences of the violent monopolies we call governments.
None of the above even accounts for what duress and gag orders Mt. Gox may have been under due to the account seizures surrounding the silk road investigations.  Trust me, I don't think that Mt. Gox and Karpeles are innocent of all fraud and negligence. . . nor do I claim to have any specific facts as to what the feds may have been doing to mt. gox. . . but to deny the possibility is just complete obstinate closed-mindedness.  You don't see any other firms or entities on the market, other than governments, who can or will meddle in other people's business with such impunity and with force.  People would never stand for Walmart forcefully investigating victimless crimes by interfering with another company's operations . . . yet, for some reason, when we change that name from Walmart to "Government Corp." and put shiny badges on their agents. . . we think that motivations, incentives, and outcomes just magically change.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:37:38
Bonus points, because anyone who disagrees with me necessarily thinks that I'm an especially virtuous person. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 10:40:05
I think if you read my comment again, you'll find I'm saying something very close to what you are.   Not sure where you're finding disagreement.
Glad you found it euphoric though.
@_date: 2014-05-22 16:37:08
Until people learn to ignore and choose to get around these governments and their taxes, these governments can and will delay the progress of bitcoin adoption and actualization as a unit of account.
Reason, justice, and the needs of the impoverished masses of the world demand that bitcoin be allowed to flourish free of state constraints.  Ignore these people, and they will go away.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:30:45
I'm sure this is just a fluke by the Department of "Justice".  I'm sure they are being very judicious with their targets. . .and after all, it's only a small proportion of businesses being affected.  And they are going after ponzi schemes!  See, they are protecting the children.  They are also going after purveyors of racist material. . . I'm so glad that they are protecting free speech by deciding for us what is "racist" and shutting down funding for such speech with no due process.
They'll probably shut this operation down when everything is good in the world.  When it's "mission accomplished".  There's no possibility that they will expand this tactic.  Government departments always love to defund themselves and scale back operations.  The government is totally cool with bitcoin, a payments network which they can't control.
Statist bitcoiners rejoice.  The bitcoin and the state are totally compatible.  Bitcoin is not political.  Yay!
@_date: 2014-02-22 22:48:21
Was not aware of that.  Did not intend to plagiarize.
In any case; argumentum ad hominem
I know you can be more honest than that.  I believe in you.  Try answering the question.
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:20:17
Wrong.  I didn't murder someone today, because I'm afraid of going to jail.  Also, I'll lose my shot at 70 virgins.  Haven't you seen The Purge: Anarchy?
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:00:44
You can't be expected to stalk these kinds of comments.  You have to go through a maize of them to find the right opportunity.
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:10:41


No . . . just, no.
@_date: 2014-07-19 07:38:10
Their cognitive dissonance on this topic is assuaged only by allowing their mind to wander into an infinite loop of chicken and egg, where greedy free marketeers are surely initially responsible for poisoning the waters of their beautiful democracy. . . by introducing money!, greed!, deregulation!, into a government which would have otherwise achieved western European nirvana.  The libertards, they muse, are surely wrong; the chicken came first: The government and its stewards were once, wise and benevolent, until teh Kapitalisms came along.  It couldn't be that power centers inevitably attract and enable the type of corporate malfeasance and stagnation and police state which we see.  The state simply needs moar power and money so that it can finally crush the capitalist usurper and keep the extents of all human greed under its thumb forevermore; to be balanced into a harmonious mixed economy of centrally planned bliss and a measured drive for "fair" profits.
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:05:32
If you think trying the same things over and over and getting the same results is the mark of a free society. . . you're being fooled by the relative sophistication with which the political class in the U.S. dispatches with real freedom and maintains a facade. . . as compared with the banana republics who simply do things more bluntly.  
But vote harder next time. . .I'm sure things will turn out great for your democracy.
@_date: 2014-02-09 20:28:03
Yes please.  It is well past time for people to put their governments on trial, before blindly allowing them to cage fellow human beings.
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:27:26
This may have some usefulness; and I certainly hope it enables more people to participate in bitcoin.
But the cold, hard, fact is that unless the long-term price trend of bitcoin is up (or at least horizontal), then this company and service will not be long-lived.  Conversely, if the long-term price trend of bitcoin is in fact up; it's customers are likely to hemorrhage to the greater opportunity for gains.
If we are not ultimately using bitcoin as a unit of account, then it is merely a different payments network, and it's use in practice is centralized (with all the negative connotations associated with that).  People can do what they want, but fearing the volatility is just foolish;  it is a necessary and beneficial part of bitcoin's evolution towards use as unit of account.
@_date: 2014-10-31 23:34:04
Never forget: statism is a religion.
@_date: 2014-10-03 09:04:19
This is, in my opinion the most important comment in this thread.  Thank you.  I don't know if I feel as optimistic about the time-frames within which bitcoin develops into a unit of account. . . but I hope to be surprised.
1.9308 mBTC
@_date: 2014-10-17 17:23:52
If only the "digital island" were the worst island America was putting itself on.
In reality, Americans have almost completely lost control over their state and federal governments (the state governments have long been mostly puppets of the federal government anyway and have not retained most of their sovereignty).  Most Americans realize this on some level; but still believe in and rabidly subscribe to the religion of voting and democracy to save them.
You can blame Americans to great extent for having allowed their republic to centralize powers to such an extent that it has run away from them; but you really can't blame them as much for what their rogue state does now.  People did truly believe that so called progressive and centralizing policies were for the good of society.  They were economically illiterate, not malicious (for the most part).
Don't sit on your high horse believing that the state of your society is fundamentally different; it is only different by degrees, I assure you.  The insane belief in the centralization of coercive monopoly power to rule over people always has and always will create empires and plutocracy.
But you are absolutely right that the advancement of the decay of the nation-state model is producing the market reaction for agorist technologies such as Bitcoin, and is of necessity broadening and deepening the black and grey markets.  Most of and most of the world, have a very shallow and silly interpretation of what bitcoin is.  Especially those who think state regulation is necessary or helpful, and don't understand that bitcoin is inherently anti-state; and is, if anything an escape hatch from the decay and ultimate demise of the failing legacy systems.
@_date: 2014-09-15 15:17:16
The important thing is whether you can remap controls to the buttons you want ...otherwise game play is going to be a bitch.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:24:47
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:09:33
Don't you know that without government, we would all just be sitting at dumb terminals, scratching our heads, wondering how to get packets of data from one mainframe to the next? 
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:59:52
And that's great that you believe that.  But as you said: make some actual counter points.  I'm not even sure which of my points are not just completely and obviously true on their face; even if you are of the opinion that governments is at this time necessary (which i think is manifestly true as a fuction of the only way our society presently knows how to organize itself) or even good.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:41:44
Sorry.  U.S.  
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:39:29
The same people who hate on bitcoin now, and refuse to try it out, or invest any, or listen to us about getting involved now....are the same people who will scream about inequality when bitcoin gains monetary dominance.  But this time, they will be nearly powerless to take from the wise and distribute to the foolish.
@_date: 2014-10-31 22:03:11
This is the only point where I diverge from Andreas.  An index currency is called "money".  You cannot measure value against things with no value, and you cannot stop things of value from being traded.  An economy tends to want one money (not monopolized or forced by fiat, mind you; just that an economy is necessarily defined by it's common unit of account; otherwise you're left with barter).  The predominance of the nation state, and the force which they wield to determine the money used by the somewhat closed-off economy of that nation; is what has primarily allowed their to be many "monies" worldwide.  The evolution of economies beyond the borders of the nation-states, and the economy of the internet itself, will require a common currency (a money which defines the boundaries of the new trans-national economy).  This necessarily undermines the power and influence of the nation state.  The dollar has maintained standing as a reserve currency primarily by force, not market preference.
Bitcoin stands a better chance than most other commodities and altcoins to achieve the unit of account status, become money, and be that market-preferred reserve currency, in effect, for all the other currencies and modalities as Andreas calls them.
@_date: 2014-07-24 03:04:06
Few things drive me crazier than when people endlessly debate you or troll you about some thing you think is great, and then all of a sudden switch to implicitly agreeing with you about the positive benefits that they so recently argued against; by instead ostracizing you for bringing up valid use cases.
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:07:37
Be an Austrian school scholar, not just supporter.  Bubbles are symptoms of many causes.  Austrians are more concerned with the cause.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:06:52
Humans have had thousands of years to wrap their heads around physical security and make it part of our culture, institutions, habit, and even perhaps our evolutionary traits.
Digital security; we're very unprepared for.  We've only been doing this for a generation at best. . . and just a decade or less where most people stored any kind of data which was valuable or sensitive.  Bitcoin ups the ante; we're now storing money as data/memory.  What OP did was the equivalent of putting $20,000 in a safe made of a transparent material, which has the ability of being very secure. . . but he essentially left that safe on a crowded park bench, and made the combination code: "1 2 3 4".  There's probably a better analogy to the physical world, but that's close enough.
His BTC were assured of being stolen; eventually by someone who has no intention of returning the money.  What does is a public service; which is helping not only those who are careless, but to create a culture of proper digital security.  He doubtless employs considerable processing power and valuable time of his, to generate as many less-than-random keypairs as possible.  Then takes the coins to ensure that the owner realizes what they've done and can identify themselves to the public where will see and return them.
@_date: 2014-04-29 20:48:39
That is not the reason.  Ron Paul may, incidentally, also have a lot in common with the luddites of old; but the reason why he feels that bitcoin does not fit the definition of money is due to his understanding of the [Mengerian analysis of the origins of the price of money](
Despite Ron Paul and some Austrians who hold to this theory; myself and some others who adhere to the Austrian school of economics do not agree with this analysis, because it assumes use-value as the composite of money's value, rather than a component of it.  Network effect/liquidity being the primary use-value of a bitcoin means that it is difficult to get bitcoin to a state of stable purchasing power (i.e. unit of account), but once largely achieved; great value and longevity is derived from the relatively better monetary properties of the bitcoin over other commodities.
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:31:22
The financial sector of the u.s. actually is the most highly regulated in the world; especially when considering the costs of having to comply simultaneously with federal, plus 50 separate states.  Corporate taxes are among the highest (not that that matters yet for most startups) but our tax laws are the most onerous, complex and costly to comply with...even if the rates and gross amounts are not the highest.  Bitcoin being classified as a capital asset makes it untenable for use as an everyday money by your average joe.  Software is not going to be able to easily track (across many bitcoin wallets, services and paper wallets) which transactions are value realization events, and which are just transfers between the owner's addresses...especially if he/she is doing security right and not reusing addresses.  Then take all that and accurately compute basis, FIFO, and report on taxes.  Just wait until NYDFS has enacted their rules and other states follow suit.  The u.s. will then be leaps and bounds ahead of any other developed countries in terms of compliance costs...and still just as uncertain.
I do agree with your point about this not mattering as much in the long run when bitcoin is earned and transactions are more end to end...but people need to really look past the free market rhetoric of the United states, and see the fascist reality, and stop pretending that these interferences by gov't don't have massive Ill and unintended consequences....consequences which will soon drive investment to the friendlier shores.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:49:58
Yes, decentralized anonymous political markets is certainly something that some of us have considered as part of a broader agoristic strategy against political malfeasance.  But of course it cuts both ways: a market like this could help to overcome the problems of the [inherent public good issue with democratic governance](  by reducing the marginal costs of individuals and small businesses to organize an impactful lobby....but it can also be used by big, incumbent entities to further promote policies beneficial to them which externalize negatively on the rest.
Centralized coercive government is like all of us setting a big gun on the table...a powerful tool for some one or group in society to use: we can all pretend that most people want the same things, and we can strain our little heart muscles hoping that voting will lead to the gun being used by someone/for something that we consider good, but the cold hard reality is that this gun, this power center, always necessarily creates an incentive structure to be captured....and history has taught us that the most sociopathic in society will want to and tend to gain control.
Best not to set that gun on the table in the first place, by not subscribing to the idea that coercive government is the only way to organize society.
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:42:41
Well Bitcoin may be it's own worst enemy in the sense that it may have kickstarted the payments revolution, and lit the fire under the banks and apple/google/paypal.
There is very little of a competitive model between the banks.  They are all  essentially arms of the federal reserve.  They have no need to compete and this does not impede the development and existence of a standardized payment rail.  They already have it.  Centralized technology (all things equal) is going to have an easier time, technically, in achieving ubiquity, standards, and ease of use.
I fully agree with your view on the merits of open-source vs. walled garden; but walled garden often does win out for a while (while the open standards lag behind but build a very strong value base in the background); Bitcoin is not just some open-source version of the banks and their fiat payment rails.  Bitcoin is an open-source trust and value transmission mechanism and repository.  It doesn't even compete directly with what banks do.  And Bitcoin was founded, to start with, on a technology which is not conducive to quick payments, or even necessarily cheap payments.  It is founded on technology which is conducive to secure payments, and the benefits of no counter-party risk.  Yes, right now, in their stagnant state, the banks and other payment processors don't necessarily offer cheaper or quicker payments than bitcoin;  but using centralized networks, it is and will be trivially easy for them to lower costs to the consumer and provide all sorts of features which mimic and exceed the best that Bitcoin can offer in terms of ease of use, speed, and fees, and even things that mimic multi-sig transactions, etc.  Their expenses per transaction may be higher than the bitcoin network right now; but their barriers to rectifying that are small.  Bitcoin will always need the relatively expensive mining process, and (at least for larger transactions) will always need the verification and confirmation process of the blockchain; which is just simply slow.  That's the reality of it.  I'm well aware of the many methods (such as the off-chain ones, or the ntimelock feature) which can and will make cheaper faster and micropayments feasible. . . but ultimately, the bitcoin blockchain is and will be what it is.  
I don't consider it inferior; because my values lie in the money aspect of bitcoin and the trustless mechanism.  Others, who obsess over getting it mainstream, and sticking it to the banks, and trying to get amazon to accept it (and none of those things are bad in my mind, just mundane and secondary to bitcoin's real value), are going to be disappointed with the outcomes I think.  This is what used to be understood about bitcoin, by most of the early adopters; but as the space has become flooded with newcomers . . . those who don't understand the crypto-anarchic underpinnings of the technology and the movement; the focus has turned and the goals have become shallow.
@_date: 2014-08-29 21:20:23
You're not "off the books" for any effective implicating of bitcoin, when you make a real-estate purchase like this.  You know the parties you are dealing with to some extent, and essentially "know where they live".  
So for those purposes, it is still irrelevant whether any purchases were made using bitcoin or fiat.  Bitcoin did not facilitate a scam or fraud here that otherwise could not have taken place.
If the intention of buyers or seller here was to indeed be off the books. . . it would be, off the books of the thieving gangs who call themselves governments.  Which, then, makes this a case no different (and no more specifically relevant to bitcoin) than the inevitable outcome of all the many other black markets which governments have created. .  .from the pregnant teen who once couldn't go to a hospital and instead had to use a coat hanger, to the drug dealer who is left with no legal recourse but the violence of the street.
You understand, right, that libertarians (even anarchists libertarians) believe very much in the necessity of laws and property rights institutions in order to facilitate peaceful trade and to avoid and have recourse against scams and fraud?  You realize, right, that the current monopoly forms of government preclude the development (both directly and indirectly) of most other forms of dispute resolution and property law?  You are aware that with so much wealth being stolen from us, that when people simply want to opt out, and peacefully leave it behind. .  .not only do they pay onerous exit taxes and fees to the nation states (yes, the one's which we can supposedly leave any time we want and "move to Somalia" if we don't like the "social contract"). . . and these people try to preserve even a modicum of their wealth to be able to just survive in their new home. . . then they are necessarily breaking some laws of the gang's territory which they just left. . . . therefore they are forced into an effective black market and black-hole of law; where they must take these huge risks of scam and fraud, which inevitably happen?
This has nothing to do with bitcoin, and everything to do with the miserable and insane religious belief in the necessity and efficacy of a coercive monopoly state god.
@_date: 2014-12-23 21:33:39
Hating, or expressing it non-violently should not be a crime.  Just like selling, or facilitating the selling of drugs should not be a crime.
Otherwise, we are doomed to live in a backward and decaying society like the one we currently enjoy.
"Good Ole' Boys" is just an ironically silly way for you to try to discredit a majority view (you're prepared to live by democracy, but not aware you may die by it).  Very few people want any kind of harmful overt discrimination against minorities today.  You are not going to find a jury which will nullify and acquitt the defendant of a clearly harmed black/minority person these days.  Jury nullification is highly unlikely to produce outcomes any different than the up and coming changes to law which are bound to take place due to the same majority sentiment which just nullified the law in court.  It simply accelerates the process of change through a fundamentally flawed political and legal system.
@_date: 2014-08-30 20:34:38
Murray Rothbard, "History of Money and Banking in the United States".
[Free e-book]( 
[Free audio book](
@_date: 2014-10-18 19:29:40
Fair enough.  I didn't offer any substance there.  Take a look at my a reply to if you're interested in why I say that.
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:29:39


Yes, yes.  I get what you perceive the problem to be.  The question is, how do you know (especially in light of your apparent inability to get the rest of us to freak out about it) whether a significant portion of the market also views this as the problem, or views it as being as much of a problem as you think it is?


Neither do I.  I don't expect you to have a solution.  I'm interested in understanding what type of mechanism you see being primarily able to deal with the problem as you perceive it.
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:03:45
I know!  That's what blew my mind; not just the QR code.
@_date: 2014-09-30 05:26:46
When you value something and you speculate that you will need it more at a later date than you do now, and/or you speculate that it will be worth more to others in exchange in the future. . . . then you hodl it.  
Despite all the fallacies and fluff economics that you'll hear from the mainstream. . .spending does not an economy make.  Money must develop on the market organically, and spending money develops from commodities that are valued.  Spending a thing . . .at least eventually, is a given.  We all eventually have to spend; to stay alive, to get what we want, to invest and grow our wealth.  An eventuality.  Spending is easy.  Demanding is easy.  
Producing is hard.  Saving and deferring consumption is hard.  Saving and deferring consumption are the core and only economic process which frees up society's resources in order to develop capital which allows us to produce more, and thus be more productive, wealthier, more prosperous, healthier, etc, etc.
If and when people and businesses want me to part with my bitcoin, they will offer me something that I value more than the bitcoin they ask for in return.  Why would they value and want my bitcoin, if I don't value it and just spend it on anything.  I don't hodl just because I'm greedy and want to be rich:  I hodl because I value the bitcoins I have more than the things being offered, and more than the dollars that people will give me on an exchange for my bitcoins.
Holding can increase the price of the thing if it is demanded, as the supply dwindles.  But there are also opposing forces;  the price won't just increase in perpetuity:  the price will begin to level off as demand is satiated; this provides a signal to hodlers that they can gain more now by exchanging their coins for goods and services, rather than hodling.  Or, as the price rises, it gives incentive for the hodlers to sell, thus bringing price back down, which can spur demand, and hodling and the price rising.  And these forces are all always in play and interplay, always seeking a kind of equilibrium.  And all the while, the market is discovering the various prices of a bitcoin (that's right *prices* plural).  That's what a money is:  the one thing that has millions or billions of prices (one bitcoin costs 2 Honda Civics, or 0.48 houses, or 3,214 pineapples, etc); where everything else just has one, a money price.  This is how money develops.  This is what we're doing.  Rational self-interest (and charitable giving, or other non-selfish activities are all part of self-interest) motivates us to act in ways which become societally beneficial, and an efficient means of exchange and unit of account and store of value emerge.
How's that?
@_date: 2014-09-25 06:03:03
I think that a universal basic income is not the worst thing that can be done by a central government with society's resources (certainly better than blowing things up); but that economics teaches us that we can't ignore the necessity of markets and prices to rationally determine the most urgent uses of scarce resources.  I think there's a lot of poverty and need for social safety nets, but that that need is primarily a product of prior interventions, and that getting rid of those interventions is a far more efficient and moral way to deal with the problems trying to be solved, rather than shuffling resources around. . . we could be creating more in the first place.
Governments will be hard-pressed to use bitcoin, instead of their fiat currencies as a rail for delivering social welfare.  Bitcoin by it's nature eschews centralized control, and therefore makes it more possible than other moneys and forms of payment to empower the individual to opt out of centralized plans, and forced programmes.  
These people all have noble goals, but ultimately misguided and economically illiterate means to achieve those ends.  Peter Joseph and these other haven't even begun to grasp the concept of the problem of economic calculation and the critiques against his philosophy, let alone deal with these critiques.  We would all do well to go back and read some Bastiat, and proceed from there.
@_date: 2014-05-10 07:35:28
ar. .are we the aphids?
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:44:12
It really is, isn't it.  Why would we want the poor to be able to make relatively sizable and meaningful investments?  Otherwise, how will we claim that bitcoin is a pyramid scheme, and tout the unfairness of the bitcoin wealth disparity when the price rises again?
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:07:30
Careful.  This is where it really matters that the code is open source.
The most vulnerable and centralized aspect of bitcoin is in it's code development.
@_date: 2014-03-29 11:21:30
Not knowing what the best institutions in a voluntary setting will turn out to be,and being tolerant of violent ones now, are two very different things.
@_date: 2014-09-10 22:59:35
If that's the case, then sure, I understand the argument. . . but the language that he used to convey that was completely wrong, frankly.  He said bitcoin was a money, but needs to be a payment system. . . that is exactly not the case, by any definition of those words that we would have context to understand.
Now, given his real meaning; he is still very wrong, seeing as how speculation is a necessary and indispensable process to fully capitalizing the market, and getting the commodity demanded widely enough for it to mature into end-to-end use and develop unit of account valuation.  Bitcoin does not get a government decreeing it money and forcing everyone to use it (and that is a good thing. . . but it means that people need to actually understand how market processes work, and not expect pricing and capitalization to occur in what they perceive as a clean and orderly manner).  I'm sorry, but it's like Peter Thiel took economics from the occupy wall street crowd.  Great intentions. . . poor theoretical framework. . . asinine conclusions.  
Regular users do not need to "outmuscle" the speculators.  Regular users are speculators.  Regular use is a lot of things for a lot of different people.  For bitcoin to have and maintain value, people need to be allowed to valuate it how they please and for the reasons they see it as valuable.  This is not a zero-sum game.  The fluctuations don't affect you if you are just using bitcoin as a payments rail anyways.  So that argument is bunk on it's face.  
The only possible way for bitcoin to actual begin to circulate as a money, necessarily requires a great deal more speculation and volatility, the likes of which we haven't even seen yet.
@_date: 2014-09-23 04:16:24
Don't know.  But what I do know, is that if some governmental organizations, such as the NSA in concert with the FBI, have the ability to use forensic taint analysis to find out who is associated with a particular address, and they are using it to terrorize dissidents and prosecute drug dealers. . . instead of using it to uphold property rights, and affect justice and restitution for those who have been stolen from:  I'd better not hear one more public-school brain-washed idiot in this forum blathering about how this proves that we need governments and that the free market and "wild west bitcoin" can never work.
Either bitcoin protocol/wallets adapt to become effectively fully anonymous from the government; or they damn well better be using their ability to track us, in order to protect us.  They monopolize police and investigative legal and justice services, and then train the masses of educated fools to believe that somehow, their excluding of and crowding out of all other security/investigative/forensic from having functioning markets, is a legitimate argument against the freedoms of association which many of us are seeking in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:53:03
Because it's a popular idea, it sounds good, and something something Europe does it and it works.
Congrats, you've just helped me, once again, show that people here will upvote just about any semi-random string of statist talking points, logical fallacies, and populist drivel.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:38:20
Don't use tactics, and don't try to convince people who are not ready to use bitcoin, to use bitcoin.  That's part of the reason so many people lost money on Gox.
Just try to interest them in learning for themselves about bitcoin...reading the whitepaper, learning about cryptography, understanding monetary theory, and the technical and economic problems which bitcoin is solving and may yet solve.  Show them how vibrant the community and entrepreneurs are, and the innovations; contrasted with the stagnant fiat money economy.  Let them discover on their own how government involvement and the regulations in place so far, have stifled competition in the exchange industry and raised barriers to entry...leaving most people with no better options than Mt. Gox.
I have yet to meet a person who actually understands the bitcoin technology, and who understands economics, who has irreconcilable concerns about using bitcoin and its future success, or who is swayed by the garbage and fallacies spewed from news outlets and echoed by the uneducated populace.
@_date: 2014-04-19 21:00:06
And as your shallow comment showed, you argue against free markets because you don't understand free markets.  Or perhaps you just value theft, violence, and discoordination over peace and prosperity.
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:07:06
I do like your flag...
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:13:39


Ah, there it is!  This is the bullshit that always comes out when some people realize that they have lost the debate.  They fall back on ad hominems and other logical fallacies.  


If you don't understand the evidence for these claims, and the logic used to arrive at the Austrian conclusion. . . then I wonder what you are doing arguing against it.  Or correct me if I'm wrong and you do indeed have a sound grasp of capital based macro and the austrian business cycle?  Have you read Garrison, or the rest of Hulsmann's stuff, or Hayek, or Mises?
When I argue against the mainstream view of economics, it is because I have read Keynes and Samuelson, and Fisher.  I'm well aware of the IS-LM models and AS-AD models and their errors.
@_date: 2014-08-20 21:43:10
@_date: 2014-09-13 01:17:19
Yeah I can't image them passing up on using some form of existing blockchain tech.
Interestingly enough, a lot of people I've met who were interested in bitcoin early on, were in it for the potential of micropayments...and lost interest when it became clear that both exchange price and priority of developers was not taking it there.  Anecdotal, but I think whoever does micropayments first is gonna win big.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:34:24


You made the assertions.  Go ahead and back them up.  You demonstrate your ignorance of economics by your assertions.  
Not to mention that the very fact that you assumed that allowing others to live in anarchy meant that you too would have to live in a stateless society (thus you voice your objection), demonstrates your lack of knowledge regarding voluntarism, anarchism, and polycentric legal orders, which in no way preclude you and others from being able to remain under the jurisdiction of nation-states or other monopoly governance models.
I especially love how statists are typically self-avowed lovers of science and reason and rationality, but throw it all out the window when it comes to political science, and boldly proclaim social democracy the end-all-be-all of governance technology; all the while for some strange reason, insisting on preventing the heuristic experimentation and discovery process that markets produce in law and all other things.
You coercively prevent people from developing other models, while simultaneously decrying the merits of these systems which either do not yet exist or exist only as theory.  It's like telling Edison that a light bulb cannot exist or will never work. . .but not letting him try to create it.
So keep hiding behind your violent insane religion. . .and telling yourself that you abolished slavery long ago.
@_date: 2014-04-28 23:01:51
None of which cases of hyperinflation were due to money creation alone, but because of large [foreign debts](  The U.S. is not even close to hyperinflating, since we have the worlds reserve currency, and our debts are owed in that currency.
@_date: 2014-10-22 13:26:13
Ansible and sub-space relay.  Obviously.
@_date: 2014-06-27 03:46:54
A crowd-funding platform, which allows assurance contracted bids out to firms which can provide insurance and/or legal and physical defense from the state; by essentially competing with it and challenging its monopoly of law-making and enforcement.
A surety bond could be placed in escrow by one or more interested, bidding dispute resolution or extra-governmental defense agencies, or entrepreneurs who wish to build such a firm.  These firms would determine an amount which would allow them to guarantee to the investors that they would be able to insure and/or defend the client against the reprisals of the state against the non-payment of taxes.  Of course the premium would rise in proportion with the tax liability of the client.
It would be interesting to see if enough funds could be raised (since the investors has no risk of long-term loss by investing, should no firm be able and willing to bid), to produce an incentive and pool of funds great enough to accomplish an effective competition against at least some of the violence of the state.  Assuming a market of this type became robust enough and ubiquitous enough, it would serve as a better market indicator of what laws and aspects of government that society actually wanted to pay for, and the extent to which society deems a need for a centralized governance model.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:37:03


I sympathize somewhat with this. . . I really do; because well-thought out and balanced regulations can and do often make positive impacts on the problem, as it is perceived by those advocating for the particular regulation.  Unfortunately, there are always unintended consequences, and hidden costs (or missed opportunity costs) when coercing, even the best intended and technically sound rules upon the marketplace.  Each intervention begets the next.  Voluntary competing regulation allows consumers to be able to take advantage of safer options, and for those businesses to profit from offering a safer service or product to their customers; but does not preclude others from opting out, putting the saved resources and time towards the most highly desired ends; and allow innovation in regulatory services.
Bitcoin itself, is kind of a market demand for better regulated money, finding an escape route through the grasp of the state money and financial monopoly.  But just like with any desired thing which is prohibited (like alcohol one was, or like drugs are now) or even interfered with or regulated (which is just prohibition-lite. . . same effects, lesser degree); then you get black/grey markets, higher costs, lower quality and more dangerous products; all things being equal.
We can't expect that the state regulatory regime and monetary hegemony is going to go away overnight. . . and so, the pragmatic approach of saying that "we need small, common-sense regulations now. . .even if they have to come from the government" is understandable; but ultimately just leads us down the same path that the world is already on;  a world that bitcoin was trying to break away from.
Don't underestimate what an impact a staunch, widespread ideological position can have.  I believe anyways, that the smart people in this community will innevitably find ways, anyway, to decentralize the exchange industry, and effectively render it out of the control off the state, just like the bitcoin protocol is.  The community will also find technological means of preventing many of the ills which plague Mt. Gox and other exchanges at this time. . .. and what can't be solved by technology, will eventually be solved by businesses who offer voluntary regulatory solutions (just as an example:  an underwriter could effectively regulate the security and best financial practices of any exchange who wishes to be covered by their policy, thus attracting more customers).  
The more the state gets out of the way, the faster this will happen.  Until then;  enjoy the relative wild west; the volatility, the opportunites to profit, the novelty of all this, the chance of being in on the ground floor and part of history.
Nobody should have ever been trusting large sums of their money to any of these exchanges; especially mount gox.  This was always preached from the beginning.  These people kind of chose their own fate; trusting so much money to organizations which they knew they had little to no enforceable contracts against, and few safeguards.
@_date: 2014-09-10 22:34:36
Wow. . . .he's got that so backwards, it's not even funny.
The future value proposition (and the most important one I often argue) is bitcoin as a new currency.  Bitcoin is not there yet.  I don't know why people don't understand this.  It is a pretty good medium of exchange, a not-so-great store of value, but absolutely in no way serves yet as a unit of account.
On the other hand, it is successfully being used as a payment network, for a variety of different use-cases.  It has it's strengths and weaknesses as a payment network (and about to be outdone in some ways by it's own payment revolution that it has arguably kicked-off. . . apple, paypal, google, CC's, etc.); but it is not even debatable whether it is currently acting as a payment network.  It is.  What is yet to come is it's split from fiat as the unit of account, and the subsequent virtuous cycle of purchasing power stability.
@_date: 2014-09-23 23:08:26
What? I'm not sure you understood my comment.
@_date: 2014-05-31 03:37:32
Separating money profits from other kinds of value derived, is one of the fundamental mistakes of the economics of the legacy system.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:31:03
As disgusting as the whole thing is; you seem illogically attached to the idea of caging people who merely view the images (or unintentionally download or are spammed with images) rather than seeking justice and restitution for the children who were actually forced, harmed, manipulated, and violated into doing the bidding of the heinous people who actually create the stuff.
We need not criminalize the existence of disagreeable content; but rather, double-down on efforts to actually free and protect children from abusive situations.
Your thinking on this is as muddled as those who try to ban guns, or alcohol, or drugs.  The thinking (which has been proven false by all sound economic theory, and loads of historical evidence) suggests that we merely end up caging a lot of rather harmless or hapless individuals; just so that we can feel warm and fuzzy. . . as if we've "deterred" crime.  All the while our "justice" systems completely neglect restitution of victims;  the masses just want to see blood, apparently.  That's why they're so infatuated with criminal prosecution, and have little interest in civil suits and common (or common sense) law and justice.
So take your fallacies somewhere else, like where logic and [scientific]( rigor have been banned.  No need to ban anything other than actual violence, theft, or fraud against human beings.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:06:46
Much of what you say is true, yet you lack the insight to see that the very contradiction to your conclusion is in your description of the state.  The state is an institution which provides services wanted or needed by individuals in society.  It's all about time preference.  People don't want to wait for voluntary, decentralized institutions to form, to perform the roles of such crucial things as arbitration, defense, security, financial regulation, etc.  It is a technological and economic problem as much or more than it is a political or philosophical one.  Each technology that allows people to achieve their ends without a state or centralized institution, as cheaply or more cheaply than before, will lure people to use that technology, and render the legacy system obsolete.  People will not be, and don't need to be consciously aware of their choices towards statelessness, in order for the old system to slowly be replaced by the newer, more voluntary ones.  Which is why you don't even recognize what the printing press was, the internet is, what local production of green energy is, what cryptocurrency is, what airbnb is, what uber is, what 3D printing is, what the trend towards decentralization is which is happening all over.  Decentralization produces, inherently, less conflict over scarce resources, and thus more harmony, more wealth creation, more freedom.  Decentralization is not most people's first choice because it is initially more expensive and gradual in it's development than a blunt tool like a centralized command and punishment structure.
It's a slow process.  Nobody ought to be saying that bitcoin is a bullet-proof escape from the state.  But it also can't be underestimated how even a minor break from the state-system of something as important and all-consuming as money will be for future generations.  Statelessness is not anarchy, but it's an important step, and much good will come of it and is already coming of it.
Or you could, you know, just keep thinking that bitcoin is a great way to out-compete Western Union.
@_date: 2014-05-10 02:11:30
A long time ago (in bitcoin time) there was a service just like this called  bitcointorrentz.com
I was sad when it disappeared.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:44:11
You're right, and I didn't mean to sound so pessimistic towards services like built on top of bitcoin (and to enhance bitcoin) in general.  
I'm just pretty certain that people who think that they want decreased volatility *at this point in bitcoin's development* are going to find that they change their minds and/or lose out on some opportunity.
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:29:06
In crypto we trust.  I may be a fan of these peoples' ideas; but I do not place my trust in the person, nor do I want any person's likeness or effigy on my money.
@_date: 2014-10-10 23:11:08
[There are four lights!](
@_date: 2014-10-30 23:44:12
minus the "forging a new empire" part  (-:
@_date: 2014-04-18 00:50:39
Not surprising; but it's still so sad to see that journalists don't have any understanding of the reasons why the bitcoin ecosystem has been so fragile and centralized around a few institutions like Mt. Gox.  
Nobody wants to even acknowledge the economics of what the state and it's cost-floors, rent seeking, tax/regulatory uncertainty, and regulatory interferences (such as FinCen's "guidelines") have had on the maket's incentives to invest, ability to regulate, and competitively prune to a healthy eco-system.  If you don't understand this from an economics perspective; at least try to imagine what might be standing in entrepreneur's way of creating profitable deposit insurance or security/auditing firms for bitcoin exchanges. . . you just might come to realize what entity is really holding back progress and legitimacy, and consumer protection.
Furthermore, everyone has been nearly silent on the topic of what involvement the Feds may have played in the start of and continuation of Mt. Gox's trouble.  I'm sorry;  they were seizing coins and persecuting anyone and anything having the slightest connection to Silk Road.  And what's this gag-order Karpeles is/was under?  The whole story is still so fishy, it is beyond comprehension that people are not primarily mistrusting of the U.S. government's involvement in all this, and secondarily frothing-at-the-mouth mad at Karpeles.
@_date: 2014-03-12 05:52:14
There was never that.  Hence Gox.
@_date: 2014-07-24 02:51:26


I greatly value the lives saved and resources not squandered by there having been a safe, anonymous marketplace in which people could buy products which I've never used, I'll probably never use; instead of those transactions happening on the street.
But hey, I'm just crazy.  Yay war on drugs!  Yay jailing people for victimless crimes!  Yay gang violence!  /s
If people had half a brain and a conscience, they would have bought the shit out of bitcoin years ago, just for the fact that it could enable that kind of peacemaking that Silk Road exhibited.
Go to hell with the rest of your state worshipping peers.  I and many other people will fight you to our dying breath.  You are the antithesis of humanity, and I literally have no higher goal to live for or value in this life than seeing your system fail. 
@_date: 2014-09-23 01:37:55
Exactly.  If their understanding of the value and benefits of bitcoin is this shallow. . . if it is limited to its value as a payment network; bitcoin may not be demanded sufficiently, and may fail to achieve unit-of-account currency status.  I never placed much importance or priority on bitcoin as a payment system.  I'm fairly certain that apple and Visa and google and others will be able to easily outperform bitcoin in the near future, along many fronts, such as micropayments, transaction fees, user-side security, etc.  This is the shallow understanding of the value of the technology.
Fortunately, people do and will value bitcoin for a whole range of other reasons. . . perhaps some of those reasons being out of your scope of understanding.  Preaching keynesian demand-side nonsense is not going to change things much either way.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:24:17
I gave the submission a +1 in the first place, even before you did that. . . .it really is a very spot-on assessment; and I really like all of your writing and appreciate what you add to the community.
I don't doubt that myself and others like me have frequently barked up the wrong tree while trying valiantly pursue evil. . . despite the fact that avoiding inconsistency is at the core of our philosophy. 
I appreciate you taking the time to understand the nuance, and leave the generalization out.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:47:23
Sorry, but I think you are being fooled by the subtleties.  Sure, they're going to ask for concessions on a few things, that they know are going to make it ridiculous for even them to comply.  Each company has a different threshold; they need to get the regulations just right so that their operations right now can comply; but kick out enough lower rungs of the ladder for upstarts. . . I mean, let's face it, the proposed regulations aren't just draconian; they're like a bad joke.  They need to fight some of it; but they know they'll benefit from the bulk of it.
You see, the tone than their letter strikes to this smug bully sitting in an office across two oceans and in different jurisdictions. .. it is simultaneously: pathetic cowering, calculated manipulation, and most importantly, tacit acceptance of and submission to Ben Lawsky's legitimacy to impose his impetuous rules across such a far reaching swath of the worldwide bitcoin economy.  They are very purposefully legitimizing the bulk of the garbage that is coming out of Lawsky's office and the very real effect that it is going to have on smaller competitors of theirs.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:39:21
The planet can best be taken care of by careful governmental planning and regulations of the corporations which polute our world. . . just like we did in the 70's; which is why you now enjoy clean water and air.  Nobody's forcing you to buy stuff.  Inflation is minimal anyways.  Quit listening to quacks about hyperinflation.
Cryptocurrencies could be programmed with built in demurrage, just like Freicoin.  But in the end, it's going to take a government who can control the money supply as necessarily based on new information.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:07:56
And that's just viewing the problem through the lense of; all the bad things governments are doing, as being isolated, unrelated bugs in the system.
Imagine if more people understood economics and particularly the problems of economic calculation by a central hierarchy....
We might actually have a chance of ridding the world of this monstrous institution.
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:53:43
Thanks.  Makes sense.   
@_date: 2014-03-18 11:44:47
BAN ALL THE THINGS!
@_date: 2014-07-02 17:04:33
Yes, and hatred of the petrodollar.  You can bet that Putin is aware of the recent interest out of Kuwait in using bitcoin, instead of the dollar for oil.
The US has long overplayed its hand with its reserve currency and the US-sanctioned and oil trading countries of the world are going to discover an exit strategy in bitcoin sooner or later.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:37:40
Can you elaborate on what CEX.io does that is illegal and how unintended consequences of gov't regulation affect it?
Genuinely curious.  Never heard this perspective on them before.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:29:27
Bitcoin most certainly is, and will cause a rift in our society; but the divide will be far more subtle than along the left/right or even the libertarian/statist lines.  
Bitcoin is a counter-economic tool, meaning that it intentionally slips under the ideology radar.  As amazed as I often am at how blind many state-worshippers can be to the necessarily contradictory power which bitcoin has against the state; one does not need to change their ideology in order to be enticed by, and find value in using bitcoin.
That's the point of agorism; not to destroy the state, but to build better solutions to societal needs, in spite of the state, and in the shell of it's crumbling institutions.  If you build it, they will come.  We are building bitcoin.  We are building a better monetary and payment system.  We will build better systems of law, and property as well, with DACs and other blockchain-based technologies.  We will render the state simply obsolete.
It is because of bitcoin and other counter-economic solutions, that society has the greatest chance of changing the way things are WITHOUT having to resort to violent revolution.
@_date: 2014-11-18 20:27:20
The network already runs, currently, with many nodes running on software other than Satoshi-client.  There is not necessarily a hard-fork; so long as the nodes are all following the aspects of the protocol which do not produce alternate chains.  I'm neither suggesting that forking is or isn't needed.  I am suggesting that, partially in order to avoid a fork, every node operator and miner needs to take a very long look at the code of any update, and let it go through a lengthy vetting process with the community. . . especially if and when **any** development project uses some kind of crisis (perceived or real) to push the "necessity" of updating.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:33:07


Not necessarily.  Statism is a miniscule portion of the totality of known and discussed philosophy.  Unfortunately, it is the most prevalent philosophy among the current population of the world; who tend to see the narrow spectrums of beliefs within statism as being the near totality of possible ideologies, when in fact so much exists outside the bounds of using territorial monopolies on aggression as the dominant institution in society.  A statist subscribes to the idea that a territorial monopoly on the use of force is the best, and sometimes only way to achieve the ends of the individuals in society (or their view of society as a collective).  Some libertarians are statist.  You could be any number of things and not be a statist. . . it's a big world of ideas out there.


I do too!  But I do (at this point) not so much because of any immediate advantages that being my own bitcoin bank confers upon me, but rather mostly due to my ideological convictions of the future beneficial results and much more fundamental changes which bitcoin can help bring about.  Let's face it; most people don't get hit by that many fees from their banks, and in return, get a lot of value in terms of safe, insured, keeping of their wealth and a robust payment network (don't get me wrong. . .I have my beefs too with the modern banking system. . .but they are miniscule compared with the wider issues facing society).


Again. . . yay, it's a cheaper payment network.  Now for people in poorer countries, especially those who rely on remittances. . . this could become a pretty big deal.  But for those in the first world (like the commentator in the posted video), it is hardly worth the effort right now (to learn about bitcoin, and go through the trouble of figuring out how to hold and secure it), over the higher fees of a Western Union. . . it's a cost-convenience trade-off, that, right now still leaves most people favoring the higher costs of western union and traditional bank transfers.  As governments get their hands on bitcoin businesses who compete with the Western Unions. . . the regulations (and thus costs) are going to ramp up;  by the time bitcoin replaces western union as a ubiquitous and user-friendly way to make international remittances. . . the costs are not going to be much lower than western union is now.  
My point is:  You have to have a certain ideological conviction about (at the very least) how disruptive bitcoin will be to the banking sector (which in most countries are simply the financial arms of fascist or socialist governments), and the necessary bypassing of that system (including KYC and other MSB regulations) which bitcoin enables; in order to reasonably derive present value from it.
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:35:39
It lowers nominal wages. . . not necessarily real wages (i.e. purchasing power)
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:51:47
"Gophers" is exactly right.  They don't mention the reasons why there's little competition for ISP's and why it's so expensive in the first place.  Which leads the uncritical mind to blindly rage for more legislation, more regulation to fix it; instead of removing the primary regulations which caused the problem in the first place.
This happens all over the place, including with bitcoin.  The masses (even here) get all riled up about the fraud and theft and goxings going on, and frothing at the mouth for regulation and legitimacy. . . . ignoring completely the primary interventions like the classifying of bitcoin businesses as MSB's, which have caused a lot of the problems and lack of competition (especially in the bitcoin exchange industry) leading to these massive failures and embarrassing bankruptcies and frauds.   Not to even mention the more fundamental impact that the very presence of a coercive monopoly (the state) has upon the creation of regime uncertainty among already skiddish entrepreneurs and investors.  
And let's not forget that if government courts and police are unwilling and/or unable to track, try, prosecute, and protect the property rights of bitcoin holders (and they have shown that they aren't; thus corruption and fraud are overproduced in the bitcoin space as compared to the fiat space); then government needs to relinquish their monopoly on the provision of law, courts, and policing.  But they haven't and they wont.  So let's not blame government. . . let's blame bitcoin instead, right?
Anyone want to take a guess at what really caused the 2008 economic crash?  Hint:  deregulation was a part of it, but primary governmental interventions were never removed. . . only the secondary and tertiary ones which partially alleviated the ills caused by the primary.
Damn statism is such a fucking stupid and blinding religion.  It's as if considering nuance and any abstract thinking are sins, and eschewing of sciences which come to non-straightforward or paradoxical conclusions is the ultimate good.  
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:35:10
Who's track?
@_date: 2014-10-10 20:03:39
Math is treason in the empire of lies.
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:11:11
Unless you're trying to start a bitcoin business, or comply with tax code and MSB requirements....then I'm afraid the U.K. looks pretty friendly.
There's a disproportionate concentration of bitcoiners, full nodes, and venture capital in the U.S., so it shouldn't be surprising that the Circles and Coinbase of the world still managed to start up in the u.s. first rather than elsewhere, but there is also a reason why mt. Gox had little competition and no major u.s.-based competition before it failed spectacularly with way too much of the market share: it is far more costly and uncertain to start a business in the u.s.'s political, regulatory, and tax environment,  than it is almost anywhere else on earth.
As a capital asset, there is no way for the average user here to actually go about using bitcoin as an everyday money, and possibly be in compliance with the reporting and tax requirements of the IRS. Rest assured, they will be making examples out of people here and driving investment to other shores (not to even mention what regulatory frameworks like the NYDFS's are going to do).
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:58:18
Because the U.N. will save them!
 Congrats, you've just helped me, once again, show that people here will upvote just about any semi-random string of statist talking points, logical fallacies, and populist drivel.
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:51:24


Exactly.  This is how and why bitcoin will gain a significant liquidity pool, and it is an example of how markets equilibrate.  
With nearly everyone saving their bitcoin and spending their fiat, there becomes less and less bitcoin in circulation, chasing the existing pool of goods and services...there are opposing forces at work here: people want to save because they believe (but don't know for sure) that they will be able to buy more tomorrow with that same coin; but they have also already saved a coin which is now capable of buying them more of what they want, so they are incentivized to spend.  The higher the purchasing power of bitcoin goes, the more incentive the holders have to spend it.  
Those who don't yet own bitcoin will demand this money highly because they believe (but don't know for sure) that it is going to enable them to increase their purchasing power over time.  Thus demand for bitcoin is maintained.  The higher the purchasing power of bitcoin goes, the more incentive they have to cease or limit the spending of their fiat on other goods and services (which they believe they will be able to get less and less of over time), and instead spend it on bitcoin.
As hodlers begin dishoarding, they increase the number of bitcoins chasing the existing pool of goods and services, and thus the purchasing power of a bitcoin decreases.
@_date: 2014-10-12 23:03:57
Uh huh.  And here in exhibit A, we have the classic example of the statist with the giant blind spot for the activities of the state and it's effects.
Look, if you think that "private" means anything in this context...then I've got a Patriot Act to sell you, and some freedom fries to throw in on the side....you know, if we're placing stock in names rather than actions, sources, incentives, and motives. 
The fed was created by an act of Congress and is upheld and maintained by government force and coercive monopolization of money.  And claims of their independence from politics and political pressure are highly overstated.
You probably believe that the prison industrial complex is an outcome of private firms in a market too, don't you? 
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:29:55
Yay!  A quick buck for us at the expense of people being able to do peaceful activities without the threat of a swat team kicking down their door.  Yay for legitimacy!
@_date: 2014-01-16 06:41:45
Banks, so long as they don't use violence or threat of violence to change peoples' behavior, are on equal footing in bitcoin as everyone else.  I welcome their money.  
Again, absent the use of force or fraud, they can only build infrastructure, and buy or sell bitcoin.  People are free to use or not use their services, or sell to or buy from the banks; as they please and as banks create value for them.
I have yet to see any banks use force or fraud on people (as a general practice), on their own. . . only through government.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:18:06
And it goes beyond the necessary incentive to secure the network.  Even if a distributed cryptographic asset ledger was able to somehow be secured without the mining process, the asset or unit on this ledger that has all the other properties of bitcoin, has utility as money (among other uses), and thus will be valued, and therefore traded, and a price develops.  You actually really can't stop that process of subjective valuation and price discovery.  You cannot separate the monetary utility of bitcoin from Bitcoin, thus you are unlikely to see a clone of bitcoin or any similar blockchain which does not follow a similar path to Bitcoin's, where it tends towards development from a scarce commodity, to a liquid currency or even to a money (if it can gain that network effect and market saturation in some sphere). 
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:47:47
Once again, conspiracy theory and doomsday prophecy.
Laws prevent crimes from happening all the time. .  .you just don't see it, because the law prevented it!  You should try running a business in Somalia where there are few laws that are enforced.  You will be stolen from and probably be beaten by the first set of thugs who come along, and there will be no police to stop it or get your stuff back or protect you.
@_date: 2014-07-24 03:32:47
There's a time in a child's life, past which if he or she still has not learned to not hit. . . there is no excuse, and no concessions to be made.
In the context of well-informed internet society, and within a certain age-range, there is no longer any excuse to not be aware of the economics of central control, and the reasons why initiation of violence should be eschewed, and and free markets embraced at all costs, for the sustainability of society.
Are you a child, or a very aged person?  Is this your first time on the internet?  If not, you deserve the same contempt I have already shown, for suggesting that saving human life is not, by itself, an urgent reason for civilized people to embrace bitcoin, and detractors to be ostracized, just as we would common thieves or child abusers.
@_date: 2014-04-16 03:58:38
( :
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:41:59
For what it's worth, I agree with you completely on this and can tell that my post was somewhat poorly  worded and may have given the wrong impression. 
@_date: 2014-10-19 03:42:38
But yes, for what it's worth, Bitcoin definitely has its own law and regulation, and is in affect, itself, a form of stateless voluntary law.  And while I'm not certain about the nitty gritty details of your thought experiment; I'm really glad to see people understanding law more in this context, and separating it from being just the purview of the state.
Usually I'm the one ranting and raving about the importance of the wider concept and big picture. . . but I decided to harp on a technicality this time. . . just to see how the other half lives.  I felt unsettled, so had to at least follow up with this :-p
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:02:23


Does it though?  Do you think that the masses (especially masses of apple fan-people) necessarily have the same value-set as many of us bitcoiners?  Such that they will not jump on what will undoubtedly be a very polished and easy-to-use payments system?
Despite the fairly obvious security voids in NFC, I'm not sure why you think that (given the actual use-case for your average non-technical person trying to securely store bitcoin), that the problems with NFC are necessarily any more insurmountable than the practical problems of making bitcoin wallets easily securable for your mum or grandmother.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:09:46
Conspiracy theory.  No evidence.
Plenty of European countries have very high taxes and a very high standard of living.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:11:12
Yeah, the drama that gets unleashed each time is a popcorn bucket event for me.  It's basically my Superbowl since I hate watching sports.
I want to believe that investors are becoming more wisened, but the level of chicken-little-stupid just gets more entertaining each time.
@_date: 2014-04-23 06:46:06
As long as you assure us.
@_date: 2014-07-31 05:44:43
But since every product or service that I know of, sold for bitcoin, is actually priced in USD....bitcoin essentially has only one price (a dollar price..or other fiat of course...but you know, arbitrage and all make that mostly irrelevant).  Therefore, of what use or validity is there in measuring bitcoin price inflation?  
Really, monetary base inflation is the only metric that can even be somewhat objectively measured.  Increased demand and adoption are most likely what put bitcoin's dollar price on an overall upward trend...even as the units of currency increase (though, of course it could be that so many units have been lost, and so many hoarded out of circulation that the monetary base is indeed deflating and exerting that vector on the price...but neither you nor I can measure that with any certainty).
Trying to measure price inflation of any currency is at best arbitrary, and trying to call all increases in price "inflation" just obfuscates the more poignant use of the term and its implications on society.
@_date: 2014-10-22 04:22:50
Do pedestrians "oppose" a turd on the sidewalk?  Or do they merely route around it in disgust.
I'm happy for those who felt compelled to formally voice their objections in the comment period. . .if only so that no one from the outside can legitimately say that we didn't give their precious legal system its due respect, before that legal system waltzes up like a mangy stray and takes a shit in front of our path. . .and we subsequently ignore it.  
There is no excuse for any onlooker to now see the regulatory animal the've kept as their pet, as anything other than a nuisance to peace, prosperity, reason, fairness, and public health.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:52:13
Ya'll are like ninja warriors against these strawmen that you've built.
Let me tell you right now, it an impressive display. 
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:47:57
And this is one reason why most people are not anarchists. . . they forget that the road to hell is paved with good intentions (and bad economics).
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:13:30
In an alternate universe, where gold and silver are money, bitcoin still offers benefits, including the lack of counter-party risk, and much more efficient and speedy transactions of the underlying unit than gold and silver. . .not to even get into the ability to do some basic smart contracts and multisig and all the amazing scriptable/programmable things a crypto currency can do, built right into your money.
No, bitcoin does not stand solely on the failures of government fiat. . . it has advantages which precious metals don't. . .advantages which are likely to empower it to avoid the demise which gold suffered at the hands of the state.  That is powerful money.
In an alternate universe with gold and silver in circulation as currency, bitcoin would still be competition to that system, and would be "utilizing the non-government money to establish itself"
Now, in terms of the current inequality of bitcoin distribution:  I have a hard time believing that I need to lecture you on the subject. . . .but you do seem to be worrying about it.  Maybe I'm not understanding your point?  And anyway, do you believe that it is fiat-wealthy people who are the current "millionaires" in bitcoin?  I don't think that's the case.  The coins which the U.S. government stole, they have auctioned off.  The wall-street investors. . . these whales (if you believe they are indeed on the scene already), were not buying or mining bitcoin in the early days.  No, I don't believe that the distribution right now, runs anywhere along the lines of fiat rich becoming bitcoin rich and fiat poor being bit-poor.  
The real promise of bitcoin, if it can indeed overcome the hurdles necessary to actually circulate as money; is the promise of severely weakening the state.  Just taking the population's everyday money out of the hands of the state, will begin to counteract the inequality-producing forces which exist because of the nature of the fiat system.  That alone, seems to me to be enough of a reason to not worry whether the initial bitcoin distribution is heavy to the side of previously fiat rich individuals.  The money vectors will be better than they are now.
Now, all that said; there is (I believe) a longer road ahead than most people think, in order for bitcoin to actually circulate as money (not to mention years before the rate of coin creation slows enough to consider bitcoin a deflationary money).  If you have a moment and are interested, I will link you to my thoughts on bitcoin's moneyness and the austrian arguments against it [here](
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:32:11
Nope.  No they are not.  You just made that up.  Here's another example:  You are drowning, but there's a boat a few feet away.  If you grab on to the boat, you can save yourself.  You don't own the boat, and the owner is telling you that you may not grab onto or board his boat.  Would you anyways?  Yes you would.  If the boat owner proceeded to try to throw you off where you would drown, you would fight back or threaten or coerce the owner into submission or to letting you stay on the boat.
You support coercion against people.
@_date: 2014-07-31 08:22:57




Sure. And the fact that people voluntarily enter the bitcoin contract; so there is necessarily more knowledge among the user base and investor.  And as you said, there's really no predicting what a central bank or government will do next to the money supply.
That said, I'm not one who thinks that simply the devaluation of the USD and the defacto transfer of wealth that it produces, alone, is the only bad effect of fiat money manipulations.  As we've seen with many western nations, a complex economy can survive, even thrive, for quite a while under this system (but would of course be much better still, without the above mentioned effects).  So, I'm not to concerned that the inflation itself will disrupt the growing bitcoin economy too much (in fact, I think we're seeing the worst of it at this stage; i.e. possible over-production of hash power at the moment) nor am I worried about bitcoin inflation creating a permanently privileged class; unlike the politically controlled release of new units of fiat currency.  
I can think of no better way in which to generate and distribute units of a completely new currency/commodity than how Satoshi developed it; so I'm not too critical of the process itself. . . perhaps a necessary evil?  But that leaves no excuse for an already saturated currency marketplace, to have to print more units of their fiat money (other than irrational fear of price deflation, and/or keynesian brainwashing).
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:11:56
Not looking forward to 1Q '15
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:57:30
People will use more anonymous exchanges for a lot of reasons (including that they think they are going to avoid paying their fair share of taxes), and that's why more regulation is necessary.  Better enforcement will bring these exchanges under control, then there won't be shady places scamming people out of their money, and there will be an even playing field of well regulated businesses providing a service to the public.
Maybe the current regulations aren't great; but there needs to be some way of tracking people, so that they can't just launder money anywhere and hurt people, or buy off politicians.  In fact a lot of this problem with the regulations has to do with money in politics; revolving doors and regulatory capture.  We need to get money out of politics like they do much better in Europe, then there wouldn't be so much of an issue with bad regulations that favor big corporations, who just buy off politicians.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:39:00
I know!  Who still believes in that old hokey religion?  The worship of authority figures and the belief that certain people must be given moral license to do things that would be a crime for anyone else to do, in order to not have chaos. . . is disgusting and antithetical to modern, rational society.
@_date: 2014-12-20 10:02:10
Actually it's $1.50.  I'm thinking even less than that on a regular basis is enough for a single comment, in order to create a small, but consistent push towards better incentives in the system globally. . .and large enough not to offend most sensibilities.
@_date: 2014-05-10 10:16:04
It will be correctly noted that the SEC does not equal the entirety of the U.S. federal government.  To be sure, most governments are not monolithic entities with one goal or set of goals in mind.  It is equally true that various governments have acted with varying degrees of hostility and openness towards bitcoin.  To be sure, there are a ton of variables, and it is nearly impossible to pinpoint the most potent factors.  However, it should be fairly clear that a largely friendly country like Germany has less at stake to their monetary system, than a country like the U.S. has.
Nevertheless, it is really interesting to see how thoroughly some people still have themselves deluded as to what government's overall and ultimate reaction to cryptocurrencies will be.  Despite department after department, branch after branch, of (at least the u.s.) government showing at the very least, distrust, and at worst open hostility towards bitcoin. . . what exactly is it that gives some people the impression that bitcoin is and can be anything other than antithetical to the existence of monopoly governments and nation states as we know them?
You have to be truly naive to not read between the lines of these kinds of statements by the SEC and others, and to take them at face value.
If you value bitcoin, but see the government as a necessary, though often fallible, institution in society; consider for a second how hostile governments have been from the outset.  Consider that (although they have the power to do much worse than they have thus far done to stifle bitcoin) they tend to encroach upon things gradually, allowing people to become comfortable with the idea of their presence and little by little becoming more tyrannical.  This benefits them and their credibility, gaining them far more, in the long run, than simply squashing things they don't like.  
Consider what your line in the sand is;  is a government still legitimate to you no matter what they do?  Is there a point which they should not cross, in your mind?  Is there a set of circumstances surrounding their treatment of cryptocurrencies which will trigger in you a change in stance towards your government; from one of believing it moral and necessary to work within the system to change the system; to one of realizing that the prior method is ineffective and/or that you are morally justified in opposing it in extra-legal ways?
Given the myriad theoretical reasonings for why governments will necessarily fight cryptocurrency, and all the empirical evidence so far; what is the thought process of the statist bitcoiner at this point?
EDIT:  my curiosity lies in the fact that I have been saying, from very early on, that governments would oppose bitcoin, and that bitcoin is particularly dangerous (should it gain a large market share) to monetary policy, thus the central banks would also oppose it.  . . .and that that suggestion has been met with some healthy skepticism, but mostly with vitriol and claims of my delusion; yet with each statement or action by government, each more damaging or hostile than the previous, it only becomes clearer that my theoretical constructs of the nature of the state and of bitcoin have merit. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:05:57
Utuxia: 's creative, more refined troll.  Who I also think is a double-agent.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:08:13
That really hurts man. . . cause you're the only troll who I feed.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:21:29


Yes, anyone can, but no one is.  That's my point.
In practice, Gavin and a few others  have the sole trust of the community, and whatever they deem necessary to push through (including any changes to core protocol, not just the client) will simply be mimicked by the other implementations (such as bitcoinj).
I don't mistrust Gavin or any of the other usual contributors. . . I'm simply very skeptical of the fact that there aren't several factions of "core developers" who are at least slightly at odds, and engaged in competition for the minds of the bitcoin community at large.  If people really understood and took seriously how conservatively any changes to the protocol should be approached. . .there would be great debates occurring over the code of any proposed changes, and the rollout of updates taking place over many alternative opinions, from experienced people and teams offering their version. The users and miners understand the implications of hard-forking and thus would wait much longer periods, for these debates to come down to very small minutia, before updating and having assurances that everyone else was going to do the same.  That would be a much less vulnerable situation.  
The fact that there's so much push-back against this idea, whenever I bring it up, shows that few, even in the bitcoin community, really understand decentralization, and how powerful bitcoin as a technology is.
@_date: 2014-09-10 17:57:47


Well, without even getting into the nitty gritty of the market mechanisms of competition. . . surely you don't believe that the production of food, or clothes or electronics, or anything else you've come to associate as not being a government service....surely you don't believe that these things would be produced in better qualities, at lower costs, and more efficiently, if there were only one firm monopolizing each of those spaces?  Let me know if you do indeed believe that for some reason, and we can go into the logic and economic data showing why that's not likely to be the case for most goods and services.  Otherwise, it seems to be incumbent upon anyone who wants government to monopolize the goods and services which it does, to explain what they think is magically different about those things.  Food and electronics and many many other things are produced for society, largely without the state interfering, and do so without any kind of central plan, central control, etc.  That's what prices are:  they are signals to producers, entrepreneurs, and customers, which provide a great deal of information. . . information which coordinates the best and most efficient usage of society's scarce resources, and which has allowed the abundance of these goods to be available to us, in a very affordable way, in all kinds of permutations and levels of quality to suit peoples' needs and budgets.  Manufacturers coordinated with suppliers and miners, retailers and wholesalers all matched up with their stocks of goods all along the supply chain. . .Again, all done in a very organized and widely available to all income levels, without bureaucracy, central planning.  No one must buy any firm's product or service.  Anyone is welcome to develop and make their own goods, or grow their own food (which many do!).  Anyone is welcome to use whichever service or buy whichever good they want to, and switch to a different provider whenever they want to (or willingly sign a contract to stick with a particular firm for a particular amount of time. . . unlike the "social contract" which binds us to one producer for our whole lives, and to finance and support it no matter what it does or how bad its product is. . .giving us only the illusion of control by allowing us to vote at relatively long intervals, and for candidates which have no intention nor ability to radically change things for the better. .. plus, even if things can be changed for the "better" by voting, one size never fits all, "better" for you, might have just become much worse for other people).  Governments produce basically one solution for any given societal need or problem.  Markets don't just cater to the super rich or to the "mainstream" middle-class or just produce the cheapest goods possible. . . .they produce an array of solutions to fit nearly every interest group and socio-economic class out there.  Prices coordinate all of this:  demand, supply, and also opportunity cost.
How could anyone possibly think that a monopoly in anything, will produce that thing with better results than an open and free market?  You don't have to be able to wrap your head around how it would play out, in order for it to work.  Society and economies are far to complex, such that no entity, no matter how intelligent or how well-meaning, can or should organize them.  Peasants in soviet times often wondered at how people in the west could get fed, because western governments did not control the production of food and did not dole it out.  They could not conceive of the fact that no single entity had control over this market for food, and how prices coordinated it all in a societally beneficial manner.  And yet, it does in fact all come together; in a complex web of suppliers and providers, producers and consumers; which leaves us with the enviable problem of, if anything, having too much food.  There is nothing magical about police work or law enforcement which renders it incompatible with market processes.  It's not even a public good.  It's very excludable and very rivalrous.  Instead, we choose to give a group of people, in blue costumes; nearly complete discretion and power and authority over our lives. . . we legally and morally sanction them to be above the law and to do things to other people that would normally be considered a crime if anyone else did them. . . and we wonder where things went wrong?!!


Hear, hear!  Everyone is stupid except me too!  I feel ya.  Two problems. . . Just about all of those people also think that everyone but them is stupid and they don't trust the rest of us to make good decisions. . . who gets to say who makes decisions for themselves?  Who gets to say who makes decisions for other people?  Problem two, if indeed people in general are too stupid to make wise decisions; then the very concept of democratic government could never ever possibly work, and we'd better find out who the monarch or technocracy should be over society, real quick.  Also, any and all markets for goods and services which are largely a product of peoples' free decisions. . . would obviously have collapsed into chaos by now.  There would be no food on the shelves of grocery stores, we would not have these amazing computing and electronic devices (I might add: much of these things, largely standardized, where beneficial. . . all without government creating standards, or forcing all these competing entities to come together to create standards and protocols).
Voting (whether for a representative or a direct-democratic decision) is such an insanely terrible way in which to determine things for all of society, as compared to the emergent coordination of a market of free people.  I encourage you to do further reading on this to understand why I say this:
[Bryan Caplan's "The Myth of the Rational Voter"](
[Patri Friedman destroys democracy in 2 minutes](
[excerpts from Michael Huemer's "The Problem of Political Authority"](  Look into getting the book if any of this piques your interest.  
A [couple]( of [examples]( of ways in which decentralized voluntary production of both law and enforcement of it, could come about and exist.
@_date: 2014-10-03 08:00:59


Bitcoin and *it's* blockchain are one and the same.  Bitcoin and other blockchains or blockchain technology in general are, of course, not the same.
The man in the video made claims to the effect that Bitcoin (the blockchain that is currently called "the bitcoin blockchain") could be and would be useful only if we separated it from bitcoin the money.  This is a dangerous myth circulating, that is all too well fueled by widely existing misconceptions within the bitcoin space.  Not only are these two things inseparable, but, even if by some twist of the nature of the universe they were separable; the power and usefulness of blockchain technology (though profoundly powerful in other ways besides money) is massively diminished if we don't ever use this technology to free money from the state and decentralize it.


I agree.  I'm really not sure where our misunderstandings are stemming from, but I will apologize as well if my posts are not concise or clear.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:10:21
Exactly, but they won't even invest it so long as the price is going up.
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:31:02
You don't have to be an anarchist in order to make wise decisions.  That's why bitcoin can succeed in doing what I claim is in it's nature, even if nobody forsakes their state religion.
But the overall entrepreneurial focus surrounding bitcoin has gotten derailed (for lack of a better term), and seems set upon diverting all the communities resources and brains towards somewhat narrow-minded ends.  Better payment networks are mundane, and it is inevitable that centralized systems catch up with and overtake any of the advantages that bitcoin does have on the current ones.  It's really not that hard for them, and bitcoin may just be it's own worst enemy in that sense. . . kicking off a payments race.  What is not mundane, is changing the very structure of society, by creating ways for people to opt out of existing structures; introducing competition in governance, if even in a small way.
I write the way I do, because, although I do not expect to be able to balance out the new bitcoin culture with early adopter/crypto-anarchist perspective; I do intend to serve as a much needed reminder for the few that will take note, and possibly affect a change of course in even a few developers or entrepreneurs . . .who just might have the something click in their heads, and gain a sense of a far bigger picture and more powerful use of bitcoin.  
tl;dr    do what you deem best.
@_date: 2014-03-09 03:21:01
Dangling prepositions ain't legal, fool!
@_date: 2014-09-25 03:39:46
And I went on to methodically and painstakingly show reason and evidence for why I claimed that.  
You on the other hand, replied with a quip.  Your whole worldview is bereft of logic, evidence and empathy for your fellow man, who are being tormented and slaughtered by your irrational belief in the state god.
@_date: 2014-04-21 05:05:11
I would use a word processor.  Bitcoin is better for transferring value.
But seriously.  Try the veal.
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:49:09
Exactly.  ^ most important comment here. 
 Bitcoin is not yet fulfilling it's highest potentials precisely because it is not yet a money (with this all-important unit of account status).  If/when it does, a lot of people here are going to be very surprised at what bitcoin is really valuable for.  Hint: it isn't just as competition for paypal, apple, and banks.
@_date: 2014-03-23 21:27:57
Just like government's primary interventions allowing nothing but a few centralized exchanges to operate (such as mtgox), the State's prior and current involvement in the energy sector (regulations and price controls...yes even post-"deregulation"), has left an electrical grid also modeled in it's own image:  centralized, no redundancy, fragile.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:31:13
I'll bet those arguments were top notch; from a great depth of understanding. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:38:20
If bitcoin exchanges do indeed need a special set of state regulations in order to adequately protect consumers; it is only due to the stagnating and competition-stifling interventions and regulations which have already been bearing down on the industry (bank persecutions, regulatory uncertainty/fear, MSB compliance costs, taxes, and more)
When will people learn to recognize the damage of the primary interventions into markets, which "necessitate" further interference?
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:55:00
true dat.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:38:23
Well said!  And let me just clarify that I mostly posted the Comcast thing as an example of the type of innovation and creativity that we see and that we have to perpetually fight against, when there's power for money to go after and money for power to go after. (i.e. we can ban direct bribes or certain contributions. . . then companies will just wink wink, keep a lucrative position open when the politician's career ends, etc.  Ban that, and they will just find other ways of getting what they want.  We cannot ultimately stop people who are wealthier than us, from capturing the power that we lay on the table. . . but we can stop laying so much power on the table).
1 mBTC
edit: added a sentence
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:04:00
Thanks!  
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:22:19
Good for you.  I should probably be more quiet on this sub and let Bitcoin do it's thing that it is going to do with or without me. . . but sometimes I let this kind of stupidity get my goat and I feel the need to say something.
@_date: 2014-01-16 05:48:19
If you assume that the decentralized currency stands alone as the supply of money in an economy, and that a market of freely competing currencies has no mechanism for responding to supply and demand shocks. . . .then, yes.
@_date: 2014-02-15 05:48:36
People who write about libertarian philosophy/political-economy and don't really understand it at all, are as prolific as people who write about bitcoin and don't really understand it at all.
Typically, the less they know, the more loudly they denounce it.
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:13:12
It seems obvious (though I wouldn't claim to have ideas on the specifics) that blockchain technology will serve to provide a much more fundamentally secure computing foundation than current centralized OS models (including linux).  Additionally, the monetizing of data which cryptocurrencies are bringing about is going to put the right incentives and pressure on OS developers to put security as first priority, and change the way they approach it completely.
As a side note, I would love to be able to do all my stationary computing on my linux machine; but when you're in production and media. . . there's just no way.  I'm beholden to using OSX, windows, and linux.  It is incredibly frustrating to have to deal with the security flaws of three operating systems.  Someone please make Wine so awesome that it can somehow universally emulate all mac and windows-based applications!
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:54:00
You forgot the rest of it:
""There are just laws and there are unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that an unjust law is no law at all... One who breaks an unjust law must do it openly, lovingly...I submit that an individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and **willingly accepts the penalty** by staying in jail to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the very highest respect for law."  {emphasis mine}
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:37:00
P2P exchanges, enabled by multi-sig account balances, and OpenTransactions servers for creating the tradeable asset classes.
*I don't know how to do this.  But I will be happy to help out how I can, by producing pretty graphics and video content.
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:57:53
Nah man....this is the Scottish one.  They're legit.
@_date: 2014-09-23 02:04:20
You are saved.  Choose what you will: to value or not value bitcoin for whatever reason you want; to engage or not engage or reads posts of lunatics like me; to carry on loving or hating your systems of governance and modes of society.
@_date: 2014-04-10 13:59:11
Because: [nirvana fallacy](
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:04:05
Wait, wait.  Let me get this straight:  you're claiming that you don't think that the requirement to log every bitcoin purchase, earning, or creation through mining (including the date and present fair market dollar value of such), and then when spent or sold (in any transaction), to calculate from it's basis, a dollar-value gain or loss, on a first-in-first-out system; will not be an impediment to people choosing to adopt and use bitcoin as a payment method?
Obviously not where capital gains taxes don't exist (though you might be cautious of what other onerous taxes it might be subject to in those cases). . . but do you really have such balls of steel, and think everyone else does also, that you believe that the fear of the massive repercussions which government agencies like the IRS can bring down on people's heads, will not affect people's choices?
Not to mention the deterence to holding bitcoin that the 15% to 40% tax on those gains is going to engender.   That's pretty blunt thinking, to assume that manipulations on the market, of this scale, will not have massive negative consequences.
@_date: 2014-05-03 06:46:17
@_date: 2014-08-21 03:49:46


I don't either.  Not sure why you keep seeming to take away a very different message from my posts.  Value (and even confidence) often translates loosely into price. . . but it is not price.  Rather, price tends to chase value and confidence.
I'm not sure you can do much damage to the confidence of the public at large in bitcoin. . . since most still have Mt. Gox failure propaganda and other FUD on the brain anyway.  For those already educated about and invested in bitcoin, a hard-fork and schism in the ecosystem would decimate exchange prices in the near-term for both crypto-ledgers, but would more accurately reflect the values (and ultimately confidence) of those invested in their respective chain.
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:46:07
Sure, but the conditions under which it achieves that price will probably be the US dollar going Zimbabwe.  This would probably be a very short lived exchange price, as the fiat currency spirals out of control and traders can see that the could never make bank transfers happen fast enough to see full value out of the dollars you bought, since the price will have increased vastly in just the few days since you sold your BTC.
The real question is, what will the purchasing power of a bitcoin be?
My guess is that in order for bitcoin to reach full moneyness and serve as unit of account, you're going to need to be able to purchase something on the order of a small house with one bitcoin.  Price stability and use as unit of account are virtuous cycles in relation to one another.  Price stability will necessarily signal the end of massive increases in exchange value and gains in purchasing power, as price cannot stabilize so long as adoption has not yet reached full market saturation.
@_date: 2014-11-26 19:24:14
I [assumed]( 
@_date: 2014-02-11 13:16:20
In other news:
9 out of 8 people do not trust that 2+2 will always equal 4.
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:25:11
Definitions of property and societal norms preclude any definition of "aggression" and therefore, the NAP.
@_date: 2014-09-12 02:30:43


I couldn't agree more.  I just think that that "clear need" in payments is going to be filled more easily and quickly by existing fiat payment rails (like apple, google, paypal, CC's, etc.).  I really wouldn't put micropayments past them, in the near future.
Then what is bitcoin good for?  If we focus all our time and resources on trying to win a payments race; bitcoin is going to grow for a while. . yes.  It will probably not excel above the rest as just another payments network, and will eventually die, in the ever-churning creative destruction of the market. . . as if it were just another tech company to fill a fleeting role and then go the way of AOL.
Or, we can get people to understand that what no other technology that apple or google or Visa is going to produce, is going to allow the incubation and creation of a whole new currency (others have tried and government always finds ways of shutting them down).  One not tied to the destructive policies of the state.  Make no mistake: the government does not want anything competing with their fiat currency.  If people cannot understand the value of an alternative to the dollar, and alternative to the state. . . at least at some level, then bitcoin is going to be the next AOL at best.
@_date: 2014-06-23 23:03:37
Don't know about you, but I don't store my private keys in a bank vault.  Perhaps without me holding your hand, you can discover for yourself how most methods of storing bitcoin remove the need for a bank, and the expensive physical and data security that running and staffing a bank requires.  
@_date: 2014-04-06 06:29:45
At most, the network would experience a lag in mining strength, of about 2000 blocks; as that is the length of time for the difficulty to adjust (in this case downward).  Miners know this.  At worst, they will stop temporarily, but they will anticipate the adjustment and likely keep their equipment ready to mine, when: A. price goes up    and/or  B. difficulty drops, creating better returns per hashrate.
Have a nice day.  Next overblown doomsday prediction please!
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:15:22
Always ends in conspiracy theory about the eminent demise of the world as we know it.
I'm sorry if you live in a dictatorship or an anarchy, where you have no say over warlords destroying your savings and livelihood, but I live in a democracy, where the people (if they'll actually vote) can change their government to serve the public good.  It's worked out pretty well, and history has showed that a strong central government, social democracy and mixed economies, have created better standards of living than the libertarian paradises of the 19th century..
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:30:52
You are right on.  I am just about the most bullish on bitcoin person you might ever meet, and there is no lack of warning from the wiser voices in this community about trusting your bitcoins to 3rd parties:  but . . . these services are not ready for big money, or anyone's life savings.  
I sincerely wish people would have heeded this basic and obvious advice all along(even if it would have meant that my bitcoin wallet was not as fat).
Bitlaw is different than meat-space law people.  If you alone do not control/possess your private keys, YOU DO NOT OWN THOSE COINS!  Consider them gone.
Do not trust substantial sums of money to any of these services until they implement decentralized solutions, multi-sig escrow wallets via OT servers, actually have the backing of a 3rd party underwriter and auditor;  at least something, to give you reasonable assurances of being able to recoup from losses or thefts, and satisfactory contractual relationships.
Traditional law enforcement is not going to help us.  They are too concerned over preempting non-crimes such as money laundering and selling of drugs, to use even a fraction of their resources and expertise to the catching of criminals and restitution of victims.  Their monopolization of law enforcement leaves the bitcoin economy effectively without any kind of additional theft deterrence beyond what's built into the bitcoin protocol; thus theft and fraud will, for the time being, be overproduced within our economy.
Bitspace is not like meat-space; regulation and user-friendly security will not be produced in immediacy by the stroke of a politician's pen;  markets produce things gradually, slowly, in a volatile fashion of fits and starts, but sustainably.  Many failures, and a few notable successes will occur, in a heuristic process of determining the most effective, efficient, and desired code and service offerings.
Be careful out there people, and have fun!
@_date: 2014-04-21 00:18:41
Agreed.  Plus, it is the unfortunate source of most of anti-libertarian tripe.  To the person dedicated to straw-manning the whole philosophy, it would at best give the reader the impression that the problem of incentives is the pinnacle of our economic gripes with big gubment.  It also crudely conflates selfishness as a meta-physical reality, with selfishness at the expense of interpersonal relationships. . . i.e. I believe it has contributed to the confusion of methodological individualism, with social atomism.  
EDIT:  that's not to say I don't appreciate the similarities between the story and with how some people are reacting to this amazing tech we call bitcoin. . . .It does often feel like casting pearls before swine.  Nevertheless; I would do well to remind myself that, unlike reardon steel, the usefulness of bitcoin is highly dependent upon the number of people who also find value in it (i.e. network effect).  That makes it a tough challenge to spread this technology, without turning people off with over zealous evangelism.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:21:02
So, do something about it.  Gather top minds in crypto and Internet security, underwriters, accountants, lawyers, etc; and build a service which provides bitcoin financial services with the auditing, insuring, and guidance that their customers want them to have.  I would certainly pay small premiums to patronize exchanges and payment processers who submit to the regulations of a trusted firm. Or better yet, help build decentralized autonomous versions of these money and investment services businesses...where rules to protect consumers are hard coded.
But don't condone or even demand that all businesses (in an arbitrarily defined space) must be forced under the edicts of a monopoly regulator who cages people for non-compliance, regardless of whether there was a victim.  To do so is to simply expose one's lack of imagination, ingenuity, and disregard for their fellow human beings. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:17:33
Pumpkin smash it on the steps of the new york stock exchange!  Fight the power man!  Viva la revolucion! 
Or just display it proudly in your window.
@_date: 2014-01-08 00:33:38
Are you trying to say that taxing something is often a more sophisticated and effective way to get rid of something than trying to outright ban it?
If so, I agree.
There's plenty of support for taxing and regulating bitcoin. . . so much in fact, that even though the government is already doing just that, bitcoiners are not out with torches and pitch-forks.  If governments had jumped in the game suddenly and declared their use totally illegal; well, then you'd have an uprising, and too many people would see that the emperor has no clothes on.  
All the government needs to do is continue to appease those who feel that they are simply being pragmatic. . . .realists; those who feel that it will at least have the benefit of lending legitimacy to bitcoin.  So they will encroach upon the use and usefulness of bitcoin, the way that bitcoin is used, little by little.  Until it becomes more expensive and more troublesome to use than the state-sanctioned payment networks.
As a bonus to the government; they would then get to characterize the now-useless and dwindling bitcoin network as just a fad. . . a silly experiment by a bunch of libertarian geeks; that failed on its own merits.  And everyone of the educated, pragmatic, realistic fools who worship the state as their savior and don't even realize it; will believe every word of it.  Because they have been conditioned to look at the nuanced and sophisticated threats of force coming from their savior as something qualitatively different than those of a common thug.  They have been economically brainwashed to believe that entire swaths of people and over great periods of time, can be coerced into behaving differently than they otherwise would have; with no side effects; with no unintended consequences. . . just so long as nobody calls it a ban.  The emperor is wearing a beautiful robe.  Don't you see it?
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:57:12
Because getting everyone (in an arbitrary geographic boundary) to play by the same rules, is itself, as near the root of the problem as anything.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:05:12
Why do they hate prosperity, peace, and innovation just like the united states government?
@_date: 2014-06-01 21:02:45
Dude changed his name?  Did I hear that right?
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:12:03
Right.  For the some of the same reasons that cash is still king in the fiat world (i.e. a largely non-controllable physical p2p payment network); the advantages that Bitcoin does have as a payment network will allow it to provide value widely enough (and hopefully for a long enough time) in order to develop the ledger unit into full money status including unit of account.
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:06:23
You do whatever you deem best.
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:29:23
We've got to weed out this libertarian nonsense.  People need to obey the law.  Laws are there to protect us.  If people don't like them, they should work to change them through our democratic process.  Bitcoin is over if these anarchists don't come to realize that.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:14:40
Is there nothing that you have in SoCal that you could trade with the NoCal (even if they were their own sovereign territory) in return for their abundant water?
@_date: 2014-09-10 01:57:49


How would it result in people buying the cheapest?  I'm not sure why you assume that.  Also, what's wrong with the cheapest?  Is cheapest always worst for particular needs?  Is it better to have cheap options, rather than effectively no option, as is the reality for so many today?


Really?  I'm not sure where you're getting that idea....nor do I think you've ever witnessed a free market in action...I certainly haven't.


What?  I meet a lot of people who want things to work better....and not just in the u.s.  Nearly every monopoly law enforcement jurisdiction I've looked into has major systemic problems, stemming from the lack of competition, thus no real oversight.  I've not yet seen one group of people unanimously extol the virtues of their particular monopoly systems, and corruption and inefficiency abound in all of them.  Unfortunately, what is almost universal is the insane, religious - like belief that there is no other way that things can possibly be done than how they are now.  There is little willingness to try anything else, in what can only be described as a Stockholm syndrome.  And of course, people know deep down that they can't try anything else because they would be caged or killed by the existing monopoly government...yet they convince themselves that they should be loyal and grateful to their captors, simply because it is the only way things can possibly be...not because they are scared.


Many people already cannot afford law enforcement, and in fact are actively persecuted by it.  A market in anything alone certainly doesn't guarantee that all receive the goods or services (some may even willingly choose to forego and that is their right, even if we on the outside think their choice looks foolish), but there are no guarantees in life...except death and taxes.  The poverty you speak of anyway, is a product of monopoly governance currently in effect, and in large part even directly due to the monopoly law enforcement and all the perverse incentives which necessarily come with that.  Less poverty overall, and many different price options and types of services available on an open market...is far more likely to see everyone served to their satisfaction than violently monopolizing the service and many others, as is currently done.


Not sure what that has to do with what I'm talking about, but you might be surprised to know that your local law enforcement has no legal duty to protect you...nor can you fire them if they fail to meet your needs or a contractual obligation, as there are none.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:05:57
I love how awesome our society is that we:
1.  look to a monopoly corporation to legislate, adjudicate, and enforce laws. . . including laws that punish people for victimless crimes.  and we think that because we put special badges and uniforms on the agents of this corporation, that they are going to act fairly, and ultimately for the benefit of the greater whole of society, rather than for the benefit of their organization.
2.  that we still buy the terms "guilty" and "innocent" in this context; and look to this monopoly to determine for us when a person is one or the other (and yes, juries are great and all, but utterly constrained to a very great extent in matters of justice, as the state creates a labryinth of indecipherable laws and excessive punishments which allow prosecutors to manipulate and threaten to the extent that plea bargins are usually taken anyways. . .instead of even risking  going to trial in those prosecutor's very own courts)
3.  that despite the decrease in violence, and sometimes lower prices that the silk-road created; that this is somehow a "crime"
4.  That we as a society put up with these confiscation and asset forfeiture laws in the slightest.  Even if you're going to go with the "law of the land" regarding victimless crimes and the monopoly that administers it; people should be screaming for the return of those funds to the **unconvicted**  and true owners of those coins:  the merchants and customers of silk road.
But hey, we've got an Internet SuperPAC that's going to get money out of politics!!  That'll save us from our own stupidity.
@_date: 2014-09-10 21:27:58
I don't understand this doctrine about worrying that all the merchant adoption is going to crash the price.
Yes, this no doubt has resulted in a lot of hodlers spending their previously purchased coins, and not necessarily replenishing their stocks.  But certainly, most hodlers are going to purchase with bitcoin and replenish.  Especially long-term hodlers who have bitcoin to spend in the first place.  More importantly, it's not going to take too long until the proliferation of bitcoin-accepting retailers draws new blood into the ecosystem, and sops up the supply of coins being dumped on the market by said retailers.
Where do people think all this institutional investment has disappeared to?  That it would simply materialize on the exchanges in giant buy walls?  No, these people are likely buying directly from the payment processors (Bitpay, Coinbase), at wholesale prices.
The disparity between the development of infrastructure, all the good news, the high volumes on localbitcoins, etc. . . . .and the exchange prices on the nearly volume-less exchanges, should give anyone a hint as to what's going on.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:13:37
Hyperinflation is just a boogeyman the Austrians use to justify their anarchism.  A complex economy needs monetary controls to stimulate demand as needed.  Bitcoin will never be a national currency anyways, but if it did, the economy would go into a deflationary death spiral.
@_date: 2014-07-09 05:49:31
No, but there's already a cultural precedent on reddit called "giving gold".  Nobody ever seems to complain about that or call it tacky.  I think people's problem with bitcoin tips is just their stupidity and not being able to get over the loads of    crap that they bought into.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:08:08
That's why proper regulation and adequate enforcement are needed;  you'll never stop all illegal activity, but if we actually cared to let government work, we can put an end to most of it.  Deregulation has set us back a long ways.
@_date: 2014-09-04 21:46:25
The shills are out in force.  Make no mistake about it.
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:43:10
If might makes right is a truism, then it is no more fully expressed than in the existence of the very "modern western state" which you extol.  I'm not sure what could convince you of this, if you are not phased by the hundreds of millions of murders (democide) which modern governments have committed.  
But above all, and beyond that.  You still have not shown that the supposed necessity of a monolithic state is anything more than a popular notion.  
Though I could point to some historical examples of successful societies who broke the monopoly-state mold, if only for a while, and prospered;  it would only detract from the cold-hard logic that this does not preclude the possibility and efficacy of poly-centric legal systems and forms of anarchy.
You need to show me why it can't work.
On the other hand.  I can point you to a single economic concept, which alone destroys the notion that central planning (i.e. the economic control of the state) can produce efficient distribution of the scarce goods and services in society, according to people's values, needs, and desires.  This is the concept known as the Problem of Economic Calculation.  For an understanding of this concept, start [here](
Furthermore I could go on to systematically show you how the very controls that you wish government to have and to retain, in order to reign in corporate power and malfeasance, are the very forces which create many of the problems in the world you see around you today.
Lastly, though I do not appeal to morality lightly (since there is no objective morality); But I would guess that you share a disdain for employing violence as a means for achieving ends.  As such, I can only suggest that you adjust your perspective, and study the problems in more detail (especially the sources of the initial problems), to see the reason and benefits of first trying all possible peaceful means, before resorting to the blunt weapon of government and its regulatory hammer.
@_date: 2014-10-21 13:56:19
Statists have only been taught and only know one tiny spectrum of social change:   comply&gt;vote&gt;protest&gt;violent revolution (and really it's a vicious cycle, where they go right back to complying after the power vacuum created by their collective dull intellects has been filled by the next plutocracy which inevitably comes about because of the power center which their minds rely upon.
It hurts their brain too much to consider concepts like competition in governance, decentralization, agorism, civil disobedience, secession, nullification; so they vehemently and immediately deride and dismiss as radical and untenable, any of these methods and strategies. . .before there's even a chance to get them to understand these concepts beyond: Ayn Rand!, Who will build the roads?!, Move to Somalia if you don't like democracy!
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:54:51
Thank you.  Very important that development decentralizes.  btcd is a great step toward that end.  I am running a btcd node now.
3 mBTC
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:50:02
Markets in truth work as well as markets in other things.  Those who correctly understand the world around them can be rewarded and more properly incentivized to take the time to explain correct logic and reasoning to everyone around them.  Bitcoin helps to monetize that and introduce price signals into markets for truth, and squash propaganda.  One more way in which bitcoin works against government and other centralized channels. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:18:54
Only if you perceive "market-type values" as being limited to human interactions involving money.  It's a rather arbitrary distinction, and one which derails a lot of economic understanding.
Anarcho-capitalists are not opposed per se to mechanisms of direct democracy.  Just don't put together a large coercive hierarchical organization to force participation in your social rules or rule-making-process. . . and there's no trouble.
Ancaps are not for "unregulated market systems" per se either.  This underscores your lack of understanding of what you are criticizing. 
I'm certainly not one of these people running around screaming that bitcoin is politically neutral.  I'm all for people of all stripes and persuasions using it; but my understanding of economics leads me to believe with a great deal of surety that bitcoin's makeup necessitates the weakening of state power (and the power of other hierarchies) if it is to succeed in garnering the trust and value of a large portion of the earths population.  In this way, I see bitcoin as an inherently anarchic technology . . . .yet, I don't think there's any cause to think that the protocol necessarily needs to be changed in order to fit the needs of and benefit a diverse range of groups and interests, including statists, "social" anarchists, and individualist anarchists.  Many additional layers of governance technology and tools can and will be built atop the protocol layer to meet the needs of these different groups.
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:23:05
Yet they don't have an android or ios app yet.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:54:02
Yes.  The problem with an exchange operating in Japan, is that Americans glorify criminals.
It couldn't possibly be that our money and our empire and regulatory regime which it conveys have distorted markets, and stifled competition to the point that Mt. Gox was one of only a few choices in exchanges; thus when it failed; a huge portion of the trust and value in the ecosystem were destroyed.
@_date: 2014-04-20 23:44:05
That's true.  A government could, however, possibly still use fiscal policy (make-work, bail-outs, spending, etc.) to stimulate demand.
There's a lot of different theories behind business cycles, and whether they occur "naturally" (i.e. in the absence of any economic controls or interventions), or are strictly a product of interventionism and monetary/fiscal policy.
I don't imagine that a complex economy (using primarily, say, bitcoin as money, and without any state interventions) will be without its ebbs and flows.  And of course, no economy is immune from exogenous shocks (alien invasion, drought, earthquake, destruction from invading huns).  But, I do understand the Austrian business cycle theory enough to know with great certainty that central banks with their interest rate manipulations do create their own booms and busts, in concert with whatever else may be affecting the economy as a whole.  In the last two centuries, fiscal and monetary interventions have been used primarily in response to the ills (the booms and busts) created by the very states and/or central banks which claim to have the answer to them.
@_date: 2014-09-25 01:33:03


How do you know it needs more regulations?  What is better?  You understand that value is subjective, and also that MOAR regulations isn't always what all members of society want? You understand the concept of opportunity costs, right?  People wan't different things; but even if we all wanted roughly the same things regulated in the same way; one cannot say, nor objectively know that everyone equally wants simply *more* of that regulation, or that everyone always wants more of some regulations **in light of the opportunity costs which it presents to them**.  Not to mention unintended consequences of coerced regulations.  Yes, clean air is generally something that people want;  but it does not necessarily follow that everyone wants to or can bear the costs of the decrease in production, or increase in costs of goods which would necessarily follow regulating or taxing emission, rather than just dealing with polluted air, but being able to put food on the table for their family.  We all wish that developing economies could come into the 21st century without having to pollute at all and all the bad things that come of that. . . but you and I cannot say objectively whether these people do or do not prefer this over one of many alternatives.  The only rational way to determine this is by letting markets work (including markets for law, rights enforcement, regulations, tort, etc.)


Assumption.  You have as of yet not accurately restated my premise regarding how the absence of a governance monopoly could or would develop; nor have you shown that it is theoretically or practically impossible.
You still also have not responded to the question of why you mysteriously believe that a monopoly on a service such as rights enforcement will produce better results than competition.  You have failed to account for the past 5000 years of bloodshed, chaos, democide, theft, economic and technologic stagnation that has been the result of irrational worship of states, demagogues, and religion (but I repeat myself).  You have failed to justify or provide any evidence or theoretical framework by which I should trust the institutions of society to a coercive monopoly.
@_date: 2014-04-28 03:52:29
These people are just going to hoard their immense wealth and shoot themselves in the foot.  They won't learn from history and economic experts; spending drives an economy and is necessary to sustain a modern complex economy.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:44:20
And yet, playing devil's advocate: 
GeorgeFormanGrillz' solution is merely a technical one. . . one which does not preclude the invading or oppressing warlord from also having the same resources and technology. . . maybe to a greater extent. . . defeating our robots and effectively enslaving us and intimidating us into submission (i.e. back to having a state).
The real mechanisms behind both, the problems of anarchy, and the questions as to the solutions to those problems; are not questions of technology; but questions of incentive structures.
Free markets do not solve problems.  Free markets create the best conditions whereby humans can effectively cooperate, to solve problems.
@_date: 2014-12-17 03:08:34
[When goods don't cross borders, armies do](
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:33:53
We can greatly minimize this.
@_date: 2014-05-01 00:22:09
Negative ROI is not likely to hit all miners at the same time (different costs of electricity, different hardware, different scales, different mining pools w/ differing payment structures, different fiat price that they can fetch for their mined bitcoins at market, different motivations keeping them going: i.e. expectation of future returns, ideological, etc.).
Yet, even if they all decided it was unprofitable all at once, it still does not follow that all, or even a huge chunk of miners simply drops out altogether.  Miners (or any that will necessarily be successful) are entrepreneurs, who do their best to forecast markets, trends, human behavior.  They will bet on others scaling back or possibly dropping out as profitability decrease, and may form a strategy to hold out as long as possible, thus still be in the game when the hashrate decreases, and be already in the game when the difficulty decreases in response (whereas those who dropped out may or may not join back in when that happens, but will at the very least have some opportunity cost for not staying in.)
This mental speculative exercise is ongoing, right now even, at a very rapid pace, among a large pool of miner/entrepreneurs.  This is how markets work.  Supply and demand.  Markets equilibrate.  In the absence of exogenous shocks, they do not tend to make extreme movements.  Mining becoming unprofitable is not primarily the result of external shocks, but rather because of fairly well known and predictable market dynamics and operating costs.
The total hashrate of the network could fall substantially, and still be by far the largest computational network on the planet; orders of magnitude greater than the ability for most entities, probably even the u.s. government, to simply amass a datacenter of ASICs large enough to start doing 51% attacks.  This of course ignores other possible vectors for doing 51% attack (such as existing large mining pool operators being corrupted or already working for a hostile group), but I felt that that was outside of the scope of your question.
@_date: 2014-04-21 00:54:41


I've argued many times before that this is actually the bitcoin ecosystem's primary centralization and weak point.  I fully understand that anyone can add commits to the source code, and that there are many wallet implementations. . . but in practice, there are only a handful of people who actually contribute a significant amount to the source code and they all of are of fairly consistent mind on the direction (maybe that's a good thing and inevitable right now, but in the future, I'd be very worried to not see at least a few factions of "core developers" who are at great odds with each other as to the next update or change to the protocol).  Right now, it would not be difficult to innocuously influence Gavin and the most prolific developers into implementing a bug or something that helps in tracking/blacklisting coins.
Call me naive, but I just don't worry about the 51% attack:  so what if KNC miner and others use their tech to create data-center sized mining rigs?  I look at it this way: in our tiny undeveloped ecosystem, with companies like Mt. Gox or N&amp;B to show for all the entrepreneurship and investment. . . yet we have at least 3 separate entities who have developed proprietary application specific mining hardware (ASICs). . . imagine what the mining space will look like when it really gets heavy, mainstream adoption.  Mining centers like the one in OP's picture will be just one small node in a sea of mining centers like it and larger.  Companies like KNC will be one of hundreds or thousands like it, who also use their own tech to mine, instead of selling to small time miners.
I think that you are right, that the government doesn't want to shut down bitcoin. . . .or rather, that some of the many people who make up the various departments of government understand it would not be to the benefit of their image to do so. . . BUT, I do not agree that there aren't some within government who would like to shut it down.  I don't think that the political will for that is there.  I think those in gov't either don't care. . . aren't yet aware. . . or realize that they would hunt down bitcoin use, or influence the code. . . only to fight innumerable heads of hydra.  But I think you're right, that they could really ruin the party for all of us, for a while, if they really wanted to and were given the available resources.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:11:27
Thank you sir or ma'am.  Way too many people just do not get this.  Really sad how narrow people's understanding of the economics of coercive regulation is.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:04:49
I guess I hadn't thought of that.  But since it's cheap now, isn't that better, because then everyone has equal access to run a down-vote (or up-vote bot)?  
I think we just need to do away with up/down votes because it just makes people greedy and not care about what the content of what they're saying is, and focus on the number of votes they get.  Then, everyone gets an equal say, and we won't have these voices here who are louder than everyone else drowning out all the reasonable discussion.
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:41:38
Yes.  That is why lower time preferences typically correspond with high intelligence.  Goal setting and longer time horizons are commonly found in people who will take the risks and inconveniences of fledgling, slowly developing, decentralized, and market-based systems....over the convenience and immediacy of centralized, coercive systems....to avoid restriction in the future, and to maximize freedom.
tl;dr Screw political means to ends.  Be smarter.
@_date: 2014-11-06 15:26:45
Thanks for the perspective.   I respectfully submit that these other forces in play in the economy, as you explained them are just as omnipresent as the forces which the author accounts for in his economic assessment of the situation....once again illustrating the importance of the Austrian methodology. 
In empirical reality, the very concept of natural monopoly has been shown to be very weak, if not non-existant; precisely for this reason.  This is not a one-off thing.  The market mechanisms/forces which tend towards competition, redundancy, and choice, and away from monopolization,  seem to almost always overpower the forces which tend toward monopolization (in the absence of institutional force which distorts the market; such as municipalities granting right-of-way franchises to ISPs/telcos)
@_date: 2014-09-11 03:41:26
There are no proofs, only falsifications.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:27:01
Can't tell if serious....
@_date: 2014-09-23 10:03:17
Damn those vocal minorities!  They always speak so much louder than the rest of us.  Must be that white male privilege. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:57:49
"It's a solution in search of a problem"
You see, this is why, as an anarchist (and though I'm happy that many people of differing ideologies are interested in bitcoin), I fail to see what the statist sees in bitcoin.
I mean, the best I can get out of anybody is that it's basically a cheaper payment system.  It's also an "interesting technology".  Really?  That's it?  You're happy to be an early adopter, and go through the hassles of trying to buy and store and use bitcoin, and the steep learning curve, the thefts and frauds, and the lack of places to use it and ways to earn it and the volatility, and the crap that you get from people who don't understand it. . . . .because *it's a fucking cheaper payment system and interesting*?!
If I were a statist, I would largely agree with this guy.  From that perspective; bitcoin is not all that useful, or even much more promising as the payment systems already in place.  And those also have some technically interesting technologies and processes behind them.
Look, if you understand decentralization, you understand the benefits it brings to the nodes or users of nodes in a network, and you understand that you want to decentralize everything possible and that usually it is technology (or lack of some particular technology) which prevents decentralization.  Sometimes it is people, threatening or using force against other people which prevents decentralization.  You see that decentralizing human/societal governance is also goal to strive for; since we humans seek to maximize value and minimize discomfort.  You see also that since we humans do not operate in a hive-mind, and thus the locus of value calculation is the individual human being (i.e. node in the network), and that only inter-node price signals can efficiently communicate costs and (more importantly) opportunity costs; thus the individual is the only and logical entity in which to invest power, control and decision making . . . . then you see bitcoin as something much more.  Something different altogether.  You see bitcoin as a technology which not only overcomes technological barriers to decentralization, but which will also go a long way to overcoming the aggressive meddling of other human beings who would centralize and control and prevent decentralization of power, money, and decision making.  You would then combine this with your understanding that these principles apply to all transactions of value (essentially every conscious act we perform which in any way involves another human), and that allowing price signals (not just money prices but all signals of value/cost/benefit/price); then you see that bitcoin can have a huge impact on the world just by means of it's uses as money . . .but also by allowing the introduction of prices into otherwise more obfuscated exchanges of value.  This doesn't even touch on the potential benefits to privacy, which is absolutely an essential option for a world with any semblance of freedom.
If I were a statist, bitcoin would be absolutely boring and inane.  It is truly sad to think how mundane the world must be to cheerleaders of the status quo.  You've got your desired "democratic" society and politico-economic model. . . live happily ever after in your world where truly revolutionary technologies are mere tweaks to an already near-perfect system.
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:14:02
Well said.  I tend to be more abrasive when I respond to comments like DarkShadowGirl's . . . . because I honestly can't comprehend (even after much probing into these peoples' psyche) how they can have any desire to participate in the bitcoin economy; given its intractable nature, which erodes concentrations of power (especially monetary power), and is in direct conflict with the very essence of democratic socialism.  
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:12:53
Exactly.  There are other ways for organizations and companies to differentiate and brand themselves without resorting to state supported artificial scarcity of words (I.e. trademark and other IP).
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-03-23 22:55:59
But, who will build ze roads?
@_date: 2014-05-10 07:30:06


I would argue, No.  However, bitcoin may be the lynchpin which allows future autonomous machines and computers operating as [DACs]( to pursue ends; effectively using dispersed knowledge and coordinating price signals in ways which have emergent properties, very like an ant colony. . . [which incidentally has been found to operate much like a brain.](
@_date: 2014-08-05 07:48:31
Humans have relied upon a central state for thousands of years in order to accomplish what was, at the very least much harder to do and more costly up front, and harder to conceive of by voluntary means.  It doesn't mean that the coercive monopoly on the initiation of force was or is the *only* way to accomplish these societal ends; but it all comes down to time preference.
Humans have relatively high time preference (meaning we put a premium on goods now, and a discount on goods later, all other things being equal).  That's why we take out loans, and buy things on credit that we could conceivably save up for.  It is also why we tend to take the quick route for solving complex societal issues (especially in producing public goods, such as regional or national defense, and the production and enforcement of law . . which is not so much a public good, but a quasi-natural monopoly).  Solutions to these problems are rather easy to conceptualize and quickly put in place if we simply centralize power and permit that power to act in a way which is precisely what we are trying to protect ourselves against (i.e. to defend from aggression we allow a central state to initiate violence upon us; to compel for funding, etc., and we believe or hope that this power will stay bound to its original mandates).  This type of solution is affordable and conceivable up front; but it brings with it, at best, all the stagnation and inefficiencies you'd expect from any monopoly; and at worst it ends up violating more rights than it ever protects us from, and at great cost.
A decentralized (and necessarily voluntary if the node or atomic, sovereign unit of society, is the individual person) solution on the other hand is, difficult to conceive of; can't be centrally planned; is emergent from the relatively simple, rational, actions of the individuals in society.  We can surmise in rough terms about how a market for voluntarily funded regional defense might come about and operate; but no one can say for sure exactly what the market will choose and the complexities of how it will operate. . . no more than a Soviet peasant could understand how people in the West were being fed, without their central governments planning this out; setting quotas; and distributing the food. . . and yet, the non-centrally-planned, emergent, and voluntary market for food production and distribution turned out to be worlds superior to even the most technocratically managed command and control structure.  This is of course due, in large part, to the problem of rational economic calculation, faced by any firm or entity shielded from price signals.
But, we humans also have large neo-cortexes.  We are generally sufficiently intelligent enough to rationally conceive of the benefits of delaying consumption and gratification to some extent or another.  Our higher faculties tend to balance out our base drive to consume now, at the expense of the future.  The more intelligent we get; the more we plan for the future.  The more we plan for the future, the more we delay consumption (save some of what we produce), and with that savings, develop capital (goods which aid in the production of consumption goods).  This doesn't just apply to widgets made in a factory. . . this is just as much a principle of social capital and organizational tools as it is a reality of durable goods.
With more capital, we can produce more goods with the same amount of labor; forego consumption again, and our capital allows us to save even more; and we then produce even more/better capital. . .but now in higher orders.  Each stage further removed from the ultimate or consumption good.  We lengthen the structure of production; and thereby become far more productive.  Even giving us the luxury and time and resources to conduct more and more basic research.  Discovery of our universe around us, and inherent universal logic. . . math, prime numbers, asymmetric cryptography.  We do a similar thing with our organizational and communication and information capital, or technologies:  each higher order allowing us to better conceive of, and better afford ways to accomplish ends. . . including those complex societal ends, like the production of defense and law, and courts, and infrastructure, and space exploration, etc.
The philosophy has always worked. . . there has just been too few who were ready for it, and too much monkey-brain left in the majority of the population.  It could be a slow transition still;  just visit or go to a major sporting event, or a union rally, or a voting booth, or a military recruitment office, or a war zone.  
It is entirely possible that Bitcoin is the beginning of a singularity of sorts.  It's also possible that the market is not ready for bitcoin, or even chooses other better or worse (from our perspective?) options than bitcoin.
Remember, we may have better tools and technologies now, to solve the problems that we currently rely on the state to solve, than we did before. . . but we always had some tools to do so, and most of society still chose not to employ them.  I'm passionate about working to make Bitcoin a major part of a paradigm shift in peoples' thinking, and the way that we interact and think about law and cooperation.  Hopefully within my lifetime.  But there are no guarantees.
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:52:37
Law making, and enforcement are monopolized also, by the gov't.  Yet another example of their primary regulation necessitating further intervention.
The markets were never left free and given time to develop voluntary and competing regulatory services, and sophisticated contracts and arbitration.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:54:04
Nor did I take any issue with you posting this.  I'm simply trying to raise awareness of potential sources of trouble, that I feel gets neglected, based on the commentary (or lack of it) which I see in the community.
@_date: 2014-08-26 21:36:02
Sponsor or create a service which helps connect bitcoin accepting merchants with bitcoin accepting suppliers.
Though I don't think its in Bitpay's or Coinbase's interest to cut fiat conversion from their clients' usage.
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:49:15
Just like Bill Gates and Warren Buffet have raised their own private armies, amirite?  When people get rich, they magically want to wage war, amirite?  Of course, they can't because the blessed central government is there, keeping them from doing so. . . there's no possibility that if they really wanted to raise an army, it is also only marginally more expensive to buy their own island or land area and call it sovereign.  
Or maybe, just maybe, it is the magical belief system inside people's minds, that tells them to allow, even expect, behavior from a state, that they would otherwise not allow any other entity or simply-rich person to do.
It couldn't possibly be that, in almost all circumstances, violence is much more costly than cooperation. . . the exception being when the costs of war to the entity waging war, are externalized upon a population of mouth-breathers who legitimize that entity's actions at every turn, and sanction the monopolization of their money and its taxation through inflation, and direct taxation.  Where at best, people see war as an unfortunate, but necessary-to-tolerate side-effect of the state. . .and at worst, clamor to send their own sons and daughters (and every one else's sons and daughters) to slaughter over the alter of their god, the state. . .and persecute as traitors, any who would question. . . and wish a cage upon those who even think of not participating in the enslaving institution of taxation. . . .because:  "think of the children!", "who will build the roads?" "Somalia".
Please learn economics and a little bit of philosophy before you spew mindless pop-culture nonsense about everything bad in this world being a result simply of riches.  You, nor I, nor anyone else will ever put up with some rich person initiating violence against other people. . . even in the extremely unlikely situation that one of them was stupid enough to raise an aggressive military force. . . I promise you, that free people will put it down faster than you can say *guerrilla war*.  You, and most others, on the other hand; worship at the altar of a cabal of rich people, who you are fooled into thinking are somehow more virtuous and wise than the rich or corporations who inevitably control them. . . just because we call them government and put badges and costumes on them and weighty titles.
The real power in this world, lies in fooling useful idiots such as yourself, into thinking that it is necessary to give a group a monopoly on the use of coercion; and expect them to act any differently than Walmart or Monsanto would if given the same moral sanction and resources.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:22:52
I don't know anything about british tax law, but for U.S. citizens, it does not matter how much or how little the fiat is fluctuating against the bitcoin, you are still liable to report your gains and losses and pay accordingly.  This is extremely cumbersome to do (and do it you must unless you are absolutely certain that you are only making losses and no gains; and the the tax man is going to be reasonably assured of that as well).  In the U.S. you are liable just to keep the records, regardless of how much your tax liability turns out to be.  I would be surprised if the case is much different for other countries who will treat bitcoin as a capital asset.  
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:32:34


So why would you want a government there adding extra artificial barriers to entry?  


You are making assumptions about how industry and production of infrastructure would be accomplished in a world free of central, monopolized, coercive government.  Coordination always happens more efficiently when done voluntarily and in a necessarily more distributed manner.
Even if a monopoly (a single provider) forms on a market; in a free market, this is no guarantee of malfeasance as it tends to be with state created monopolies.  Even if the market only supports a single provider in the production of one very specific good or service;  people always can and do forego, cut-back, substitute, etc. if the monopolist raises prices, doesn't constantly innovate, or decreases quality.  Competition (even if not presently in physical existence) constantly nips at the heels of the monopolist in a free market; to enter the market or buy out all or some of the assets of the monopolist, or provide a close enough substitution to cut into their margins; there is no force or threat of forcing barring the entry of a new competitor;  this is massively different than the fact that yes, some industries necessarily require large capital investments and time and great expense to operate and develop.
States come in to being, because centralized solutions tend to offer an easier to grasp model for the uneducated and high-time-preference mind.  Decentralization and freedom are for those who have lower time preferences and see the higher costs that are paid in the long-run by adopting quick, centralized solutions to problems, rather than seeing through to completion, more time consuming and organically developing decentralized solutions.  It is disappointing and a little surprising that even many bitcoiners don't understand decentralization and how the principles which make bitcoin better than the legacy systems are applicable widely to societal issues and governance generally.  
The ironic thing about all this resistance to voluntary and decentralized solutions, is that nearly every criticism I see, in the end, and at worst, only reverts back to what we have now:  a giant centralized coercive monopoly corporation which dominates much of the goods and services produced in society (a.k.a. government).
@_date: 2014-12-06 03:27:58


That indeed is the essence of the mindset of the statist who advocates for the necessity of state interventions;  they await a very formal and clear set of regulations upon the bitcoin eco-system, in order to supposedly observe the outcomes.
Does anybody even stop for one second to consider the massive impact that just the threat of future regulations and regulatory uncertainty hare having on the level of investment and the ability for small businesses and small traders to be making an appreciable impact upon the level of decentralization in the market. . . just due to onerous and/or unclear rules regarding being an MSB as a localbitcoins trader or what have you?
Does anybody stop for one second to understand that, while only Mt. Gox can be blamed for their massive failure, in proximate terms; the ecosystem as a whole was and is still massively affected by the searches and seizures related to the silk road arrests, the ever-present threats of nation-states' banning or regulating bitcoin and exchanges, and general legal structure keeping insurers and financiers unduly wary of bitcoin, and also prohibiting the evolution of competitive legal, adjudicative, and forensic services, which could have helped define more beneficial and technically appropriate contracts, enforce those contracts, and help victims obtain restitution.  
Not only is nobody even taking this into account or trying to measure it. . . but you **can't** measure this.  All of this is Bastiat's "unseen" in the economy.  Nor is it possible to know of every unintended consequence which has and will occur due to the very existential threat of the state apparatus and the power of ignorant society behind it.  The opportunity costs that are hidden when institutionalized force and threat of force are foisted upon an economy distort everything, and leave no way to measure value lost, or ever compare (in any reasonably controlled fashion) two differing approaches to anything.
tl;dr  Statists, please stop assuming you have any relevant critique of the libertarian/anarchist perspective until you come back with a full understanding of the economic calculation problem.
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:20:40
Has nothing to do with bitcoin.  There is no top brass.  You're confusing Mt. Gox with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:35:21
All of the scary hyperinflation stories that you austrians always come up with have at least one thing very different from the US government and federal reserve:  our government [controls]( the currency in which it's debt is denominated.
@_date: 2014-02-12 20:35:47
You will tolerate the mark of the beast, and you will like it!
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:28:39
Back when operation choke point was hitting the gun dealers and NRA donations, I spent a bit of time trying to introduce the pro gun crowd to Bitcoin and the several dealers who were already accepting bitcoin.
Predictably,  many responses were completely negative, uninformed FUD.
Unfortunately, a lot of people (blinded by status quo worship), are not going to take advantage of liberating technologies until things are really bad, personally, for them...and probably not until it's too late and bitcoin on-ramps are too tightly controlled.  You'll then have an economy of those who are already in bitcoin and/or have a btc income stream, engaging in prosperous black and grey market transactions....and those stuck outside of it (at least temporarily).
Mainstream adoption would be great, because I would love for as many people as possible to have an escape hatch from the failing system.  I'm sure we'd also all love our investment to go to the moon.
But this gets at the heart of the primary value proposition of bitcoin; and the primary misunderstanding of its nature: it's most potent, value producing capabilities are not going to be had as a payment network (though that utility is and has been important in bootstrapping an exchange price and kickstarting the process of developing into a money).  It is bitcoin's  properties of moneyness, decentralized issuance, and inability to be controlled by one entity, which gives it it's real future (and some present) utility.  
I'm sorry it rubs some people the wrong way; but bitcoin is anti-establishment and anti-state.  The state as you know it cannot survive without full control over the issuance of money and it's flow. This will become increasingly manifest to people as time goes on...though plenty will still cling to their absurdities long after most people have stopped giving moral legitimacy to what the goverment considers illegal; and black markets will be the norm.  I'm sorry to tell those banking on bitcoin as "the user-friendly, goverment-compliant, payment network for the masses", the Googles and Apples and Visas of the world are going to be able to quite easily out compete bitcoin in terms of value as a payments network in the near future.  What they will never be, is an uncontrolled,  market-based money, and repository of societal value....a vote against an increasingly violent and self-destructive system...an opt-out of the status quo.  I'm sorry to tell you that mainstream adoption of bitcoin is not necessary in order for it to be very useful for those wise enough to see our present society for what it is, and for bitcoin to develop into money within a certain sphere.
The agora is operating alongside your failing system, and the more your slave masters squeeze you, the more of your own will reject it for system D, black markets, whatever you want to call it. Don't be on the losing side of history.
@_date: 2014-04-18 03:38:59
Wait until they wrap their heads around side chains . . . . .heads will asplode.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:01:36
Structural deflation is a little bit different than electronics.  When the economy's equilibrium real interest rate is negative, then (even with a near-zero nominal interest rate) it remains underemployed and generates gradual deflation, unless monetary policy act to counteract this phenomenon (see: Japan).  When you're dealing with deflation economy-wide, you're now involving wages also (which are not easily lowered, they are sticky), and you have expectations of continuing and future policy, self-reinforcing the death spiral.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:14:38
The bitcoin foundation is a cancer that needs to be removed from the psyche of people who purport to value decentralization.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:00:02
If you use blackwater as an example of a "private" institution; then you miss the real distinction and the label of "private" becomes meaningless.  These are essentially government contracts.  Nothing more.  They exist only at the behest of governments and within the institutional framework and incentive structure set up by their monopoly on the initiation of force within their claimed territory.
In fact, any commercial bank, the military industrial complex, the prison industrial complex, or just about any recognized industry within the modern nation state, is more an example of fascism; the corporate state-state, an extension of government.  Not a creation of the processes of an unhampered market economy.
This is the most common error of those who oppose anarchy. . . they try to attribute the results that they see in the world around them, to "free markets" and capitalism, when no such thing has been allowed to flourish or exist, because of state dominance.  You are being blinded by propaganda and misuse of terms in our culture.
@_date: 2014-10-12 20:39:11
I hope you're right. It would be an added plus, but ultimately not necessary for Bitcoin to fulfill it's primary end. 
But do you not see that banks and the legacy system can conceivably innovate and change on this front (even if unlikely).  They can make the changes and form international committees and standards.
What they cannot do is compete with national fiat currencies.  Everything else that happens in payments with bitcoin is auxiliary to freeing money from the state.
@_date: 2014-10-11 04:04:47
Because all other currencies are backed, ultimately, by a gun to your head.  Government decrees it money.  Pegs price.  Cuts ties/backing from gold.  Requires taxes, and then forces payment of taxes in that currency.  Requires acceptance of said currency for all debts.  Persecutes and shuts down any competition to their monopoly money, in their monopoly courts.  
It takes a truly government-schooled sociopath to scoff at the efficacy of something voluntary, over something forced upon society. . . and try to demonize persuasion instead of violence.
Why does apple have to advertise and use sales tactics for their new iPhone?  Why did geeks have to tell people about the internet and how useful it was going to be?  Why did your mother have to convince you to try your grandmama's gravy? 
@_date: 2014-03-20 10:24:43
Governments block and/or crowd out the funding, incentives, mechanisms, and legal ability for market participants to self regulate, and for explicit regulatory services to develop on the market.  
It is not lack of fortitude or character which plagues the bitcoin community; and it's certainly not lack of some centralized leadership, like a Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:00:36
So, I like stickers, and I also like bitcoin:  is Bitstickers.net right for me?
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:41:14
The damage caused by state regulations is not just the *seen*, though.  It is also the *unseen*.  
In this case, why were so many people using mt. Gox?  Why weren't there more and better options.  Why weren't there (and still really aren't) any decent exchanges in the U.S....the place with the greatest population of bitcoin users, and the greatest stores of capital to invest in startup ventures, especially exchanges?
In large part it is due to, not only the onerous existing state and federal regulations, but also the regulatory uncertainty which holds far more of a grip on entrepreneurs testicles in this country than in most other places on earth (and for good reason).
Mt. Gox may have happened with or without state interference...but we can be all but absolutely certain that a collapse of mt. Gox would not have affected such a large proportion of the bitcoin market, had entrepreneurs been free to develop solutions, and disperse Gox's market share, unhampered by regulatory monopolies, and the persistent threat of what that coercive monopoly might do next.
@_date: 2014-02-15 16:48:11
When we get decentralized exchanges figured out, it might just be the regulators who have to move offshore.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:55:45
It is interesting looking at the "all time" chart for bitcoin price, and it is uncanny to observe how very repetitive the pattern is in each cycle; almost no matter the news and present sentiment at the given point in each phase.
At the very least, it makes you wonder which drives which more:  adoption drives the news cycle, or news drives the price cycle . . .
@_date: 2014-11-02 16:37:03
At least you acknowledge how counterproductive the state is to progress. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 03:55:04
In other news: today marks a historic event, as the first facsimiles are sent over the internet.  Also, researchers at MIT have learned that their newly self-sustaining fusion reactors can be used to heat their offices,  instead of heating oil.
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:09:55
The premise of the comparison of bitcoin mining to the security and infrastructure of a MasterCard or Visa is completely wrong on it's face. 
Bitcoin is not just a payments system.  It is its own currency and issuer of the currency, and even fills many of the functions of a bank as well.  Furthermore, it is a system of contract enforcement as well.
Try to be at least a little bit intellectually honest, and run some comparisons on just what we know that bitcoin replaces right now.
Given that many miners are running at a loss, I don't think it is far fetched to imagine that the network is a bit over-secured.  But speculation is part of life and mining as well.  But you have to understand that bitcoin isn't even a full-fledged money yet.  It does not serve as unit of account, and it is only a fair to poor store of value.  Most of the infrastructure (including mining capacity) is already in place for the bitcoin network to host a far higher transaction volume, and quickly develop into full money status.  What this means is that, even if comparatively expensive right now (per transaction) to secure the network and do all the other things mentioned; the marginal costs are very very low.
@_date: 2014-08-01 17:40:11
Keep in mind, that it is also a question of some subjectivity.  If the world and all the goods and services in it existed, exactly as it is now, but with only bitcoin circulating (chasing those goods and services);  you might be able to calculate what the purchasing power of a bitcoin would be, in a similar manner to what others in this thread have done.  Even then, I have my doubts.
Because of course, we don't live in a cosmic lab experiment (at least, not one that we know of or control) and that exact scenario is infinitesimally unlikely to be the one that comes to pass.  Instead, for bitcoin to take over as unit of account and means of exchange for most or all of the monetary transactions on earth; significant changes are going to necessarily happen to the structure of society and the distribution of goods and services (not to mention the amounts and kinds of goods and services available).
Human beings are funny:  we can, in different times and circumstances, view the same exact lump of goods and services very differently.  Money prices are not value, but they tend to chase human valuations.  It is possible for the same number of people using money, to manifest a decreased or increased demand for money (especially when looking at only smaller chunks of time).  Maybe in a future world of bitcoin, people will use money less for transactions and instead have organized into more commune, or family-like structures, where economic calculation can happen more easily without a unit of account.  Maybe the opposite happens.  There are so many things that can change the demand for, even a constant supply of money against even the same amount of goods and services.
tl;dr  it is actually impossible to "mathematically" calculate the price or purchasing power of bitcoin, even given the assumption of the number of people using it in place of existing currencies.
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:54:21
"-This subreddit"  does not and cannot say anything.
Unless there's a hive-mind thing going on that I'm not aware of.
Maybe you should address your contention at whomever you saw making the claim.
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:53:44
Everyone who thinks that even a competent, and well-meaning bureaucrat *can possibly* do something right is a fool.  There are actual economic reasons why central planning cannot and does not work.
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:28:37
Grasshopper, until you learn that value is not money, and that all transfers of value are subject to the laws of economics, your mind will remain clouded.
@_date: 2014-02-11 13:08:52
Damn, the propaganda is getting thick.  It takes a shill to make the claim that bitcoin has been unregulated, and a fool to believe it.
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:20:17
So are you saying that the attack dog is coming and you condemn this but feel impotent to stop it?
Or are you saying you condone it, but feel too embarrassed to individually own up to your culpability in the attack, and rather push the blame off on to the "masses".
If it is the former....it seems like you might be right, but that the only logical position is to at least ideologically and vocally denounce such attacks; rather than suggesting that I and everyone else simply shut up and take our lumps.  Might surprise all us slaves what we're capable of, if we first at least simply ideologically oppose the oppression.
@_date: 2014-11-17 23:15:53




did you just finish writing a: "FWD: FW: FWD: FW: I DON'T USUALLY DO THIS BUT, FW: FWD: RE: LET'S LOCK OBUMMER UP WHERE HE BELONGS LOL" email from grandma?
@_date: 2014-12-05 23:19:46


As bad as this incident in NY was and as much as I'm with you in condemning it. . . step on over to sometime and you may be surprised that this incident doesn't even come close to being the worst of what crimes police around the world are committing all the time.  This story and the Ferguson thing, merely got picked up by the media. . .probably due in large part to the racial aspect (not to downplay the very real disparity there still exists in the treatment of blacks and other minorities).  
After you've digested the stark and disgusting reality of the worsening police state here and nearly everywhere. . .consider that anti-statists such as myself have long been warning people that this type of behavior is not a bug in the system, but is inevitable and endemic to a coercive monopoly in governance (different nation-states will of course be at different points in their descent into tyranny, and various factors affect the speed and nature of the decline).  
So please, understand that when those of us who do not believe in the moral legitimacy of a monopoly government, nor it's economic and civil efficacy, come on to and pontificate in the same way you are right now. . . understand that it is because it is gross closed-mindedness, almost a stockholm syndrome, which keeps most people from understanding what we have been saying for literally centuries. . . what keeps people from seeing how and why bitcoin is inherently anti-state. . . that nearly everything happening right now is like a perpetual "we told you so", that just gets crowded out by an insane religious belief in the necessity of the state and/or it's providing of services such as police, and money.
Bitcoin is so much more than just some new payment toy with which to stick it to banks/paypal/western union.  The ways in which it will empower people to weaken government control in their lives, are just as numerous (though probably less obvious) as the ways in which it empowers people to save money in remittances and bank fees.  Decentralization is at the heart of what has always held states at bay.  People may be too brainwashed to be consciously aware of how bitcoin, blockchains, and other decentralizing technologies eliminate the need for government (in many ways such as monetary policy, some law and contract, etc.), but just by building these systems out, people will increasingly be able to simply opt out of centralized (and thus gov't controlled or susceptible to gov't controlled) services. . . not as an ideological move, but as a convenience or economizing move.  We could, of course, greatly accelerate this process though, if more people applied logic and reason far enough to see the state for the destructive social institution that it is.
tl;dr  you're not likely to make any large or lasting change to the worsening police state, without making a fundamental change to the existence of the monopoly government which necessarily produces such outcomes.
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:02:56
 Ask them.  Ask yourself whether those projects are "decentralized" in the same way a cryptocurrency is, and whether those foundations are, in any case, the only way to maintain those projects.  Ask whether bullshit politics and pathetic appeals to and reliance on monopoly-state-like democratic voting is even relevant to the direct and voluntary democracy which blockchain technology enables.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:47:01
Assuming that mining centralization will become as big of a problem as you insist (I'd love to see your evidence or method for determining how bitcoin holders and investors will respond to a pool gaining 51% attack ability);  what then is your solution to this "unrestricted market", which seems to be creating a monopoly of hashing power?  How shall the market be restricted?  And does a different monopoly need to enact and enforce this restriction?  If not another monopoly, what institutions(s) or organizations?  Are these institutions or organizations not part of the "unrestricted market" in your view, and part of the ecosystem whos actions tend toward production of an equilibrium of sorts?
@_date: 2014-12-20 04:43:55


You ever stop to think that it sounds like crazy talk because you lack any context to understand it?
That is why there is no bullet pointed, step by step, concise explanation which will convince, edify, or satisfy you.  Every point in that list would certainly appear baseless, counter-intuitive, or flat out crazy.
The insights which much of libertarian philosophy brings to the table are very often paradoxical...thus the easier and more prevalent response of the mainstream thinker is to simply write it off and imagine the libertarian to simply be crazy or unsympathetic, or out of touch.  This is unfortunate; there are plenty of valid and useful critiques to make of libertarianism and such a foreign idea as market anarchy......but the crappy arguments and uninformed drivel and status quo bias that I and other anarchists wade through day in and day out, on reddit and in meatspace, are not even close 99% of the time.  In fact they are usually so far off the mark, that it's just simply cringeworthy how confidently these people attack a complete strawman.
You wanted a step by step guide as to how Bitcoin will euphorically bring about all these varied ideals or utopias....because you were at least subconsciously aware that doing so would set up an easy strawman for you to knock down, or that the lack of response would serve to bolster your assumption of baseless crazy talk and fluff philosophy on the part of the Bitcoin idealists who you were trying to bait.
@_date: 2014-03-21 02:30:56
Heh.  Do you people actually believe that states only regulate and go after people and businesses who first harm and defraud their customers?  Sure, bad behavior has often been the catalyst for calls to regulate some industry. . . but these people don't need a legitimate excuse to interfere with our lives and businesses.  They will *further* regulate users of bitcoin, one way or another.
Also; "self-regulate" is a poor/inaccurate way to describe the kind of market-based regulation and competition which will come about in an economy when the government gets out of the way.  The wording makes it seem as if the proponent of non-state regulatory mechanisms is advocating simply trusting in the character of good-hearted entrepreneurs who are keeping their activities on the up and up.  
In reality, competition (and failure for unwanted behavior) is the ultimate regulator of human affairs, and 3rd party private, voluntary, and explicit regulatory services will be part of any market for regulation of business and financial practices.  Businesses will submit to various different audits and restrictions; in exchange for more business and insurances from their chosen regulatory service providers.
@_date: 2014-07-08 22:25:14
Careful.  If people see non-anarchist/libertarians using blockchain technology to accomplish things that they assumed only government and its coercion could do....they might finally understand how anti-state and counter-economic bitcoin actually is, and get scared away.
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:39:33
Not all theories of this bent are conspiracy, and not all theories are created equal.
@_date: 2014-04-18 03:32:30
Wait, you mean to tell me that it's more than just a cheaper payments network?
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:52:59
Ughh...please don't do this.  It's pathetic.  Just ignore government.  They will eventually go away.
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:00:06
And yet. . . people still insist on believing that the U.S. is arguably worse off than the supposedly "socialist" democracies of western europe, because of our "freedom" and supposed *lack of regulations*.
That moment when American statists realize that sometimes socialism is better than fascism. . . but actual freedom (not just rhetoric) is even better.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:57:17
You must think I'm implying that there must be a wealthy elite controlling large sums of bitcoin.  Quite the contrary- other decentralized forms of funding will come in to being (and are already in their infancy, e.g. crowdfunding), which will fill the role in the economy which I'm talking about.
But it does not change the fact that large projects, basic research, long-term planning, and a lengthening of the capital structure, require large stores of wealth *societally*.  
@_date: 2014-09-22 18:48:33
Reason  why the state must be phased out.
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:49:41
What's to fund the government if they can't inflate, and if the IRS can't cope with the ballooning burden of tracking and enforcing the tax rules on bitcoin transactions?   If government can't fund itself, IRS goes with it.
Keep in mind that the growth of technology and markets aimed at subverting their ability to tax and track, is only growing.  Bitcoin is just the beggining of the revolt against centralized coercion.
@_date: 2014-02-17 17:46:11
Hear, hear!
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:38:06
First we need to get money out of politics, then, yes.
@_date: 2014-05-26 20:12:55
I'm an active participant!  Thx.
@_date: 2014-04-03 02:23:41
Your point is correct in its own right; but I look at the situation holistically, and can't fathom a pure bitcoin economy facilitating nearly any state-like apparatus; thus the overwhelming price floors surrounding property prices, regulation, licenses, and real estate development costs. . . not to mention the inflation and asset bubble creations of the central bank.  (just look at the mentality behind Pensacola's persecution of Sean's Outpost and Satoshi forest if you need any anecdotal evidence of the fact that the state indeed creates the poverty and persecutes poor people by eliminating virtually all options other than: A. the street, and  B. a multi-hundred-thousand dollar tract home.)
Housing need not be nearly so expensive, and eradicating the state is the best way to bring prices down to more realistic levels; and open a greater range of options; including much more affordable housing.
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:16:55
Add "HD" in there somewhere.
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:01:44
Seed a decentralized smart-contract crowd-fund on the Bitcoin blockchain to insure holders against government aggression.  This fund could provide legal protection to those who are kidnapped and held hostage by the state and other institutional aggressors for non-payment of protection money and also for victimless crimes.  This fund would also create a DAO which would create a decentralized marketplace for legal services and claims adjusting.  It would operate as an assurance contract, which would be in collection stage for a period of 10 years, after which, if a minimum is not met, the funds would return to the donors. 
The upshot would be to slowly incentivize the reallocation of tax dollars away from the government into this (and other competing) protection services; both by using bitcoin as token, and by reducing risk overall of tax evasion; simultaneously strengthening the DAO and weakening the state, as well as decentralizing law and popularizing practical polycentric law.  Early donors (first year) would receive a factor of 1.5x coverage on their premiums, when the fund matures, and late-comers would get 0.8:1, since they take on less risk.  This ratio could operate on a floating market as well.
Interpretation and precedent could be crowd-sourced, or via anonymous, reputation-based arbitration services.
The theory is that given a large enough fund and network effect and cryptographically proven consensus, a certain public goods problem is overcome (i.e. if we're going to do this civil disobedience thing, I need to know that you all know that we all plan to commit to it and protect each-other and not freeload) the marginal demand for non-payment of taxation becomes elastic enough to self-perpetuate supply.  If capital and value pours out of fiat and into Bitcoin, gov't cant fund itself through inflation, and the power of direct taxation becomes effectively nil.
This will also incentivize the creation of DAOs to bid away what's left of military and police forces and equipment from governments (via assurance contracts and also lotteries) and into more benign, and defensive, roles; more decentralized and diffuse in control, but  more coordinated and concentratable through swaps, insurances' reciprocity contracts and other financial market vehicles.
With virtually all public goods provided for in a voluntary and decentralized manner, people will hardly even realize that things were ever very different.  Good design by definition.
@_date: 2014-09-30 18:30:10
Bitcoin the payment network doesn't threaten much.  Bitcoin the currency does.  This is part of a concerted effort to diminish and distract from Bitcoin's primary value proposition: a stateless money.
@_date: 2014-06-23 23:52:36
You are approaching this all wrong, and you are trying hard to prove a point...it is apparent in the way you are rephrasing things.
Bitcoin does not ultimately do things that banks do, as much as it eliminates the need to do many of the things that banks do, or at the very least, gives people a viable way to not use banks, and to store their wealth in a very inexpensive way such as a paper wallet.
Yes, that means that part of securing your bitcoin is on your end and certainly isn't without costs.  But the other side of that is internal to the ledger (both of banks and the bitcoin Blockchain).  The auditing that banks perform on just their own ledgers and other systems which do have some analogy to the mining on the blockchain represents substantial costs, energy, and labor.  And again banking is just one "thing" that can be partly or wholey eliminated by using bitcoin....not to mention things that can't even really be done without bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:04:31
First of all, when you hear people and the media tell you something to the effect that "bitcoin is unregulated" and that it is in need of "regulation"; don't be one of the well-trained fools who accept that on its face.
Not all regulation is explicit and bitcoin usage has been affected by government interference into our lives in direct and in unintended ways already.  Few people, even here in acknowledge the detrimental effects that FinCen's MSB requirements have had on the exchange industry, and the ease of getting fiat into and out of exchanges.  Even fewer still are paying attention to what the (likely) tax status of bitcoin (i.e. capital gains tax) does to the ability to use bitcoin as a money.  No one is going to be able to fully comply with the tracking and reporting requirements of treating bitcoin as a capital asset, while spending it and earning it like they do their dollars/fiat now . . . at least not without going to great pains (which only the most die-hard ideological bitcoin fans will do. . . cutting off the average person from ever being enticed by using bitcoin in a legal manner).
The use of bitcoin may have already enabled people like Julian Assange to continue with Wikileaks, where he otherwise would not have been able to.  This is not even getting into the subject of whether money itself is or isn't a form of speech.  It's the reason why Charlie Shrem (of BitInstant) was publicly arrested and will probably spend most of the rest of his life in prison (for possibly helping people to get bitcoin with which they could then buy drugs in a safer way than on the streets), yet HSBC gets out of possibly the biggest "money laundering" operation of all time, with basically a slap on the wrist.
More indirectly:  the very existence of (and taxation for) the regulatory services which the government monopolizes, effectively crowds out market-based alternatives to state regulation and provision of things like: deposit insurance, security and certifications of best practices, full-fledged bitcoin banking services, arbitration, etc.  The whole bitcoin economy has been considerably stagnated by existing government intrusions, and fear of future regulations and prosecution.
The big picture is this:  governments (and particularly the irresponsible executive actors within governments) have the ability (and the incentives) to use discretionary or selective enforcement of laws and regulations.  We all break several laws, at least, each day.  It leaves government in near complete control over our lives, because they can choose whom to "mess" with at a whim; and will have nearly full societal backing to their actions, when they do mess with the people they don't like; because, hey. . .they're just "doing their job".  Enforcing the law.  We're a country of laws, and law-abiding citizens, right?  If they arrest somebody, that person must be bad, because we're a democracy and so the laws are legitimate and must be there for a good reason, right?
It becomes all too easy, for government to channel public discourse and the media generally, and the ability to de-fund and effectively silence actors whom they do not like and agree with.  Do not believe for a second that western democracies are above the temptation and practice of doing this on a regular, systematic basis (even the "good" politicians).  They can't help it.  The power is there, we give it to them, and they often believe they will do good with it.  But the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
As you can see:  the issue is way beyond the scraps of so-called rights that governments deign to grant to us in their constitutions. . . however, hopefully this perspective can give you some insight into how money/bitcoin and speech are interrelated.
@_date: 2014-12-20 04:06:02
That's fine if you don't want to read through all of it....but you asked for a step by step explanation.  What did you expect? Do you think any philosophy worth it's salt can be expressed in a soundbyte?  And what you would have learned by reading it is really intermediate and has some prerequisite study.
Then you have the gall to proclaim that "libertarianism" just doesn't work and would lower our standard of living.....please tell me: how have you come to that conclusion without having (admittedly) done your due diligence to make that claim?  Or feel free to correct me if you have studied other works of relevant libertarian/anarchist scholars, economists, and philosophers.  Or is the idea of it in your head a muddled strawman having something vaguely to do with ayn rand, tea partiers, and maybe something you saw on making fun of Ron Paul....or maybe you went really deep and saw a youtube video of Stephan Molyneaux, and you figured you understood the context and had these crazy ancaps pegged for the complete lunatics they are.  
Please go ahead and try to accurately restate even one single premise of the theory or philosophy you denounce, and then attempt to falsify that.  By the way the text was in regards to agorism, which is a strategy, not exclusive to the end or goal of libertarianism, but highly relevant to how and why bitcoin necessarily renders the state more obsolete (no I don't believe that bitcoin alone or any other technologies will alone or together bring about some euphoric end to the state....at least not in my lifetime.  But it is part of a larger strategy to hasten that process and necessarily offer some value, some alleviation of the ill effects of state meddling in the interim).
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:45:40
Thx.  Fixed.
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:38:45
There are some fundamental, and important principles and nuances about the economics of market-anarchism, which it's detractors (and those who dismiss the philosophy out of hand) consistently fail to grasp: namely: the problem of economic calculation by a centralized coercive monopoly, and an understanding of complex systems.
No answer that any of us could possibly give you will satisfy your question, until you study these problems enough to understand that if we could accurately predict and tell you how a free market or free society would deal with existential threats, or any other problem. . . then we would have essentially proven that central planning works.
I highly suggest a study of complex systems, especially as it relates to the incorrect methodology of the mainstream economic schools of thought, a reading of F.A. Hayek on the pretense of knowledge, and Ludwig Von Mises on the problems of calculation and the understanding of the role of prices.  Understanding that all exchanges of value (not just exchanges involving money) are subject to forms of pricing and all the same economic laws; is key to realizing the inherent problems with the very premise that modern political and economic theory is based off of.
That being said, some of us anarchists do like to surmise, on occasion as to how, specifically, freed markets (and stateless societies) would deal with particular problems.  So, keeping in mind that none of the below are predictive claims, nor intended to be claims of having a plan for the alternative systems, or roadmaps to how society *should* organize itself . . . these are merely logically thought out proofs-of-concept, as to how many of the complexities of a free society might form. . . based on over-arching economic laws and observations which we know to be true.
[Chaos Theory]( by Robert Murphy
[The Machinery of Freedom]( by David Friedman
Also it is important to be intellectually honest with ones self before dismissing an idea; to understand it more fully, than the superficial straw-man arguments constantly hurled against it.  The philosophy of liberty is, I can guarantee you, a much more scholarly tradition than you are probably aware of, with a broad range of research supporting its principles and conclusions. . . . point being:  an idea worth its salt cannot be grasped and appreciated in reddit threads and talking points;  you can't ask an honest question, and get an honest answer without being willing to actually doing real research.  There is a lot of material out there, and a whole new world for your mind to be opened to.  You'll find that virtually every objection to anarchism that has been hurled at it, and every concern over the efficacy of stateless societies; has been very thoroughly addressed, and at least fairly well dis-credited, from a utilitarian standpoint, as well as through an appeal to a common morality.
Enjoy the rabbit-hole.
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:35:33
Seeing the costs is so much different than bearing the costs directly.  People act the way they do, not mostly because of the information or lack thereof that they have regarding their government. . . but because of the incentives which it creates.
[Transparency]( as a solution to government malfeasance makes no sense on its face.
This archaic belief that: "government isn't perfect but is a necessary evil for civilized society" is the real problem.  Any reasonably wealthy developed society, will endure decades of governmental degeneration so long as they are reasonably fat and entertained. . . . even knowing full well what is going on.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:41:17
Why does it matter to you whether it's within reach of the average consumer?
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:09:36
That is, of course, their own fault for monopolizing law and justice and choosing to create an overly complex legal code, and to create laws against victimless crimes.
When your justice system can't handle the number of cases coming in, without resorting to legalized extortion. . . you're doing it completely wrong.  Allow competition, and the demand for, and price of, justice services will reflect true supply and incentivize the production of more, if needed.
@_date: 2014-09-03 04:28:49
It is something that we humans are going to have to come to grips with:  with bitcoin, there are more ways than ever to lose your money. . . but also more ways than ever to safeguard it.  Can our monkey brains expand fast enough to encompass the crypto-world that we are being thrust into?
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:54:21
When you control any money that comes into the campaign.  Public financing and equal exposure of each candidate's platform, and aggressively tracking bribes and spending once in office.  This is not that hard and countries like France do it well, with excellent results.
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:26:42
I'm really confused as to why "transparency" is this big buzz word these days. . . as if democratic nirvana will be achieved once government is "transparent".
Do people not take one critical look at their own complacency at leaked revelations and just the things that we already know of that government is actually doing. . . and not think that they would only be more complacent at those same actions, when viewed through the lense of some legitimized governmental documentation process. . . if such a thing were even probable?
Let's face it people (especially you Americans):  you're already okay with government stealing upwards of 50% of your income; you don't care that blacks and minorities are disproportionately harassed and targeted by "law enforcement"; you cheer the prison-industrial complex and drug wars as they imprison more people as a percent of population than any other country in the world, by far; you beg for this same entity to regulate bitcoin after it so monumentally failed with the rest of the monetary and financial system; you learn by way of people like Snowden and Assange the ridiculous games that your government regime is playing with the world stage; you put up with them irradiating and violating you just to get on a plane; and so many other things that they cannot even begin to be listed. . . . and you think that if government were more "transparent" then there would somehow be incentive for people to demand or vote in changes to little things. . . in the face of their permissiveness to all these huge things?!
Fuck transparency.
Long live bitcoin and may it lead to the defunding of these miserable and destructive social institutions we call governments, into oblivion.  
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:37:17
Well obviously the goverment needed to standardize and ensure ergonomic conformity for all human interface devices...so by nationalizing this industry and regulating their use, it ensured that barriers to entry for new types of human-computer interfaces ensconced the original keyboard manufacturers in their cartel positions.
@_date: 2014-03-15 21:50:38
We're not here from the government, and we're here to help.
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:17:31
I'll just copy pasta a response I just wrote in another thread because I feel it's pertinent:
If you're trying to start a bitcoin business, or comply with tax code and MSB requirements....then I'm afraid the U.K. looks pretty friendly.
There's a disproportionate concentration of bitcoiners, full nodes, and venture capital in the U.S., so it shouldn't be surprising that the Circles and Coinbase of the world still managed to start up in the u.s. first rather than elsewhere, but there is also a reason why mt. Gox had little competition and no major u.s.-based competition before it failed spectacularly with way too much of the market share: it is far more costly and uncertain to start a business in the u.s.'s political, regulatory, and tax environment, than it is almost anywhere else on earth.
As a capital asset, there is no way for the average user here to actually go about using bitcoin as an everyday money, and possibly be in compliance with the reporting and tax requirements of the IRS. Rest assured, they will be making examples out of people here and driving investment to other shores (not to even mention what regulatory frameworks like the NYDFS's are going to do).
@_date: 2015-05-07 16:57:13


Money was always *trying* (if you'll permit my use of the word) to be just a ledger rather than a physical commodity or promisory note.....however, due to the lack of information technology and blockchain tech, it was necessary for money to develop from a physical commodity (which had other uses) for two reasons: 
1. Money needs a price (relative to all other goods and services for sale) in order to function, and anything bigger than a tiny, primative economy can't just have a list of the number of check marks on a stone in town square under your name, and list out how many of those check marks each and every good or service costs you and how many check marks each and every kind of work earns you.  A price must emerge through trade, speculation, and arbitration.
2.  A central ledger can't be trusted very well (especially the larger the economy gets).  So, scarce commodities are used because then the ledger is distributed (and private).  A central ledger without information tech makes the money not very transportable.  Either everyone needs a trustable copy of the ledger or they need access to the central ledger right from point of transaction.
Paper money (and banks) were a small step forward; it improved somewhat on the effective fungibility, durability, transportability, and homogeneity of the specie or other commodity monies.  But it has its downsides and allowed for the type of malfeasance we see in govt involvement with money.  
Commodity monies (in addition to having divisibility, transportability, durability and fungibility problems), causes a shortage of an elsewhere useful and scarce resource.
Embedded within these properties of good money that we've come to recognize (i.e. scarcity, divisibility, fungibility, etc.) is the evidence of money's tendency towards pure ledger as social technology.
Bitcoin (small 'b' unit) had to be coupled with Bitcoin (big 'B' payment network), in order to be inseparable from a certain utility or use value to help give the units price.  Bitcoin is not yet money.  So now, we are embarked on an experiment to see how quickly we can will a new money into existence....disadvantaged by the incumbent social technology and relatively low use-value of the bitcoin unit...but given advantage in the prospect and potential of bitcoin as money; a money massively more durable, fungible, divisible, transportable, scarce, and (if developers choose the right course) private, than any money preceeding it.
Until people recognize that bitcoin is not yet money, and needs to be bootstrapped, socially willed, into that position (especially as unit of account), it is not and never going to be the once in a thousand year innovation it could be.
Edit: added words
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:26:50
Losing a private key is often more like gold on a ship sinking to the bottom of the marianas trench (but not known where in the vastness of the sea it sank).  Not just dropping it somewhere obvious.
Forensic bitcoin treasure hunts do become a possibility with some private key loss.
@_date: 2014-09-23 19:52:15
Of course.  No better reason then to introduce competition into the market for judicial services, so that we can most objectively determine how best to expedite the process (where desired).  Monopolies tend to raise prices and decrease quality, and leaves only one way of doing things.   Markets cater to niches and mainstream, and cause firms to constantly have to innovate or go out of business. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:01:47
except that the reality is that mining being the very competitive and low-margin activity that it is, is necessarily done primarily by people who are depending on a return on their large ASIC investment and power bills.  I even saw a report somewhat recently that most miners were operating at a loss, but continuing to do so in expectation of future price increases.
What this means is that, while possible, it is unlikely for many miners to be able to 1. mine with ideological motives which may or may not be harmful to overall network performance, and 2. to be able to mess around with short-term bids, or have amassed the profits thus far to have the desire to cash out.
For this reason, I think that the donation system being set up for P2pool miners could see some success. . . though I'm skeptical that the donation model could be sustained for long.  The hope is that, by getting P2pool over the hump to be the largest pool (and finding the most blocks consistently) then the network effect secures them as the most beneficial pool to mine for.
@_date: 2015-05-24 19:28:10
And you are callously uncritical of the institution which deigns to take monopoly control of highways, and ignorant and irrationally tolerant of the consequences.
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:07:33
I would agree with you...if bitcoin were strictly an American phenomenon.  This could kill it in that case, and I wish more people saw how destructive this, and most every other government intrusion into peoples' business is.
However, with each nation-state that stifles bitcoin's evolution into a money...the incentive for the remaining sovereignties to defect only grows.
@_date: 2014-11-25 20:45:20
I really wish people would stop persecuting Western Union. Just defend when attacked. If Western Union wants to use the power of the state's ridiculous intellectual property laws to bully little guys. . . .sure, Streisand effect the crap out of them, or even support the guy in court if they sued him (not that I think that will happen). Most of all, do everything in your power to subvert the state and it's IP laws. The only real power here, and the source of the problem lies with the state.
You can only blame Western Union so much for utilizing the tools laid in front of them by government. . . if they didn't, they would be at a competitive disadvantage against, not only competitors, but really every other business out there. That doesn't make it right, and it's not to say that there's absolutely no way for them to do business without invoking these powers. . . but it sure comes close for a lot of firms like WU, who for the most part are providing useful and voluntary services to the market.
But this sort of stuff, where people are saying they are going to short WU stock, or mindlessly tweeting all over WU's twitter channel that they're thankful for bitcoin; this stuff just starts to get vindictive, and disproportionate and unrelated to any offense WU has committed (not to mention would probably be ineffective or backfire).
Furthermore, I really hope that more people will see past this shallow understanding of Bitcoin as simply some cool new toy with which to stick it to the banks, or Paypal, or Western Union. That kind of outlook truly cheapens what Bitcoin really is and what it is capable of helping us do as a society. Let's speak softly and carry a big stick. Bitcoin is a much bigger stick than most bitcoiners realize. . . no need to flaunt it or be macho about it.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:29:54
Loans and the amount of debt taken on by society is also a function, though, of the appreciation of their money and assets; and the need to go in to debt.  People change their behavior commensurate with money and price signals, and markets equilibrate.  
Yes, a hard and fast transition to a deflationary currency would spell trouble for those trying to pay down debts; as would volatility in general.  . . .but that's just one more reason why it is important for money (like all other human interactions) to be voluntary.  Not everyone need adopt bitcoin immediately, and not everyone need pay down their debts in bitcoin.
If your money is appreciating slowly in value; the amount that it becomes increasingly difficult to pay down debt in that money, is offset by the very same appreciation of your purchasing power.
The myth of monetary deflation being somehow worse than inflation for a modern economy, is just that:  a myth.   What is true, though, is that a deflationary money is not very compatible with the inflationary, debt-based society of monopolized fiat money which is the status quo.  But the problems stem from the coercive system set up, not the deflation itself.
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:38:57
It's really curious how similarly people perceive and react to bitcoin and anarcho-capitalism.  The less they know about it, the more they tend to vocally denounce it.
Your assessment is not even in the ballpark.  I'm genuinely curious as to what prompts you to be so dismissive of something you obviously have not studied.
@_date: 2014-12-22 05:35:06
[That's basically the gist of it. . .](
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:55:47
Yeah, it didn't stop Madoff because wall street was in bed with the regulators and so much deregulation had happened, because of people like you who don't understand how a complex economy works and want to let greed run rampant.
@_date: 2014-10-03 08:47:51
Thanks for the kind words . . . . I doubt that this comment would make a lot of sense or impact on the Amazon review, without changing a lot of stuff for context.  Feel free to use whatever parts of it you think are pertinent, and make them your own words.
@_date: 2014-05-29 06:35:38
You mean, bitcoin is not a series of money tubes?
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:07:35
Thank you for working to dispel the economic befuddlement which plagues humanity.   
3 mBTC 
@_date: 2014-12-27 02:54:26


Obtaining dollars is required to use credit card/paypal/bank transfer.  What's your point?  I don't understand the logic of thinking that it was ever the point of Bitcoin to somehow just make it a digital U.S. dollar...or find some magical way of making dollars magically and immediately convertable to bitcoin (or vice versa).
If you want dollars; sell/trade your labor or a good for dollars.  If you want Euros; sell/trade your labor or a good for Euros, and either try to get people and businesses to accept Euros in exchange for things you want, or don't complain that they don't accept them, when you made the choice to earn Euros instead of whatever money they are accepting.  If you want bitcoin; sell/trade your labor or a good for bitcoins, and understand from the get go that it is its own currency/digital commodity, as separate from dollars as Euros are from dollars, and that "Bitcoin" is certainly not a company making any claims to any effect...let alone promising ease in exchanging from itself into an entirely unrelated money.  Also don't forget that it is government meddling, almost entirely, which has created the difficulties and costs of exchanging bitcoin to and from government monies (not to mention all goods and services, since they have made that also a taxable event).
Bitpay is making no claims whatsoever (nor should they) as to the method or ease of their clients' customers obtaining bitcoin; only that accepting of this unrelated currency can (through Bitpay's service) allow the client to get paid in bitcoin at a lower fee rate than which they can accept fiat money through credit cards, *and* also convert those (or a portion of those) bitcoins into fiat, should they wish to, as part of each transaction.
Bitcoin is not just another payment system, get that through your head.  It is a proto-money.  Bitpay might as well have nothing to do with Bitcoin, if they are going to just be another payment network, as you seem to insist they should be.
@_date: 2014-02-12 20:30:11
Typical government crap too.
@_date: 2014-08-10 05:00:46
You can now mention a username in your comment and changetip will parse it.
So you could pay it forward to, say, @_date: 2014-12-06 05:53:55
Not really.  Could you expound upon that?
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:21:54
I disagree.  Much of political corruption like this is a market signal for what consumers/the people really want.  Democracy is a poor method for effectively producing desired laws.  A single party system like China's can be even worse, at times.  
Powerful interests lobbying or bribing politicians is not optimal (free competition in governance is optimal), but it can be the next best thing, when monopoly government is the fixture. Powerful interests can be poorly aligned with market demands...but not as absolutely as politicians' and rulers' interests.  The "corruption" is just a round about market signal; saying that a significant number of people value getting around a law more than all the costs and inefficiencies associated with the chain of corruption and bribery, and opportunity costs of not having the particular law in effect.
@_date: 2014-06-20 02:39:33
The problem goes beyond the government not being able to regulate properly because of ineptness, what have you; the problem is also that there is no way for a central entity, insulated from prices (profit and loss test), to know what "properly" is....not to mention "properly" for whom.
Values and opportunity costs cannot be measured or known by means of observations of demand, or even by surveying or polling.  Only the individual, by having to bear the cost (and sacrificing the next best thing in order to have their preference) can signal, in a non-arbitrary manner, what ends they truly prefer...in light of what other ends they cannot now achieve.
Furthermore, governments monopolize regulation and therefore offer only one "product" to the public, their customers.  One size will never fit all, and their activities will necessarily favor some groups at the expense of others.
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:41:13


As you say, it's drastic.  Though i don't know of any other really good, non-arbitrary way to distribute coins, yet not have inflation in perpetuity. 
On the other hand, though markets are usually far from completely efficient; the release of bitcoins is fairly predictable, and thus investors can compensate more easily than the way they have to hang on every word of the Fed and read between the lines and play that whole game.  My view is that if you're trying to model anything in economics, it had better be an exceptionally narrow piece of it, with well understood forces, using solid micro-foundations.  Even then, you're setting yourself up for failure by trying to predict the future with it.  We cannot make assumptions with complex systems and we can't isolate the variables.


*Keynesian economics being known in bitcoin and libertarian communities as money printing. It was implemented as a regulatory device within the economic shortly after the great depression.*
Well, what texts have you read from an opposing viewpoint?  I've read General Theory and other mainstream macro texts.  I'm pretty sure I understand them well enough to see the flaws in the arguments and the premise. Suffice it to say that no single comment I could post here is going to rebut what a large portion of the economics profession believes.   Keynes was not big on monetary stimulus anyway, favoring fiscal stimulus, with previously applied counter-cyclical spending/saving.  You gotta do your due diligence.  Once you're at least somewhat versed in Austrian business cycle theory and [capital-based macro]( ; I would suggest reading Rothbard's America's Great Depression, which is the most painstaking history of the Fed's activities before and during that time, and clearly exposes the fallacy in thinking that deflation was a cause of the prolonged downturn, rather than an effect of prior inflationary policy.


Does it? Probably it does stimulate demand in certain ways...but there's a purpose and an order to *what* the market demands and invests in, and when.  You can't just arbitrarily stimulate demand (even if you call it aggregate demand) and think that's the same as what the market would have ordered, and that there's no consequences....otherwise, you necessarily believe that we could just start making thousands of time more donuts today (we all love donuts right?) and divert resources from other areas of the economy (even those unemployed people and resources) and that magically we'd be wealthier.  Because hey! GDP would have gone up, and we would have achieved full employment!  Just because stimulus tends to restructure the economy in less fanciful and extreme ways as I gave above, does not mean that it does not similarly hurt the economy, rather than help it...just possibly to a lesser degree than if we just diverted resources to donut-making.
More importantly, you have to question why resources and labor fell idle or underutilized in the first place, rather than assuming it as a structural feature.  Markets clear, if they are allowed to.  Keynes did not refute Say's law.


Well sure! What else is there besides consumption and investment...I suppose if you define those narrowly enough, there's other things like "hoarding".  When you understand these things as processes in time, the distinctions become somewhat meaningless, and hoarding is just future investment and spending.  Now who knows best whether we need current or future goods more?
Look, it's not rocket surgery and it's not magic: economic growth happens because we defer some present consumption or spending, in order to invest in higher orders of capital and lengthen the structure of production (e.g. Robinson Crusoe stops fishing by hand for one day, and goes without fish, in order to build a net. He can now catch more fish than he could before....yet his GDP had to go down for a while). 


Sure.  Show that that growth happened due to policy, and not in spite of it.  Good luck.  Or you can understand the meaning of growth and the mechanisms that create it, and clearly see that central planning is unlikely to have been able to be anything but dead-weight.
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:02:18
DAOs?  Distributed Autonomous Organization.  Blockchain based services, such as Lighthouse, or OpenBazaar.
Anyway, that comment was like 80% me taking a piss, 20% why the hell not?  It would at least piss some people off and get some statist panties in a wad.
@_date: 2015-05-25 17:46:47
What you've hit on is the great folly of mainstream economics, and the reason for Austrian perspective (not that each doesn't have its merits and particular uses...but neoclassical and new kenesian macro tend to throw all micro-foundations out the window and forget that economics is a soft science; a social science where not all factors are ever known and cannot be controlled for).
Most important is the insight that an economy (and economic phenomena) are caused by and dependant upon are far more than just what monetary metrics we can observe. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:52:12
inB4: But who will build the roads!?  Think of the children!  
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:26:05
You are very confused.  Who are these leaders who can impose their will on us?  
You've already had ample explanation of our position of voluntary coordination and emergent orders, vs. centralized, coercive control...yet you continue to either misunderstand, or strawman the position of liberty as being one which advocates NO planning or NO cooperation.  There is nuance and abstract thinking required here...but its not *that* difficult.
You must be truly challenged, in which case, I am sorry to have come across so harsh...or you're just trolling.
@_date: 2014-09-04 20:18:07


You should never be trying to remember addresses.  You should not generally be repeating use of addresses.  You should be getting and giving a unique address almost every time you initiate a transaction. 
Wallet software should never assume that a person still has control or ownership of the private keys of an address they sent from, or previously received to.  That's just the nature of bitcoin (and best practice) to only use addresses once. . . .and while it is a good idea to try to hang on to (archive) all old addresses, and hang on to old wallets just in case someone does try to send money to an old one. . . .it is very difficult for anyone to do this; especial across the broad and ever-changing array of new wallets and software and tools that are being made available.
Hiding addresses behind contacts sounds like a good idea at first, but there will be many tears.  Maybe there will be developed a way to accomplish this in the future. . . Maybe a namecoin-like blockchain service could be side-chained to bitcoin, and then a pegged number of units transferred to that namecoin chain from bitcoins, could then be transfered back to the bitcoin-proper chain, at the recipient's discretion and in a more anonymous way.  I really don't know how it could work; but a good way has not yet been invented.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:44:22
Bitcoin stands for- begging a coercive monopoly to apply secondary regulations to some institutions who have been arbitrarily shielded from competition by the coercive monopoly's primary interventions?
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:50:41


Define "good".  If people willingly choose something, over the opportunity cost. . . is that not the most objective definition of good we have?


We always have to wait and see.  No one can predict the future, and economic variables cannot all be known and controlled for.  But we can know certain things, before they are observed empirically; such as the laws of supply and demand and other economic phenomena.  We can know with relative surety that, ceteris paribus (all other things equal), voluntarily organized systems deliver more value, and do not distort mutually beneficial exchange.  Note that that doesn't mean that we necessarily observe clear advantages with one or the other. . . because their is no running economic experiments in petri dishes, side by side.  If you take a presently undeveloped country, and made it extremely economically free, and then took a developed country and imposed massive economic controls (for the children of course). . . I would still bet on the developed country coming out ahead in all sorts of important metrics for a good long while.  Minimum wage laws put downward pressure on employment (a priori); but if you removed minimum wage laws from a backwards or stagnant part of the U.S. and then imposed high minimum wages (like say $20/hr) in some burgeoning tech market of the U.S. . . . I'd still bet on the burgeoning tech market (the Seattle or the Silicon Valley) to produce higher employment numbers and growth, than the place that got rid of minimum wage. . . for a good long while.  The real question is always, how much better could the world's monetary system have been if all variables had remained the same except the existence of Bitcoin/gold/hard asset in place of central banks?  How much more employment could there have been in Seattle, if not for the minimum wage.  We can't look back at history and say that people were just stupid, or if they had this regulation, or that social safety net, or this monetary policy, that they would have been so much better off.  We can't look back and confuse modernity and technology for enlightenment or better government or the triumph of mixed economies.  For the same reasons why you can't just outlaw child labor in Bangladesh (guess where the kids all go: prostitution and starvation) and imagine that makes things better.  In the U.S., child labor ended because we grew wealthy enough to, not only care about the problem, but to end it.  National level legislation came after child labor was already nearly ended and most kids were attending school.  You can't look at immature markets and their volatility and their lack of discipline and regulation. . . and imagine that government systems weren't given the chance, over decades, to learn from many many mistakes and failures and evolve into the comprehensive systems they are now.  We have been trained to apply a nirvana fallacy to government. . . but not give markets the benefit of the doubt and the requisite time to develop similar discipline.
There are so many factors and forces in play in an economy; you can't just look at statistics or historical data, and expect there to be one reasonable, rational conclusion based solely on looking at that evidence, so . . . .


See above.  Your worries are borne of a fear which our culture and society and schools (to some extent) inculcate in us:  this need to feel in control of complex systems which are inescapably out of human control (at least out of control of any single entity or intentional groups).  To feel like there's a plan, that you can grasp.
You need to learn how markets function.  You need to understand what value is, and why we can reasonably expect markets to produce better results than central control.  You need to understand the calculation problem.  You need to understand what mechanisms markets have to produce public goods, and get around transaction costs, and internalize externalities, and you need to understand why current monetary policy and state/central bank control is detrimental and not just "imperfect" or needing of a few tweaks.  You need to understand why it is fundamentally flawed and how it has created massive distortions (along with government interventions of other kinds) all over the economy, which have created the outcomes and the phenomena which people like you observe and blame on "capitalism" or free markets; when nothing of the sort has been allowed to function.
There is no evidence to clearly suggest one way or the other. . . but there is understanding of economic laws, markets, and complex system which teaches us to chill out and just rationally pursue our self-interested and selfless aims, and let the incomprehensibly complex societal memory and information network, called *prices* to guide our actions, into an emergent whole which creates the highest net value we as humans can achieve given our present circumstances.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:12:54
You are correct.  That is not what I meant.
@_date: 2014-05-25 07:21:08
You're not going to change government.  It is a parasite on society, and always will be.  An entity to which the bulk of society grants moral license to do things which we do not grant to any other group or person; is such an incredibly powerful and tempting a thing; it will always be controlled by those who are the wealthiest, the most powerful, and the most antisocial and predatory.  
You'll see small gains being made, and a select few Ron Pauls who, for all their faults manage to fairly successfully use their elected status as a platform for preaching freedom. . . the statist hordes are tired of the message anyway. . . no amount of preaching the truth is going to turn these dogs from their vomit.  But even still, some libertarians (a big tent indeed), and especially many of those libertarians who seek public office, don't really understand what government is, and don't hold a consistent ideology.  Their message might do as much harm as good, given the chance to express it to a national audience.  But even assuming they are the "right" kind of libertarians. . . they will always be the minority.  Voting (by elected official, or by the people to elect officials) has never been an effective means of stopping the onslaught of tyranny, and that trend is not likely to reverse.  Those who hold power have great stake in preserving their hegemony (this is even putting all conspiracy theory aside and assuming benevolence on the part of the politician).  Democracy (direct and representative) suffers from (among other things) a public goods problem, wherein bad laws (i.e. those that favor the interests of a concentrated interest group, at the expense of the masses) are more likely to be produced than good laws.
Government will not be fundamentally changed; nor does bitcoin fundamentally change government. . . . it will only render it obsolete.  Agorism (the designing of counter-economic systems and products to compete with the corporatocracy) is likely to be a much more fruitful avenue; as people do not need to be ideologically converted to the principles of freedom, in order to choose anti-state alternatives.  Decentralizing technologies will be the ones that have an edge over legacy systems; including the bearing of the costs of that legacy system as it withers into irrelevance.  
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:04:51
Reason  why the state must be phased out:  legalized extortion.
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:34:39
Yes! 
If you already operate under the assumption that centrally managed monetary policy is the norm and the cure, and that deflationary recessions are the illness, rather than the hard medicine and the market trying to correct the malinvestments caused by interest rate manipulation. . .
Through a different lense; bitcoin may just serve as one of precious few lifeboats to help humanity weather a monetary and fiscal crisis, if central banks and governments can't ease and grow their way out of decades of bad policy coming to a head.  If the bitcoin unit is adopted as that sort of asset, you can very well say that it would be hastening the crash, but also speeding the recovery and providing a hedge in the interim.
Monetary deflation is bad, in a sense, for a fiat economy.  But, don't confuse slow, steady, progress-induced deflation for the phenomenon which we see in episodes like America's great depression.  For decades and centuries, gold and silver and other hard assets served as money (they became so without any government decrees or coinage and without central banks) and they were, most of the time deflationary.  
Gov'ts had less direct control over the money supply, though that's not to say they had none, and they certainly had control over banking.  [See Rothbard's "History of Money and Banking in the United States"]( for a fairly exhaustive examination of what factors led to the infamous bank runs and panics of the "free banking" era.  (Hint: it had little to do with the gold standard itself).  As a simple falsification of that premise, all one has to do is look at Canada which differed critically only in its banking structure and regulations, yet enjoyed decades of stability under the gold standard.  
Some of this flies in the face of what many schools of economics will teach or are willing to delve into, and the whole idea of deflationary money and  applicable periods in 19th century America are ignorantly and bluntly dismissed as dark times of "laissez-faire" capitalism and robber baron rule.  What they are usually smart enough not to do is deny that post- civil-war and pre-WWI America experienced some of the most sustained and drastic economic growth the world has ever seen...all under a gold standard, and generally deflationary environment.  It is also not conclusively shown that the pre-federal reserve recessions were any worse or more frequent than since the Fed.
There is no reason to suspect that a world using bitcoin as a reserve currency (and bitcoin even improves on gold in many ways) would suffer any negatives consequences directly due to bitcoin's (eventually) deflationary nature.
More importantly, markets have mechanisms with which to expand and contract the money supply (rationally; vs. the arbitrary and often political calculations of central banks).
I'm on mobile but PM me if you'd like more citations, or further explanation.
@_date: 2014-10-12 20:30:01


I agree.  Bitcoin will succeed because of what it does that banks *cannot* do.  What banks can do is payments.  They already have standardized clearinghouses and networks.  
You have a very shallow understanding of bitcoin if you think of it as a clearinghouse only.  That's the point.  The banks (or perhaps apple/google/paypal) aren't going to lose that race.  As a decentralized movement, Bitcoin users and entrepreneurs cannot and will not be as organized in affecting the main hurdles to innovation (which are government controls, subsidizations of incumbent systems, etc.).  Technology is not the main barrier for achieving the kinds of payment innovations and outcomes that we're talking about.  Whatever Circle or Coinbase can or will do to add ease-of-use and efficiency to transfering fiat over bitcoin (which will necessarily be off-blockchain and centralized), banks/paypal/apple/google will be able to do just as well, and probably better because they already own the government apparatus.  In the first world, transfers between users of different banks is already almost free and very quick and very secure. . . . the problem is in having to use fiat, and having to trust the banks and the government.  Most of what you people who view bitcoin shallowly think are it's advantages, are easily matched with innovations in interface.  The inefficiencies and physical necessities which comprise the legacy system are already subsidized and socialized.  They are already paid for.  Sunk costs.  
Bitcoin will win on fronts that these entities cannot possibly and would not go into.
@_date: 2014-09-23 02:37:25
Sounds to me like the perfect kind of thing that Bitpay or Coinbase would want to be involved in; to provide fee-free fiat conversion for.  They would get the exposure they want, lubricate the wheels of donation, and probably bring in a lot more future or potential bitcoin buyers, who would now have a great incentive to create a wallet with and verify a bank account with one of these services. . . in order to receive donations.
Win-win.  
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:05:39
You *can't* have a second copy of gold or cash.  That's the point.  The argument is not that bitcoin is better than gold or cash necessarily. . . it's that it gives you a set of tools to make it better than gold or cash, should you choose to be wise.
Yes, you have to be smart with bitcoin. . . in fact you have to be almost flawless, and think of many contingencies, otherwise you risk your money.  Bitcoin is like fire; don't play with it or you get burned, but it can be extremely powerful and productive as well.
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:08:24


I'm sure that you could tell me the economic textbook definition; but it seems very unlikely that you're really understanding how the concept undermines the ability to say that "having GPS is better than having 100 additional factories (or whatever the number would be, we can't know) which employed poor people, increased their productivity, and gave them on the job training which allowed them to advance to higher paying jobs which allowed them to put kids through college who would have otherwise not gone to college" . . .etc.


I don't know that it would necessarily require private entities or cooperatives to organize as large as government programs, in order to achieve similar outcomes.  I don't see why it would, although I would agree that more funding, whether in the private or gov't funded context, will tend to be necessary for scientific research and advancements of large scope.  But there is no guaranteeing that a private entity, in the absence of gov't and it's crowding out effect, could not get sufficiently large in order to tackle those big scientific questions which are deemed most worthy to answer, and/or which market prices have directed resources into.  Again, look at the empirical evidence by Terrence Kealy and others, showing the futility of relying on public funding for science.  It just simply doesn't support the belief that government funding is necessary or even more productive.


You're still comparing the atrophied and crowded out anecdotes of spaceX (which isn't really even a private company, so much as government contract), and the few example of private road funding and building (which there are probably more than you realize), but which anyhow are only shadows of what a marketplace for these things could or would be if the funds (and cultural deference to their production) hadn't been taken by government in the first place.  If you take away anything from this conversation, please understand that very little of what you observe in economic life around you is in any way "private" or somehow a reflection of how markets behave.  You are witnessing only shadows of markets, and the results of distortions everywhere.  You do not live in a very free society (assuming you also live in the U.S.) and the rhetoric of the U.S. being the "capitalist" country vs. the democratic-socialism of some European states, is largely a myth, and belies a complete misunderstanding of what markets and freedom are.  Don't be caught assuming that the U.S. is significantly less fascist than Northern European states are socialist.  Authoritarianism by any name still stifles markets and the growth that could have been, even if it is difficult to compare absolute levels of freedom between two very different places.  And what about none?  Again, you have given no indication that *some* space exploration is definitely better than none.  My gut feeling is that it is. . . but that's a question that only a market can determine, by definition.  We cannot say what the individuals within society (and by extension society as a whole) value most to accomplish from their limited resources, by political vote and will of a basic majority.  That is not how the heuristic process of markets and prices work, which allow multiple avenues/choices, and for resources to flow to those avenues.  You cannot satisfy 315 million people with any one set of economic policies.  And to think that there is no other way, is just silliness and ignores all evidence and logic which I've laid out and which is abundantly clear.  The other way is markets; and they work very well for everything that we allow them to work for.  They fail for everything in which we use force and theft to intervene. .. but they do so with diffuse costs and concentrated benefits, and the relative foolishness and short time preference of the average monkey brain allows the farce to continue.


Again, who's to say we wanted or needed a highway system (or at least one in the way in which it was built)?  Why don't we have a comprehensive high-speed passenger rail system across the U.S. and better public transportation?  These things which are more prevalent in other countries, have been crowded out here in the U.S.. . . and the same people who usually bitch about the environmental impact and distatsteful urban culture which sprung up as a result of this manifest destiny highway system which you praise, are the same people who defend it's necessity just like you.  The highway system, just like the internet, was a technology/advancement who's time had come, and which the necessities of the time demanded.  That is why they came about.  


Absolute rubbish.  Where is the reasonable person I was talking to?  Why is it not possible?  Again, there were other protocols (from public and private universities and private companies) which almost became the standard of the internet.  You're seem unaware that universities like MIT and Harvard and Yale, which are the pride of the U.S. and world higher education system, are private.  Do you really think TCP/IP couldn't possibly have come out of the research done in one of these places?  And yes, I know that they get public research funding and grants.  Don't nitpick on meaningless technicalities; think bigger; funding for basic research in private universities can and has been from non-government sources; see the bigger picture.  You're literally ignoring all reason and everything I've explained and all evidence to the contrary.  I don't understand where this willful ignorance comes from when people say stuff like this.


Yes, publicly funded technologies, which were funded because it was research being done in the private sector first, to fill particular needs.  You're still missing the point completely.  Who cares who funded it and how intertwined it was with public funding or research?  Everything in the world is that way.  Edison didn't really invent the lightbulb, because he built on discoveries of people before him.  The government could have never built airplanes, because it was the Wright Brothers who did. . .therefore we would not have planes if not for the private sector!  Or, like saying the military would not have jets if it weren't for the Wright Borthers.  You see how stupid that is?  Of course you would have planes without the private sector.  Of course they would have jets without the Wright Brothers' discovery.  


Public education is one of the worst ideas in history and is responsible for more death and destruction (i.e. it is one of the ultimate causes of the religious worship of the state and blind patriotism which leads nations to war).  Public education sucks at it's stated goals as well.  Would you want Walmart to have a monopoly on educating children in America?  There is little difference between giving that power to walmart and giving it to the government.  There is simply a culture of trust and expectation in government agents to behave a certain way. . . but that rarely produces the necessary incentive structure to produce those results.  Stop demanding monopolies on things.  Prices always go up and quality goes down.  Markets would have produced a dizzying array of education products, services, opportunities, modes of learning, apprenticeships, and so many different curricula it would make your head spin, and all a costs which would better educate the poorest among us.  Our system specifically, is indefensible.   It is modeled after the Prussian system aimed to produce not educated humans, but obedient non-thinkers who will not question authority.


Interesting that you see that as a disadvantage to yourself. . . typically, we anarchists are told that our "system" would never work, and that's why we don't see it in existence now.  Then we are asked to explain how every detail of every facet of live and economy and governance would function in a world without government. . . and derided and discounted for not having all the answers. . . and especially when we try to explain that the very nature of markets is such that: if we could plan out and explain how everything would evolve and work in a free market (which we can't) that would only validate the very concept of central planning which we have shown to be impossible (as per the problems of economic calculation, and other systemic problems with central government which I haven't even gotten into here).  No, I'm sorry.  The advantage lies with you.  You have reality and status quo to fall back on and give real world examples of how things are and put the onus on me to describe a whole complex world necessary to show how and why a free market would produce better results.   
Now is the point where you either talk past all the evidence and logic I have laid out, or you accept that they way that you have been looking at the world is a little bit skewed from reality, and the laws of economics.
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:51:28
Plus, like said, this is likely to exempt the customer from capital gains reporting.  I agree that is likely.  That in itself is a huge reason to use a service like this if you're going to regularly buy and sell using bitcoin.
I just wish that the IRS hadn't created the need for this valuable service in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-12 04:55:39
Bitcoin es peligroso? .... Peligroso es mi segundo nombre.
@_date: 2014-07-19 13:14:46
We stop inconveniencing you with our euphoric poetry the moment you call off your government thugs from beating, robbing, and molesting us for non-compliance to your arbitrary rules.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:10:20
You are highly misinformed about the social sciences if you don't understand why the laws of economics trump observed data.
Hint: demand curves don't always slope downward, but we don't consider this a falsification of the law of demand.  *ceteris paribus* Brah.  Learn what it means.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:30:19
I don't know why you're being downvoted. . . maybe there's some history here I don't know about.  Just know it wasn't me; your question seems reasonable enough.
I'm not going to get in to a mindless "legitimacy" vs. "anarchy" debate.  I'm not interested in the false dichotomies.
But in terms of the software issues; mostly anecdotal (but a lot of it), and I can refer you to the [continually]( [unresolved]( similar issues, of many [others]( who have been experiencing similar issues as mine, which consistently go completely unresolved.  They keep announcing that they were down for just a bit, but that everything is back to [normal]( . .but each time, more and more [devices]( no longer work with their app.  There is a growing number of cases where blockchain.info wallet simply becomes inoperative on people's computers and phones, and it's not getting fixed.  I will probably be switching to mycelium for my easy spending wallet if blockchain doesn't shape things up in a hurry.  I literally haven't been able to use my wallet for several weeks now, and once I have to use my coins and restore my private keys from my backup file. . . I ain't restoring it to blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:13:22
These Americans' government is crazy!
Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:46:38
Sorry.  There is no tl;dr
Ideas worth their salt require patient, detailed explanation to convey, and consistent logic and the ability to sometimes think abstractly, to understand.
Otherwise. . . we're reduced to learning lessons from Apple.
@_date: 2015-05-26 15:20:43
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:45:21
As important as adoption is, economies are not built in present consumption alone, but upon large stores of wealth, and future oriented returns.
@_date: 2014-08-03 07:58:04


Indeed.  Fretting about what's going on with the Foundation:  a sure sign of a small mind.


Most will be content with there remaining a centre of development. . .  a group of "core developers".  They fear and will shun schisms; but alternative directions in the code, and those battles for the minds and the value they bring to each fork is a battle worth waging and a process that can't be short-cutted, in order to really progress.


That's the apolitical, or rather, anti-political reality that he's talking about.  That's what market anarchism is: allowing law, without rulers, and without imposed hierarchies, to develop and emerge naturally and sustainably.  
Libertarianism usually prescribes a particular legal convention.  
It frankly doesn't even matter what Satoshi thought.  Even his brilliance, like anyone's, is limited to what we can conceive of doing with the things we create.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:48:55


I agree, they are misunderstanding and mis-applying this term: "free market".  


Governments don't generally like (or rather the incentives structure inherent to monopoly governance models tends towards the constricting of) markets free from their coercion and regulation.  Just a basic empirical observation of the development of states and their inexorable degeneration into oligarchies and tyranny is enough by itself to form this conclusion reasonably.  But I can certainly get into economic theory which spells it out in a more technical way.  So, to say that governments "hate us for our freedom", is a lot different (even if a bit hyperbolic) than saying that the muslim terrorists hate us for our freedom (i.e. it has been show through much research that their motives for their attacks center around long-standing western attacks and occupation of their lands. . . whether they are justified in their retribution or not is irrelevant as to whether they hate us for our freedom).  So, the claim makes a lot more sense than the typical conservative war cry.
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:53:32


Perhaps.  But in that case, what you say sounds like a perfect argument against supporting states. . .since you are actually institutionalizing and granting moral authority to the dominion of the powerful.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:00:51
Why must that regulation come from a coercive monopoly, like the NY state government or the federal government?
How can you be certain that what is happening with Mt.Gox (or rather the lack of robustness and competition in the exchange industry as a whole), is not a product of the regulations already in place, and the uncertainty surrounding what the coercive regulation monopoly will do next (and their crony banks)?
Do you really expect that the market would have produced anything other than a few, stagnant ensconced players in the exchange industry, given the current regulatory environment?
Do you really believe that markets have had the freedom to fill the needs of consumers and businesses in regards to insurance, arbitration, law, etc?  These are already monopolized, and/or coerced, and any private competing options have certainly and obviously been crowded out.  
Have you (or anyone) done a cost/benefit analysis on what the proposed/likely regulations would be?  Is money laundering itself really a real crime anyway?  Are the drug laws even useful or helpful?  Is a cost/benefit analysis even possible, given that value is subjective to the individual; and that there cannot possibly be a 'good' for society as a collective. . . and certainly not for societies composed of 10's of millions of people.
Sometimes, another layer of regulations (secondary) can help to mitigate some of the ills of the primary regulations already in place (e.g. existing KYC, AML, tax laws); but only at the expense of the production of other unintended consequences.  (see: the U.S.'s current financial and banking sector)  I doubt this is what you meant anyway, when you were calling for regulation.  Instead, you are blindly calling for a group of legitimized thugs to threaten everybody who uses bitcoin in NY (and possibly outside of NY the way these guys work), so that you can feel warm and fuzzy.
No, I will not respect this opinion, because it is not an opinion:  it is a legitimate threat.  I will never tolerate violence and threats of violence and ruining peaceful peoples' lives, just to cater to some authority figure, or to the ignorance of people like you.
@_date: 2014-12-27 17:43:36
Try to think about it this way:
Every statement in economics should be attached to (or it is implied that it is attached to) a statement of *cetaris paribus* (meaning "all other things being equal").
There are always many many forces at play within a complex system like an economy (psychological, exogenous, catallactic forces, etc.).  This is one reason why there is such wide and fundamental disagreement among economists and economic schools of thought (as compared to say, the minor disagreements among top minds in the hard sciences.)  It is difficult, maybe impossible, to isolate variables when testing and observing things empirically in an economy.  You cannot control.  
Even the law of demand itself, does not state that: "if price of a good decreases, you will empirically observe an increase in demand".  In fact, there are things called "giffen goods" where the law of demand seems to be reversed (e.g. wine is often demanded more highly, the higher its price).  But this is in fact just a psychological factor at play in the economy and market for wine.  The law of demand (as correctly stated, preceded by "cetaris paribus") is still very much in play; but is overwhelmed by the psychological factor of people demanding the more expensive wine.
With bitcoin, the law of supply is indeed in effect (that, all things being equal, the price of a bitcoin will be higher, the fewer the supply).  But with Mt. Gox imploding. . . all things were not equal.  You can bet that that created a very significant psychological effect upon the bitcoin space, and the image of bitcoin towards potential buyers.  There are certainly also many many other forces in play, which produced the prices we're seeing now.  But we do know, with certainty, that, had Mt. Gox not imploded, and literally nothing else changed, (including our psychological perception of the stability of bitcoin and bitcoin industry), other than 6% of coins magically disappearing. .  .we would have observed an increase in the price.
@_date: 2014-07-23 20:39:40
If all the animals along the equator were capable of flattery, then Halloween and Thanksgiving would fall on the same day.
@_date: 2014-04-28 03:54:55
It's not a more even playing field, because it doesn't even have the regulatory protections put in place in the real money economy.   
@_date: 2014-08-05 04:39:49
Andreas changed his name to Mike?
@_date: 2014-01-15 23:40:48
So tired of this retarded, 1-sided look at net neutrality.  It's like just about everything else people look at and want a 1-sided fix for. 
People are poor.  Oh, well, let's just give them money, and an increasingly higher "living wage", to afford the ever more expensive costs of living around them.  Rarely does anyone take a look at why everything is so expensive.  Or why are so many falling into poverty in the first place.
Healthcare is expensive and the industry corrupt.  Oh, well let's just pass a law making sure that EVERYONE now has to use this expensive health-care system and to a greater degree.  Rarely does anyone take a look at why it has gotten so expensive and corrupt in the first place, and try to eliminate barriers and controls on supply and competition.
Evil broadband providers are going to discriminate against certain types of network traffic, and because of their near monopoly on ISP service in some areas, they will be able to effectively ban some content for some people or make it more expensive to get.  Well, could it possibly be that there are forces and incentives which have cartelized ISP's, and created an economy of scale for bundled services?  Could it possibly be that municipalities have granted virtual monopolies to particular ISP's in their areas?  Could it possibly be that other rules and laws and regulations on the federal level have created an incentive for all carriers across the board to have to be cautious, even punitive, regarding certain types of traffic and certain content?
You truly have to be completely brain-dead in one lobe, and clueless of the world around you, to be afraid of the ISP's, and businesses in general as the root cause of the censorship and the discrimination, and the throttling.  Or to see the FCC and government in general as the solution.
Unfortunately, people are far too short-sighted to ever understand the bigger picture and embrace a more sustainable solution to these problems.  Fortunately, things like bitcoin, provide a more tangible benefit for people to latch onto and unwittingly support a solution to the root causes of monetary problems; no need to intellectually convert the masses to sound money.  Hopefully, something like mesh networks, will provide a similar tool, to leapfrog over the inability to intellectually convert people towards supporting a real solution to the problems of net (non)-neutrality.
Until people renounce their religion of statism, or someone develops another bitcoin-like solution to overcome government impediment and incompetence . . . prepare for an increasingly shitty world.  Here's to hoping that bitcoin will crush every mind-numbingly stupid pillar of the status quo, and send this backwater economy crashing to the ground so that the adults can start to pick up the useful pieces and build something amazing, sustainable and peaceful.
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:50:45
Yes.  Sorry to waste your time.
I'm sick and tired of all the retarded arguments here from people who claim to understand (and how to refute) Austrian economics and market anarchy as ideas, when they clearly have never learned a thing about it beyond some MSM hit piece by an author who also never so much as cracked open Mises or Hayek or Rothbard.
I am consistently garnering upvotes, and often more than my interlocutors who are making reasoned arguments; simply by copypasta-ing whatever statist argument even remotely fits the context.  I can out-argue these people on their own economic grounds/school of thought, when the situation presents itself to delve into the technicalities, without much more effort than the semi-random talking points.  
This should frighten thinking people and cause them to question what they were taught a little more.  It won't, and that's fine.  I'm having my fun.
@_date: 2014-09-19 14:45:44
The scary thing is that so many people seem to think this is a strength of the dollar.  They think strength is coercive force.  Those who actually understand bitcoin's value, know that good ideas are far more powerful.
You don't need to be an anarchist to like bitcoin for various reasons....but it defies explanation if the success of bitcoin, (a voluntary currency gaining network effect both without the use of this coercive force and in spite of this coercive system), does not cause supporters of the state to now at least question what could and should be done voluntarily. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 07:13:30
Bitcoin owner. . .hah!  Don't they know the difference between an owner and a CEO?
@_date: 2014-01-13 18:52:59
Like the dentist always says:  you only need to offline store the bitcoins you want to keep (-:
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:47:05
It is settled.  has ostracized us, and reminded us that our economic theories are not mainstream, therefore incorrect and not worth the time to learn or consider or debunk with logic and evidence.
Everybody go home!
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:33:08
I appreciate people trying to explain this to me, and I really am not trying to be obtuse, but I can't help but point out the inconsistencies that remain:
Bitcoin is not yet a currency.  By any meaningful definition.  It serves two of three standard functions to a limited degree, and does not serve at all as the third; a unit of account.  Unit of account means that bitcoin does not just have one price; but millions and billions of prices (i.e. every good and service available for sale for BTC, in fact prices the bitcoin unit; a bitcoin's price might simultaneously be: 1 ford focus, .025 houses, 1.5 years tuition at State U, 22,543 apples, 1,000 sessions of yoga, etc, etc.).  Right now, bitcoin is not unit of account.  It has but one price at any given time; $479 US Dollars right now (yes, and other currencies, but they are all liquid monies, not non-homogeneous goods and thus are arbitraged to effectually be the same price).  No goods or services that I know of are priced in bitcoin.  They are priced in fiat, and bitcoin is used as proxy; a payments rail for transferring fiat.   And that's great.  Not disparaging that.  But bitcoin is not money.  It's value does not float independently of other currencies.   
Other than needing to get more user/security friendly, it is already performing marvelously as a payments system.  Sure it's not as widespread as paypal, but for Thiel to be saying that the measure of bitcoin success is to be a more widespread payment system, like paypal: that means bitcoin is already becoming successful. . . so he is essentially saying that for bitcoin to be successful, it needs to be more successful.  Does't really make sense.  And I'm still dubious that he would use the wording that he did, to mean what you all say he is meaning.  He said bitcoin is money and needs to be a payment system, pretty clearly.  
I can't see how someone as smart as Peter Thiel, does not see the importance both the potential of bitcoin becoming its own monetary unit; and the speculation that is inevitable (given it's non-status as money, but it's potential to become one).  I really don't think he's dumb enough to compare the two; paypal and bitcoin; and to not see the fundamental differences in their nature and makeup and stated aims of the early adopters and creators. . . .but apparently I'm wrong.
He wouldn't be the first public figure to take an odd, underhanded, and seemingly non-sequitur swipe at bitcoin, and the crypto-anarchist, anti-state anti-fed monetary ethos surrounding the movement.
There's a very distinct push and propaganda being spread that wants to domesticate bitcoin. . . and it isn't going to happen.  Bitcoin will be valued for what it is (not friendly to central control), or it will fail.  There is no neutering it to payment system only.  It's all or nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:06:16


I'm not sure what human nature is.  I think it is very malleable; and highly dependent upon environment and culture.  If you're implying that an immediate end of government would create a period of chaos in our present society as power vacuums get filled then toppled, etc.  Absolutely, I agree.  Statelessness is a necessary but not sufficient condition for anarchy. . . but it is not anarchy.  Statism is a religion, a condition of the mind.  One which will not fade into history quickly.  No one is suggesting that governments can go away today, and no anarcho-capitalist or market anarchist will ever ever be advocating for any kind of violent revolution.  That is why bitcoin and other decentralizing technologies are so intertwined with our belief systems. . . .not only is a gradual culture change and ideological conviction among the populace necessary to support anarchy, but our methods for a freer society also revolve much around agorism, which is the production of counter-economic goods and services, such as bitcoin, which not only overcome (grey and black markets) the monopolized offerings of the state (i.e. bitcoin takes the governments money monopoly away from them), but actually competes in terms of value, despite persecution from said monopoly government.  People will choose anarchy, in large part because anarchic solutions will provide economically more attractive options for them, and little by little render state services obsolete.  


Note that there have never been anarcho-capitalistic societies anywhere ever; so pretending to have done an empirical test is just silly (i.e. you said "living under them sucks").  Moreover, it is a logical fallacy to assert that something cannot exist or come into being simply because it hasn't before.  By that logic, a non-state, decentralized, digital currency could never come into being.  Yet here bitcoin is.  There's a lot to be desired yet, with its user-friendliness and other technical and centralization issues to be worked out; but it is indeed an agorist technology which holds great promise.  Nobody knows if it will succeed or not, but it is highly unlikely that crypto-currencies are going away.  Your grandchildren may one day wake up to a world full of decentralized and voluntary institutions that they completely take for granted (in much the same way we currently take our relative wealth and technology for granted) and not have any idea that they live in (what I would presently consider) an anarcho-capitalist society.  It won't even be a thing.  It will just be how people interact and the provision of such things like roads or police/security will just be part of voluntary market interactions, which they take for granted as much as we in the western world take markets for life-giving food on a (largely) free market for granted.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:23:45
What made up jurisdiction enclosed by magical lines on a map are you referring to?  The U.S.?  Why do you think bitcoin has not already been regulated to some degree?  More importantly to your point: why do you think that it hasn't already been negatively impacted by other state interventions directly and indirectly?  How are you taking in to account the unseen as well as the seen (i.e. opportunity costs).  Why do you think that existing state interferences aren't already priced in?  
Obviously, future interferences and regulations can't be priced in with accuracy....but certainly the regulatory uncertainty has been priced in, and thus, any future filling in of regulatory gaps, will likely unleash some demand and investment, which will help to counterbalance the price depressing effects of those regulations themselves.
@_date: 2014-02-19 13:36:58
That's rich.  Drop the Newspeak/doublethink and here's what you just said:


I know a lot of people are crazy and don't think that people should be allowed to stab other people with ice-picks....but we know that their opinion is illegitimate, and that stabbing is inevitable, and a necessary evil.  So, hey, if I could just get some feedback here about what form and severity you'd each like to see the stabbings take, that would be great.  Oh, and let's keep these suggestions polite and well organized for the NY Shanking Services Chief, who will be doing an AMA here.
I will stop interfering in your business, by spouting my crazy ideas, as soon as you stop using your governments to actually physically molest and threaten me.  Until then, you have no moral nor logical ground to stand on, asking me to respect your "opinion".  Yours is not an opinion, it is a threat, backed up by credible, and often-used force.  You all make your own rules...just make sure that your rulers don't impose it on me.  Tired of hearing all the libertarian protests?  Call off your attack dog.
@_date: 2014-05-11 05:45:06
Not a fair point.  Don't let these self-deluded hypocrites try to make you feel badly for anything you said....even if your primary motivation for giving was simply to promote bitcoin.
Recognition and ulterior motives keeps a lot of people on this planet fed and clothed.  
It is completely illogical to only legitimize transactions where one party benefits materially, and demonize transactions where both parties can get what they want.
When your detractors grow up, they will realize that there is no such thing as altruism in the way that they conceive of it.  All acts are selfish.  Categorizing the good feelings one gets by helping others as somehow different or superior to other rewards, including monetary....is just arbitrary.
Value is value is value.  We all seek it, in every transaction.
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:49:24
So, you can't refute those points?
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:49:57
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:44:45
Yes;  it is why people still religiously defend and invoke government solutions at every turn. . .even though this institution enslaves us and forces us to pay for its services, instead of allowing us to choose whom we pay, or don't pay for them.  And they very often defend the ideal of government in their minds; instead of the actual outcomes.  They also think that the good intentions of politicians matters, and that bad government is exclusive to bad intentions.
I'd call that stockholm syndrome, if anything is.
@_date: 2014-03-16 20:10:47
Which is probably a necessary condition for bringing about the golden days of living by caveat emptor, and developing decentralized trust mechanisms to aid people in making decisions.
@_date: 2014-07-19 18:11:53


Yes, this.  But . . . .
They're going to write letters and vote harder.  That'll change things. /s
They don't understand the economics behind things darkwallet, and crypto-agorism in general, and the concept of changing the incentive structures.  They'll continue to happily and heavily fund the structure that produces BenLawskiy-esque regulations with one hand; and then with the other hand, spend exorbitant amounts of their valuable time protesting, "getting out the vote", and writing letters . . . which will amount to flies buzzing around Lawsky's head at most.  Truth is, if they examined their religious belief that coercive monopolies are necessary for civilization and for regulation of financial and other affairs; they might realize that most financial regulations already in place for the rest of the sector are just as draconian and destructive as what he proposes for bitcoin; only its directed at a sector that they have already trained themselves to view as deserving of the very regulations which created them.  Most pro-gov people just cry for moar or better regulation; not having a clue as to what "better" would be.  Not having a clue about the unintended consequences of even the best intentioned and light-handed rules, when coercion is involved; and certainly not having a clue as to the nature and effects of the primary governmental intrusions, which created most of the "market failings" which then needed to be regulated away.
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:23:33
With an attitude like that, interest in discussing this may just peter off.
@_date: 2014-10-03 07:24:24
And that term is attributed to Kristov Atlas. . . I just couldn't think of any better term to quickly describe the value-center of the dollar to the crypto-crowd.
@_date: 2014-11-26 19:51:06
I agree.  If we (projecting my own weakness here a little bit) haven't learned one thing yet as a community, it's that we really don't need to worry about the Western Unions and Ken Hess's of the world. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:05:49
BBA?  Bitcoin Business Alliance?  I'm curious.  Expound.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:57:04
I gotcha.  Yes, fear/regulatory uncertainty and some costs of compliance are going to make it harder for other pools to do what cex/ghash are doing.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:45:49


Here I believe is the great misunderstanding of our time (and many other past generations) and where you and I will probably disagree:
What is the difference between "individual capital gain" and "democratic values"?  There is no hive-mind out there that we can be tapped into if we just put aside our "individual wants" or whatever.  All values, and all wants are individual wants.  There is no such thing as consensus or a "good for society".  There is only going along with certain other peoples' preferences, because either you are forced to choose between a limited number of options which will be decided by majority vote (and thus one obviously is *closer* to your individual preferences than the other), or there is value to be gained by you personally, and perhaps outside the scope of the current value proposition, by cooperating or going along with another person's or group's preference.
All value is subjective to the individual.  All action originates within the mind of the individual.  There is no greater good, or common good, or even democratic values . . .beyond the foolish belief that democracy is the best or only way to handle all questions in society.  
Rarely is the marketplace of ideas and human interaction (and yes, even markets for capital and consumers goods) allowed to first operate and provide a diversity of options, to suit the needs of as many differing preferences in society as possible, and to employ technologies (even institutional technologies such as voluntary democratic processes) to help solve and sort out the clash points and negative externalities. 
Nobody actually wants whatever may come of the application of democratic values. . . .they want what they want.  But what they value are the perceived benefits which they will gain over the opportunity costs of not having any societal order.  This is where economics comes in: people need to be educated as to the other methods of social cooperation (i.e. too often they equate in their minds the absence of democracy necessarily meaning autocracy, or even meaning that their conception of *gasp* anarchy which they falsely equate as meaning no rules and just chaos, will be the inevitable result).
Democratic solutions. . . while sometimes necessary if some particular property or social convention is completely lacking; are usually simply the gut reactions of the monkey-brains of the masses of incontinent, uneducated, and lazy people (I include myself in this miserable lump of humanity. . . . I won't call it our nature; but it is certainly our nurture, and perhaps even some short-term evolutionary advantage can be attributed to this kind of behavior pattern).
If people can be sufficiently educated and convinced of the value of the lengthening of their time preferences, in order to facilitate the production and growth of social capital (i.e. decentralized social mechanisms vs. the quick and obvious centralized and usually coercive solutions), then we can actually make progress.  Bitcoin itself is an example of that kind of progress; and, in that sense defies the high-time-preferential centralized-state solutions (and even most democratic solutions) to societal problems.
The very "voting" mechanism of the blockchain defies the conception of majority rule and direct democracy.  It mirrors very closely the "unregulated" markets which many bitcoiners think they abhor.  It is more akin to a voluntary system of governance, wherein votes are only cast by those who have stake (i.e. pay) in the system.  Yeah, 51% attack. . .blah blah.  But that is very limited in its scope, and the power to conduct a 51% attack does not come except by equally powerful contribution to the system itself.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:07:41
I see it very similarly.  I stop short of calling it a necessity. . . but almost an inevitability.  Government as it has largely existed in the past and exists now, is a product of, not only the need for such social organization, but also the lack of social tools and technology which would otherwise allow us to provide for this organization in a more voluntary and decentralized way.
In other words, the relative aggregate time preference in society is such that most peoples and societies and cultures will tend towards the most short-run cost-efficient and easy to grasp solutions. . . which basically is the centralized command-and-control structure that defines nearly all governance models that we see, from monarchy to democracy.
That is why I stop short of calling government a necessary evil; because if people did make the choice to enlighten themselves regarding more voluntary and decentralized ways of organizing society (no matter the time period and state of society's development), then we can have (and even see a few historical episodes) freer economies and societies relative to the state of social technology, if people will lower their time preference and be educated.  But again, the more centralized outcomes are almost expected and somewhat understandable.
What we have today is not a necessity per se, but certainly a product of lack of education, social tools, and technology from the past. . . with an expected lag in how long it takes massive societal inertia to take advantage of the decentralizing technologies that are now available (including bitcoin).  This is why I try to split my efforts on this front between agorism and education.
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:35:43
What you said (even if it were true) does not address the fact that Vibr8gKiwi has no evidence for his/her claims.  Thus it is mere conspiracy theory.
@_date: 2014-06-21 01:57:17
Mt. Gox was subject to a lot of regulations and interferences.  More importantly, most other startups in the bitcoin space....especially those in the u.s. and those dealing with the u.s.'s fiat monetary system, were thwarted from getting a start, or even trying to do so, largely due to compliance costs, regulatory uncertainty, and a justice system unwilling and unable to enforce contracts in the bitcoin space (and no other system of contract enforcement could arise, since these governments monopolize this service within their territories).....therefore, those who wanted to purchase or trade bitcoin were all but forced to use Mt. Gox, which had little competition, and what competition there was was not typically able to operate under fundamentally different conditions.
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:49:54
You're asking a well-founded, but extremely complex question.  I wish I had it in me right now to go into depth, but I don't and I'm on mobile.  
I think that the most concise way I have to possibly help you rethink the nature of the problem here is to simply link you to a piece (that's thorough enough, but still readable, rather than linking you to research), which may help you to reconsider the vast difference between government created/upheld monopoly and market monopoly: [i.e. the myth of the natural monopoly](
@_date: 2014-04-28 17:57:47
Hyperbole much?  Face it, every regulation that's in place is because some greedy person or people did something to screw someone else over.  
If you want to live in a place without any laws to protect you and police to enforce those laws, be my guest.  But in the civilized world, we'll find the proper balance of consumer safety and greed.
@_date: 2017-02-23 07:05:34
Yeah, the proto-buttcoiners were stifling back then, as can attest...but then they started their own sub. . .and then they changed that sub's name to @_date: 2015-05-22 21:05:54


Statist definition of cooperation - make everybody pay into a program by threat of force.
Anarchist definition of cooperation - Make people want to voluntarily use your service, buy your good, or fund your public project by adding value, marketing, and making it too hard to resist.  Division of labor, and mutual benefit.
The cruel irony about people like you here involved in Bitcoin is that you don't even realize that you are voluntarily, without the state (in fact against some state persecution), funding a public good.  
Thank you for your cooperation.
@_date: 2014-04-28 23:06:41
I don't advocate communism or empire.
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:03:36
"One of us, one of us!" 
Hey man, just go with it.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:03:18
Dear Canada,
Stop trying to be like the United States.  
@_date: 2014-07-31 05:17:55
That's just it though.  You can't just arbitrarily weight things, or substitute cassette decks for 8-tracks when technology changes, or ribeye for veal when shoppers start preferring one over the other (especially when the reason for the change might be the rising prices).  Nor can you just go on measuring the same obsolete items.  What if ribeye is some new fad, bid up like a giffen good?  What if 8-tracks now command a higher price as a collectors item?  Nobody can or should try to map out the complex and subjective topography of values (and prices which chase those values) in a complex economy.
For this reason and others, price inflation is very slippery, and cannot be objectively measured...despite all the good intentions and diligence which the BLS and shadowstats and billion prices project put in to trying to do so.
This is why a definition of inflation as being the number of units of currency in circulation, holds use.  Contrary to how people often perceive of inflation (as being like a rising tide which lifts all boats equally), new units of currency tend to percolate through an economy unevenly and sporadically (and benefit those who receive the new money first, at the expense of those who see the money later...only after many prices have risen on their cost of living).  
@_date: 2014-12-23 23:06:51


Something tells me there was a lot more to that than just jury nullification being a problem.  Perhaps a biased jury selection.  Anyhow, the people of the U.S. were a very different society in the 60's than we are now; and the cultural battles that were being waged, neck-in-neck, are what produced the political will towards the civil rights act and voting act and others.  That same cultural dichotomy could have just as easily produced a jury who protected an innocent black man (and did many times in the past) from racist laws.  So, yes, jury nullification is a powerful tool which can cut both ways; producing "good" or "bad", but the point I'm making is that for those who hold democracy as an ideal (which I do not); it is hypocritical to complain about the "bad" achieved through nullification, or to try to shut that process down or obfuscate the truth of that power being available to juries.   If you are going to live by democracy; you need to be ready to die by it.  Nullification is a very pure form of democracy.


You're right.  Murder is a real crime and is more than just hating.  I railed on hate crimes only because you said: "but it's also been used to acquit people of hate crimes". . implying that you found certain hateful speech to be a productive and beneficial thing to make a crime, and lamented the fact that jury nullification could possibly overcome it.  


Absolutely.  Case in point: the fact that people support the enforcement of victimless crimes and/or they support the institutions which enforce such. . . even if they don't agree with the laws.  Which is why wanting to make the powers of jury nullification known to conscientious people is so important.  It is one of the few ways in which we can work within this corrupt and fundamentally broken system to make a change for better.  People are not perfect; but nullification does not give juries power to do bad things to other people. . . only the power to prevent bad things from being done by law.  Sometimes that means a perpetrator of a real crime gets away.  But punishment is a poor thing to predicate a justice system off of anyway. . . restitution is far more important.  So perps getting away isn't great, but far better than innocent people being put in cages by bad laws.  But frankly sir, your system of law and justice is so screwed up, that that's really their problem anyway.  They have monopolized it and thoroughly prevent the development of societal institutions and cultures which could more effectively dissuade the commission of many of those crimes in the first place.  In other words; if we lived in a society governed under reasonable and competitive sets of laws on a market; jury nullification would not likely produce much "good"; and I might be in the same seat you are right now, showing why it is harmful. . . but that's because I don't subscribe to democracy or any other popularity contests as an ideal. . . but only a last resort mechanism for making decisions which affect a group, when no other mechanism can be reasonably put in place.  So long as we live in a screwed up society, with bad laws; I will use any tools at my disposal to try to affect better outcomes.   Lax laws and perps going free isn't our main problem these days. . . unfathomable over-complexity and over-burdensome law (at the expense of restitution being at best an after thought), and millions of innocent people being thrown in cages or victimized by police, is.
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:48:06
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:58:44
Probably not.  Is cex.io going to perform double spends next time they reach &gt; 51% hashrate, and risk the value of their whole operation? Probably not.
Doesn't mean that avoiding centralization is a bad idea.  Plus there are benefits to it beyond just preventing Gavin et. al. from committing dastardly acts of crypto - coding espionage. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 01:34:12
The will of the people!  We just need to vote harder.  Democracy will start to work well at restraining tyranny any day now...
@_date: 2014-04-29 00:44:56
So let's just give up, or better yet, decide that we are anarchists and burn it all.
@_date: 2014-09-25 00:24:33
It doesn't matter if you don't believe in the social contract. . . it believes in you!
1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:58:33
That's the same thing I'm saying.  We need to get corporate influence out of government.  That's our problem.  We could be like Europe if we just let government keep corporate greed from taking over.
@_date: 2014-05-18 04:24:58
I guess that depends on how well those investments do in relation to what their return would have been holding the bitcoins.  The wealth distributions certainly aren't going to stay exactly the same.
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:36:22
There's this silly ethos that we perpetuate in our culture today, and you see exalted in places from kids cartoons, to survival and other reality TV shows, and you even get some of this gooey-headed non-sense in school:
And it goes something like this:  "If we all just work together and cooperate, we an accomplish anything! Yay!"  And of course, by "cooperate" and "work together" they mean: bang their heads against the wall, fighting an uphill political battle to achieve the (perception of) unity and necessary deference to a hierarchy, so that rights and responsibilities can be arbitrarily delegated to the members of the group . . . .and all rational economic calculation goes out the window. 
When really, the whole time, there was never actually any practical reason for the resources and the work to have to be shared by way of explicit consensus and hierarchical administration.  Basically reinventing the wheel of social technology and completely foregoing the obvious benefits of individual property rights and division of labor.
Seriously.  Go back and watch any kind of group survival show or episode of My Little Pony or Pokemon, or think back to college or public school, and tell me this garbage isn't pounded into our heads.
It's nonsense and "Bitcoin" the movement, the culture, the network, needs no unified direction, nor explicit leadership.  Don't confuse ferocious debate and inevitable hate-groups for "in-fighting".  There is not much of a power structure to be fighting over or to control. . . so very little in-fighting happens.
Sometimes in life, there is no way around having to share a scarce resource among a group.  And in these cases, democracy and democratically-elected leadership makes the most sense.  But we spend so much of our lives assuming this is true for all other situations, when really, with a little effort, we can more profitably divvy up resources and responsibilities (or leave them in the hands of individuals, instead of collectivizing them) by way of merit and meritocracy. . . by way of the market and the division of labor, and allow free exchange and comparative advantage to work their benefits, and put value where it belongs; in the only place in which value is actually perceived, and that is in the mind of the individual.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:26:42


You misspelled druglord.  And yes, this particular druglord named Ross was, in rhetoric at least, willing to end the drug war, and that's the druglord we're talking about.
Furthermore, any druglord's desires or stated goals have little to do with the likely outcomes of their activities.
You statists truly are very blunt thinkers.
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:22:13
I don't blame anyone for feeling that way.  Most of the very important services tend to be provided by governments around the world (as you said, education, healthcare, etc.)  But two things do confuse me about this viewpoint (and I'm going to use the U.S. as example, because that's where I am and your opinion as expressed is extremely popular here too):
1.  Is it not apparent to everyone else that the U.S. is more fascist than the Scandinavian countries are socialist?  Put another way: do people not see that even though the direct and obvious redistribution of wealth in those countries is higher than in the U.S., at least a much larger portion of that redistributed wealth is going towards goods and services that are more in line with what Scandinavians would have used that money for themselves; vs. the U.S. where most of what's stolen from us by taxes goes into things that blow up, or to corporate welfare, or completely ill-conceived social programs which perpetuate poverty rather than serve as a safety net. You just can't have a country of 350+ million culturally and racially diverse people and geographically spread out, and pretend that central policies which affect them all are going to ever come even close to representing the "will" of the people or a majority.  In Sweden or Norway or Denmark, you live with a few tens of millions of other people (most who are racially and culturally very similar to you), concentrated in a few major cities, and you're very oil rich and rich from prior decades of very free-market principles (that's right. . .take a look at how Sweden was doing before implementing most of it's socialist policies in the 70's) . . . of course you're going to have governance that is more responsive to the majority will, and of course your social programs are going to look nice and consensus is easier, and wealth to fund the programs is higher.
2. How do people not see that what they call "capitalism" in the U.S. is really just fascism and corporatism?  How on earth do people not see that those industries, consistently, who are less affected by government policy (directly or indirectly) thrive and tend to produce a huge range of ever improving products and services which all can afford (when's the last time you heard of a poor person in the U.S. who didn't have a cell phone because they couldn't afford it . . . it's not very common).  On the other hand, industries where government has been pulling the puppet strings for years, like healthcare (u.s. gov't already funded some 40% of all healthcare in the country even prior to ACA, and had it's regulatory tentacles tight around everything), have predictably become bloated, unaffordable, quagmires.   Everything the gov't touches becomes like the quintessential line at the DMV (department of motor vehicles).  Monopolization of goods and services is cancer, and always affects the poor the worst and creates more and more necessity to help the poor with social safety nets.  That's what gov't is: coerced monopolization of services.  So, even if you believe there's no way for certain public goods to be provided without gov't, and that there are certain negative externalities which will surely go uncorrected on a market absent gov't control. . . I truly can't understand why, aside from those exceptions, people aren't screaming for government to get out of every other kind of commerce and industry.  
We are less free here in the U.S. than they are in Scandinavian countries generally.  That is one of the reasons why they are wealthier (not the only one to be sure).
So when people cry for a "balance", I'm a little confused. . . why a balance between two detrimental forms of statism?  Why not seek more freedom (at least in everything but the exceptions which you truly believe absolutely can't be solved without gov't).  And furthermore, why is there such an insatiable desire from both sides of the political aisle among statists in the U.S. to centralize more and more power?  How is it not obvious that there is no consensus, and democracy is meaningless among 350+ million geographically, and culturally diverse people?  How are people not screaming for decentralization and secession as loudly as any of us anarchists?  Why would you not want to be able to have more effective control over your government?  Why would you not want to be more likely to be able to achieve your better balance of social programs and "capitalism" as you see it; with a smaller pool of people who are at least a little more likely to think as you do?  What is magical about the current size of the 50 states combined?  Is it the U.S.'s military might that they can't bear to see split up?  Why would they not want more power and funds to be available to their more local and regional governments, wherein lies better ability to administrate social programs, and wherein lies most of the truly critical functions of modern life anyway (utilities, hospitals, schools, etc.)?
I really think that "pure capitalism" as you perceive it, and state malfeasance are a dichotomy you should reconsider, and become more aware of the dichotomy between centralization and decentralization of power.
Even as an anarchist, I'm totally with you if you want to first tear down the war machine and corporate welfare, and even strengthen or rebuild social safety nets from the ground up.  Fine.  Let's do that.  But at least pay honest attention to what happens to any and all industries (which people believed had to be provided by gov't) that are released from government's monopoly.  Watch how options become available to all income ranges, and watch how the poor and needy themselves become a smaller and smaller demographic.  And then answer honestly whether the most important services, are not too important to be given to government. . . but instead, so important that they must be entrusted to the market.
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:20:19
Why should I find the behavior of these whales and their effects on the market undesirable, and what rules should be in place which could mitigate the effects?
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:03:46
I think you are exactly right, and here's why:
Ownership (property) is a social construct, and nothing more.  Bitcoin is so revolutionary, not just because of its money properties, but because it is in a way, a new form of property law, and presents a new way of thinking about ownership.
I've always been a fan of good law.  To me, good law is that law which best enforces itself.  Common sense.  Universal laws.  
For example; if you walk the streets of many 3rd world countries, you will quickly find that vehicles have the "right of way", and that the larger the vehicle, the more "right of way" they have against the smaller ones.  This sounds like a law of the jungle type situation, but it actually works out pretty well.  With very little active enforcement; traffic flows very nicely, you have few accidents considering, and pedestrians learn very quickly that it does actually make more sense to be wary and cross at their own risk, rather than the crazy, almost suicidal, pedestrian antics that you'll see in many first-world places (because they know that they will have the case in court should they be hit. . . whereas a driver knows they will be sued for all their worth even if they hit a pedestrian wearing black in the middle of the night, jaywalking across the street).
Point being;  public/private keypairs create good law.  Law that is essentially impossible to break (at least within the realm of the network itself).  Law that doesn't need additional active human enforcement, and so is extremely efficient and liberating.  
That being said, it will probably be necessary/beneficial for social-construct-law to also develop alongside "bitlaw", in order to protect the humans, within the human bitcoin network, from theft and fraud.  In the end though; additional technology (which makes securing and using coins much safer and foolproof for the average person) will go much further in creating an effective marketplace, than will any social constructs that we can develop.
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:38:14
What math?  The math that shows that the more needed services a country provides (especially education and minimal incomes) the more wealthy they become because of positive feedback loops?
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:56:14
The traditional macro-econ doctrine is that markets *under*-produce public goods; not that markets don't produce public goods.  In other words, the free rider problem has never been shown to completely stifle the production of a good or service which there is demand for.  It's simply a transaction cost.  Markets are very good at finding ways of eliminating or bypassing transaction costs.  Governments are very good at eliminating the free rider problem, by threat of force; but at much greater long-term costs.  Markets overcome free-rider problems all the time.  Securing the Bitcoin network is something of a public good; and part of the brilliance of Satoshi was in using the market mechanism of lottery to help overcome the free-rider problem among miners and nodes.
Markets have many ways of dealing with the problem: concentration of wealth with philanthropy, assurance contracts, lottery, value adds (i.e. providing the good, but connecting it with another more excludable and rivalrous product which can be monetized), time.  
There is ample modern and historical evidence of (traditionally government-provided) public goods being adequately provided for without the use of the state.  I'll let you do your own research though.
Pareto optimality is highly suspect in determining what constitutes an "under-production" or market demand for a public good where there is no observed supply.  For one thing, it does not take all costs (especially future costs and unintended consequences) into consideration.  There is wisdom in emergent orders.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:22:00
Right.  I would imagine that so long as bitcoin is functioning alongside an intact fiat currency, that Bitcoin's usefulness and value will be reflected in a relatively high fiat price at exchange.  In other words, Bitcoin's value will correspond to the size of its economy (the goods and services available for bitcoin).  If/when fiat dies, you could have a situation where the exchange price is either astronomically high or completely irrelevant, and bitcoin will have taken over as unit of account. 
So I'm not sure what Andreas' full take on it was, but I would imagine that, as money, bitcoin is less useful, all things equal, the lower it's purchasing power and/or fiat exchange price.  This is relative however, and it is possible for monies to form and serve relatively small economies or numbers of people, and thus still be very useful with a relatively small market cap.
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:44:32
~~Don't do it in the U.S.~~  Don't be a U.S. citizen. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:55:37


Nailed it dude.  Excellent propagand. . ..er, I mean, Journalism.
@_date: 2014-08-06 18:49:47
Yeah, nothing against Objectivists/Randists per se . . . but seeing as how your average Buttcoiner or ELSer knows little of what they criticize beyond a strawman built of Atlas Shrugged . . . I'm automatically more skeptical of "freedom fighters" coming from this bent.
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:49:52
I see that you still cannot grasp the very clear crux of the argument.  Negative and positive are subjective terms in this sense.  I believe that you would see all government interference as a negative, if you understood economics.  If you are a regulator, or bureacrat, government interference is very positive.  If you are a big bank or other large player in the corporatocracy, government interference is likely to be a good thing to you.
If you are a person, trying to use bitcoin, or start a bitcoin related business (especially an exchange); you will probably view the outcomes of government regulation as a negative. . . unless you desired for your business to fail, and to have massive compliance costs.  So, it is possible, but not likely.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:06:07
Politics has to be in money because it is money that started manipulating politics.  We need stronger governments that can control the corporate greed.  That will change the status-quo of corruption.   You have it backwards.
Money laundering laws aren't perfect, but sometimes you have to prevent crimes before they happen.  Or would you rather see people suffer from the actions of greedy people, and then punish the bad people afterwards?
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:56:27
The theory that comes from an understanding of economics and how markets operate.
I never attribute to malice what can be attributed to incentives.
What we call democracy is an extremely poor form of governance and the less-than-desirable outcomes (especially the ills caused by government intrusion into money, banking, and economic matters) that we see all over the world are direct and indirect results of this misguided and highly flawed social institution.  
Does not matter how you spin it.  Does not matter what you or a majority of bitcoiners believe.  Does not matter that the mainstream and the majority do not see the world through the lens of correct economics;  bitcoin can and does bring about conditions and incentives which weaken centralized control over money.  The central control of money, and the ability to easily track the flow of money, is not incidental to systems of modern centralized governments;  it is essential.  These institutions cannot and will not survive in their present forms, unless they can do something to alter, diminish, or ban the use of technologies such as bitcoin.
Is there a secret meeting of evil, conspiratorial politicians and central bankers, who meet in a dimly lit castle hall, plotting the destruction of bitcoin?  Of course not.  Many politicians and departments of government don't even have it on their radar; let alone do they grasp the fundamental threat that it poses to many of their power structures.  Will all politicians and bankers hate and fight bitcoin?  Of course not.  They are not all one hive-mind, nor conglomerate.  Nor do they all stand to suffer the same consequences in a world where bitcoin makes old systems obsolete.  
They could all be perfect angels, for all I care; and they (many of them, and many legacy institutions) will still have cause to discriminate against bitcoin, or even fight it. . . .even if their motives may be pure (e.g. protect the public from fraud, money laundering, etc.)
No conspiracy theory required.  Only an understanding of how monopolized, coercive, and centralized institutions are run and how they maintain their power. . . and an understanding of the incentives upon people to retain power, their jobs, legitimacy, the perception of need, etc.  The specifics and details of the hows and the incentives are not something I would waste my time explaining to someone if they refuse to grasp and acknowledge the validity of the basic observations which I have highlighted; and who insists on labeling all theories of "how government and big banks want to stop bitcoin" as moronic and conspiratorial.  
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:22:29
Take your pick. . .just about anyone who has a doctorate-level degree in economics.  Thomas Piketty, for example just  released his book "Capital in the 21st Century" which (like so many other works before it) just empirically decimates this idea that free markets will magically take care of people and not produce inequality which damages society.  Even the Monetarists understand that you have to control the rate of inflation.
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:31:27
Yes, a couple weeks now.  Neither android app nor chrome app can sync with network.  Via web browser works fine, but I'm not going to access my main wallet that way.  Many other users reporting similar as well, across a wide range of devices.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:11:04


He should have.  It would increase incentive to discredit the state and decrease incentive for state agents to operate in counter-productive ways.


What's your point?  Both noble professions in my book....only the latter is more effective in accomplishing the ends of the former.
@_date: 2015-05-24 01:05:21


Units of two different currencies are not cross-fungible to a high degree, nor are they homogenous...even if we assume the other currency has attained a network effect within the order of magnitude of the first and that wallet software smoothly integrates the two for a given transaction for sender and receiver.
That network effect, which the market affords to each currency is indeed the market mechanism for inflating the money supply based on demand for new money.
This is no different, though, than with precious metals; where silver augmented the divisibility of gold, and then copper comes into play, and then lesser metals....or did you think that hard assets were magically immune to this same phenomenon, and that the scarcity of gold money was magically ordained of god?


It's possible that could have been a factor; but neither you nor I have the ability to show causation.  There are many reasons why money market caps fluctuate in relation to one another.


Sure there is a mechanism: it's called demand to hold money, and higher order capital investment.  Or did you think that "hoarding" was just the effect of the influence of Satan upon the minds of impressionable libertarians?


That doesn't follow.  When price goes up, prior hoarders now have greater incentive to dishoard; Causing more units to come to market, and sell pressure, bringing price down.  The opposite is true of course when price goes up.  You are very economically confused and attributing price volatility to the main force which is combating it (and being overwhelmed by other necessary and expected forces in play at this juncture).
What must it feel like to be so discombobulated by the world all around you, and grasp at straws of control and the feel the need to centrally plan everything?
It's going to be okay, friend. It's not your fault.  Society and your public schools did this to you.  But there is hope.


Look, creation of a new monetary system is a public good: highly non-rivalrous and non-excludable.  There are two ways to accomplish it:
1. With coercion, through a state.  Where the benefits are that adoption and unit of account are nearly instantaneous...but, it causes upheavals and discoordinations in the economy, as price discovery cannot be accomplished organically, and market vetting does not occur to accept or reject of the quality and nature of the money; and supply has to be regulated arbitrarily instead of rationally (as per the market mechanisms explained above), and thus these systems give rise to the business cycle (which is a mismatch of the price of present and future money).
2. Via the market; which ensures that bad money fails and the best succeeds on merit, and that pricing happens organically.  The downside being that, this can take a long time (as public goods on a market tend to), and the process is messy and volatile...especially if governments keep meddling with things and creating higher transaction costs, in markets which are already of course, never completely efficient.  
The good thing is, you have both options available to you, and you are perfectly free to start your own altcoin which exhibits the characteristics which you insist people will trade their hard work for.  And if you are right, the market will prove that to everyone.
@_date: 2017-02-21 00:44:21
What's even more naive is not realizing the damage and chilling effect that IRS rules and AML/KYC laws have already caused.
It's easy to say that we'd all go dark and fight a ban. . . yet we're all frogs here being slowly boiled. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 17:22:13
Ha.  Governments don't care about restitution to victims.  They only care that their criminal suit is first able to find guilty, and punish.  They   don't make deals to ensure that victims are made whole.  They make deals to get guilty pleas.  Civilians are on their own.
@_date: 2014-11-06 05:53:32
Bitcoin mining is a natural monopoly?  I'm skeptical (though not shocked) at the apparent lack of academic rigor in this thesis.  
That certainly cannot be stated empirically, as there are presently many mining pools (not to mention these many pools are furthermore comprised of thousands of individual miners who do hold ultimate control, not the pool operators).
I can't imagine what theoretical grounds he bases that assertion upon either: seeing as natural monopolies are typically shown to occur along the curve given a certain scale of fixed costs. . . .not based on the transaction cost in the form of block reward variance, as is the present catalyst to mining centralization.
Furthermore; Bitcoin being software and programmable money. . . this small problem of the tendency towards large mining pool operations, is imminently solvable (albeit difficult at the present time).  
This is almost as baseless as the recent spate of accusations against bitcoin anarchist rhetoric as being the cause of it's demise.   You can't blame these people or this professor in the article entirely. . . they are a product of the schooling system of the only real monopoly in operation here. . . but nobody likes to talk about that.
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:25:15
This is not about currency vs. settlement network.
This is about money vs. payment network.
Edit: it's also not about labeling those who want bigger block caps (myself included) as FUDsters, it's about calling out hypocritical children who say they care most about bitcoin's future for putting their temper tantrum and rage quitting over not getting the fork we wanted, over the good of bitcoin.  They are hypocrites because they claim bitcoin is great (except for the blocksize cap), but it won't fork as quickly as they want (which has nothing to do with Core devs and everything to do with the natural ossification that network goods undergo), so they must either admit that bitcoin is fundamentally flawed (I don't believe that's true, but that is where their logic necessarily leads, since they don't see the protocol's resistance to change as a strength), or they must make up boogeymen as the cause of the "obstruction" of progress.
In this way, they are just one more wave, in a long line of impatient children who come and then go at the first perceived crisis...they do not understand bitcoin.  And if you are looking for an easy way to buy coffee with bitcoin on-chain, you also do not understand it and I highly recommend making a study of money and what it's properties are and how markets produce money, and why payment networks are created to transmit money.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:26:22
In a sense, their monetary management is "necessary", but only to defer the deflations and busts inherent to the business cycles which they create with the very nature of a central bank's distortion of natural market workings.
In the long run it is not sustainable, and is only intellectually justified in the first place due to the government's need and incentive to spend more than its inlays and to have a steady source of cheap credit.  The school of thought is propagated as the status quo by the government and bank subsidized or financed education.
It is the ultimate domain of highly educated fools.
@_date: 2015-01-23 14:01:35
By your logic: if the Wright Brothers (i.e. the "free market") had never invented the airplane, the government would never have had jets and an airforce.
@_date: 2015-01-06 03:06:13
In a free market, velocity of money, savings rate, and emergence or decline of other currencies, all expand or contract along with the needs of the economy, by the price signals in the market.  Effectively controlling the supply of money.
Governments and central banks are as utterly incapable of setting interest rates and money supply as a soviet czar is to guess the right amount of bread and borscht to dole out.
There is no one right inflation rate, and certainly not from moment to moment.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:49:16
Figure what out?  I'm not suggesting that they are any less capable of technically utilising bitcoin as means of exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:42:13
If you don't also have one to defend yourself with (or more importantly, if the prevalence of guns is not high enough to deter bad actors before they strike), then yes, often it does.
@_date: 2015-01-12 23:43:33
If only that phrase had been repeated ad nauseum, in every bitcoin community since the beginning of trading bitcoins for money.....oh wait, I forgot, it was.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:48:06
What's your point?
@_date: 2015-01-24 06:27:41
If it were possible to exist, and move, and function and thrive in a world where you could be completely anonymous, all the time; then your worries might become founded.
But that's not the case.  Not with existing assassination markets, not with future assassination markets enabled by crypto-contracts or anonymous crypto-currencies.
The same technology which could allow would-be-assassins to remain anonymous (within a particular forum or sphere), allows everyone else to remain anonymous as well (i.e. no assassin would know who or where you are, in meatspace, anymore than equipped protection and investigation agencies would be able to similarly find out who and where the assassin is.
Real life or meat-space interactions will likely remain as they always have been: more or less polite . . . not only because we fear inciting retribution from those around us, but because humans generally enjoy a more mutually polite and peaceful world.  For the very fears that you cite; real interaction will become all the more important for gaining trust (and access) to people, and reputation will become only more important (incentivizing civil behavior all the more).
Now, attacks originating from virtual space, on a known meat-space target are certainly possible. . . but you're still talking about an assassin having to operate in meat-space risking their own very likely exposure to detection, defensive violence from the target, and even if they do get away with the murder, equally formidable forensic analysis and eventual capture.  The use of drones, to avoid those risks, only makes the situation better: drones are much easier to run invasive screening and security upon (before being allowed to enter areas needed to kill the target), and they can also be defended against with impunity, since you're not dealing with another human being.  Furthermore and most importantly: the whole idea of drone-assassination becoming more prevalent with the rise of anonymity markets is dead in the water, seeing as drones remove the need for a human assassin to have to be paid in the first place; thus rendering any kind of "market" for assassinations obsolete in the first place.
Only when the costs of violence can be largely externalized (e.g. the way heads of governments of nation-states can wage war at the expense of tax-payers and other peoples' children being sent to fight, or the way that people in democracies tend towards voting themselves goodies at the expense of everyone else), only then does violence become the norm; and we develop this false sense of the futility of the human condition.
Listen, violence happens, and will always happen.  There will always be crazy people and psychopaths.  But by and large, the majority of people will always be willing to spend and expend more time and resources to defend against and deter aggression; than aggressors will be willing to spend to commit their deeds and claim their rewards.  This is the same general commitment strategies which allows many animals to claim/mark territory, and largely have that adhered to.  We are evolutionarily programmed to mostly eschew initiation of violence (again, always exceptional circumstances where reward is so much higher than risk for the aggressor, but not as a general rule).  It is this same programming which prompts human beings to form property conventions and norms and even morals to some extent.  It is even what prompts us to form governments for our collective protection and benefit and societal stability (unfortunately, most of our monkey brains have not yet grasped that it is possible to accomplish what coercive monopoly governments do, without the monopoly on force. . . but hey, we're evolving and learning).  
@_date: 2015-01-25 01:27:10
Why don't you head on over to They'll help you get your mind right.
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:56:16
Right.  This would be far more impressive if he had actually developed a system that integrates cooling fins fight onto the ASICs chips themselves, thus more efficiently exchanging heat with the radiator.
If somebody does that, such that the consumer can do without a traditional burner in their central heating system. . .I would think that that would greatly expand the feasibility and profitability of current mining technology.
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:12:32
Warning: don't read the comments on that article if you'd prefer not to see depressing levels of stupidity.
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:26:03


Hopefully both for the reason that you are talking about, and because people will become more rational and begin to see DNM as just NM.
@_date: 2015-05-17 18:25:19
In order to claim that ip is good, you must necessarily show why creating artificial scarcity is good.
Bitcoin creates a type of artificial scarcity, and it does so to achieve an important end, and with tokens which do not make us any wealthier or better off if we had more of them; because they are only for indirect exchange, and not for consumption and use....unlike the things and ideas which ip artificially restricts.  
What ip proponents advocate is the same as if someone were to invent the food replicator (like in star trek), but nobody could use them because of copyright laws.
There is no empirical evidence showing that innovation slows without ip.  There is much evidence to the contrary.
@_date: 2014-10-19 03:35:39
Well for starters, I don't see bitcoin as the perfect investigation tool.  Yes, we surmise that certain entities may be able to now, or in the future use sophisticated data analytics to tie real world forensic data to blockchain transactions and possibly determine with some certainty the identity behind transactions which were unmixed or only mixed in a rudimentary fashion.
This is a far cry from being able to reliably track down any transactor's identity (especially those who take just a little bit of effort to use more sophisticated anonymity tools) and this is further still from being able to use your forensic analysis as reasonable methodology and proof in a court of law.
Not saying it can't or won't be done. . . but it hasn't been done yet, at least not in a publicly revealed fashion.  And if people believe that the NSA or FBI or whoever is doing this successfully, their first reaction ought to be anger that they have not used this ability to protect the property rights of the bitcoin holders who were stolen from (according to their own laws and definitions) and affect restitution (i.e. get their coins back).
Until further notice, Bitcoin is highly empowering to the individual, and not so much to the collective.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:06:26
Mmhmm.  And why would they do that?  People were complaining about this same thing with stamp....as if it were an isolated case.  The regulators leave the aml and kyc requirements vague, and yes, up to the company to develop their own program to fulfill the vague set of requirements and live in constant fear of not being strict or thorough enough....so yes, sometimes they err on the side of being more intrusive than they would actually have to be to stay in the good graces of the state-god.
Unless you'd like to contend that, absent the state, coinbase would be carrying on in this same manner and would somehow magically get away with it despite market pressures....then I think you'd better have that blind-spot of yours checked out.
@_date: 2014-09-12 01:32:48
I hope that's not what I conveyed.  In what way do you disagree with what I said; maybe I can elaborate.
@_date: 2016-03-06 06:31:47


I want a hard fork.  I want larger blocksize cap.  I want protocol-level anonymity.  I want (some un-as-yet discovered) mechanism to reward full nodes.  
I'm probably not going to get these things.  I understood, going into bitcoin that I may not get those things (even though most have been popular ideas).  I'm okay with it.  Bitcoin is good enough.  If you did not understand that coming in, you did not understand bitcoin and all network goods.
Nobody is in control of how malleable the the consensus does or doesn't remain.  My pronouncements are not an *ought*, they are an *is*.
It's time to decide whether you want to rage quit, and bring as many others with you as you can; or whether you want to chug ahead with the rest of us in producing this public good of money (without a state decree; a daunting challenge), via all sorts of solutions, including but not remotely limited to:  economizing on transactions, building off-chain payment networks. . . and yes, even hopefully achieving a hard-fork to a new and better technical set of consensus rules.
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:00:34
Good for you.  Just be aware that, no matter how clever you think your seed phrase is, a brainwallet is not the recommended way to store your bitcoins.  I highly suggest moving your funds to a paper wallet.
Freedom ain't free, but if you understand all the opportunity costs inherent to the system you just left. . . I think you'll be satisfied with your switch.
@_date: 2015-01-12 23:08:24
Now we're getting somewhere.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:39:30


That is not the argument.  Please learn the term ceteris paribus and the limitations of the empirical methods in complex systems like social sciences.
All things being equal, banning cryptography would put cryptographic tools proportionately more in the hands of actors who neither care about obeying legitimate laws against harming people, anymore than they care about obeying bans on cryptography, and tend towards black markets for these tools and their use...while depriving the wider population (who value obeying the law above what they believe they would gain by using crypto in its infant state) of this tool, and the advances that would have come.
A very similar thing is true with guns or any other thing which is banned **which people wanted to use in the first place**.  You could not ban guns in the u.s. and have outcomes like Britain or France (not with the other existing ways in which our government corrupts and creates violence in society which increases the need for guns).  You would only create black markets, higher prices and more violence....all things being equal.
Edit- added a word
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:50:31
Indeed.  That's going to be a necessary part of the strategy for anyone who intends to try to ride it out or move their wealth outside of unfavorable jurisdictions.  But don't forget that some of that persecution is already here.
U.S. tax law (among many other interventions and lack of justice in the space) has already made using bitcoin as a currency very, very difficult . . . and no: to those who still don't understand this. . . it's not just a problem that software can solve, by simply calculating basis and gains/losses.  A wallet software does not and cannot know which transactions are value realization events.  At the very least, a wallet would have to ask the user with each transaction, what the designation is.  That's a huge inconvenience to say the least, and no wallets that I know of are doing this. . . let alone any service that can track and calculate this across the many many wallets and addresses which most of us bitcoiners use.  
Coinbase, for example, just goes full-retard in their user generated capital gains report and assumes all transactions to and from your coinbase wallet are either a purchase or a sell (to or from some outside source), regardless of whether you were receiving coins from an address already taxed, buying a pair of alpaca socks, or transferring funds to a different wallet of yours. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 23:53:35


And how many of them who banned guns had similarly low levels of gun crime to start with?  More importantly, how many who banned guns had other violent crimes stay the same or increase after the ban?  Even more importantly; what if gun ownership provides value beyond the level of violent or gun crime?
The question is not whether banning something can decrease that thing....we know it can.  The question is whether the unintended consequences and opportunity costs aren't worse.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:09:15
I too have not lost any of my bitcoins.  Don't know why your downvoters think this is something we should apologize for or is a disingenuous comment.
I think what they still believe is that crashes like this call our bluff.  They do not understand that some of us have been serious all along when we first conceived of our understanding and valuation of the technology, and made an investment and decision, very much removed from popular sentiment and even indifferent to an all out price crash.
That the market at large is having a massive brain fart over what they imagine has changed about the fundamentals, really doesn't concern me much.  I have literally already recieved more value from my ongoing investment than I have expended obtaining it.  The fiat exchange rate was always a poor indicator for bitcoins usefulness and value, but it will be completely abandoned for another crypto currency, or the price will ultimately better reflect bitcoins utility. Let the shallow minds dump what they don't understand and don't value.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:41:31
We can also use bitcoin and decentralized crowd-funding to independently put a hit out on asshole kidnappers.  If there are poor people desperate enough to kidnap. . . .there are poor people desperate enough, and with some relation to the kidnapper to take them out, or at least snitch.  
The paradox of course, is that Bitcoin has the potential to help lift the developing countries out of poverty. . . thus getting rid of most of the incentive and culture which perpetuates behavior like ransom kidnappings.  Only very short term thinking can lead one to believe that it would be better to hamper bitcoin's unfettered spread and adoption, using state interference. . . in order to catch the few, rare, really bad people, who figure out how to use bitcoin to facilitate bad things.  The cons of controlling it are unseen rather than seen, and likely very high.
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:16:57
Good point.  I guess I'v always excluded that in my mind, because it seems the various altcoin values stay more in sync with the dollar, than the bitcoin (if the wild fluctuations can even be said to be in sync with anything).  But that's just my casual observation.  It would be interesting to see if I'm wrong about that, and if so, pay attention to that market as a source or seed of the growth of its use as unit of account.
@_date: 2014-01-16 04:58:28
You're not having trouble buying bitcoins.  You're having trouble selling your dollars.  The 4+ days waiting on coinbase has to do with the ridiculous laws and regulations which they have to comply with, and the restrictions and costs of bank transfers. . . all part of the dollar/fiat monetary system.
On the other hand, once you are dealing in bitcoin, if you want to sell some and you have someone who wants to buy them or give you a good or service in exchange for them. . . there's no wait.  There's nobody to tell you you can't.  There's no fee (unless you elect to pay a small optional fee to the miners to make sure your transaction gets included in the next block).  It is extremely and refreshingly easy.
Your government has also seen fit to impose regulations upon exchanges in the U.S. that are nearly impossible for startups to comply with.  So, you get just a few big players, and stifled innovation; and thus, with the exception of Coinbase, most of your best options for purchasing bitcoin are outside of the U.S., which introduces the difficulty and cost of wire transfers.
You might try localbitcoins, or see if you live in an area which has gotten a bitcoin ATM.
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:38:33
The dismal science hates you.
@_date: 2015-05-23 17:30:04
Of course.  And gold had silver (because of divisibility issues and other shortcomings which silver filled a niche for).  In messy real-space, there will always be exceptions. 
But I think what you're missing is the difference between the factor of these quirks,  vs. the unit of account value.  
Different forms of the same money can suffer inconvertability problems (as you mentioned with goxcoin vs. bitcoin  and as we see sometimes with cash vs. banks).  But ultimately, these things can be and usually are rectified and are usually temporary.  What's not directly correctable and is more qualitatively permanent (though quantitatively ever-changing) is the network effect of a money, and it's purchasing power.  With enforced price pegs between assets or currency, we see Gresham's law having bad money drive out good (i.e. the money worth more on the wider market than where it is artificially pegged gets hoarded or makes its way out of the jurisdiction which enforced peg...thus the "bad" money gets circulated).
With bitcoin, no single jurisdiction is likely to be able to peg or fix the price of bitcoin in any way; the worldwide arbitrage opportunities are just too great and will correct mispricings.  And so on a much larger scale and intensity than any of the "greshaming" we may see between credit cards and cash, altcoins and bitcoin: is what will happen between fiat and bitcoin: the inverse of gresham's law.  Bitcoin will tend to drive out fiat, at any attempt to fix prices.
I do agree that other crytocurrencies will have their place (especially something like monero) to make up for shortcomings in bitcoin.  Side-chains will present a whole wacky world of monetary phenomenon, and I'm not even going to try to predict which forces come most heavily in to play....especially not knowing the technical details yet and how each one gets pegged in relation to its total supply, etc.
The point is that people have more incentive to demand and hold bitcoin than fiat because of its ultimately deflationary nature and better monetary properties.  If bitcoin can gain a critical network effect, to where it begins to be a unit of account, it will tend to drive other monies out.  Money is the ultimate network good.  People generally don't want to take secondary currencies if they dont absolutely have to...they want the one they know will be accepted and convertable easily and everywhere they go.  This is the market tendency towards one money, which holds the most sway.   It's an uphill climb to oust a currency which already has the largest network effect, and in fiats case, has people forced to use it, at the very least to pay their taxes.
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:04:34
Fact! Bears eat bears.
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:31:55
I know it's not a joke.  I got into bitcoin understanding fully that this technology is inherently anti-state and that it would face persecution.
@_date: 2015-05-10 01:00:21
We have the governments we deserve.  Right now.  We have governments which do "bad" things because a certain aggregate consensus and culture either permit or explicitly authorize governments to do those things.  Sure, there's  a lag between the "will of the people" and the changing of our institutions, and not all governments are created equal (some respond faster than others: dictators don't tend to listen very well and have to be deposed for the institution to even have a chance to change), but ultimately, market mechanisms pervade all social structures.  Even government.
The western world, at least, has had democratic or republic governance for long enough to conclude with reasonable certainty that people just don't want to eliminate corruption (at present levels).  Think that's crazy?  That's because, like with almost everything else, statists don't usually know how to think like economists.  The lynchpin is *opportunity cost*.  People don't want to eliminate corruption, because they don't want to bear the opportunity costs of even thinking about and researching alternate modes of social organization which would actually do away with the inevitable incentive structures presently in place which make the corruption all but certain. . . .let alone paying the higher up-front costs of implementing these more decentralized, long-term, and capital intensive social technologies.  They are religiously wedded to the status quo.
Bitcoin is not going to change existing government and social technologies.  It is going to give some of us an at least partial escape hatch from some of what is going to befall society due to decades and centuries of government malfeasance; and it is a somewhat archetypal technology (social and physical technology) for which to base future, more decentralized governance, which will one day take the place of the failing democratic systems.
There is no easy way out.  Just like the Bitcoin blockchain, society must be able to frequently hard-fork; for those who's opportunity costs of staying with the main chain are too high.  Centralized majority rule is shit social technology, doomed to produce the corruption you see.
@_date: 2015-05-22 23:16:02
What the fuck statists?  Do you people seriously not see how deluded you are?
Host (to Shrem's wife in regards to Charlie getting arrested)- "So, Bitcoin basically ruined your life and Charlie's life . . . Did that change how you feel about it?"
Even if you're brainwashed enough to believe that money laundering is a legitimate crime, who the fuck would ask something like (to a convicted car thief)- "So, cars basically ruined your life. . . how do you feel about them now?".  How do you not blame the state for ruining Charlie's life?
How do you look at yourself straight in the mirror?  How?  How do you see this as an overall beneficial way to organize society?  Are you under duress?  Code-in with "social contract" if you are.  Sane people are standing by to help you out.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:21:23
Well done.


Bitcoin needs millions, and then billions, of users who demand better money. The demand for Bitcoin must be strong enough that they will break the law if thats what it takes to obtain it.
This is the cold, hard truth which many of the newer bitcoiners refuse to understand.  It will become an act of civil disobedience to use bitcoin in any way but a very narrow, prescribed channel (such as through Coinbase and subject to AML/KYC and tax reporting).  It is very hard to understand how any bitcoiner, who understands the technology, and the origins of fiat money at all, can think that Bitcoin will jive with the state as we know it.  The real hope is outside of the united states, and in the developing world specifically, as they tend to at least have a much more healthy disrespect for bad law (since they are used to having so much of it), and a propensity to ignore and bypass this statist law without a second thought.
@_date: 2015-01-01 18:23:02
Yes, for those victims wealthy or lucky enough to be able to make that an issue with the prosecution.  Why is there even criminal law, and why does that come before a civil trial?  I'll tell you why: so that the state can get their cut, and so that the masses can satiate their bloodlust for punishment, and feel like they are promoting stable society and deterring future criminals.  If the guilty can't pay any and all of the restitution (if even granted by the court), it is lowered....funny how, when you throw people in prison (at tax-payer expense), they tend to not be able to make full restitution.
Try to keep your narrow mindedness in the realm of pragmatism, and not short-sightedness.   I never claimed that restitution never happens.
@_date: 2014-08-28 15:46:36
Yeah, good to know.  And I didn't mean to insinuate that miners are stupid. . . it just seems that during a crisis (could be real or largely manufactured), such as the hard-fork last March, most miners updated too quickly (hence the problem). . .but I fully admit that I'm not really qualified to make such a claim.
I will look more into bitcoindark.  I thought that it was more of a gateway layer, (it's own altcoin) and not a full node implementation of BTC.  Thanks for sharing.
 
@_date: 2015-01-31 06:01:09
The worst thing that can happen to a good cause is, not to be skillfully attacked, but to be ineptly defended. 
 Frdric Bastiat
I hate to blame or discourage people from trying (and thereby learning their philosophy more correctly in the process).....but I just want to make sure that people understand what a very muddled and shallow understanding Cantwell is here displaying of a very nuanced, but consistent and logical system of philosophy and economics.
@_date: 2014-01-13 05:12:55
I think it would be great to see more charities and types of charities accepting bitcoin.  More chances for the world to see how useful bitcoin is, and how charitable the community driving it is.  You should start your own charity and earn the trust of the community in every way you can.  Or convince existing charities to do so.  Competition is the ultimate regulator of human affairs, and is also good in creating more value and efficiency among charities.
Your point regarding being careful about knowing where your money is going, is well taken.  
Not sure what the purpose of some of your words were; such as "governments don't just use your tax dollars to drone bomb people. " and "I would not consider a homeless shelter with no certification ".
All politics aside and just factually speaking, governments are the least credible and most inefficient organization to which you could possibly give your money, or entrust to provide certification to other organizations.  That's just the facts.  Not only do we have the past hundred or so years of observation of governments being the primary perpetrators of murder, fraud, theft, and inefficiency;  but we also have economics, which allows us to examine the incentive structures inherent to territorial governmental monopolies, and central planning in general.
There are no guarantees in life, and there will always be those organizations which betray our trust; but common sense and some direct observation can tell us which types of organizations are more likely to spend our money efficiently and in accordance with our goals.  The answer is not governments.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:25:52
I know who he is.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:57:28
Honestly.  Fucking incontinent children everywhere.  Voices that I respected a lot, getting caught up in this frenzy of irrational impatience and complete lack of perspective.  It's kinda creeping me out.
@_date: 2016-01-18 04:29:15
I made it very clear that I understood he was making an analogy and that that analogy partially correct, but misleading to a lot of people.


[I don't think so.  Watch it again.](


@_date: 2016-01-15 21:17:55
How do you know that the stability of the protocol concensus (e.g. market resistance to even fairly trivial hard-fork for increased block-size) is not more valuable than the marginal benefits of each new improvement proposal.  Do you think that the internet as a whole would be a much more robust, valuable communication tool if TCP/IP and other protocols and standards were relentlessly changed every time there was an available update?
How do you know that price volatility does not serve a purpose at this point in the development of the ecosystem?
The creation of a money is subject to public goods problems (i.e. there are free-rider and shirking problems inherent to trying to get everyone to start using this new digital token as their medium of indirect exchange and their unit of account).  With that in mind; how do you propose, or by what mechanism do you think those market failures can be overcome (short of getting gov't to decree bitcoin money and set its exchange value).  Chance and lottery are one of the mechanisms which emerge on markets in order to overcome free-rider problems and produce public goods.  The price volatility is an indispensable signal to speculators, entrepreneurs and investors that there is potential great reward in bearing the risks of raising and normalizing the price of the asset.  There is profit to be made in (voluntarily) promoting price stability.  You should just as well ask whether the price of bitcoin shouldn't be more volatile right now.
@_date: 2015-01-13 00:02:36
I'm not meaning to give you a hard time....as far as your story is true, I'm terribly sorry, and i think there is some wisdom in holding for the long term (depending upon many intricacies of your situation which I'm not even going to pretend to know).
But you have to understand that trolls here constantly accuse the community as a whole as being nothing but a bunch of starry-eyed get-rich-quick schemers who have suckered everyone else in.  Nothing could be further from the truth, and even during the good times there were far more posts whining along this vein than there ever were get-rich-quick musings or promises.
I'm preempting that brand of retard who will try to paint that picture of the community....and with a broad brush.
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:43:29
No, just stating what should be obvious, but apparently isn't;  because so many people have this giant blind spot for the state's activities and how they affect markets.
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:41:12
I happen to think bitcoin needs to scale (somewhat) on-chain, and I am a BU supporter.
Please don't be like those angsty teenagers over there.  Their ceaseless, childish antics and constant conspiracy theorizing, and beating of the dead horse and making it a one-issue sub, have driven me and others, back here.  
Those people are right (in my opinion) about scaling, but most of them don't understand bitcoin, and refuse to listen to reason about why it has been difficult to hard fork, and why off-chain scaling is also going to need to take place. They are still stuck on bitcoin the payment network...rather than having grasped bitcoin as money.
They care more about being proven correct, than they do about the success of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:26:08
People really are truly unaware of public goods problems, rational ignorance, public choice theory in general, and all sorts of other market failures which plague the political process.  They bring such a nirvana fallacy when it comes to dispassionately critiqueing government.
3 mBTC
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:59:40


Actually, I agree; along with disruptions of the supply chain for the chips, or sudden advancements in manufacturing process.  


Correct.  But sometimes it's not exactly pervasive, but comes in shocks and causes cycles (which don't necessarily have to be regular).  If other factors can send the price up when the mining profitability has been temporarily increased by dropouts; then a virtuous cycle of hodling may ensue until the speculation cycle breaks and/or network difficulty from newly incentivized mining capacity brings margins back to zero.
I also believe that the ability to short, and the other bitcoin financial vehicles which have only come online fairly recently have helped to even this cycle out and explains a lot of 2014, and the somewhat vicious cycle of disappointment over not having another moon-shot bubble materialize on cue like they had in the past. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 16:46:08
Bitcoin is not yet commonly used currency, nor is it yet money.  Not sure why we wouldn't expect this lack of velocity in a commodity in its ascendancy towards money status, as we would in its decline.
@_date: 2015-05-10 01:30:06
You know what would be worse than a world without Bitcoin?  A world where people are effectively forced into Bitcoin and out of cash, against their will, where governments still have control over mechanisms of tracking earnings and other sources of income and spending, and where people still lend them moral license to do so; and where devs have given up on increasing anonymity at the protocol level.
Screw bitcoin, if that's the future.  You'd see a mass selloff and migration to Monero or Dash or something more anonymous.  Fortunately, the world is quickly becoming mobile enough, just barely aware enough, and decentralizing technology just user-friendly enough that I don't think that this doomsday scenario will play out.  
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:13:10


Exactly....it's almost as if it's not the gun, but who is wielding it and what their intentions are.  The gun didn't make the soldier or farmer violent.


It's almost as if we can't measure what didn't happen (I.e. opportunity cost).  I'm not sure how you claim the omniscience to know how many bad actors were or werent deterred.  For example, I live in a place in the u.s. that is positively brimming with firearms....yet, we have lower overall violent crime and lower gun crime than many other places in the u.s. with stricter controls or bans.  The best we have is some very incomplete data on number of defensive gun uses...and that alone is substantial, even though it cannot give even close to the whole picture.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:34:16


*Some* places where guns aren't illegal, they are not readily obtained, but trust me they are easy to obtain....just that few people want or need them.  Other places I've lived where guns are also illegal, yet they proliferate, because for one thing, the street kids make these crude versions themselves (which often blow up in their faces; as is unfortunately a typical, yet very predictable outcome of the black markets that will spring up out of almost any prohibition) or if they have the money or contacts, they can still buy a real gun.  The violence isn't there because of the guns....the guns are there because of the violence.  This holds pretty true over a statistical analysis of the changes in violent crime before and after changes in gun laws, in almost any nation you look at. I.e. there is little in the data to imply causation.
I understand that guns are not many peoples' first choice for an analogy here....but when you understand the economics of prohibition, you'll see that using the banning of guns here is the same and just as useful as using anything else which has been banned, in the analogy.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:02:01
If Bitcoin is never to achieve dominance, it is because it is possibly the most mis-understood and mis-represented technology I've ever seen, and market-based money the most poorly understood economic phenomenon throughout history.
It's unfortunate that humans tend to opine the most about the things they understand the least. . . yet sometimes, an idea is so revolutionary that it penetrates the default state of uninformed skepticism and produces the motivation and social movement necessary for the minority of extremely intelligent people, who grasp it properly, to develop it out to the point that the masses no longer need to grasp it, in order to demand it.
Here's to the few: the developers , early-adopters, entrepreneurs, holders and investors; who are taking enormous risks with their time, relationships, and money to push through the clouds of ignorance and ostracism, to build a tower on which everyone can be elevated enough to see the sunlight.
@_date: 2014-09-11 03:47:16
Does anyone really believe this is all just coincidental right now?  Does anyone not think that there are powerful interests trying to smear bitcoin?  
@_date: 2016-01-17 03:20:03
I don't mean to discourage your enthusiasm, and we welcome anybody who wants to join the bitcoin movement for whatever reasons they have. . . 
But consider for a moment that Big Short is in many ways a misguided attempt at portraying the ultimate reasons for the malfeasance on wall-street.
More importantly; I'd urge you to not get caught up in the populist-bitcoin movement that is simply reactionary against banks.  Bitcoin is not, and never was, anti-bank (though there's promise that it could render some banking functions obsolete).  Bitcoin is about money.  Not a payment network.  There are already plenty of payment networks.  And (especially with Bitcoin lighting a fire under the fintech and payments industry), centralized services will always be able to, all other things equal, produce faster, cheaper, more user-friendly payment rails than blockchains.
bitcoins (the commodity or currency units) necessarily had to be integrated with their own payment network, Bitcoin, because they are virtual and digital and cannot be transmitted by physical means (at least not to the extent that you can transfer dollar bills or gold coins, etc.).  The utility of the Bitcoin network, including its usefulness as a payment rail or proxy for fiat currency, is certainly one of the things which helps to bootstrap the otherwise useless bitcoin unit into circulation and use as a medium of exchange, store of value, and unit of account (i.e. money).
If Bitcoin creates one more payment network in the world (which of course does have the benefits of better censorship-resistance and thus more international utility), the world will be a slightly better place.  But if we can actually [bootstrap]( bitcoin into position as a new, independent, sovereign, currency and monetary system...I think that's going to have a much greater impact (you decide whether you think that's for better or for worse).  Thinking along these lines and understanding what money is and how it is developed on a voluntary market (rather than declared by government fiat) should lead you to at least comprehend that bitcoin is primarily anti-state.  Banks will probably always have some niche to fill in society, regardless of which money unit they are storing, or transferring or investing or insuring for us. . . but it is the state that cannot survive in its current common forms, without direct control over the monetary unit and the money supply. That's just the cold, hard reality of it.  That is why those of us who took note of bitcoin early on, were excited by it.  That is the ultimate promise of value which bitcoin may be able to provide: just a little bit more freedom from the state.   
If it helps you avoid a few bank fees, and gives you a hip way to buy your coffee in the morning, that's great. . . but hardly revolutionary, no?
@_date: 2016-01-07 17:39:18
And yet, that then ignores the whole point of bitcoin: to become money....not just some decentralized paypal.
There are plenty of great, cheap, fast payment options in the world (and all other things equal, centralized services are always going to be able to be cheaper and faster than decentralized services).  We don't need any more payment networks.
What we need is market-based money; a unit of account, store of value, and medium of exchange which is separate from the state or any other central entity.
Holding, and the speculation along with the price volatility(gains and losses), are necessary in order to transform a commodity into the most saleable, liquid good; one that becomes the unit of account and is thus supportive of an economy outside of the fiat on and off ramps we use now.
Capital gains reporting requirements and the tax as well are highly destructive to this end, and it has largely been ignored how this has stifled bitcoin's development.
That's great if Coinbase works for you, but if you're not holding and spending in anticipation of the much higher utility of bitcoin as money, well....value is subjective and you're entitled to have whatever reasoning you want for valuing a slower, less efficient, less user-friendly payment rail. Maybe you just find the tech beautiful or mesmerizing in an of itself, and get a certain thrill from executing a transaction on an immutable public ledger. And I get that.  I feel that way too.  But you have to understand that the aesthetic and curiosity value alone are not going to sustain bitcoin's existence or propel it into a more stable network effect.  Even it's utility as a payment network is only going to make the network (and thus the token) valuable for so long, as the centralized rails catch up to and surpass the particular benefits which bitcoin currently has over mainstream options.
Creating a new money or monetary system is subject to public goods problems.  It's hard to do without a central entity (with force) declaring what we're all going to accept of as unit of account in our trades, and what it's purchasing power will be (at least initially).  Lottery and chance are a time tested method to help groups of people overcome the free-riding and shirking that are naturally going to be associated with the risks and costs of holding onto a commodity for indirect exchange, which very few other people do, and no guarantees of it taking off as a common unit. That's why the volatility and the speculation are important and underly a certain market wisdom: provide incentives for people to make individually irrational, but socially beneficial actions.  By holding bitcoin (especially long-term holding) we are using a commitment strategy to signal to others that there is less risk in assuming that there will be a consumptive end to their investment in bitcoin (which further perpetuates the network effects until such time as the unit becomes fully actualized as the primary medium of exchange and self-perpetuates due to fully closed transaction loops). Satoshi even used this lottery mechanism to ensure that miners would produce the public good of securing the blockchain in decentralized fashion.
That's really what this whole bitcoin thing is about: it's an experiment to see if we can create, bootstrap, even *will* into existence, a new, independent monetary standard...without a central decree, and despite the crowding out created by the incumbent money and the persecutions which it can level against competing money.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:51:56
I didn't get goxxed.  I saw the writing on the wall.  So I'm not venting due to any problems of my own....I'm sickened for the people who did lose to gox, and have little hope of full reimbursement, because of the "justice" systems in place now (admittedly I don't know much about Japan's), and the attitudes like this:


which perpetuate those failed systems.  
Prison has got little to do with a fraudster who owes people money, if you want justice to be served.
@_date: 2016-03-06 04:34:03
Of course, you'll never see something like this posted in (or at least not upvoted to anywhere near the top).
Shallow thinking is ultimately what permeates the masses and the big block crowd (not all of them mind you, just some) who have decided that if they can't have their fork right now, then they will make sure that Bitcoin dies (to prove themselves right that this perceived crisis is indeed existential), understand this and take advantage of the pre-existing biases and superficial understanding of those outside the community by spreading FUD.  They are trying to create self-fulfilling prophecy.  
@_date: 2016-03-07 22:40:29
I know that's a popular libertarian conception, but it is somewhat misguided.  Markets have mechanisms for constraining  and expanding money supply in a free banking environment (if you want to compare a world of off-chain but P2P services to a FRbanking system).
I suggest reading George Selgin for more on this.
The purpose of bitcoin was never to constrain financial instruments, but rather to wrest control of the unit of account money from the state-issued fiat.  I can say this because this is what we observe happening...not just because I think my theory of bitcoin is superior to yours.
Let markets work the way they will; bringing value where people demand it.  Core devs can't and aren't stopping anyone from forking.  We can scream all we want about the need to raise blocksize limit, but our actions manifest our preferences far better.
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:54:36
I'm well aware of these facts.  What about my post makes you think otherwise?  
@_date: 2015-01-26 00:25:59
Also an example of how coercive regulations crowd out and prohibit market-based regulations and competition, thus creating one giant center of failure, instead of more diffused risk.....but it's a lot easier and more fun for state worshippers to cap their analysis off at where popular culture and public school training end, and blame markets for not being able to operate properly at gunpoint.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:37:55
Ideals, and abstractions can be very useful constructs.   You're not alone in having a hard time grasping that.  
Make it a habit to give most all economic assertions the benefit of the doubt, by preceding them in your mind with the statement: "to the extent that..." and/or "all other things being equal", and you may just find you open up a new world and depth of understanding in your life.
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:55:27
You're confused (most people are) about markets.  
You're not appreciating that Bitcoin's network effect is, even practically, more important for being able to use it as a payment network, than is its throughput.
You can switch to a crypto that has all the capacity and speed in the world, yet not be able to make any payments...because nobody accepts it or is set up even to receive it as proxy for money, to exchange immediately for fiat or other crypto with a bigger network effect.
I understand that what you want is for the Bitcoin protocol to simply fork to allow more throughput (and I want that too!)...but these things evolve together; capacity and network effect...and not always perfectly evenly.  The one drives the other.
But there is no wisdom in thinking that bitcoin should be trying to compete with centralized payment networks; no cryptocurrency will ever be as efficient as a private, centralize system.
We should be competing with other monies: dollar. Euro. Yen.
That is what is important here: taking some of the unit of account away from the state, and back in the hands of the market.
Payment networks are a dime-a-dozen, and bitcoin only has it's own in-built payment system incidentally, because as a virtual thing, we humans cannot physically manipulate it, so it needed to have a basic way of "moving" it.
Keep your shirt on like the rest of us (and like we tell every new wave of alarmists at every hiccup in the ecosystem), and watch as the innovation happens at the edges and people economize on-chain transactions and markets create currencies and payment rails and many other solutions on top of this developing money we call bitcoin....and also we may still, hopefully, get a fork.  Be patient.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:10:07
The ironic thing is that this happened in NM, one of the states which has passed such a law.  I'm sure that this was somehow considered federal jurisdiction and thus the DEA could "legally" act.
That's the point: you people believe in the necessity and efficacy of an organization granted special rights, and morally sanctioned generally, to operate in this way (even if it's not civil asset forfeiture it is a thousand other things).  They will always find ways around whatever constraints you try to put on them....because of the incentive structure you've set up for them.
Here' the thing: when trying to stem the tide of tyranny on the tyrant's playing field, it's always a game of one step forward, two steps back. For every little victory the politically engaged masses think they win (think SOPA or PIPA) there's 10 more proposed bills coming through legislation. For every law we pass to put cameras on cops or trasparency in bureaucracies, they have 100 laws and statutes they can selectively enforce on us and 10 loopholes not yet exploited. They can keep this up all day folks...it's their job. And 1,000,000 people with $1, will never be as organized, motivated, and politically effective as 1 person with $1,000,000. It's a public goods problem inherent to democratic rule-making.
No, until people learn that monopoly government is no different than giving Walmart authority and legitimacy to do all the things govt does, then the only mid-term way out of the mess is unfortunately to reap the societal disasters they are sowing and start fresh....but this time, with a whole lot more counter-economic and decentralized tools to fall back on and institutionalize (i.e. whatever governance emerges will be more likely to be less centralized and less coercive).
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:33:54
@_date: 2015-01-17 05:33:08
"Great minds discuss ideas average minds discuss events small minds discuss people."
-Doesn't matter who said it
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:26:11
FDIC does not insure any accounts against theft.  That's what banker's blanket bonds and other insurance are for.
Yes, that's correct statists, market regulation is primarily what has protected consumers against theft all this time....in spite of government regulation.  Not because of it.
The FDIC is a bandaid the government has had to apply to the instability they cause in financial markets.
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:41:05
As a market anarchist (very close to anarcho-capitalist), I disagree with that.  
There's a lot in common, no doubt, but the cypherpunks  were primarily radical decentralizers (many ancaps are, some are not; it's certainly not critical to the philosophy), and they were against the state mainly for the reasons of advancing privacy (ancaps are against the state for economic and moral reasons, privacy being just a cherry on top), and of course used cryptography to achieve this (ancaps traditionally at least, until Bitcoin, have used education and agorism to advance the agenda).
We certainly go a long way together.  I don't think that Satoshi was probably an anarcho-capitalist either.  I think he/she/they were cypherpunks.  
What I don't understand, though, is why so many people in Bitcoin (especially newcomers) bristle so much at the reality that the pretty obvious intent of Bitcoin and the cypherpunks is to undermine government control of one of the most powerful tools it has over society: money and financial privacy.  And this of course falls right in line with, and is a weapon in the ancap/agorist arsenal (not all ancaps believe that Bitcoin can become money either).
I truly find it hard to see though, how statist-leaning bitcoiners can be in so much denial as to the implications of wresting control of money away from governments.  Of course, most people here take for granted that Bitcoin is already money (which it is not yet), and anyway, they are just interested mostly in it's properties as basically a decentralized paypal; a payment network.  The payment network is important of course, as it provides the initial utility of the network, and thus the tokens or shares of that network; which allowed bitcoin to obtain a price.  But the price discovery and adoption and network effect have a long way to go before Bitcoin achieves money status.
I think that, if Bitcoin achieves that, people here will be surprised the extent to which good money drives out bad (i.e. money is the ultimate network good and a cohesive market strongly tends towards having only one money), and they will be surprised the extent to which bitcoin disrupts traditional nation-state activities.  Governments are, and will continue to fight and/or coopt Bitcoin more and more intensely.  The two are not going to play nice.
@_date: 2014-12-20 16:50:27
Will do.
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:29:35
It is a dirty word because of the same indoctrination and lack of education in economics which trains people to believe that we live in a "free market", that bitcoin is the "wild west" and completely unregulated, that the "wild west" was murderous and lawless, that printing money creates wealth, that a violent and coercive monopoly is somehow going to be the best entity to provide for things like money, schools, roads, law, courts, police, defense, health care, soda pop rations, and shelter for all the homeless people who they themselves disallow from finding their own shelter and food with providers who don't fit their mold of arbitrary requirements.
Most people have never considered in their life, the fact that every purposeful human action is a speculation; different only in degree, and not kind, from the actions of "TEH EVIL SPECULATORS" who are supposedly ruining bitcoin.  They have not contemplated that monetary transactions are not the only exchanges of value governed by the economic laws of supply, demand, marginal utility, and the rest.  They have not used reason and analytic skills to work out that greedy speculators will naturally be driven to, if anything, even out the extremes of price fluctuations (i.e. buying the lows and selling the highs), and that if systematic errors of judgement are being made on the part of speculators generally (i.e. their actions exacerbating volatility); then one should consider what is clouding or distorting the market signals which would lead speculators to make such ubiquitous errors; rather than assuming that speculation itself is necessarily a counter-productive activity.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:03:30
Enjoy that pizza kid....
I wonder where his future celebrity will take him.
@_date: 2016-03-07 22:57:37
To some.  But they could never be as hollow as the shrill cries of you ever predictable waves of alarmists and reactionaries who come along with each cycle and then become disillusioned and leave....and bitcoin still doesn't die, just as it will not this time.
@_date: 2016-01-07 05:22:37
that's why the TA suggests dead cat bounce
@_date: 2016-03-01 14:21:21
I agree, but my understanding is that there is no technical solution yet to the problem of it being too easy to spoof a node, or to differentiate between full and spv validation of transactions.
@_date: 2015-05-07 18:52:15
Not to defend Peter Todd or to condemn his actions; but it is entirely possible to be a defender of privacy, in that you care about implementing systems whereby invasion of privacy is effectively impossible; rather than just hoping that people will respect privacy and not exploit holes.  
"What is falling we should even push down"
-Nietzsche   -Hitler  -Michael Scott
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:46:26
No, it certainly doesn't always end that way....but then, we haven't seen some of these fiat currencies "end" yet.
Markets can remain irrational for longer than some of us bitcoin or gold savers can remain solvent and predict doom.  But the fact that the inevitable and detrimental demise of unsustainable monetary systems occur on timescales sometimes longer than our lifespans, says little about the practicality of allowing the malinvestments and distortions to grow so large.
[See comment earlier in thread](
@_date: 2017-02-06 06:00:50
But we are greedy, and so is everybody.  And our greed will save us from the childish virtue-signalling and economic cluelessness of the millennial generations.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:31:23
Even more dangerous (in my opinion) is the reverence with which bitcoiners treat the foundation as the home of core development.
Development, above all needs to become more distributed and rivalrous.  If I the US govt is smart, they will be using Gavin and the foundation to perpetuate the unfortunate culture of consensus surrounding responsibility for the core protocol code.
Miners and full-node operators should view any updates with great skepticism, and only update after an extended vetting process by other developers.   
@_date: 2016-03-30 02:37:18
Never said or implied it was.  read again.
@_date: 2016-03-04 22:08:49
This person gets it.
While being recognized as a currency by government is maybe a second best (certainly better than a ban, or being treated as a commodity as in the U.S.), the ideal is for governments to just leave it alone.  Render unto Caesar and all that. . . let our money be our money and they can tax and regulate their money however they want, and may the best one win.
@_date: 2016-03-30 21:48:46


That's like saying:  "illegal drugs are still used, so prohibition must not be having any effect on the marketplace for narcotics".
While is busy circle-jerking every single day over the same stuff (no matter how true and real the problems), while we've all basically forgotten the real threats and the ultimate monetary ends of bitcoin.
The classification affects how a lot of people use (or don't use) bitcoin, and how investors predict how consumers will ultimately be able to use bitcoin.  This is of massive consequence. . . and this even coming from someone who is all about the hodling/store-of-value aspect of bitcoin over its use as currency and payment network.
The primary government interventions into markets, tend to be the most influential (and usually most destructive); the layers of regulations which come afterwards tend to try to mitigate the ills and unintended consequences caused by the primary intervention.  Many other markets are clearly more closely controlled than the market for bitcoin and alts, but the biggest damage (short of prohibitions outright) have already been done, and the differences between this and other markets are now marginal (in fact we are seeing most of the costs of intervention and yet enjoying few, if any, of the benefits which do come from government mitigation of market failures; which they previously exacerbated).
@_date: 2016-01-15 20:59:58


That's all there really is to this.  It's pretty simple. Blockchains are useful primarily where you have a shared value(s), among non-trusting or disintermediated entities, and you need to bootstrap a network effect.  Network effects are extremely difficult and time-consuming things to catalyze.  There are good reasons (for the market, for society) why existing standards are difficult to supplant and tend to ossify.  An ounce of stability/dependibility/predictability is often worth a pound of "new and better".
That's why ipv4 hasnt been replaced by ipv6.  Thats why bitcoin had to be, not just potentially marginally better than gov't money, but potentially revolutionary (if it could just be bootstrapped into position as unit of account money, without a central power telling us all to use it and value it to such and such a price).  That's why, while the utility of the network as payment rail and the blocksize debate are important, they ultimately distract from the real logical end of the bitcoin experiment (money, not paypal alternative) and they ignore or take for granted the massive first-mover-advantage and hard-won network effect which bitcoin has.
That's why it is silly and short-sighted for people to be so concerned and surprised (let alone driven away from bitcoin in a tantrum) that there's this division and in-fighting and difficulty over a fairly trivial hard-fork. The protocol is already largely ossified. Get over it.  Recognize the value in that and the market wisdom emergent in this state of affairs.
That's why very few banks or private institutions will ultimately find much use for blockchains.  Blockchains are ultimately only a better tool by which to express uncoerced market demand for public goods. Money, being the ultimate network good.
@_date: 2014-12-16 00:29:35
Why do you think that that fact discredits my argument?
@_date: 2016-03-07 22:55:12
That has always been a possibility.
My perspective here is to remind all the alarmists how many many times we have weather much more significant crises than this (though I don't think past problems were ever *perceived* by the alarmists as being more serious) and bitcoin did not lose its first-mover-advantage to an alt.
If you understand bitcoin, you understand that that network effect is everything; and so it is rational to hold the token, build the ecosystem, and advocate as vociferously as possible for what protocol changes you feel are complimentary to strengthening of the network effect.  
It is not rational (unless you've already given up on bitcoin and/or are shilling for an alt already) to use your voice or celebrity to declare to the world (waiting with all their ignorant, negative biases about bitcoin) that the problem is existential, or irreconcilable, and signal your intent to defect/sell and move to an alternative.
That, is what is dangerous if you value bitcoin's success.
Understand that markets don't always work in the ways we expect them to, and our ultimate values are often achieved by very round-about and counter-intuitive means.  It *could* even be an altcoin, and may the best money win....but good luck trying to painfully re-earn the amount of value and confidence that has been hard won in this commodity...and dealing additionally with the legacy effects which will haunt all future attempts at non-state money if bitcoin fails to achieve its ends.
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:59:50
Perhaps relative to many other commodities.  But let's not forget that there are plenty of things out there (market failures and government intrusions alike) causing inefficiencies in pricing on the market.
I think it is pretty telling that most people have all but forgotten or taken for granted that the IRS treats bitcoin as a capital good and requires calculation and reporting on and payment of capital gains taxes on each and every transaction (and yes, that includes purchases, not just buying and selling to fiat).  There is no practical legal way, in the U.S. and some other jurisdictions, to use bitcoin as a currency; just from this alone.
@_date: 2014-03-28 21:07:33
No.  Unlike normal thieves, governments don't just steal from you....they require you to do the work of tracking and reporting how much they are going to steel from you...no matter how small that amount is.
@_date: 2014-07-24 05:43:40
If you'll allow me to lend some perspective.  As with most things in life, the issue of financial regulation is never as straightforward as:  
More regulation bad, less regulation good.
State intervention typically occurs in [layers]( and tangible positive benefits can often be seen (at the expense of the unseen) when technically good intervention is applied to a specific problem.  The issue is that the "problem" is usually a creation of one of the state's earlier or primary interventions into the market.
Yes, some [deregulation]( accompanied and even exacerbated the practices leading up to the crash of 2008; but in the end, these are proximate causes of a much larger issue.  Overall, coercive and monopolized regulation can only drill down so far on the minutia of problems and unintended consequences which the prior round caused. . . and only at exponentially rising costs and diminishing returns. . . in the end, only to approximate what the free market would have done via price signals.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:48:43
If I'm whining, I'm only whining about how misguided the mindset is of you all who uphold the forceful monopolization of law-making, adjudication, and enforcement.  What comes of that is the government you all deserve.
Not all gov't is created equal, and the u.s. isn't the worst one to live under.  But my time is better spent exposing fallacies and building counter-economic tools (not to mention living my life), than writing a congress critter.  It's a public goods problem, you see.  Now, develop tools like lighthouse with assurance contracts or other mechanisms, to overcome the public goods problem (such as dispersed influencing of politics), and get a lot of people on board with that network, and suddenly there's a lot more practicality to getting involved politically.  
Be careful though, by showing people that public goods can be and are provided for adequately on a market, a lot of justification of the need for monopoly governance goes away.
@_date: 2017-03-05 20:59:36
Yes. Thank you. I wish bitcointip still existed.
I would only say, maybe don't add "political issue"; just keep it to economic issues which cannot be answered and foreseen by the devs and technical experts. Most people are not going to understand the sense in which you mean "political".
But anyhow, you're exactly right and the primary error which the technical crowd are making is to view the economic/human valuation aspect in the same way they look at code. They assume an all-other-things-stay-equal scenario, when the size of blocks increase.
@_date: 2017-03-05 06:26:22
Don't know why we need to replace current miners. But attracting new ones sounds like a safer better plan (though I don't see either being likely to rid the network of current miners in anything but the short term for the crash, and long term for the attracting new ones).
I'm a BU supporter, btw. I believe that a market managed block size will concurrently allow enough additional transaction and fee throughput to offset the reduced relative demand for blockspace, and find a healthy equilibrium; maintain at least current number of distinct mining nodes.
@_date: 2016-01-17 07:14:32


Okay.  I probably agree with that.  But the real question is how it gets there.  Does an artificial push for merchants and vendors to accept a token that they don't want (they want fiat and they're willing to exchange this token for the fiat) produce liquidity or does the demand to hold create the supply of vendors and merchants and employees who demand btc itself (for later indirect exchange)?


You're falling into the trap of assuming that I'm advocating for settlement layer only or for bitcoin to be merely digital gold.  But besides, no, bitcoin being the everyday currency or used institutionally has little bearing on whether government is able to control it.  Because that has little to do with the ability to access it.  At one point, nearly everybody used gold (or silver) for their everyday transactions. . .this did not prevent gov't from controling gold, and subsequently destroying its moneyness.  Bitcoin only has a chance to succeed where gold failed because its digital nature and cryptographic properties lend it to skirting regulations and bans.  It gives us (we hope) slightly better tools with which to resist government intrusion.  Ultimately, the success of bitcoin in overcoming gov't attempts at control and manipulation are entirely at the mercy of the number of people who demand non-governmental money and who will break laws or at least operate in grey markets in order to get what they want and preserve free-enterprise.  
It is often parroted that if *X* country bans bitcoin. . .well, another part of the globe will simply accept of it and profit.  Yet, money is the ultimate network good (or dependent on network effects); we could have said the same of gold: "well, if FDR wants to confiscate and ban use of gold, the rest of the world will just use gold and profit".  Of course, they couldn't actually confiscate gold from everybody, nor did they try. . .but simply threatening with legal consequences, destroys the network effect, and ultimately, the rest of the world had to follow suit.  A money allowed only in a minority of places, is by definition, not a money.  It is the fact that bitcoin is native to the internet; a territory that is at least somewhat sovereign from governments, that primarily gives us hope that it can overcome the network-effect-destroying power of government threats. . . .not whether its our payment network or not.


You're resorting to hyperbole it seems.  There is nothing in what I said which suggested that people cannot use it.  It's use is voluntary and open, whether it ends up being a backing commodity for other payment layers, or whether it ends up processing 1million tps. . . and that is what matters.
This is not about tps; this is about the difference between a payment network. . . and which monetary unit that payment network is transmitting.  I'd like that to be bitcoin, instead of dollars, euros or yen.  
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:33:16
Exactly.  There are large diseconomies of scale in big firms, centered around the calculation problem.  It's only natural that a decentralized ledger/consensus mechanism like the highly secure bitcoin blockchain, would hold interest for them.
@_date: 2016-03-04 06:33:51
It's not often used in that sense, but yes. . . I've come to view the word incontinent as the best catch-all way to describe most millennials (and a good few in the older generations as well).  
I wouldn't call them just entitled (though there is some of that), nor lazy or certainly not stupid; as there is a pretty high average level of education and I think that these people do amazing and creative things and when they find something that they can put their minds towards they really put forth effort...
But they agitate perpetually, and are easily agitated.  They rightly perceive that there's something a little off about the way the world is and works, but don't see how insanely good they have it, despite everything.  They have so much, and have experienced so much at such a young age, that they almost have to deal with the jadedness of old men, while still in their 20's.  They want more but they don't even seem to really know what they want.  That's why employers right now are having to re-train their management to understand that millennials don't want to be rewarded; they want to be "inspired".
They are educated, but mostly in fact and knowledge. . .rather than wisdom; these people can't help but throw the baby out with the bathwater when it comes to applying principles from one area of thought, to another. They are they type of people who cannot see the forest for the trees.
Everything, in their way of thinking, is a compartmentalized, largely unfathomable pattern, to be examined and explained independent of all other thought, intuition or theory, and worthlessly memorized in all its details, to no real avail. They cannot conceive of nor intuit that the pattern is just a piece of a much larger fractal, which permeates the macro as much as the micro, and produces more useful insights at different scales than what they have their noses in. 
And so they agitate, endlessly; within a broken context and paradigm but refuse to accept wisdom when it is offered, and wonder why nothing changes and why they aren't being inspired.  They won't accept of or perceive of universals and principles to guide action and intellect and temper emotion; so everything is a battle against an imagined tyranny upon which they project their fears and their hopes of breaking out of their self-inflicted boxes.  Behind every next door is the secret, the key to unlocking the solution to what is wrong with the world.  And so, they lash out almost blindly, looking for someone to blame (Wall St., Core Devs, etc.).  Everything in their life has come to them within an order of magnitude faster than things came to earlier generations; and so when they can't perceive the macro, the big picture, and their sense of time and patience is so skewed; they throw the whole game when they can't agitate for what they directly want within an arbitrary time-frame that they think is reasonable.
But that's just like, my opinion.
@_date: 2016-01-25 01:49:16
Nope. But it may prove to be the most important monetary market phenomenon of our age.
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:54:46
This gem of absolute precious hilarity and state-worship has been brought to you by commentator Jim Rocky, of a recent [BI article]( (see first comment)
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:09:03
You could also use a 2 of 3 key situation to form a prenuptial financial arrangement or contract with your spouse and/or an independent arbitrator.
Bitcoin is a form of stateless law.  This is one of the reasons why it will never mesh well with existing nation-states.
@_date: 2016-01-17 04:46:14
Thanks for the complement!
I will say that,


I view the debate (as nasty and divisive as it has become) more as a healthy thing for the ecosystem than most people probably give it credit for.  And I think that my sentiment as expressed above is more of a synthesis of the two sides or a transcending of the problem (sorry, can't think of a less pretentious way to say it).  Truth be told, I'm all for no hard-coded blocksize limitation. . .yet, to me its pretty silly for people to fret over the whole thing so much and not understand the [value to markets]( of stable, ossified, less-than-perfect protocols and standards.  It's pretty silly for people to not see the bigger picture regarding the potential moneyness of bitcoin and the possibilities of getting there almost regardless of how user-friendly and mainstream the protocol-level transactions are.  People freak out at this because they assume that that means that I want bitcoin to be stifled and only be a settlement layer, or that I'm somehow in league with Blockstream.  
People need to unwad their panties and understand that a hard-fork and consensus for a change is necessarily going to be an extremely difficult thing to achieve with network goods like bitcoin. . . and that's probably a good thing.  If bitcoin wasn't good enough to start with (even though we all have changes we would have liked to have seen at the protocol level, like full, zerocoin anonymity), then we would not have gotten involved in the first place.  At least, that's anecdotally the sense I got from everyone else early on, and the expectation that hard-forking in the future was only going to be possible and necessary under imminent crisis.  Bitcoin was not good enough, in its inception or right now, to serve as a replacement for any significant mainstream payment network (again; this doesn't mean I'm opposed to allowing the protocol to accommodate as many transactions as possible!). . .but bitcoin has always been good enough to become a monetary system and money unit.
I know it's tantamount to heresy in this community to say this (and no, I'm not sympathetic to Theymos at all or censoring comments the way he has): but I'm sorry, the blocksize issue is nowhere near a crisis-level event yet.  It is mostly the autistic twerkings of young, impatient, incontinent minds who can't conceive of emergent market processes, and are trying to turn everything about the bitcoin space into yet one more government-like democratic centrally-controlled pile of shit.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 17:50:39


Really dude? Really?!
Seriously, whatever you people are smoking is making you paranoid.  Relax.  BlockstreamCoreChupacabras are not out to get you. is not some community of blinded coolaid drinkers who don't see the necessity of increasing the block size limit, or have been kept from the big block arguments despite the unfortunate censorship here.
Patience.  These things take time.  The difficulty of this change is a good thing.  You want the protocol to be stable and resilient against whim (even at the expense of when there is a very real need to fork).
@_date: 2016-01-29 17:54:23


I think quite the opposite.  The protocol is ossifying; that's what we'd expect it to do, that's what markets tend to value over marginal upgrades in a network good or standard.  What this means is that the next hard-fork successfully worked-through, may be the last (think of how difficult and drawn out the current debate has been. . . do you think it gets easier with more players and opinions in the game and more money and more software integrations on the line?).
There's a case there, then, for getting some form of blocksize cap increase (or removal) hard-fork as soon as possible.  And I personally am on board with that.  But it also makes a strong case for approaching it very very carefully, knowing that what we all fork to now (or on the next 6 to 24 months) very well could end up being **the** bitcoin standard protocol which serves as the backdrop for decades or centuries to come, for hopefully a large portion of the earth's population.
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:18:59
Squirm statists. squirm.
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:02:54
He puts the MAn back into AndreasMAntonopoulos
@_date: 2015-05-28 06:00:28
You'll of course report your gains to the IRS, citizen?
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:32:49
I never subscribe to there being conspiracy without good evidence and I don't attribute to malice what can be explained with economics or reason generally.
In fact, a large part of the appeal of bitcoin for me is the fact that it doesn't matter nearly as much if even influential people in the community, even core devs or Gavin or Mike were somehow compromised.  Bitcoin chugs along.  That is why this frenzy is so stupid, and disappointing to see such smart people lose this perspective and make so much (and contribute to damaging perceptions) out of such a tiny issue that is well on its way to being resolved.
I don't understand who (at least not out of the intelligent, libertarian/anarchist crowd) got into bitcoin without expecting much  worse trials than this to come, and to be weathered by the tech and the network of users and miners.  
If you didn't think bitcoin had the properties required to weather this kind of stuff (and worse); what are you doing here?  Why aren't you just a gold bug?  You could just be championing gold as a private alternative to government money if you don't understand what properties bitcoin possesses to avoid being manipulated, subsumed and then replaced by fiat as gold was.
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:22:05
Not to mention (as most people forget when trying to make economic analyses) money costs are not the only costs.
SneakerNet is expensive too.  Making any cash transaction requires some expenditure of time and physical effort, usually far greater than what's required for any bitcoin transaction.  It also tends to entail more risk in the form of bodily injury (and if we make bitcoin escrow markets commonplace) probably in the form of fraud also.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:55:11
They don't have to care about it ideologically.  They just have to respond to price signals.
But you all have fun continuing to flounder around, fretting about every little crisis of faith, and whether your decentralized paypal will allow everyone to buy coffee in the morning.
I profit either way, and government control of currency is weakened just ever so slightly.
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:39:02
Thank you for your well thought out replies and sorry for the delay in responding.
I think we agree like 90% on this.  I would just say to consider the possibility of a different route to getting to money (which we both seem to agree that almost by definition, needs to be the most saleable and liquid commodity and thus would necessarily be exchanged the most fluidly and frequently...not just bearing large value transfers in the background)...but I do think there could be a certain emergent wisdom and path to moneyness in stodgy begginings as a settlement layer.  Value is often provided in unexpected ways and public goods produced in very round-about ways.  I think that bitcoin simply needs to be allowed to naturally fill demand where demand is strongest.  If that is indeed, right away, in application as a currency and payment rail for the masses in their everyday transactions...that is fantastic.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:08:10
. . or at least ridiculously easy to ride the waves of. . . .you would think.  But maybe to manipulate also.
On the other hand, each cycle's peak and trough is decreasing slightly in amplitude relative to the prior, and they are increasing in frequency; almost as if the waves are coalescing together, until they begin to merge and we see more price stability.
My own (personal) prediction since early December, (based on the apparent increase in frequency of boom phases), has been that we will begin to see the next run up begin sometime in late February to mid-March.
Predictions are dangerous, and I'm not putting any money on that. . . but purely from a curiosity standpoint, it will certainly help confirm my bias if the next run up does begin sometime within the next couple of months.
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:24:13
Eh.  The incontinent, millenial crowd has been here since 2013 at least.  
But now you have people like [Rick Falkvinge]( calling this an "existential threat".
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:55:19




No.  This is exactly the form of thinking that has to die.  Bitcoin is nothing but a decentralized paypal and will atrophy and die if the token itself continues to just be thought of as a vessel, a proxy currency for other monies.  No one's going to put up with the volatility, if the volatility itself is not a creator of realized gains; but just something to be floated on top of with each on and off ramp to fiat and goods. 
The btc unit is valued in itself already to some extent, and increasing that value and the demand for that unit (not just the fiat you can get for that unit) is everything.  It is the difference between bitcoin achieving monetary status thereby self-perpetuating (i.e. achieving utility as the ubiquitous medium of indirect exchange), and just being this tech that, for now, provides some benefits over centralized services. . . but will be able to be easily outdone (blockchains will never be as efficient and user-friendly as payment networks, all things considered, as centralized services).  
The point of bitcoin is not to transmit existing money.  It has already achieved that.  Whoopee.  It falls far short of its potential, much greater, utility.  If you think that this is where bitcoin stops (except maybe just grows more mainstream. . . somehow. . . despite the volatility and still unsolved user-error security issues), what on earth are you even excited about?  Censorship resistance?  Bitcoin transactions aren't even anonymous, and anyways it wouldn't matter so long as everyone continues to earn and spend and demand government money.  Government watched, controlled, taxed money and in central-bank issued supplies.  The world doesn't need anymore slightly novel ways to spend the garbage we already have.  It needs real, market-based money.  Once we have that. . . I don't care whether those money units are primarily exchanged on the Bitcoin network or on a lightning network, or over a consortium of 3rd party payment rails.
Just the capital gains taxes alone (in the U.S. and some other places) is totally destructive of the ability to (legally) use bitcoin as money OR convenient payment network.  Have fun keeping track of every taxable event, in and out of fiat and goods, across all your various wallets and services, and then paying up to %35 of any incidental gains (gains which, by the way, form the foundation of the proper incentives and price signals in an economy not dependent upon central bank policy and counter-cyclical monetary policy).
@_date: 2016-01-06 21:13:13
ding! ding! ding!
To the top with you!
10 mBTC
@_date: 2019-03-17 20:15:02
Its been expanded on, ad nauseam by economists, and generally-intelligent human beings, for several centuries, and you people are still willfully or incidentally ignorant of how this works, or at least you have willfully surrounded yourself by an echo chamber which keeps you in ignorance about the scientific consensus on the likely effects of automation going forward (based on a metric shit-ton of empirical work from the past, present, and from the best theories and models available), and the best policies to deal with the few, localized ill effects.
But here's a primer:
@_date: 2017-03-03 23:13:47


How do you know this?


Really?  What numbers are you running?  I can understand that you may be using the phrase casually, rather than making a specific prediction. . . but then, in the most casual sense of that phrase; were you not always "just as likely to lose half your investments as you were to double it"?  In fact, with the growing network effect of bitcoin, does it not (logically at least) imply that the risk/reward was greater back then, and if anything, slightly less now?  But certainly the gradual decrease in overall volatility doesn't necessarily mean that the next 20 years won't net you a better return than the past 8 years have (we have more time ahead of us than behind us).


I don't disagree.  Dollar cost average.  But you seem to miss the point of the ideology behind hodling.  I assure you it is very practical.  Risky, but the most practical way forward.
Creating a new money poses a public goods problem on the market: how do we get a token which has little non-monetary use-value, to be valued as money by a large and self-sustaining (transaction loops) network of people. . . if the token is not yet money (thus is not valuable as money yet).  Catch 22.
Other than the utility of sending bitcoin over it's in-built network as proxy payment network for other currencies. . .you mull the above problem over for a while, and let me know when you have a better solution (voluntary, market mechanisms) for bootstrapping bitcoin as money, than the hodling and hype cycles and price cycles and the FOMO.
Bitcoin must largely be *willed* into position, by us ideologues.  
@_date: 2016-03-06 04:24:46
Nobody said that just "something" or anything being resistant to change is good; we are trying to explain to you people that network goods **are** resistant to change and that is a generally a good thing and valued higher by the network of users than the benefits which could be derived by each marginal improvement foregone.   We know this because this is what the market manifests in the actions of the individuals which make it up.  There is no other (non-arbitrary) signal by which to measure what is most preferred.  
Is IPV6 "better" than IPV4?  In technical ways, probably yes.  Does that mean that, all other things equal, it would be better for, say, a government to enforce that all internet nodes upgrade to IPV6 and any incremental updates and advancements in packet switching network technologies as they come along?  No!  There is a reason why IPV4 still reigns supreme, and those of us who properly understood bitcoin from the get go have been warning people like you that the protocol was necessarily (and beneficially) going to ossify; and that is exactly what you want in a money-  just good enough and revolutionary enough to engender its own network effect and allow innovation at the edges while remaining a stable backdrop for all of this technical and economic activity.
There is a place in markets for cutting edge, always changing, highly flexible goods and services, and there is a place in markets for foundational standards and protocols and backdrops and institutions.  Bitcoin must become one of the latter and is, and it has very little to do with whatever conspiring the Core Devs or anyone else may or may not be engaged in right now.
@_date: 2015-05-07 17:10:57
I think this is somewhat correct.  Let me [esplain](
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:08:10
You're making the assumption that intellectual goods must be monetized in the same way they are currently, in order for them to be produced at all.  Obviously, absent ip privileges, musicians and others won't produce, market, and sell their products in the way they do now.
There are many mechanisms and value adds that can be used to make money from ideas and data and art and music.
Again, the empirical evidence is that more of this is produced absent ip.  Nobody is due any profits (yet I am the one who gets called the corporatist!)  
I'm sorry for those who must adapt and transition to this new model....
I understand that can be painful, but it's not going to negatively impact those in the future who obviously won't plan for and invest in making profits in this way any more.
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:44:45
What's with all the leading questions?  Make your point.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:09:56
No. The transmission capabilities of bitcoin are not that special.  But banks don't or can't transmit bitcoins.  They transmit dollars or euros or yen.
The bitcoin unit is what is special.  The money unit which is sovereign and seperate from gov't created and controlled money. 
Only the crop of new fools think that this is about a payment network or sticking it to banks. This is about money. The unit of account, store of value, and medium of exchange.
@_date: 2019-03-14 03:36:11
Sellers gonna sell.
Hodlers gonna hodl.
Uppy-downy price gonna do thing regardless, because low network-effects.
Uppy-downy price make best possible conditions for organic growth of network effects.
@_date: 2017-03-04 19:05:04
Well, they changed the name of their sub to and yes, they ran out of material a long time ago. They'll rejoice again when the price crashes, of course. All the while, telling themselves that they care more about bitcoin succeeding, rather than being proven correct that the sky is falling because bitcoin didn't immediately hard fork according to their whims.
Then bitcoin will rally again...
@_date: 2019-03-29 08:01:04
Its a subtle point, but one which (shamefully) economists have failed to teach or make common knowledge: utility and value stem from a thing's serviceability towards a desired end.  The utility of money is not (solely) in the unit token or commodity...but is a function of the whole, the network of trading partners who agree upon and use a uniform medium Of exchange in order to alleviate barter inefficiencies and unlock the gains of comparative advantage in the division of labor.
In other words, economic *goods* are not necessarily tangible, but are an abstract thing, subjective to each individual's ends- money is a good, but the good is not (primarily) the token, which would have zero value (or at least hold very a different kind of utility) if the individual who holds it were the only one holding it. The token held cannot "store" value, if there is no valuable network of trading partners (money) to which the token gives you commensurate access.
The primary utility of money is that everyone else values it as well; it's almost like a beneficial mass delusion (rather, it is something of a public good, in both the colloquial and technical economic sense).
You are absolutely right and it's too bad that this misguided folk-wisdom persists about bitcoin being a store of value and that that is all it needs to be (or somehow can be so, even without the prospect of it gaining critical network effect- so that it serves as a unit of account, medium of exchange, and store of value).
@_date: 2019-03-14 21:13:01
That spending on its own is always and everywhere a good thing for the economy, is a folk fallacy.
Money is neutral in the long run and there are pros and cons for growth with both slow steady deflation and inflation; but economists prefer mild inflation, because labor markets particularly are downwardly price inelastic. You dont want a recession to hit and for the central bank to already be at the ZLB or otherwise have no place to go to ease the rigidity of wages in response to the downturn, exacerbating the problem.
Spending is more of a response to, or a good sign of success of monetary or fiscal policy in response to a downturn, than it is the goal in itself, or itself a driver of growth.
We must first produce in order to spend and consume. Enabling production and productivity is not caused by more spending, any more than it's useful to say that more spending is caused by more productivity (both are true but mostly useless tautologies).  Growth is more a function of investment, and savings is included in investment; that money doesn't sit idle under mattresses. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 00:06:24
My thoughts on the matter are that, while I would prefer a HF to BU to happen soon (and SegWit to activate)...I'm not a whiny bitch like 90% of the kids in I understood, going in to this in 2011, that a HF and even a SF were going to be very very difficult at this point...regardless of any blockstream conspiracy or censorship (which probably only had a Streissand effect anyway).
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:07:10
And yet, even if the best-case scenario here came true. . . almost no one (not even most bitcoiners) can and will use their bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency to buy groceries or any other daily items.
Because nobody want's to run afoul of the IRS or other state revenue agencies, and no one can realistically track the basis and profit/loss of each little spend and earn that they make with cryptocurrencies, and then report and pay on that quarterly or at the end of each tax year.
How is it that the crypto community is still deluding themselves into thinking that the technical challenges or user-unfriendliness or scaling issues even hold a candle to the problem of government, taxes, unwillingness to uphold crypto rights in courts, and aml/kyc and other banking and financial regulations already on the books (not to mention the regulatory uncertainty of what's to come)?
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:09:28
How is it that there's still people here who don't understand that, no, bitcoin was not designed (nor can anything of this nature be "designed") to fork or do anything else in terms of consensus change. . . .because it is not a technical issue: it is an economic issue; a question of network effects and the uncoordinated choices of thousands of individuals.  
Get this through your heads:  any network good ,like bitcoin, was always going to be extremely difficult to fork by this point, due to its economic nature; and in spite of whatever its programming is or whatever conspiracies may or may not be accentuating or attenuating the tendency towards a fork happening.
I'm an advocate of removing the blocksize limit altogether. . . but you don't see me joining the moronic juvenile bitch-fest that is for the same reason that we're not all out in the streets protesting ipv4 in favor of ipv6.
"Future usefulness" is a subjective and somewhat loaded term, which implies that any of us even know the degree to which the network will or wont centralize if the blocksize limit is raised by *x* amount, or how much growth and adoption will stagnate if we do not raise the blocksize limit (or what 2nd layer services will take over the payment rail needs, etc.).  We all are just making educated guesses at this point, and we all have different values or preferences for the relative ratios of decentralized/censorship resistant to on-chain payment throughput and payment network utility.
@_date: 2016-06-30 18:26:42
My outlook and the focus on the moneyness of the token, are actually fairly in line with mainstream macro ... yet curiosly few in the bitcoin community or economics profession pay much attention to the development of commodities in to money.  
Would love to read your article.
@_date: 2016-06-14 00:06:59
When most everything for sale around me (or within some well-defined economic sphere, such as "online" or maybe decentralized markets which haven't yet fully developed), is denominated in BTC, and not $ or euro or yen....at which point, "taking profits" just means earning and spending and saving my btc in much the same way that I currently use my fiat.
@_date: 2016-06-08 18:11:57
Prison wallet just took on a whole new meaning...
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:09:39
The killer app is a stateless, censorship-resistant money (which is a work in progress).  Not payment network.  Use Paypal or applepay or SWIFT or Visa, etc. for a much better and faster and cheaper user experience.  
You got the wrong idea about what bitcoin is, either on your own, or from someone who does not understand the economics of what is going on here.
The primary short-term value to be had by most users of bitcoin is to be found in speculation.  The holders among us understand that the production of money (without a state decreeing it such by fiat) is something of a public good and fraught with free-rider problems and other externalities.  Holding, among other tactics is a commitment strategy to help overcome these problems more quickly.  With network goods (of which money being the most network-reliant good) demand begets demand, until such time as the token is held widely enough that it can naturally transition into the primary unit of indirect exchange, and then the demand to hold as money augments the liquidity built up by those holding for other reasons, and the price stabilizes in something of a positive feedback loop.
We are not there yet.  Whether or not the Bitcoin network will facilitate the on-chain throughput and ease of user experience to be the payment network of choice for coffee and other everyday retail items, is irrelevant to the primary value proposition of the logical ends of the technology and network effects which have been built up thus far (towards the ends of a unit-of-account money).
@_date: 2016-06-30 23:48:01
I hear ya.  And of course, there's no objectivity to my preferences above yours (and you are of course not alone by any stretch).
I just hope that you and others who see it's potential a certain way, will not get too frustrated and give up on the underlying BTC token/unit (because again, if I'm saying anything, it's that the nature of Bitcoin and the bitcoin protocol is such that it is unlikely to satisfy your needs directly, on-chain); and I hope that you will instead be part of developing 2nd and 3rd layer solutions, such as (but not limited to) lightning networks.   I believe that these and other (possibly centralized) services hold the key to retaining a lot of the characteristics which you hope to see in the Bitcoin payment network, but also overcome the weaknesses inherent to decentralized blockchains.
@_date: 2016-06-13 23:03:12
Can't even tell how many times I've wandered into to wade through the misguided angst and warn them that the only (possible) existential threat to bitcoin was their own whiny, disparaging shit show and their threats of rage quitting.  And even despite all this, the bootstrapping of bitcoin into a money continues and the price cycles resume.
I tried to be the voice of reason and lend perspective to the more important monetary nature of bitcoin (vs. fretting over the minor blockspace issues.)
 Every single "crisis" and every wave of newcomers (and then rage quitters), I try to get them to see that bitcoin is progressing exactly as some of us anticipated....but I get shouted down...and will get shouted down again when the price crashes again (likely stabilizing higher than it had for the last 2 years). 
I really like and admired characters like Mike Hearn, and Rick Falkvinge, and Vitalik Buterin; but it has become unfortunately clear that these visionaries never really understood the most important aspects of what makes bitcoin so special and so potentially valuable way beyond its realized value today.  That's not to diminish their very real contributions and prescient insights or technical skills.  
But I think these people do not understand why or how to trust the market in terms of overcoming the types of problems which will most certainly be solved by the entrepreneurial process; but to respect the very real public goods problem inherent to getting the token bootstrapped into sufficient network good status, such that a unit of account money develops.  
They failed to listen to reason regarding the nature of network goods and that ossification of the protocol and difficulty of hard-forking is not a conspiracy, but a very predictable feature of these types of goods (most especially money).  They failed to understand that consensus around a "good enough" protocol and competition between networks, rather than some fluffy feel-good notion of democratic control over the direction of the protocol, was what makes bitcoin better than state-provided public goods.
Edit: something something about attempts to create self-fulfilling prophecies of bitcoin failure.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:45:19


Actually, it really is.


Completely irrelevant. A lot of activities consume a lot of power. The only question is whether that energy use (costs) are value-generating for the users who pay those costs in order to attain the benefits, and that those users are bearing the costs more or less directly (I.e. not externalizing the costs on others or being subsidized).
The consumption of electricity of course externalizes some costs on others, mostly in the form of pollutions which are not priced in to the cost of electricity, and thus into consumption of mining resources and transaction fees. Also, some electricity is government subsidized.
All this implies, though, is that something like a Pigouvian tax needs to be used to internalize the pollution costs, and maybe governments need to not subsidize electricity to miners (this would actually improve mining decentralization...so in fact, Gov subsidies create a negative externality on bitcoin users).
And these externalities of course apply to **everything else** which uses electricity...so is not unique to bitcoin and thus not an argument against it.
Bitcoin mining is manifestly a value-producing activity.


Incorrect. That is not how any of this works. It's not how prices and subsequent econimizimg of resources works, and it's not how miners operate.
@_date: 2018-10-30 23:28:03
Sure. We've all done it to some extent...most all of us are trying to spend and replace. But for me (and I'd wager for you and almost everyone else who tries to earn and spend crypto as money), we are bearing the exorbitant costs of tracking and reporting our basis and profit loss, across all our various wallets hot and cold and services; out of more of an ideological motivation.
The masses (and make no mistake; money is the ultimate network goos and *does* require the proverbial masses in order to be a money) are not going to bear this cost, on top of adopting a new, volatile currency.
For now (and not to downplay how important this is), crypto utility is mostly found in helping truly oppressed to escape government/capital controls, and to hedge against national currencies which are more volatile than even cryptos and highly inflationary.
Most people in developed nations are hard pressed to adopt crypto at all...let alone when they find out how thoroughly they'd have to complexify their lives and taxes. And they are not going to break the law for crypto. 
If and when the masses are ready to ignore the capital gains transaction costs...then some cryptos can become money. Until then, they are mostly going to be relegated to vehicles for speculative trading, some international remittance, darknet markets and other grey/black markets, and proxy currency/payment networks for government's unit of account.
@_date: 2016-06-30 17:57:20
I'm not overly fond of banks (they are basically just an arm of the government at this point).
You're right, I'm probably not as ideollogically committed as I should be....however, not supporting banks is a somewhat seperate issue to supporting bitcoin.  I, in fact do spend some of my bitcoin (especially at local brick-and-mortar that accepts) because I get to signal continued interest in it, and because they keep a portion in bitcoin.
But even this is only indirectly related to what is actually going to happen (economically) to the token and its necessary ubiquity in order to be demanded as money and become the unit of account for at least some economic sphere.
Edit: just to make clear; no, I'm not much of a speculator, but those who are are doing a great service to the market, and are helping promote these important monetary ends.  The payment network won't survive if the bitcoin token hangs in limbo, between moneyness and perpetual massive fluctuation.
@_date: 2016-06-13 23:45:26
I didnt, nor wouldn't say that "Vitalik doesn't understand bitcoin". Surely you didn't gather that, since I explicitly put a caveat on that.
He was (if I remember correctly) a little butt-hurt that he couldn't get some of his proposals integrated into the protocol, and that lead to him pursuing the Turing complete scripting on another chain.
But to your point and Vitalik's credit, his creation of Ethereum possibly signals a pretty healthy respect for the competition vs. democracy model....but I've just read too many of his other comments and engaged in short debates with him, which make me question this.
It's also the nature of Ethereum and his focus on those characteristics over the *good-enough* state of the bitcoin protocol and innovate at the edges concept, that leads me to believe he doesn't understand the importance of the network effect and stateless money above all else.
There's room in this world for all of that and other avenues of interest into bitcoin...but that all pales in comparison to and will ironically fail, if the public good is not produced, if the network effect of bitcoin (or the best other chain) is not prioritized.  Bitcoin has by far the best chance and hardest won network, and that is not something to throw away, chasing smaller visions of what cryptocurrency can help mankind achieve in terms of wealth and freedom.
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:31:08


I'm not sure I agree that the price rises every time a large company announces they accept btc.  You'd have to show me some pretty solid data on that, and even then we're still just talking about a correlation, and not understanding underlying causation.  It is entirely possible (and I think, likely) that large companies accepting bitcoin may have an upward effect on the price more so because it signals possible interest in the token, and a widened audience who get exposed to bitcoin.  There's nothing in what I said that should make you think that companies accepting bitcoin as payment method is necessarily bad for the ends that I was talking about; nor does the logical process preclude an apparent simultaneous process of demand to hold and interest in accepting the token as payment (though, I would say that the fact that most all of them accept btc as proxy for fiat, shows a qualitative difference between the type of demand driven merchant adoption that we are likely to see later on. . . though it's all in degrees, of course).


I don't know.  Ask them.  I'm not responsible for what other's say or why they are saying it; nor does whatever opinion which has stuck out in your mind as some kind of consensus necessarily indicate what the majority believe.  And again, I would stress that there are ways in which hyping bitcoin as a good payment network is not necessarily antithetical to what I have said either.. . though personally, I agree with you and others who find it to be a pretty poor experience overall; but don't let the value and purpose of hype of the payment features, towards the monetary ends, go over your head.  Some people genuinely find it to be fun and/or easy to use (value is all subjective, after all), and hype is an essential tool in overcoming the public goods problems (though, again, since I personally don't enjoy the payment experience of bitcoin over centralized services, it is disingenuous for me to hype it in that way).


Citation required.  You're also taking a very narrow view of the utility of a stateless and censorship resistant money. I also don't think you appreciate that we don't expect the demand to be there for the money, to the extent that it is not yet money (catch 22. . . public goods problem).  As with many products in the entrepreneurial process; it is necessary to create a product that people didn't even know they wanted.  I don't expect a great many people at this point to share my outlook. . . but that's irrelevant to the nature of the btc token and what it's logical ends are and the efficacy of trying to promote it towards those ends.
@_date: 2018-10-31 03:51:28


I don't put stock in intentions: it doesn't matter to me or the masses who never adopt bitcoin because of the massive "impracticalities", whether the government *intended* to hobble crypto or not. There is no qualitative difference between the government banning crypto outright, and making it impractical to use via what they think are benign taxes or money transmitter licensing...only a quantitative difference. They are making it de facto illegal to use, even if not de jure illegal.




Crypto will never develop this "infrastructure" (unless one becomes a fiat currency of a state); it cannot externalize its administrative costs on taxpayers or through seigniorage...that's the whole point of cryptos like bitcoin or monero: to become non-state money.


I mostly share your outlook on this and the rest of your comment. I come at this from a different angle, though; and I hope you'll take a few minutes to read through [my thoughts on money creation on the market, and how it applies to cryptos](
@_date: 2018-10-25 18:21:04
Yeah. And there are controllable factors keeping it more volatile than it needs to be (e.g. the tracking/reporting requirements inherent to capital gains taxes, make it impossible, legally, to use crypto coins as currency, and thus gain any traction with transaction loops/better fundamentals).
Politically though, it is infeasible to change these factors for much the better.
@_date: 2019-03-13 22:59:33
Yes and no.
You know how economists will say that the best fix for a high price is a high price?
Well, the best fix for volatility is often volatility...and in the case of a proto-money like bitcoin, volatility is definitely a positive feedback mechanism, because in order to coordinate actualized money on a market, you have to get people past some assurance and free-riding hurdles: I want to use bitcoin as currency, but few other people have any to pay me in, or offer their goods and services in exchange for bitcoin...because few other people have any bitcoin to pay *them* in or offer them their goods and services in exchange for bitcoin.  This is somewhat akin to a classic public goods market failure.  But markets do have some self-correcting mechanisms:
Lotteries and high-risk games of chance have been used since almost the dawn of human civilization, by individuals, governments, and groups like charities, to successfully get more investment or spending out of people, than they would otherwise be able to elicit (a lottery or similar setup incentivizes individuals to give or invest when they otherwise would rightly fear that they will be one of the only ones and their money alone will not achieve the good or goal...buy give them the chance of winning something worth much more than what they can spend, and they will do it, regardless of whether or not everyone else does...consequently, nearly everyone else does too).
The volatility we have seen in cryptos is not just some function of the type of people who are invested in it, or a hodling mentality...the volatility is inevitable as the market coordinates through this catch-22, and the caliber of person involved matters very little (there are government interventions which are likely thwarting the natural market mechanisms which would otherwise be tending towards stability but that's another discussion). And the volatility, despite how off-putting it can seem, and despite the more visible attrition when the bubbles pop, has been the number one factor in prompting adoption of the coin and awareness and investment in the space. It is the very factor which will most help to coordinate transaction loops, because it alone simultaneously incentivizes all classes of the economy (producers, consumers, buyers and sellers) to acquire and or divest of an asset that they otherwise would have no reason to touch (not until theres the profit opportunity too good to pass up), and suddenly, a lot of people do (all at the same time) have bitcoin to pay you in, and have goods and services they are willing to exchange to you for your bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-30 18:42:14
I'm just not that concerned with whether people should be fork averse; but rather trying to get people to understand (and some of us have understood all along) that the market at this point IS going to be fork averse....and that's juse the nature of standards and protocols and network goods...and bitcoin is only going to ossify further.
Now, to some degree I think it's worth fighting this tendency right now, to get in maybe one last hard fork (especially for a removal of the blocksize cap).
But sometimed I seem to be the only one here who's not constantly surprised by how "bitcoin" is behaving, or dissapointed in the developments....maybe it's time more people took a look at the fundamental way in which they view bitcoin and what it is...this mostly comes down to understanding money, and also recognizing the relative insignificance of bitcoin's in-built payment network (i.e. because the token is digital/virtual, there had to be a way for us meatbags to transfer and combine the tokens at all...thus something had to be in-built)...but whether Satoshi realized it or not, when they penned: Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer electronic cash system..."cash" necessarily meant money here (and not "arbitrary token to serve as proxy for fiat while we all bang our heads against the wall trying to make a decentralized blockchain compete with centralized services for payment throughput and ease of use). No, they were setting up a token, which by its nature must necessarily become money (which it is not yet) or else stagnate and die; and the Bitcoin payment network would stagnate and die along with it, almost regardless of how user-friendly and high-bandwidth the payment network was.
@_date: 2018-10-12 15:44:59
Let them feel like they are controlling something. The major damage to the development of bitcoin into money has already been done by the capital gains tracking and reporting requirements.
Short of flat-out banning crypto and going after holders, there's not much more the government will realistically do to help or hinder bitcoin.
It is, and always was, an anti-state and agorist tool; and that means that the network effects for money are going to take a long time to coalesce among a more international and underground userspace.
@_date: 2018-10-17 03:01:15
Do you not see that what you are arguing is a reason for policy changes, like carbon taxes...not an argument against PoW mining per se?
All activities boil down to human labor and energy use (and I would argue that human labor is the more important to conserve...and bitcoin does that in spades...if we're going to try to make non-sensical comparisons like bitcoin to Amex/banks). Any criticism of bitcoin mining's electricity usage, without at least attempting to go in to the mind-blowingly massive uses of all kinds of resources in order to do what Amex does, is just hypocritical.
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:34:23
Do you think that there's like a CEO of bitcoin who can dictate such a thing? Or that, *how* people use the token, can just be programmed into the protocol?
What does that even mean, "supposed to be"?
Please consider [this](
And then consider the effect that such things as the tracking and reporting requirements inherent to capital gains taxes, and AML/KYC laws, have had on peoples' ability to use bitcoin/crypto as currencies.
@_date: 2016-06-30 18:07:23




Well...how else do you think it gets to the point you want it at?  I assure you, the treating it as investment and speculation are very important parts of that process.  Bitcoin is not going to stick around forever to be a payment network for you and others, if the token hangs perpetually in limbo, somewhere between being a unit-of-account money, and a wildly swinging digital asset with unclear or relatively small utility in its own right.
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:51:53
Democracy does not guarantee freedom or even good policy.
Democracies are perfectly capable of being tyrannical...the tyranny just usually being overlooked, because most people have this strange notion or truism in their heads that if a majority chooses something, it must be good, and the losing minority must not be suffering....because they can vote.
@_date: 2016-06-13 23:19:07
Or plan B....ignore them all, via technology and agorism.
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:09:00
I don't if you're joking; but the fact that it does tend to be easier to buy than to spend is indeed partly an indicator of market preference. . . right in line with [what I've been trying to explain to OP]( (an IS argument, not an OUGHT).  
@_date: 2018-10-31 00:11:32
Enjoyed reading your comment. Will respond later if I can.
@_date: 2018-10-30 21:58:23
It makes sense from the irs' s perspective. Sure.
When people ask and doubt how the state maintains its monopoly on money, or disparage cryptos as ultimately too volatile to use as currency...just remember that it is being legally prohibited from being used as a currency, and thus transaction loops prevented from forming.
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:20:49




And yet you seem (and popular sentiment definitely) to not be applying this both ways:  When anyone wants to praise or promote bitcoin over traditional investments or fiat, it's apples and oranges (which is true)...but when you guys vouch for the stability or benefits of stocks, bonds, and treasuries over "gambling" in cryptocurrencies, it's then magically comparable, and a stable period in bitcoin's price is "just cherrypicking", and a volatile period in the stock market is just a fluke, as if the business cycle doesn't exist and regularly wipe people out....are you going to tell people they just need to hold their assets inter-generarionally? Now who's irrationally holding?
In fact, if you take that latter view, you start to understand one of the purposes of bitcoin: it's borne of the extremely long-term and wide view, that stable governments and national currencies and traditional markets **are the exception, not the rule**.
It sounds silly and extremist and irrational to go all zero-hedge and constantly predict doom for the most powerful and stable economy the world has ever seen...and I think zero-hedgers are silly too; but it's equally absurd to pretend that a few years of high volatility in a completely new asset class; a proto-money digital commodity...is anything other than expected and an amazing opportunity and a possible hedge agsinst government failure and malfeasance.  It is absurd to think that bitcoin and other crypto *shouldn't* be a part of nearly everyone's portfolio.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:28:25
You just keep on informing the public with those useful factoids.
The hero bitcoin needs!
@_date: 2017-08-16 11:31:44
Are...are we going to have to eat each other?
@_date: 2017-01-27 18:57:11
These prognostications are what we've seen before...many more times than these people realize they've been short-sighted or have any idea of how money develops on a market.
@_date: 2017-01-08 01:23:01
Correct, and bitcoin is not yet a money, and for the time being its primary non-monetary use-value (which is necessary to bootstrap it into monetary position) is its utility as payment network.
I'm really tired of being one of like maybe 5 people who understand that bitcoin should not and cannot ultimately compete with PayPal and visa, but that it's blocksize cap should still be lifted, in order to have a hope of providing utility to a wide enough sphere of people that it becomes ubiquitous, unit of account, and its excellent monetary properties begin to manifest in closed transaction loops and where the utility of the payment network is no longer required to sustain demand for the token.
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:26:48
Imagine still believing this in 2019
@_date: 2018-10-11 15:06:01
@_date: 2017-01-18 04:25:37
I see is here. Welcome! Please understand 4 things before going full retard with your opinions:
1. [The nature of money and how bitcoin is evolving on the market. a.k.a. How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Volatility](
2. [Bitcoin is dead](  Honey Badger doesn't care. 
3. [Don't buy bitcoin](
4. ["This community is like so toxic man! That's why bitcoin isn't mainstream."](  Bitcoin is part of our exit from your system. It is not, and never will be compatible with mainstream thinking or legacy governance systems.
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:26:17
Yes, there may be some. Most firms aren't in the business of currency speculation or even hedging...so when a bunch of bitcoiners simply make a stink about wanting the merchant to accept their coin, it makes sense for the merchant to oblige, but the merchant must convert their earned bitcoin into local currency fairly immediately.
However, the hype and volatility and prospect of massive gains is what will get many more merchants holding between the cycles...and not just the merchants, but importantly these large gains coordinate also the merchants' vendors and customers; such that transaction loops are coordinated.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:07:56
@_date: 2017-01-01 06:12:28
@_date: 2016-01-16 23:32:12
Something something *My Axe!*
@_date: 2018-10-25 23:02:54
"If arguments I don't agree with require more than an 80 character blurb, they don't exist!"
- You
@_date: 2017-01-21 22:14:51
Thank you for getting it.  This anti-banking crap is the cringey, immature side of bitcoin, and at best distracts from the real potential value of bitcoin as, not just a way to stick it to banks, but a way to produce a new monetary unit on the market.  If technology can enable people to be able to mostly avoid having to use banking services with their bitcoin, great! If not, then banking is manifestly valuable...and I believe that banking and centralized payment and credit networks (like visa, mastercard) will still be useful to consumers and bitcoin users.  Credit lines are important. Investment of capital is important. Consumer protection and chargebacks are valuable. It matters more what unit of account is being transferred...not which payment network it is going over.
More importantly, fractional reserve on top of bitcoin as base money, presents the prospect of allowing accomodative monetary policy (or rather, market mechanism) on a fixed supply commodity-money.
@_date: 2017-08-14 02:30:37
That is the [change]( address.
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:55:24
Is there a particular aspect you're interested in?  Texts on my particular interest or way of looking at money are rare-to-non-existent.  Most of what's out there blows over the mechanics of how money comes about, and is either a macro treatise or a historical detail (both interesting, but leaves an idea gap).  I've had to pick through a lot of work in order to find support for the ideas that I feel are most applicable to bitcoin's development.
In economics, there's almost always more than one way, or framework through which to view a phenomenon.  Most academic papers are focused on macro money supply and management, or money in relation to trade and banking.  There is a framework though, of money as a network good, which you can find quite a few papers on, which explores a lot of the concepts I talked about.  [Here's a good primer]( and example of what I'm talking about.
There is a lot of economic history to sift through.  I could recommend [Rothbard's Money and Banking]( for some useful history, and from an archeological standpoint, there's David Graeber's well-known work, which I would take with a large grain of salt, but is still pretty interesting.  
Just about any macro text, like [Mishkin's](  will do an equally good job boring you to sleep with good foundations of understanding money and it's modern role in financial systems and economies.  But I would again caution, that the definitions used to describe money are sound, but only one way of looking at the phenomenon, and that's fine for those texts as they are not too concerned with origin mechanics as much as aggregates and macro mechanics
There are of course the state theory of money (chartalism), market theory; and those two are more or less correct; and then there's the credit theory. . .which really, is only applicable for small high trust economies, and even then, in it's purest form (if developed to it's logical ends) is really just a market theory of a money based on a pure ledger, where they didn't have modern information technology (or cryptographic hash functions!) in order to make the system efficient or scaleable.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:00:38


Stateless and decentralized are **is** statements, and not just ought.  Bitcoin, whatever it is right now, is not created nor backed, nor given value by a state or central actor.  I shouldn't even need to explain the similar claim in regards to its decentrality.  
Also, your statement is empirically falsified, simply by the fact that I know that I am sold on bitcoin because of it's stateless and decentralized nature.
You seem to be confused as to my stance:  I agree with OP in regards to the lackluster user experience as a payment network. . .and am hopeful (indeed for promoting of the monetary ends of bitcoin) that the UX gets better and more secure.  
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:01:27
@_date: 2016-06-26 18:34:38


Which necessarily means getting your blockchain's token to monetary status; to be accepted as money.  There's two ways to do that:
1. Have government declare it money by fiat, or
2. Allow the market to painstakingly, slowly, overcome the public goods problems inherent to bringing about a common unit of indirect exchange (this, even assuming that your token has the best monetary characteristics and will be chosen by the market and drive out inferior monies competing in the same space).
Or, these people could stop and recognize that, bitcoin has been doing the latter, all along...painstakingly building network effect, building a base of holders, slowly stabilizing until such point as goods and services can be denominated in the btc unit. They could simply distill down what they are trying to accomplish by "moving real money onto the chain", and realize that the network effect is everything in this regard, and that bitcoin is the crypto token closest to achieving monetary status (by far) and piggyback on that foundation, ride that wave.
You cannot put "real money" onto a blockchain. You can only turn a blockchain token into money...and unless you get a government to force people to use it and exchange it at parity with their fiat...then it is necessarily a different money, a different unit of account.  
So good luck creating your own AOL, er, I mean unit of account, banks...the internet, er, I mean bitcoin, will be here waiting for you to come around.
@_date: 2017-08-15 23:13:30
ITT: people who somehow cannot separate the idea of money from payment networks.
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:33:46
Yes, and the volatility actually helps coordinate the simultaneous adoption by customer, merchant and vendor, resulting in transaction loops.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:44:43
Thank you! I need to take the time to cite some sources, but I think that people will find that there is a good deal to learn about money (just because we take it for granted and don't really consider it) that is soundly in the realm of reasoning and verbal logic...as opposed to empirical work like David Graeber's, who I actually would be citing as source for some of what I wrote.
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:02:16
Who says volatility is bad?  
For a token or commodity to be held widely enough and become highly liquid (so that it's good monetary properties can come to bear and be utilized) it has to overcome a certain coordination problem: who wants a token that's not yet money (not yet the defacto or go-to unit of indirect exchange in a substantial economic sphere)? It can't be money if it's not already widely held... But how does something become widely held if it has limited non-monetary utility (such as gold has in industry or jewelry)?  There's a kind of catch 22 here, and without a government to decree that token money, by fiat, there needs to be a bootstrapping and coordinating mechanism in the market.  
One such mechanism for overcoming these free rider problems and coordinating the distribution of a commodity is the lottery-like mechanism of the speculation and prospect for huge gains, which helps to incent not only merchants to demand and accept the token (to simply exchange it away for "real money" immediately), but puts that pressure also on their customers and vendors/suppliers; such that transaction loops can be coordinated without a central hand.
The market needs to be left alone by states and regulators to be strengthened (anti-fragility) by failures, and for market regulation to develop organically rather than fall victim to central control, moral hazard, and stagnation.
Above all, if bitcoin is to ever become money, without being declared such by a state, then the volatility and hype cycles should be more celebrated, less feared.  And speculation acknowledged as an indispensable part of the price discovery and coordination process.
Otherwise...volatility will be perpetual (until bitcoin fizzles out from just being a largely inferior payment rail, a decentralized expensive paypal, instead of a unit-of-account money) instead of the volatility being productive towards bitcoin overcoming the coordination problem.
@_date: 2017-01-13 01:35:16
Sometimes you just have to respect that people have differences and move on. 
If they're earnest truth-seekers, you'll be able to slowly at least expose them to better information and truth about how bitcoin works and why it is still here and not likely going away.
If they are like most people who say this stuff, just respond in kind with two of my favorite links to mock their willful ignorance:
@_date: 2017-01-14 01:34:14
And just wanting to trade and speculate and profit is no less noble than wanting bitcoin to specifically become money.  
Similarly, there's nothing wrong with just wanting to use bitcoin as a currency, a payment network...but unlike the short to medium term outlook of a typical trader, a user of a payment network needs longevity and eventual stability, and I just don't see that those people have a good grasp of how fear and loathing of these market processes undermines what they think they want, and might consign it to a lengthier period of volatility and unsustainability.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:49:28
Please see:  
@_date: 2018-10-17 00:53:04
1. Higher velocity (more transactions) doesn't necessarily mean higher price. In practice it often has, but this is due to increases in price leading (and likely *causing*) more transactions on the blockchain. These first years are weird and the price discovery phase is going to be different than the network in the future.
2. The mining reward is halving all the time...so the next halvening (and each subsequent one), the profit potential for miners to add hash power *decreases*...even though having fewer coins hit the market does tend to increase the price...it never doubles the price as far as we can tell (hard to pin causation, and these halvenings are completely predictable, thus largely priced-in over long periods of time)...so the likely net effect is that this will decrease the amount of energy expended, all other things equal.
3. ASICs are still getting more efficient over time...so as the above two things happen, this will ultimately create less use of energy on mining.
4. Bitcoin Cash scales on-chain very nicely and is poised to compete with even the likes of American Express for sheer number of transactions facilitated...and it will do this without necessarily consuming more power on mining. (Now watch my comment get censored).
**Energy used by the system is not directly linked to transactions processed**
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:05:11
You know what else is true?
Fact! Men are raped at a higher rate than women.
Just leave that on an ad and watch as you intentionally let millions of morons jump to the conclusion that women are more rapey than men...
Context matters.  Facts are not useful on their own, and they are not incapable of disingenuously conveying a desired message.
How often men are raped has nothing to do with how often women commit rape (I.e. it is usually other men raping men), and how much energy the bitcoin network uses is completely irrelevant to the question of whether that much energy usage is a good or bad thing...whether it is value-producing.
Nobody balks at all the energy which banks and electric cars use...because most people understand the value that these activities create.  Most people do not understand the value that bitcoin creates (and have even been propagandized to believe that it is a value-destroying activity)...and so they take any mention of some non-comparable stat like, how much energy bitcoin uses, compare it to a totally different thing, like electric cars, and then morons like you flood in here and "guilelessly" remind us of the technical truth of the completely worthless fact, that bitcoin uses more energy than all the electric vehicles in the world, and try to imply that we are being defensive for no reason.
Sure, Buddy.
@_date: 2017-01-31 03:35:23
I like the cut of his jib.
@_date: 2016-11-09 08:21:16
Bitcoin is anti-state and counter-economic technology.  There is no escaping that.
Elections and political and market uncertainty are noise or proximate causes at best for the various movements.
Buy and hold.  That has always been the thing to do, and will be for a good while to come.
@_date: 2016-11-06 00:38:55
Correct.  I'm even a BU supporter...but I can't stand that place and any time I do spend over there, I'm compelled to use it to reprimand the angsty children.
@_date: 2016-11-11 20:56:13
You had a great comment and I was totally with you until you went full retard with:


Just so completely false.  There are economies of scale to every enterprise and there are diseconomies of scale.  Firms (companies) find equilibrium somewhere between perfect competition and absolute monopoly. . . government regulation does little to actually prevent natural monopolies (anti-trust), compared to the many many ways in which almost all other regulations create disadvantages for competition and advantages for established incumbents. . .thus creating unnatural economies of scale, or bolstering cartelizing activities.
Also, bitcoin is not a company or firm in the traditional economic sense and has to be examined through a slightly different lens.  But yes, there is centralization pressure on mining and other aspects of the bitcoin economy.  Government regulation is not going to help this more than it would hurt other things.  Government is the only force that can create near absolute monopolies.  Even natural monopolies are subject to latent competition if the government is not involved in privileging the monopolist or outlawing competition.
Where it comes to core devs (see my other comment in this thread) I'm all in favor of "competition" but Core does not have what you'd call a monopoly in that sense.  They have not secured their position through predatory "pricing" or lobbying government, or even providing the necessarily best product.  They have achieved their position by being the first, and the network effect setting up a path dependence.
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:52:51
Nicely put.  And if I can just add on to what you just posted:  


Money, more so than any other good; since by definition, money is the most saleable good and the unit of indirect exchange.  For something to become money, necessarily means that it has the best properties of fungibility, durability, transportability, homogeneity, divisibility, etc. . .and with such properties, it retains the most indirect exchange value of all goods, because I know that even if I don't want it, in order to directly service my needs, it will fungibly service the most other peoples'.  Double coincidence of wants . . . and all that.
This is part of why the moneyness of bitcoin and bootstrapping it as such, is so much more important (and I think interesting), than its utility as payment network (though of course its utility as payment network is one of the main driving forces towards the token becoming a unit of account money).
@_date: 2016-12-29 02:58:02
Or for anyone interested in the slightly-more-sophisticated-than-the-meme version of this idea:
Probably the most persistent and universal thing giving bitcoin (the token) value, is the utility of its in-built payment network (and the pseudonymity and censorship resistance qualities which come along with it)...that utility is inseparably connected to each unit token as a share of that. There are plenty of other, more ethereal reasons for people to value it (all of which "backs" the bitcoin currency in the same fundamental way which the requirement of paying taxes in dollars "backs" that money).
The creation or evolution of money on a market (vs. by government fiat to promote or sustain it's existence) faces a coordination problem in getting to that point of ubiquity and liquidity, such that it's primary use-value is in fact use as the most saleable token of indirect exchange (I.e. that is when something becomes money...which by the way, bitcoin is does not actually serve yet as money in any significant economic sphere; and that point that Morpheus is talking about is essentially when bitcoin becomes a unit-of-account money).
Markets are slow to create money in the face of this market failure/coordination problem. Thus, market monies of the past have often been commodities which had some significant non-monetary use-value prior to becoming money, which naturally put them in to the hands of many people (e.g. gold's use for jewelry) and bootstrapped those commodities to the point that their good monetary properties (fungibility, divisibility, scarcity, etc) could manifest and ensconce the commodity in place as the most saleable commodity such that it is mostly useful for indirect exchange itself, rather than the non-monetary utility.
There is even an argument to be made that a money is ideally free from the demand and supply shocks which come from the other uses of the commodity. In this way, and because of its superior monetary properties; bitcoin excels beyond gold and other commodity monies of the past.
But what is not well understood and appreciated even among bitcoin enthusiasts, is that bitcoin is not yet money...that it is still in a phase of price discovery and trying (as it were) to overcome the catch 22 coordination problems which are arguably more present with a token like bitcoin...which has less of an obvious non-monetary value or use-component with which to bootstrap itself into widespread holding in the first place, such that its monetary properties can manifest in closed transaction loops as a token suddenly valuable for itself; it's use in indirect exchange.
This is where the hype and the booms and crash cycles of its price, and the speculation and FOMO come in to play: these are market mechanisms whereby we (in both an emergent and unconscious...but also a conscious and entrepreneurial fashion) are *willing* and artificially promoting bitcoin into position as the most saleable commodity. We are using the prospect of massive gains to coordinate merchants along with their vendors and customers to simultaneously have an individually rational reason to adopt bitcoin (even though firms aren't normally in the good habit of getting into foreign currency speculation at the expense of their regular business)...we are making the profit opportunities too high for these players or most anyone to ignore, thus they all start demanding the token for itself rather than as a proxy for the "real" money that they ultimately want to exchange it for right now. 
@_date: 2016-11-24 20:41:10
Its unfortunate that its probably going to take the IRS persecuting small-time bitcoin buyers in order for people to start grasping what I've been saying since they classified it as a commodity:  the tax status (and the other ways in which government interferes) are far bigger problems now and moving forward, than all the drama with blocksize and miner centralizarion, combined.
Bitcoin is unavoidably, anti-state technology.  And I believe it will prove highly resilient to the same kind of persecutions that destroyed the moniness of gold...but that doesnt mean that this irs decision and their starting to enforce it won't be a major blow to adoption.
There is no getting around the fact that the irs's  position necessarily destroys bitcoin's moniness above ground in the United states, and relegates use as currency to grey and black transactions.  Nobody can afford the trouble of complying with the requirement to document a cost basis of their everyday spending money, and then calculate the subsequent profit or loss on each transaction they make....across multiple wallets and services. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 22:16:12


You have parenthetical statements outside of parenthetical commas, you have parentheses, you have ellipses that are used for pacing rather than indicative of additional thought. You're halfway in between using punctuation as a representation of your speaking patterns and content.
You use verbose qualifications of statements, when you could simply qualify them by saying what you have to say (just say what you mean, no need for "thus").
No argument here, and no excuse.  It was a grammatical shit-show.


You're absolutely correct that it is a double-edged sword.  In fact, I hope to show you in the following that your misunderstanding of what I wrote is good proof of that.  I have simply found that, when all is said and done, I get a little better comprehension out of being too verbose and preserving the nuance, rather than condensing the thoughts down.  I lose a lot of readers, but gain better understanding on those who are patient with it.


In an ironic twist, you could have just said here:  "It is too long, I can't be expected to respond or make argument to every point".
And if that's the case, I understand; so don't read it!  As I made clear from the start, the idea I'm conveying is somewhat complex or at least fairly foreign to the way most people are thinking about the bitcoin ecosystem.  And I think it's important to counter that.  It requires lengthy posts and patient replies.  I can't break it up into chunks here and post it out as a series and expect to maintain a consistent audience to follow through with understanding the idea.  Or, if my abridgment of your statement doesn't do justice to the idea you are trying to convey, maybe you can start to see some of the merit in the way that I write; since I am after deeper understanding and not just superficial agreement circle-jerking and reddit bro-hugs. 
The very length of your post and the way it is broken up isn't exactly a model of technical writing, but I understand (and appreciate, by the way) the thought you put in to it and, because you took more words to do it, I think it will help me in some ways to be a better communicator in the future.
Some final thoughts (because again, I think you might do well to consider how you have misunderstood what I wrote; perhaps because you were focused on the form rather than content).


first pass for efficiency: "merchants along with their vendors and customers" = marketplaces
I should be able to use "market" or "marketplaces" here; but I intentionally did not, because I have simplified it to that in the past and what happens is that it gets lost on people that there's a big difference between the (somewhat artificial) merchant adoption phase which we saw take hold around 2013 and then so many of them fall away, because they realize that they just aren't getting a lot of revenue that way, but mostly because they can't pay their employees in it, and can't pay their vendors in it.  They are forced to immediately exchange all or most of it for their local currency.  It was necessary to spell this out so that people can make the distinction and realize that the coordination problem inherent to this is in somehow getting most parties or every party simultaneously demanding the bitcoin token.


Again, I used specific language, and I use those terms in the economic sense.  In economics we use "individually rational" and "socially rational" to convey two different ideas; two sets of incentive structures.  Adding "reason" to the end was not redundant.  


"thus" = not necessary when providing a conclusion or therefore to a cause and effect pattern.
"all start...right now" = either this is redundant or implied on either end.
Fair enough.


Yes, that's the popular opinion, and as I showed thoroughly, troublesome or flat out wrong.  I suggest you read the comment again to fully understand why and also see [this]( comment from elsewhere in the thread which builds on the idea to explain why achievement of money is still of primary importance, even if you're only concerned with seeing the Bitcoin payment network be your replacement for paypal and banks, or stay relevant at all.  You have to grapple with the problem of how you are going to overcome the coordination problem of producing money, if massive gains is only for a small subset of the "customer population" (not sure what you meant by that).  It seems that you came into the community probably around the 2013 boom, and you aren't aware of the original culture and understanding that permeated the early adopters in the bitcointalk forums and such:  we mostly all understood that this experiment was necessarily about money; not just another payment network.  Not a decentralized paypal, or just some way to stick it to the banks.  It was understood that bitcoin had a long road before the token could be considered money, and that was the proverbial "moon" we were all looking forward to.


Yes, bitcoinspace entrepreneurs are.  Also, the (overly verbose) context before and after should have given you to understand that I was kind of saying "we" in the sense of what is happening, both outside of individual control (i.e. spontaneously) and what some people are doing to promote or build on that.  The fear and loathing of the price cycles and the profit opportunities and speculation needs to cease, and be understood for the very important market mechanisms that it is.  If you still think bitcoin is just about being able to transact more cheaply than credit card fees; then you are necessarily at a loss to explain why the bitcoin market and ecosystem behaves the way it does;  you are just another confused millennial regurgitating the zeitgeist of "banks/profit=bad", "the robots are terking er jerbs!" "Everybody here is just, like, a get-rich-quick schemer", "bitcoin is like too volatile, we all gotta spend our coins 'cause that's how it was intended to be used" (as if that wasn't already done, with counter-productive results).


We make profit opportunities by hodling.  Sopping up supply. By promoting bitcoin.  By willing it, bootstrapping it into a position where it is not just "backed" or sustained by our ideological wishing for it to be widely used.  Money is a very different good than sneakers and novelties.  Bitcoin has extremely good monetary properties.  Shoes do not.  We don't need or want first edition sneakers to be our token of indirect exchange.  Network goods behave differently.  They begin to take on a life of their own; demand begets demand.


Again, this the same for any object that has value. Someone can buy a star wars toy to invest in it and never play with it.
No. No it is not the same.  For you to still not grasp this and why, proves that my wordiness (while I can communicate and punctuate more clearly) is very necessary.  Go back and read the comment again and understand.


Really doesn't even begin to summarize the ideas I covered, or even the most important of them.
@_date: 2016-12-27 07:55:29
That has been a far larger factor in bitcoin uptake (or lack of it) than either of the two subs have been willing to admit and pay attention to.
I don't think any of the devs want to get pulled into the grey areas of focusing on protocol-level anonymity...rather, its much easier to just continue to entertain the (mostly) silly differences of the two sides of the block size "civil war".
@_date: 2016-12-30 17:14:52
And eventually you won't even likely ever eat a burrito that makes you sick, because there's too much money to be made from making sure your burritos do not make people sick and even hiring a health inspector to regularly sign off on your processes and the consumer confidence that will create.  Just like these hoverboard companies all recently (voluntarily)  submitted themselves to Underwriters Laboratories scrutiny and changed their products (at great expense) to have much less chance of blowing up...all without a law or government regulator getting involved.
Markets provide constant incentive for improvement (including markets for money), whereas governments roughly only provide incentive to bloat, and corrupt.
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:35:27
Yeah, but don't remove it. Let people see this and what reasonable people reply with, so that the pettiness, dislogic, and other-blaming gets exposed.
@_date: 2016-12-29 13:46:12
As the author of that obnoxiously written comment, I will happily agree that it was not my best work and could be a little more concise and better constructed sentences.  It was actually just a copypasta from a comment I wrote earlier in another sub, and on mobile.
It is a concept that I've been writing tomes about for years in the bitcoin community because I think that the concept of money itself is not only poorly understood, but has everything to do with the real and most important prospects for bitcoin and its future value.
But this is where I have to agree with I have found that in trying to get people to understand this idea and its importance and relevance to how bitcoin can succeed or fail, there are few shortcuts. And that when people take issue with the length and to some extent, the style of my posts, it is usually just short-hand for not really paying attention to the nuance that the obnoxious style and length is trying to convey.  This is evidenced by those same people usually taking the same exceptions to the lengthy writing of others who are trying to convey complex or foreign ideas, and how when they argue a case against the asserted idea, they have usually completely missed the point and predictably only gleaned the parts of the idea or post which conform to the current or popular paradigm or mode of thinking about the problem.  When brevity is attempted, current paradigms don't even get challenged.
Tl;dr there isn't always a good-enough tl;dr.  Thanks for reading it!   
@_date: 2016-12-28 07:18:07
The way the IRS has gone and the various bureaus of the federal government, I'd be more worried about mining centralized in the u.s. than in China.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:20:07
Doesn't ignore it.  Just simply doesn't have much to do with it directly.  I can make a more solid argument against the supposed ills of certain monopolizing tendencies among firms in some industries, than you're probably aware of; but it requires re-examining a whole host of other popular dogma and wisdom (and even to some extent, economic consensus).  You would simply claim that I'm being simplistic by making the claims that I would make against your assertion, if I made a case against that in a reddit comment.
Likewise I can make a similar claim that your assertion of the tendency towards monopoly is overly simplistic and ignores substitutes out-of-band of the industry in question.
So, your comment really is probably just self-masturbatory justification in your head against the fact that markets tend to produce better outcomes than force and centralization.  You don't like that my kind of comment is being upvoted, and you probably see that the principles or lessons gleaned from this example can be extrapolated out to a lot of other economic spheres, and so you try to call into question the market-anarchist thinking as "simplistic", just because I have not expounded upon all of the tomes of literature to support the view in a reddit comment.
tl;dr your exception is largely irrelevant here. monopoly does not always mean worse outcomes, and the success of capitalism does not hinge upon perfect competition.  competition is a process not a state; latent competition is a thing.  sophisticated markets (i.e. those that develop when we don't have the state to fall back on) have mechanisms whereby to substitute for massive fixed costs and economies of scale.  Governments presently do far more to create and ensconce monopolies that they do to break them up, and even if they break them up, they do so in a rather arbitrary way, subject to the inability for central planners to rationally calculate and allocate.
edit: industry, not firm
@_date: 2016-11-25 01:37:19
I think you're right, but if history is an indication, the example made of a few will ward off the many.
@_date: 2016-12-03 03:56:51
Yes.  Just like they can ban alcohol, marijuana, political bribery and graft, and too big sody pops.
They cannot stop reality or the laws of economics though.  All they can do is create black markets, because where something is in strong enough demand; people will use it despite the illegality. 
Fortunately, it is not likely that all governments or jurisdictions will do this, and so bitcoin innovation and its benefits will simply accrue to the less restricted peoples; while black market trade carries on in the restrictive regimes; and bitcoin is in fact particularly well suited to getting around government controls (that is, in fact, one of it's primary uses and utilities: resistance to censorship, collective control, and confiscation, as well as a degree of privacy and anonymity benefits if used carefully in certain ways).
Edit:  it's worth noting that all regulations and restrictions and interferences by government are qualitatively similar or the same to outright bans. . .just different in degree.  We have already seen in the U.S. how the IRS's classification of bitcoin as a capital good/commodity, has made it de facto illegal for use as a currency (i.e. no one can actually track and report their capital gains and losses on every little bitcoin buy, sell, purchase, gift, transaction, miner fee, across multiple wallets and devices and services, and which constitute value realization events, etc).  This has already had a significant chilling effect on adoption and investment in the United States, and as we see the IRS start to actually crack down on this and enforce, the effects will be more pronounced.  Those of us who got in to bitcoin early on knew from the start that bitcoin is necessarily anti-state technology and it was always going to run afoul of the state's ends and be at odds with their legacy methods of controlling money and capital and tax revenue.
@_date: 2016-12-04 04:39:49
@_date: 2016-12-22 16:47:12
Why is that?  The rest of us understand that these periodic booms and busts are part of the necessary price discovery process which are promoting the long-term stability of bitcoin's purchasing power (which is gradually increasing).
Speculation and investment are a necessary (and more importantly, unstoppable) and continuing aspect of all economic goods, including money.
FOMO and hype are an indispensable part of the bootstrapping process, which must overcome the catch 22 of a money needing to be a widely held commodity, but it's not yet valuable as a money until it's widely held.  Now, you can have a government declare something money and bring it into immediate widespread holding and use....but we're not really in to that here.  The world has enough of those types of monies.  Let's try something new.
@_date: 2016-12-01 23:28:04
Markets in general, as a way to organize society, have no one in control.  Unfortunately, most people either value equality (which doesn't tend to come about voluntarily) over prosperity, and/or cannot conceive of emergent orders and feel safer being able to grasp and visualize a relatively simple, central plan for society.  So what they want at the core is control, not freedom or prosperity.
Bitcoin and stateless money is hard for these people to stomach.
@_date: 2018-06-27 18:08:12
Misandrist and racist nonsense.
Bitcoin has always been open to and understandable by women and non-white-men, just as much as white men. Nobody has been standing in anybody's way from using it (except the government) or learning about it.
Grow up and stop worrying about what other people think...or what you think other people think; and focus on ideas.
@_date: 2016-12-29 13:24:20
Well, I make no claims here along any of those lines, so I'm not sure how its relevant, or why bitcoin alone as a money is supposed to be able to deal with those things which aren't really problems per se, or in the case of hyperinflation is even possible in the context of bitcoin only.
@_date: 2016-12-28 07:38:12
Its far worse when governments don't ban outright, but instead just slowly cripple/boil the frog...maintaining the illusion of legitimacy with people.
If you ban it, everybody thinks: "hey, fuck that totalitarian state...no wonder bitcoin isn't exploding in popularity or working as it is supposed to."
If you instead tax it as a commodity, regulate it as a financial instrument or futures contract, pursue sellers and on-ramps as money transmitters, adjudicate disputes as if it were a currency, collect data on and spy on users and buyers, persecute entrepreneurs in the space under the auspices of the drug war, seize it at borders and as civil asset forfeiture (or try anyway), interfere in the workings and liquidity of exchanges under the auspices of criminal investigations and gag orders, require exchanges and on-ramps to behave the same way that legacy financial institutions do...then let each of your 50 state governments also have their way with you..........then you get hordes of Millybitcoins and like-minded, state-indoctrinated morons (aka: most people), foaming at the mouth to denigrate bitcoin because of all the shortcomings and failures they see the market exhibiting (imagining to themselves that it is the product of lack of government control) and wondering why "nobody's using it as a currency" (gee, I wonder why?), and persecuting as immoral or stupid, anyone who could possibly just want the government out of bitcoin and our lives altogether.  Add in their economically ignorant autistic screeching at the (very necessary and beneficial) speculation and cycles and hype and FOMO that are part of bitcoin's price discovery and monetary evolution...and you have a far worse situation than the banana republics who just ban things they don't like.
Bitcoin was born to deal with bans.    
@_date: 2016-12-02 05:48:15
A lot of things about reality are deeply counter-intuitive.  For people who tend to think only one step ahead, so to speak, the world is a frightening place where it seems obvious that if "we" don't take care of people, explicitly (collectively) that means that people surely won't be taken care of.  But of course, by limiting how much time and resource we expropriate for the "greater good"; the more we all prosper in real terms (even if it produces vast inequalities which leave the poorest, richer in real terms than they would be if taken care of directly, but far poorer relatively than the richest).
But this of course tends to happen on a scale and paradigm that is unresolved to our mental frame of view and timeframes that can span generations.  People tend to resist allowing this leaderless plan, viscerally and intuitively...but it does march forward, slowly making progress built on prior gains.  And so will bitcoin, because there is demand for it and there will only be more demand for it as state money becomes more and more restrictive.
It is amazing to me, but there are still people in the bitcoin space who still think bitcoin is just a decentralized paypal, primarily just a payment network.  They still won't concede that bitcoin is by its nature; anti-state.   It will never jive with the state's ends. They do not understand money and that bitcoin is becoming a stateless monetary unit, and that that is far more important than anything else, technical or economic, happening in the bitcoin space.
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:16:45
It has to be seen as an investment first in order to become more suitable as a currency.
@_date: 2016-11-11 20:27:59
Obviously, if they're incompatible, they would fork the chain.  
Competition, though, is good.  This has not been shown, in practice to be more detrimental to the network stability (having multiple competing clients on the network), than the good it can do the ecosystem.  You cannot call bitcoin an open ecosystem if you discourage other clients.  If bitcoin is going to fail because of competing clients. . .then it is going to fail no matter what; may as well harden the network to this aspect as soon as possible.
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:16:08
IRS reclassifies, or it didn't happen.
@_date: 2016-12-31 01:17:55
Ummm. . . wat?  The real world just worked the way I said it would.  Literally, empirically.  And, there is nothing ideal about the conditions under which the UL just successfully regulated product safety in a voluntary way.  
The real world as you call it (because of government intervention to attempt to correct market failures), distorts how markets work and creates more market failure in the process, as well as subjects us to political externalities.  So, what you observe in the world around you is hardly indicative of what markets can or can't accomplish without the guiding hand or backstop of government.
Bitcoin is also on its way to becoming money, despite the direct and indirect persecutions from the state, and their existing, incumbent money which is ensconced into place by the taxing powers of the state and also in small part due to legal tender laws.  There is nothing ideal about the environment in which the market for money is proving bitcoin to be useful and successful.  There is no getting around supply and demand; there is only force and fraud that can delay the inevitable: markets are and will continue to eat your lunch if you bet on the state.  It's going to be a freer world. . .get used to it.
@_date: 2016-12-29 18:24:07
I don't disagree with you. I also feel it is important that the block size cap is removed...even if we only envisioned the Bitcoin network to serve as a high-level settlement layer for banks and exchanges and lightning networks and side-chains to be built on top of.  But I'm less qualified to get in to those debates.
Where the blocksize issue does overlap with what I've put my time into learning and my above comment; is to note that (unlike gold and other commodities) bitcoin the token does not appear to have a lot of non-monetary use or value. Again, the payment network is valuable but unfortunately for this context, a payment network is a *network good* just like money is a network good.  This means that their overall usefulness is a function of how many people use it...this is part of that catch 22 I mentioned: how do you get people to use it if its not useful to people unless a lot of people are already using it?  I think we've largely already overcome, and bootstrapped a payment network large enough to self-sustain and grow.  The bitcoin token is not held widely enough to self-sustain demand for itself as a unit of indirect exchange. It has not achieved that network effect.
What the above paragraph implies to me, though, is that:
1. Bitcoin's price or exchange value is going to be a largely binary proposition ("moon" or very low price, very niche use).  The payment network alone is not likely to sustain these high prices we are seeing indefinitely (even if we un-cap the block size in a hard-core and bear the cost of the possible ensuing centralizing of mining). Centralized payment networks are always going to be able to do better in most ways than crypto-networks.  Bitcoin was never primarily about the payment network...it is about money; its just that the token is digital and we meatbags have no way to manipulate or transfer the token, without at least some kind of rudimentary payment network being attached to that token.  There's not a lot of room here for bitcoin to sit comfortably in the middle: it needs to become money as quickly as possible, or risk fizzling out.
2.  In order to get bitcoin to money status, we need to embrace every way possible to improve and extend the reach and utility of the in-built payment network, and every other payment rail or mechanism there is which can essentially carry bitcoins (whether centralized or open source. Whether via hard fork or soft fork). SegWit, lightning network, sidechains, credit cards funded by bitcoin, banks issuing notes on top of bitcoin, a hard-fork to BitcoinUnlimited, protocol-level anonymity, all of it!  Make it all happen.
The problem with the debate all along has been that people are too focused on the bitcoin payment network, rather than the proto-money token.  I do not believe that bitcoin will succeed unless at least some of the important entrepreneurs and developers in this space, recognize that the payment network is not the end, but a means to the only end which will secure a sustainable state of the token exchange price: money.
@_date: 2019-02-08 18:17:32
Most governments, short of outright banning cryptocurrency, have done some of the most destructive things possible to it: taxing it as property/capital asset, destroys any practical ability to use it as a currency for day-to-day use.
And lets not even get in to what AML/KYC laws and lack of property rights protection through the courts, has done.
I dont know why everyone is still waiting for some subtle but direct attack on mining from the *deep state* or something like that, in order to acknowledge that bitcoin has been weathering significant attacks. Most of the destructive things governments do are unintentional or unintended.
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:28:54
And people said bitcoin is not backed by anything because no one's collecting tax in it....
Governments aren't the only extortionists.  Those people who celebrate taxes (which create a fiat demand floor), ought to be all for this.
@_date: 2015-08-15 17:48:37
You may not see value in forking the money (the protocol) but that doesn't mean there would never be value in it for some.
I agree that generally (and frequently) a hard fork will not be a value maximising event.
You misunderstand if you think I'm advocating for hard forks.  If anything, I'm extolling the virtue of a social and economic arrangement which makes hard forks less and less tenable and desirable with time.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:27:06
These "rich" were not rich a very short while ago.  They took the biggest risks of anyone and bootstrapped the price and the ecosystem; many of them lost big and are now poorer.  Some got rich.  They earned it.  
You can buy fractions of a bitcoin, you know.  Your risk taking on bitcoin now (in the hopes of getting massive returns) is, if anything, diminished from the risk that the (now rich) early adopters took.  Your rewards could still be massive.
If there is any market which least deserves the over-blown fear that the rich get richer, and everyone else gets hosed. . . it's bitcoin.
Never invest more than you can afford to lose.  Past performance does not indicate future results.
Those disclaimers said: I have yet to hear of a single person holding their bitcoin for at least a couple years (which is not much time at all) who lost value (for the vast majority of bitcoin's history, you only needed to hold at least 7 months to make a sizeable return).  It is so laughably easy for anyone (rich or poor) to grow their wealth with bitcoin, that it borders on insanity how skeptical or even hateful so many people are towards the idea of even just buying a modest amount and setting it aside.
/sorry for the rant
@_date: 2015-08-27 03:13:28
Right.  The *good enough* that get's adopted, ossifies, turns into and remains the standard (with innovation happening at the edges).  It will take more than just a new altcoin with faster/cheaper/more efficient transactions or mining to usurp the position of the good enough with the already massive network effect.  It will have to be something truly revolutionary (like Bitcoin is now to fiat money), to upend the status quo. . . that's not going to be another cryptocurrency as we recognize them now. . . it will be something else altogether.
@_date: 2015-08-02 04:30:43
Fair enough.
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:23:02
And with it comes Full Retard:
"You bitcoiners are all stupid because bitcoin is just tulips and is going to crash! Nevermind that my experience with it goes back a few months, while you fools have seen it boom and bust 5 or 6 times and come back stronger each time! You're all children because you meme about the price and that's all I see on so that must be all you guys care about".
That about sums up the wisdom that the masses bring in every time.
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:00:40
This really cannot be stressed (and upvoted) enough.  It is at the core of why I even stick around This whole blocksize/forking debate and hubbub are such a sideshow.  If anything, the animosity between rival factions is a healthy thing (unfortunately most people don't see it that way; instead favoring some warm fuzzy notion of community and camaraderie and consensus).
Nearly every bit of our focus should be on bootstrapping bitcoin (the ledger unit; the digital commodity) into a position as actualized money:  store of value, medium of exchange, and unit of account.  Scale and mainstream adoption are secondary, and as the article describes; most appropriately a result of organic adoption where the highest value lies: that always has been and will be (until the state no longer exists) the thwarting of centrally controlled money supply and all forms of capital control.
The silly vapid mass of bitcoin newcomers wants to distance themselves from the stigma of black markets and the anti-state nature of bitcoin; but all they have succeeded in doing is produce something of a contrived wave of merchant acceptance of the token (and only as proxy for the dollar/euro/yen).  Their understanding of bitcoin extends little further than some decentralized paypal; a tool with which to stick it to banks and credit card companies.  They assume that bitcoin is already money, or take for granted the implications that it is actually not yet.
Bitcoin must be (organically) valued for itself; for the utility of the unit, as share of a useful network, as the present discounted value of a commodity who's future value (as fully actualized, network good, money) will be much much higher.
All this other stuff is a sideshow.  The magic does not even begin to start until the bitcoin unit has a purchasing power all of its own which flows in transactional loops, outside the scope and sphere of fiat money.  Then Thier's law begins to come into effect and good money (bitcoin) begins to drive out bad.
 
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:11:09
I view technology and firms of this nature as completely legitimate. . .but the hope is that it is used in pursuit of real criminals (i.e. people who have actually stolen from or harmed others in some way).  
The real problem, as always is the power given to government to have a monopoly on law enforcement and restitution.  Their criminal courts get first dibs.  Restitution is an after-thought.  Their bureaucracies are just as subject to "greed" as any explicitly "for-profit" firm, and thus they inevitably prioritize the pursuing of their own ends; protecting the state or their department funding. . . pursuing victimless crimes and low-hanging fruit and making examples of people; rather than being subject to and incentivized by what justices the market most desires.  They are able to externalize the otherwise deterring costs of this behavior, upon taxpayers, who cannot take their business elsewhere.
I'd like to do better than the smug satisfaction of crafty mice who stay one step ahead of the cat.  Can we just kill the damned cat already?
@_date: 2015-08-27 05:51:24
You didn't need to say gold was used as money. . . it was, as a matter of irrefutable fact. . . and more widely so than any other commodity in history.  
And, yes, gold is (or was, until governments virtually destroyed its moneyness) a [market-based money](  No government or other central authority declared it money by fiat (at least not before people began using gold as money of their own accord).  You are probably confused by the fact that ancient governments did indeed create some of the first gold coinage, and declare specific values for the coins (largely based upon the value that the market had already given the substance due its use-value and emergence as money prior to the coinage).  Modern governments being able to push out the gold standard and destroy its monetary network effects and confiscate gold, is precisely *why* it is unlikely to win over bitcoin, since bitcoin has properties which **can** make it harder to control than physical gold.
So, given the nature of money and commodity monies; if you are smart; you can see that the fact that gold has indeed helped bring about bitcoin, is irrelevant in regard to its likely further use as money or currency. . .given the properties of gold which render it more easily disrupted by government than bitcoin, and its inferiority in exchange mechanics.
@_date: 2019-02-09 03:14:28
I didn't say that there was a lack of property rights with bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-02 04:25:19
You understand that LE almost always go after low-hanging fruit?  You hear stories like this article. . .but seem to think you can extrapolate from that what percentage of bitcoin holders who do something the state decides they don't like, get their bitcoins seized.  You do not see or hear of all the folks who LE never even go after because there's easier targets, or do not know about at all.
What is with this common tactic which all you buttcoiners or "skeptics" employ wherein you take a few hyperbolic comments by some young, over-exuberant bitcoiners, and project that onto everyone else? . . . when really, the sub isn't nearly so full of these things as it is full of you people whining about it being full of these things.
Very few here are claiming that anyone can likely defend their bitcoin against the full might of the state if focused upon them.  Cryptocurrencies are a double-edged sword with regard to securing them:  by default, they are more vulnerable perhaps than physical commodities; but with effort and knowledge, the tools are available to render your private keys or the funds accessed with those keys, safer from all manner of attacks and types of attackers.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:16:39
Glock 19... Are you a cop?
@_date: 2015-08-02 04:47:30
It'll be different this time!!!  You just have to get out the vote!! Bernie is one of us and promises to run a clean campaign!!!
We've never heard these promises before!!!  People have never voted for any kind of social justice before, ever in the history of the u.s.; therefore, vote for free shit, because: poor people!  If you don't, you hate poor people!!!
Can I register the above as a bet?
@_date: 2015-08-13 17:23:38
With a still-substantial block reward in play, it means that the network is over-secured; over-secured in terms of the number and value of transactions taking place.  
A decreasing block reward and greater reliance upon transaction fees for mining revenue, will signal fewer or smaller difficulty increases, perhaps even a small reversal in total hashrate.  
Either way, though, as long as these factors exist within a market (i.e. no government or external force is forcing higher difficulties or somehow manipulating the complex mining market) and as long as there is a relatively free (rationally priced) market for electricity; then there is no cause to worry about excessive electricity consumption, as the amount of electricity consumed will necessarily be meeting the most valued and preferred end of those who use it (directly and indirectly) and those who use it must pay for it commensurately and are thus incentivized to ration or conserve it to the degree necessary to sustain its future use.
@_date: 2015-08-02 04:01:40
I agree.  I find that we're able to make fun of ourselves better than the buttcoiners (and that pisses them off); but there's a few really smart skeptics like who actually make you think; and give you something worth responding to (when in a serious thread). . .if not to try to persuade the skeptic, then perhaps the lurkers who can see a smart argument, but can't form the opposing arguments for themselves (and that goes both ways).
You can't tell that he/she/they don't understand bitcoin.  They understand it technically very well, and are definitely up to speed with their trading knowledge.
@_date: 2015-08-24 03:38:58
User Cyril Blanc writes:


This.  And not understanding this is central to the confusion of rights and state.  I think many assume that we have rights because of government law. . . that civilized society is a creation of government and their legislation of law; rather than that as humans we intuitively and unavoidably demand and commit to certain property rights in order to minimize conflict, and then often (unfortunately) use centralized government as a means by which to enforce and protect those rights.
Nick Szabo replies:


Bitcoin is governed by, or it's law is, the rules of the protocol. . . but those rules exist as a function of the security, or the securing of the property rights we demand surrounding ownership of the ledger units and preservation of their value.  (or at least Satoshi's conception of what would be of value to others; and we voluntarily adopted that set of rules when we use Bitcoin and bitcoin).
I don't doubt that the law profession maybe tends to utilize economists more than economists tend to utilize lawyers. . . but there is nothing quite like the paradoxical nature of many economic concepts, which leaves most other thinkers quite a bit more ignorant on the subject than they think they are.  Legal and jurisprudential concepts are just legion, and tend to be learned and understood in straightforward, if monotonous ways.  As long as you have access to the tomes of law and case study, you can discover the knowledge or the concept.  The explanations of the concepts are there. . . in large part because there's so much precedent and/or the a judge made a ruling and explained their logic.  And that, in fact becomes the law, or the way in which it is to be interpreted.
But it takes a specifically trained mind to look at economic data and not interpret it in one of a million different, and incorrect ways.  There is no authority on the subject. And of course, there is no semblance of consensus among economists as to which is the correct way to interpret a given set of data.
@_date: 2015-08-03 03:00:39
And this is where the inflated M0 can start to turn into inflated M1.  
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:09:49


In the most basic terms: to upgrade or change properties or functionality of the network.  Cryptocurrencies are fundamentally an opt-in/opt-out system (as opposed to a democracy or some kind of autocracy)...that's the benefit and the curse of a decentralized governance mechanism: you can leave or change any time you want, but you can't force everyone else to leave with you or join your new blockchain or "fork" of the original chain.  You have to garner consensus and consent.


Forks are created all the time, actually, and most die away (or live) on their own merits.  Whether a fork garners support or "network effect" is an economic question (not technical); again, people have to consciously use your new protocol.
For an existential crisis, such as a weakness found in, say the SHA256 algorithm, you would likely see very quick and very thorough consensus form around an emergency hard fork (would probably come by way of a simple software update from the Core developers).  Very few people would stick with the old chain (the coins would quickly become worthless), and nearly everyone would start using the new chain (which preserves all balances and past transactions, but lacks the dangerous exploit of the core cryptographic functions)..the exchange price of the coins would certainly experience great turbulence, but would likely settle back to close to where they had been before the exploit was found. We know this is likely, because we've seen such a successful emergency hard-fork happen, with a problem not even as serious as the one I just outlined.
On the other hand: lets say that a bunch of bitcoin users want to make a change to the protocol which is something which doesn't fix an immediate or drastic problem, but which they believe is necessary in the long run...well, then you're going to get a lot of disagreement and politics and a very difficult time building consensus around your desired fork (e.g. here is obviously the recent Bitcoin Cash hard fork), and you're going to have a lot of people stay with the old chain, and a lot of people move to the new chain, and even more people use both.
The really interesting thing that we observe here is how subjective value is: we might think that a split like the latter would tend to result in two coins which would tend to settle back to a price which, combined, adds up to something close to the value of the original alone.  But this isn't always the case, because value had actually been being destroyed or locked up, before the fork happened and could finally be realised and expressed in exchange prices after the fork.
With money (or proto-monies, which is what cryptocurrencies are), network effect is almost everything. New features and fixes are great, but network goods ossify quickly (for what should be obvious reasons...so many independent parties and interests, the more the harder, are never going to come to agreements on trivial things, or even important things...only existential crises).  But there is even greater value in a stable backdrop, a standard, which is just good enough (think ipv4 vs. Ipv6 and why technically-inferior standards tend to stick around).
@_date: 2015-08-25 19:22:26
Nice piece.  The moral epiphany will indeed have to come later.  In much the same way that the younger generation now view the drug war or prohibitions of gay marriage, or even taxi medallions...it's popular now to see these as massive blunders (thus easy for the young generation to take a full, hind-sight moral accounting).
But the same antiquated thought processes which produced these destructive laws still hold sway on their uncritical minds, in many more areas (especially with economic freedoms, and the providing of public goods and infrastructure).  They are going to have to live through decades of hip, new, voluntary (they'll call it "crowd-sourced" or other euphemism which obscure the break from state control) ways of doing things better than what the monopoly state has done....of course, by then, they'll be the old stodgy crowd and so stubbornly hold to the extents to which their unprincipled thought patterns shaped their morality in their youth.....but their children, will see the undeniable results of the freedoms which agoristic tech like bitcoin has brought, and accept at least those things (now popular fixtures) as moral...and so on and so forth with each generation.
I wish that there was some easy anarchist evolution button which I could press...to see the amazing prosperity and achievements and quality of life which will come about because of technologically-induced freedom...but it will of course be a long slow process.  I can be grateful for the relative wealth and freedom which I've enjoyed, I'm relation to darker times of the past.  But I will admit that I will never get over the general stupidity and short-sightednesd of the common mind; the statist...if they only knew what kind of world they were preventing from coming about because of their silly, tribal tendencies; vestiges of their monkey-brains...which could be erased in easily a generation if everyone were to simply learn of and accept correct economics and political philisophy.
Tl;dr  I'm glad I've at least lived during the dawn of the Internet and bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:22:14
Your tripe is old.  We've been [calling your bullshit]( for at least 165 years.  I know it's all very confusing for you, but if you actually study economics, you'll understand how markets can and do provide the things that governments currently monopolize.  Either the state gets out of the way, or we make it irrelevant.  Monopolies suck.
Time to drop the antiquated social technology of nation states and tyranny by majority and move on with the rest of us. . . pssst! just in case you didn't notice, your use of bitcoin makes you part of a movement which is taking the monetary monopoly away from governments. . .whether that is your intent or not.  
Thank you for your cooperation.
@_date: 2015-08-27 23:03:02
So . . . kind of like for the world of cypherpunks?
@_date: 2015-08-24 17:46:27
Correct.  
Democracy is tyranny of the majority.  i.e. everyone forced to use the chain that the majority favors.  
The Bitcoin ecosystem is voluntary, market-based and meritocratic.  You can choose to use any chain (or altcoin) you wish, and some individuals or groups may find there is more value to them in that, than sticking with the chain that has the majority of users and/or mining power (and thus the token will tend towards a greater purchasing power).  
But even assuming nearly everyone will want to stay on the majority chain, what we are witnessing in the development space is very healthy:  there needs to be different (often opposing) camps of developers, with their own implementations, and a diversity of software being run out there by the nodes and miners.  It is a good thing for the protocol to ossify and for any changes/forks to necessarily be a slow painful process, and usurpations prevented by diversity and decentralization in the ecosystem. See [Gavin's recent comment](
A smart businessman or investor looking into the bitcoin space for the first time, should be reassured, if anything, by the "drama".
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:52:19
Right, but the point is that most peoples of the world have moved past accepting of wholesale plunder as cause to go to war, and as funding for the mercenaries...in the same way that we've moved past believing in the divine right of kings.
Governments must at least make their reasons for war appear more palatable, and must fund them in more roundabout ways (e.g. Inflation of the currency).
@_date: 2019-02-09 07:38:24


Of course. I didn't say that the state *gives* restitution; clearly I'm referring to the state prosecuting criminals and then compelling *them* to make restitution to their victims, whether directly or through insurances.


What does this have to do with what I saif?..are you just nitpicking on technicalities (which I didnt even get wrong) just for the sake of nitpicking? Or is there a point I'm missing here?


Again, what does this have to do with anything?
@_date: 2019-06-24 02:07:03
In absolute terms, maybe. In relative terms, probably not.
Nobody should be claiming to know for certain what's going to happen with bitcoin and the price...but jesus christ, how many of these (extremely similar) boom/bust cycles do we need to go through for people to at least stop treating each one like its novel, or in any way predicts bitcoin's demise, any more than the boom means it's going to succeed.  
It has been ridiculously easy to make a good long-term investment out of bitcoin by following the simple advice that we old-timers have been giving since day one: don't invest more than you can afford to lose, Hodl (or spend and replace), dollar cost average.  At a certain point, and if you understand the theory of why the price is behaving this way; the continuation or evolution of these cycles and the overall upward trajectory of the coin becomes as good of evidence as any, of what to expect moving forward.
@_date: 2015-08-19 16:14:12
Most bitcoiners are like most people: incontinent retards.
No long term vision for the value of the tech, and most importantly, no understanding of what money is, how it comes about on a market, how bitcoin can be bootstrapped into money, and what happens to other monies (ala Thier's law) if it does overcome the natural hurdles and government persecution towards becoming money.
Their understanding of it extends little beyond some decentralized paypal with which to stick it to the banks.  They fret about forks because they think development is some kind of democracy...where we must all follow the majority chain if the protocol forks.  They think it must be spent right now, rather than held...and that artificial waves of merchant acceptance must be induced.
Understand it the way crypto anarchists do, and you might not be so wishy-washy about it.
@_date: 2015-08-15 17:40:48
Good! Forking of the code (and developmer sentiments) is a healthy sign to what is actually the most centralized and vulnerable aspect of bitcoin: development.
I'm all for a series of block-size increases, personally.  But those of us who have been around for a while have long understood that bitcoin (like most network-effect protocols) will tend to ossify.  Only the most dire of circumstances is likely to produce a protocol hard-fork with significant consensus to one side.  And that is a good thing.  That's how the market produces standards...backdrops against which humans can conduct higher-level economic and social activity.
Bitcoin never needed to be perfect, or living and capable of encompassing all future needs and challenges and needs of every interest group.  It just needed to be good enough.  And it is.
This is not a democracy.  This is a meritocracy.  May seperate groups of developers ever be at odds with eachother and produce truly valuable updates.  May miners and node operators forever be skeptical and scrutinuzing of all changes to the protocol and leary of forking.
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:04:13
Don't get me wrong, I'm not knocking it.  Just trying to wrap my head around what it is.  Sounds interesting!  I look forward to reading.
@_date: 2015-08-19 17:38:05
I know, it's tough.  Understanding requires effort, study.
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:18:24


That statement is nonsensical. Speculation isn't value. People speculate on things they think will be more or less valuable in the future (valuable in exchange or directly to themselves).
The current speculation and volatility serve a purpose. The price is probably going to crash again fairly soon. That's okay. That's what bitcoin does and its part of how widespread, ubiquitous holding of the token is coordinated, so that bitcoin can act as money.
@_date: 2019-02-09 04:47:43
Right. That's more what I meant. No grand conspiracy against bitcoin by the courts or anything, it's just that (especially in the early days) they are too busy trying the usual drug crimes, money laundering, violent crimes, etc, that they are used to, and they are unwilling/unable to learn the technicals of the space and treat bitcoin as real property and bitcoin holders as legitimate property owners; to help them achieve restitution from thefts and hacks. Not to mention that the myriad of existing stupid laws surrounding taxes and money service businesses, puts so many bitcoiners into legal grey areas and makes them hesitant to pursue justice at all.
The state has a monopoly on enforcement of property rights...so where there are areas that they don't or won't adequately protect property rights...there can be no competition to turn to, and so it can appear that "the market" has failed.
@_date: 2019-06-17 19:32:33
Hey! We can *afford* them.
But meme is accurate because we won't spedn them.
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:49:00
Except governments will make that illegal.
@_date: 2015-08-24 23:15:37
Well said.  The whininess here and defeatist pessimism lately are so pathetic, yet so predictable.
I don't know why people insist on their short-term thinking and infantile understanding of bitcoin as simply some decentralized paypal....that is doomed...DOOMED!...because they can't see the value in the blocksize debate itself and the diversity it is prompting in the ecosystem.  They can't imagine how bitcoin will survive if it can't compete with Venmo or Visa.
If you do not understand how money comes about on a market from commodities, how long that can take, and what it means to bootstrap that process..and if you do not understand the primacy of holding coins now and adoption later, based on future moneyness; please get out of bitcoin, or at least go day-trade it, short it if you must, and at least turn a profit for yourself.  But stop the incessant whining and negativity! 
@_date: 2015-08-21 01:52:44
Been somewhat out of the loop today, and just got on Reddit and saw this comment.  Expertly said.
**ALL MY BITCOIN ARE BELONG TO YOU!!**
0.02394 BTC
@_date: 2015-07-25 03:12:08
(:  That I do.
@_date: 2015-08-24 19:07:21
Stoppit! Calling things by their proper name triggers some people.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:30:15
Sounds like something a cop would say....
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:44:12
Yup. This fact is also completely unappreciated in how much it has chilled adoption and use as a currency.
Very few people can afford (time-wise and money-wise) to track the basis of and market gains of their bitcoin, with every spend or transaction they make, across all the different wallets and services and addresses which are necessarily part of holding and using bitcoin.
Wild-west and un-regulated, my ass. Bitcoin is already subject to some very heavy-handed governmental treatment, and people need to stop and realize both how destructive this has probably been, and how amazing it is that bitcoin and other cryptos continue to grow in this environment (fortunately , most other governments haven't been as ham-handed as the U.S. and state governments).
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:41:32
103 unique private keys!
@_date: 2015-08-20 04:43:11
Do it.  Do it.
@_date: 2015-08-27 20:46:26


You know what kind of regulation tends to works best and avoids unintended consequences and the creation of more centralized power, which will then be used by those with money to screw the rest of us?   Competition!
Besides, you're not considering the opportunity costs.  You do not have the data to show whether the customers of Marriott (who probably do not like the wireless extortion game Marriott is playing, **all other things equal**) may just change their mind about dealing with the disadvantage, if Marriott did not seek and gain additional revenue from these tactics, and instead their prices would rise or some quality or value elsewhere in their product would suffer.  The only non-arbitrary way to test this is to allow the market to function, and allow Marriott and its customers to see alternatives (both in the available competition and their prices and quality sans-wireless skullduggery, and seeing what the Marriott product would become sans-wireless skullduggery).
When blunt competitive pressure alone has not satisfied the actors on a market, and specific, technical regulation and audit is needed; you know what system will best provide unbiased firms for that?  An open, competitive market for regulatory services!
Regulation is a service or product like any other.  Don't hand it over to a monopoly; and stop blaming the lack of market-based regulation on market mechanics which are not being allowed to function by the very existence of the monopoly, and its crowding out and prohibitions and moral hazards and cultural expectations it creates.
@_date: 2015-07-06 20:48:07
Governments from Texas to Italy need to get out of money altogether.  
We don't need them.  We have gold and silver and bitcoin (eventually, when it matures into a money).
Or are you surprised that your government schools taught you to believe that money and banking was unstable without the guiding hand of government?
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:22:19
Financial collapse? Possibly.
Resource depletion?  Not even close.  You've been fed collectivist non-sense.  "Resource depletion" has always been the cover they use for the surpluses and then shortages which their economic and political philosophy necessarily creates.  They are shortages of production, and at worst, only depletion of presently economically viable sources of the resource.
Besides, if we are existing in a low-energy state, then threats against the network are proportionately smaller to the total hash-rate.  So I'm not sure why this would even be a concern.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:52:39
Hey, don't get testi.
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:56:14


It doesn't need to ossify to survive. . . it just will, because that is the nature of these things, especially network effects.  The more people you have, the more silly (and destructive) it becomes to try to push changes upon those people and expect there to be agreement on what is most valuable and what is not worth forking over.
What, to you, is fundamentally different (or at least significantly different) about the bitcoin protocol, such that it wont go the way of other network-good-protocols and standards?
I do agree that there will probably be some kind of consensus reached regarding the current blocksize debate and a few changes still to be made. . . but what about the drawn-out laboring that has occurred over this minor issue, makes you think that; with an increasingly large user-base and higher capitalization on the line, that sufficient consensus can just as easily be reached in the future on similarly non-urgent issues?
@_date: 2015-07-02 05:32:54
'Murica. Fuck yeah!
No, just don't threaten and use gov't force against your neighbors who want to own guns.  
Most in your culture probably won't feel that they need a gun anyway and that's great.
The only smart gun control is gun control for government agents, and on that front you are to be commended as most of your police forces do not carry.  I can almost guarantee you that fact is as much of the cause of your relatively low gun crime as it is an effect.
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:10:44
Those are two separate statements....I'm not sure what your question is.
In the first statement,


I was referring to the experimental nature of trying to bootstrap bitcoin into money, where the token has so very little use-value (or at least very little obvious use-value relative to gold and other valued commodities which became monies on markets).  In other words, there is a sort of public goods problem inherent to producing a money in society, in that you are essentially asking the individuals in the economy to value, and thus demand to hold a certain commodity, to a greater (or at least different) extent than present incentives would otherwise prompt them to do....in the hope or expectation that, if everyone will do the same thing, society as a whole will then have this very ubiquitous commodity unit, which is extremely saleable and liquid, which can then be used to conduct indirect exchange (i.e. overcome the double coincidence of wants problem inherent to barter).  This is why there is obvious (short-run at least) utility in, and inevitability of governments getting involved in monetary systems and production of money and standardizations (such as gold coinage, instead if just bullion trade).  Centralized powers more quickly and easily produce public goods...markets (for what should now be obvious reasons) tend to take longer to produce public goods (yes, I know money is referred to as a network good, and I agree with that characterization....I'm just describing the initial development of money on a market and how it shares public-goods-like features.
In the second statement,
 &gt;...there's no question why it became the most used money on earth.  
I did not use the word "certainty", though I can be accused here of using somewhat inaccurate language...I should have at least qualified with: "there's no question **in my mind** why it became the most used money on earth."
And here I'm talking about both the qualities which tend to make for good money (e.g. fungibility, trasportability, homogeneity, durability, divisibility, etc) and also about the pre-money use-value of gold (such as its aesthetic qualities, valued for jewelry, or its incorruptibility and all the uses that entailed) which helped to bootstrap gold (i.e. give people incentive to demand to hold it fairly ubiquitously, in widespread and liquid fashion) such that (along with its relatively good monetary properties) it was something of a shoe-in to become money and a widely used one and for a long time.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:07:03
I don't disagree with you...in the micro.  And yet, here we are in bitcoin, trying to fork away from the dollar/euro/yen, at great risk and greater potential value.
Value is always subjective to the individual.
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:35:12
Yup.  And just like what bitcoin is going through now; gold would have to regain it's position as money.  It would take time.
It would have to be acquired and held much more widely and liquidly than it is now.  A money is necessarily the most saleable and ubiquitous good in an economy.  Gold is not that anymore. Granted, gold has a recent history of moneyness and a close culture (whereas bitcoin is starting from scratch), so we could expect it to quickly return to money status, if/when fiat constraints were removed.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:04:42
What is it that you people don't understand about the fact that, this speculative behavior is not only inevitable and unavoidable...but actually serves a purpose?
There is no other way for price discovery of a market-based proto-money to occur; there is no other way to distribute the token and overcome the coordination problems inherent in trying to get people to hold and use a money, which is not yet money until a lot of people hold and use it.
The speculation *has* to happen this way; its not a function of bitcoin's protocol or of the immaturity of bitcoin users. The developers didn't just forget to program stability in, you know? Its a function of economics.
The value of money is in its utility as a medium of *indirect exchange*...in other words, the value is in having a share of a vast network of trading partners. Money doesn't need to be edible or useful in industry or good for making fire...it just needs to be a token held by a lot of people, and be scarce, fungible, homogenous, verifiable, transportable, and durable; then it naturally becomes a valuable network good; a medium of indirect exchange, store of value, and unit of account.
The volatility is slowly-but-surely decreasing as the market cap and liquidity and range of uses increase.  It will continue to do this in an ugly, non-linear fashion, where bubbles and busts continue, as they have been, to be the number one force which broadens the user-base. 
While you all have just come in to this phenomenon in the last few months, and you come to impart your cynical wisdom to us *hapless* bitcoiners who just don't understand that this is all going to come crashing down...the rest of us have been here, buying and holding through 4 or 5 or 6 such cycles, exactly as is happening now (only this one is less volatile in terms of percentages than previous ones)...and we gleefully await picking up more cheap coins again, when this next correction comes.
You will not hear of us again for several years...all the while, smugly assuming you were right, and [bitcoin has died]( Then, out of the blue, bitcoin will be resurging to prices an order of magnitude higher than now.  
I cannot tell you how many times I've had people who were hyper-skeptical about bitcoin come back to me later and tell me how wrong they were.
@_date: 2015-07-04 01:48:12
You mean the exchange which ran a near monopoly because your governments enforced laws which precluded the emergence of adequate competition and innovation in the space?  You mean the exchange which had its accounts frozen or meddled in by still as yet unknown state agents and in unknown amounts and for dubious reasons?  You mean the exchange that failed, and thus the capital went elsewhere to more trustworthy stewards, instead of being kept alive (socializing losses and privatizing profits)?
@_date: 2015-08-21 23:37:58
[I got that reference?](
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:40:37
Yup. 
Ideas and information are wealth.  No reason to make them artificially scarce.
Money is a medium of indirect exchange which communicates important signals to the economy by fluctuating in purchasing power in relation to productivity against a constant backdrop: an assumption or expectation of a fixed amount of units.  If units are digital entries on a ledger...very good reason to make them artificially scarce.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:53:44
I thought you might be tongue-in-cheeking it. . .but it's so hard to tell now, because there are a majority now of younger bitcoiners who bring with them this stupid millennial zeitgeist of hating the rich, not understanding capitalism or markets.  They think that digging a ditch for money is somehow more worthy or societally beneficial than risk-assuming brokering, speculating, managing and administrating.  They do not understand value and think (at least implicitly) that it is tied to tangible things.
@_date: 2019-02-11 16:36:13
Money is a network good (in fact it is the ultimate network good), and almost by definition cannot exist without mass adoption, or rather, saturated adoption within some economy/network of trading partners.
The whole concept of money and value in money is that it coordinates people (without having a coercive authority dictate) into agreeance upon the opportunity cost of virtually every good and service available...given the high division of labor; that does not come without necessarily having the adoption of most-nearly everyone in that economy; because they produce those goods and services.
Bitcoin, nor any other cryptocurrency is not yet money, and does not even serve as a currency to a high degree. By traditional definitions, it is a poor store of value, an okay medium of exchange, and virtually not used as a unit of account at all.  "Mass adoption", or network effects, are precisely what is missing here.  Price *does* matter, and as much backlash and attrition as each bubble and bust creates...it also brings more adoption, on net; and the lottery-like mechanism that it induces in the market is exactly the kind of emergent solution which is necessary in order to coordinate the bitcoin token into actualized money (lotteries help overcome free-riding or public goods problems; in this case, incentivizing people to adopt or at least demand the token as pseudo-money, even though it does not yet serve as money...thus helping to coordinate past the catch-22 that is the reality of the collective action problem which faces a nascent market-money).
@_date: 2015-07-01 15:23:56
I'm so not sure.  I think that's kind of like saying that BitTorrent will benefit the big record labels more than the individual, independent artists.
Decentralization seems to give a comparative advantage to the smaller unit.
@_date: 2015-07-04 07:56:38
~~Education~~ schooling as [signaling]( rather than learning and skill development is a huge problem in our society, and especially for the millennial generation who are having to go into insane amounts of debt in order to get degrees which earn them a job at Home Depot.   
If bitcoin can enable open/free/dark markets and can help transition the world even a tiny bit towards more meritocracy, and apprenticeship and restructuring of our broken educational models; if it can promote unhampered competition (especially in education) and truly free trade; then it will have been a very valuable experiment, just for that reason.  These are all somewhat disjointed goals; but as always, the nexus is the state, and the belief in the necessity of the state at the center of society, and bitcoin truly does strike at the heart of that idea, and provide the basis for some practical alternatives to that model.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:33:38


Yes.  Lottery is a useful market mechanism for producing public goods.
However, while it may appear more altruistic and warm/fuzzy to be donating all winnings to the charity, you may find that there's a balance to be struck, and that net proceeds to the charities are optimized by giving the player the prospect of winning some of that money for themselves (i.e. incentive to play in the first place or to risk more than they would have otherwise, had there been no chance of gain for them).
Remember, perfectly "pure" intentions don't matter much to a person going without.  A great deal of good has been accomplished in this world of scarcity via ulterior motives.
@_date: 2015-08-27 14:15:04
You just need a hug, don't you?
@_date: 2015-08-31 23:05:48
Not to mention that when we talk of block-size increases (or any kind of changes to the protocol) we are talking about doing things which are affected by and will affect the bitcoin economy, which is a complex system.
Complex systems are not planned or controlled systems (attempting to do so can only cause unintended consequences).  This is not like a couple saving for retirement or a corporation forging a new production model to achieve specific results.
This is an economy of individuals who all have different goals and values.  There is no "greater good", nor any change to the protocol which wont favor some people's goals over other's.
But most importantly: this is not a democracy and the developers are not some form of government to appeal to; nor can we or developers know of (long before hand) what the needs of the ecosystem will be in the future.  None of us can know that we are better suited and informed now (to try to preempt what some view as problems).  We are just as likely to have better means whereby to handle problems when they actually become problems, than we are months or years in advance.
@_date: 2015-07-04 01:43:46
Statists.  The same people who yell at you to pay your "fair share" for "civilized society" or at least the small boxed-in conception of goods and services which they have come to accept as the definition of civilized society.
Now, there is no pity to be given to these people. . . only tell them to be responsible adults and accept what the social contract demands of them.
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:29:54
Oh noes!  The old "government funding produced X, therefore without government we could never have X" argument.  
You're probably right.  Just so long as you admit that without the lowly, inadequate private sector, governments could never possibly have electricity, electric lighting, steam or internal combustion engines, airplanes (and thus no jets for their war machines), etc. etc.
I mean; it's not as if all these technologies, like the internet and TOR were technologies who's time had largely come and were highly likely to be produced in whatever sector was getting the funding and thus the human talent.  It's not like there were a myriad of other computer network protocols during the time of the Arpanet development which were vying for the position of prominence.  [It's not as if R&amp;D funding (being stolen from the private sector through taxes) and funneled into government projects might possibly crowd out innovation in other sectors](    /s
You statists really are like broken records with your arguments.  Automatons with your heads in a box.  Absolutely no grasp of the big picture.  Cannot see the forest for the trees, or think in abstract or nuanced ways.    You haven't the slightest what you're even arguing against.
@_date: 2015-08-27 03:59:14
Market-based monies like gold benefit (maybe require) a certain level of use-value or utility outside of monetary utility (i.e. pretty as jewelry, used in industry), in order to get the commodity itself into wide enough circulation and ubiquity, such that it becomes the most saleable good: money.  Gold certainly had that in spades, and there's no question why it became the most used money on earth.  
But. . .once a commodity's primary use value is monetary (medium of exchange, store of value, unit of account) and a large portion of demand for the commodity comes from the demand to hold this money as money. . .the non-monetary uses are then, if anything, disadvantaged and thus wealth is diverted away from otherwise more valuable ends.
But, if your money commodity can be something which has relatively little use-value outside of use as money (i.e. close to a pure ledger like bitcoin), then the money unit is not held back by physical constraints, and all the physically useful commodities, like gold or silver, are freed up for other ends.  This of course means that, with a nearly pure ledger token like bitcoin, you have a larger value gap to bridge, between its initial use-value, and its much larger monetary value.  In one sense, this would cause us to expect bitcoin to take longer than gold to develop into a full, unit-of-account money (or maybe be impossible), but on the other hand, the bitcoin token is inseparable from the massive utility of the Bitcoin network as a whole (and each satoshi being a share of that) and from the speed and ease which the internet and IT infrastructure bring to bear on the propagation of it as the most saleable, ubiquitous good.
If bitcoin becomes money, and as long as bitcoin can remain scarce, and the integrity of the network maintained: there are few, if any advantages of gold (or any other physical commodity money) over it, in use as money.
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:34:39
At current exchange rates, that's about a half a percent additional revenue, above the block reward, to the miners.
May seem insignificant, but most the miners run such insanely tight margins, that an extended period of this could affect their selloff of coin (presumably) acting like $5K less supply on exchanges.  During an uptrend, where they are already able to hold a little more coin, that may be enough to spark the next cycle.
I say, stress test away!  It's not just the stress testers but everyone else paying higher transaction fees in response, that will really make the difference.
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:40:32
I do know what you mean and I'm not trying to just give you a hard time for a colloquialism; but I think that phrase needs to stop being used, because literally everything is being driven by speculation...
More importantly, for something that is a currency/money or becoming a currency (I.e. a medium of **indirect** exchange), you want speculation on its exchange value to be driving the exchange price.
You also need the volatility (which acts as almost a lottery mechanism coordinating a public good) to draw in speculators from corners they would not normally come from (including merchants, suppliers, consumers, employees, etc) so that the token is held widely and ubiquitously enough, that its network good (monetary) properties are actuated and transaction loops develop.  Virtually no one is, or can be expected to value the bitcoin token for itself right now (as it has very little utility outside of a vast network of people who use it in indirect exchange), and so the only rational thing for people to do at this point is to speculate (which includes hodling).
Bitcoin is not yet money. Money must be far more stable, but price stability is not going to come by way of some group-think or discipline that we try to enforce on ourselves.  Stability comes with market size and depth; until such time that goods and services can start to be denominated in BTC, which also produces a large stabilizing feedback of psychological expectations.
@_date: 2015-07-24 19:04:19


"As needed"?  You mean: "as politically expedient" and, in fact, quite arbitrarily.  Only a market for money can provide the most objective signals for demand to hold money.  Markets have several mechanisms for expanding and contracting money supplies.  Central banks have near-meaningless aggregates and fundamental misunderstandings of the limitations of observed economic data.


Because you don't understand markets and emergent phenomena and the function of prices, and the unplannable nature nature of spontaneous order.
To understand what I'm saying, you need to reexamine what you've been taught...about a lot of things, and drop the smug surety which you seem to have in the mainstream of a science (economics) which has possibly the least degree of consensus of all branches of thought.
But you won't do that.  So you will continue to percieve the opposing viewpoint as hairbrained and extreme.
Something sounding "extreme" is not a valid argument against it.  Us extremists keep sitting back watching extreme (according to mainstream understanding of econ) things unfold all over the world and our theories validated even empirically to some extent, and wonder if skeptics like you will ever see reason and understand the primacy of sound theoris we rely upon.
The only form of evidence I've seen you present for your argument (that bitcoin taking over is silly) amounts to a status quo bias.  You have not presented any logically-sound evidence that the fiat-based economies of today are destined to continue (and not crash as history has shown them do over and over), and more importantly, that these systems are better than the alternative (i.e. what's the opportunity cost of not allowing a market-based monetary system). 
I don't claim to know (nor does any sound economic theory or model allow me to predict) whether bitcoin will take over as some kind of world reserve currency, or crash and burn next week.
But we do have a priori true economic laws and logically derivable theory, which allow us to understand that nation states and central banks are engaging in destructive behavior....that they have been able to do so for an arbitrarily long period of time (longer than the average life-span, which probably augments the status-quo bias that you and others suffer from), is no more meaningful than to state that markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.  It doesn't prove that their system is sound, anymore than it may be true that the advancement and pace of human ingenuity, technology, and wealth production has enabled us to maintain a certain standard of living **despite** the wealth destroying and societally-rotting effects of their central planning.
There are innumerable (and mostly unmeasurable) factors and forces in play in the economy.  Neither you, nor I, nor any economist at the fed can isolate these variables, let alone control for them.  But we do know that their policies are a wealth-destroying and business-cycle-inducing force, ceteris paribus.  Thus we know that observed wealth and monetary stability could be better, all other things equal.  We also understand that these policies produce feedback effects, creating a response of more of the thing that caused the ills in the first place.
 
Thus we understand the likelihood of collapse of their system is greater than the likelihood of stability in perpetuity.
We understand bitcoin to have properties which render it more difficult to control or ban or confiscate than prior market monies (such as gold); we understand that without an enforceable peg, good money drives out bad (see: gresham's law and it's inverse).  Thus we understand that, no other money or proto-money commodity has higher likelihood of serving as a refuge from and hedge against fiat failure, than bitcoin.
If you want to really understand the theories and a priori true economic logic which leads us to these conclusions...it's going to take a lot more than watching a few youtube videos (which you already signaled you are unwilling to do).
In the meantime, we're happy enough to be thought of as crazy and extreme, and watch as our thought processes are validated, and bitcoin keeps blowing right past every episode of ignorant, mainstream educated, small-minded, control freak, Chicken-Littles screaming that bitcoin is doomed because of: stigma, drug markets, volatility, regulations, bans, mining centralization, etc. Etc. Etc.  As we expected it to do.
@_date: 2019-04-08 19:19:27
It's not your job or my job to discriminate.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:29:13
Your options are mostly illegal, or at least highly grey-area methods, and force you into questionable situations, such as:  in-person cash trades on LocalBitcoins or Myceliums OTC market.
Or, if you can overcome the enormous challenges to doing so at a young age; start business and accept bitcoin.  I'll be your first customer.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:28:56
Because in terms of being a payment rail, and the qualities that the mindless masses are looking for in a payment system; Bitcoin can be and will be outdone by centralized services (which will be faster and handle volume better and have all the protections and security and bells and whistles turnkey...and bitcoin is lighting the fire for its own competition in this regard).   This is what is so silly about the new crop of bitcoin users: they see it only as a payment network (a decentralized paypal; something to be molded by an elected team of core developers to cater to whatever the masses want).  They know nothing of money, how it is created on a market, and the massive implications of the monetary unit being outside the purview and control of the state.
Obviously, in a world perceived as totalitarian, people would find far more value in bitcoin; through which they can more easily escape capital controls, seignorage, etc.  But unfortunately, people dont percieve the world as it is and are more content with the status quo.  And you know that I think very similarly to you in terms of economics and politics....but I do disagree with the idea (maybe you don't espouse it, but most market anarchists seem to) that profound financial collapse within the next 5 or 10 years is inevitable.  I think people underestimate how massively productive and technologically and entrepreneurially nimble the world is, and how that may have changed somewhat the depth with which we experience depressions (i.e. governments still make all the wrong moves...but the average person's standard of living is able to weather the consequences at a more acceptable level than before).
In any case, markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.  So don't plan on societal collapse in our lifetime forcing everyone into decentralized solutions....simply because the centralized ones have gotten so bad.  Also, Bitcoin will remain volatile until it becomes money (or to the extent that it approaches the network effect and saleability and liquidity of a unit-of-account), or until speculators lose interest in it every going full moon.  The volatility is of course a good thing and can be mitigated for the risk averse payment rail consumer...but the perception of it keeps consumers wary, and is an additional expense (risk management) which bitcoin payment providers bear, if the price is not generally in an upward trend (and of course if it stays in a generally upward trend, then it is going to become a money, as per my point).
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:13:35
What *are* a proto-money's fundamentals, exactly?
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:12:49
I agree that this debate is exhibiting a fairly healthy ecosystem of checks and balances.
However, I would be careful in comparing it to a kind of living democratic system.
Network goods (and protocols) must ossify.  That is essentially their function; that at a certain point, they become a societal fixture, which can be relied upon; a stable backdrop to a world of innovation and change.  
A living system, whether dictated or by democratic means, has its uses and advantages....but not for highly widespread network goods, like money, property conventions, information networks, and standards.  These become a love-it-or-leave-it proposition.
Look, I have my pet-changes to the protocol too (a lot of us always hoped for protocol-level anonymity).  But it's increasingly apparent that the time has passed for sweeping changes or additions, and may have even passed for what I consider the somewhat more frivolous blocksize problem (it is a problem, just not as big a one as the screaming Chicken Littles like to make it out to be).
We'd all better get used to Bitcoin pretty close to what it us now.  The next major change will be a whole different system, as revolutionary to bitcoin as bitcoin is to current legacy systems...with a new set of young people trying to explain to us the massive implications of this new thing, that we just can't see (-;
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:45:51


Except that now you have a network at capacity again, but now *higher* capacity, which means that it has greater utility and which means that **more people are using it**, which is the entire fucking point of creating a market-based decentrally-managed money in the first place...and which network effects **must** be garnered in order to develop the bitcoin token into a fully-actualized money and alleviate the price-volatility.
It also means that there will be many more people wanting/needing to run a node and/or mine, above and beyond the small marginal disutility of the increased cost of running a node hosting bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:55:57
Haha...You really are this dumb, aren't you?


..And in other news: people stop buying, well, anything, and its price crashes once and for all.


I know you think that you understand what's going on around you, but you don't. Go educate yourself on what network externalities are, and why a highly fungible, divisible, scarce, transportable, homogenous, durable, and verifiable token, is different from land or tulips, or your autism meds.
@_date: 2015-07-04 07:27:44
You people really are so confused.  It's called corporatism; fascism.  Banks and most industry are merely arms of the government, or at least their form and existence have nothing to do with market forces absent the state.
Or do you believe that the federal reserve is private in any meaningful definition of the word?  I'll bet you believe that "private" for-profit prisons are some libertarian dream come true.  Also, I hate to ruin your childhood, but the Patriot Act was not very patriotic.  
Do you think that the monetary policies of the ECB and the ensuing spending and debts of euro nations have anything to do with actual free markets in anything?  Do you think that these haircuts have anything to do with voluntary, [legitimate contracts between the banks and their customers](  Do you think that such things could be upheld and enforced in a private, voluntary, contractual society?  Do you really think this can even work out now, without the greek government being complicit with capital controls?  Do you really believe that any of this mess happens without governments and their central banks manipulating interest rates and inflating currencies and creating the business cycles?
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:17:26
It's truly disgusting that there are people, even here in who feel that; not only does the government have no duty to make this fellow whole (from raiding the poor guy and putting him in solitary confinement), but they think the charges should have stuck....that there should be this monopoly on governance in society which creates these terrible, backwards laws almost on whims, and enforces those laws arbitrarily at best, and with prejudice at worst.
To those people: I will see bitcoin and other agoristic technologies destroy your whole world.  By using bitcoin, you are contributing to the demise of state power.  I thank you for your cooperation.
@_date: 2015-08-26 04:23:43
Right.  I've been popping a lot of corn during this whole debate; not because I don't care, or don't have an opinion (I see merit to both arguments)...but because I couldn't be happier, or more excited about the (much needed) diversity this is creating in what was previously the most centralized aspect of bitcoin: development.
This kind of concensus is supposed to be hard, even messy.  That's healthy.  [Gavin says it very well](
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:24:01
At its core, it is an economic school of thought based on the assumption that markets don't clear (ala Say's law ).
This underpins theories regarding the necessity of governments and central banks to implement counter-cyclical monetary and fiscal policy.
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:11:37
I think what we're glimpsing is the nature of how emergent orders in complex systems work (i.e. markets), rather than specific genius on the part of Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:13:17
Please give science a chance.  Not just loosely correlated data.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:58:00
 Gold has relatively higher use-value (consumptive and productive uses) than bitcoin, so there is arguably more of a backstop for its exchange price.
But this is only a benefit to the proto-money commodity...money, in its ideal form is just a ledger, and once established as the most saleable medium of indirect exchange, a commodity is in fact disadvantaged by other consumptive uses.  Historically, commodities like gold and silver needed their non-monetary utility in order to help bootstrap them into moneyness (i.e. creating a money is a public goods problem).
Bitcoin has a higher value chasm to cross, but holds better potential monetary properties than gold, if it can make the jump.
Attaining unit-of-account monetary status is everything.  The Mengerians believe that it is fundamentally impossible for bitcoin (in part because they fail to recognize some of its non-monetary use value), rather than harder only by degree.
As a payment system alone (proxy for other monies) bitcoin will likely fail.  Gold is not (widely) money anymore and thus it's exchange value fluctuates much more heavily than when it was used widely as money.
The battle is in getting enough forward-looking entrepreneurs and speculators to understand the importance of this and the much higher future utility and value of bitcoin as money, and demand to hold up.
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:58:52
Sorry if it came across that way. . . It wasn't meant as an attack on you personally, especially given your leanings.  
But I'm a little confused, then, as to how you can question why a minor has such difficulty (in the U.S. I presume) obtaining bitcoin. . . I mean, money service businesses like Coinbase are under such vague, yet strict requirements to make sure that nothing which  the government deems even slightly questionable, slips through their dragnet.  I'm sorry, but I so often see tirades against the likes of Coinbase for how they act, and out of one side of their mouth, the statists attribute this type of behavior to "free markets" and greed. . . and then out of the other side of their mouth, you'll find them claiming that, left unregulated, companies like Coinbase would prey upon unsuspecting minors such as yourself and sell you whatever you want. . . because: greed.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:24:41
Sure they created value! Let me explain just one of the ways:  risk taking
If you think that bitcoin is volatile and risky now...you should have experienced it back then.  A miner had so very little reason to expect that this obscure, geeky project was going to go anywhere, and certainly wasn't likely to intellectually reward them for spending a good deal of time and allocating their computing equipment and using their electricity (everything has opportunity costs); let alone remunerate them monetarily.
See, bootstrapping a network good, like a foundational protocol or a money, is subject to coordination problems: free-riding and lack of assurance can cause the thing to be under-produced. That's part of the genius of the lottery-like nature of the block-reward system and the price volatility which comes with the heavy speculation on this proto-money we call bitcoin. The (often ideologically-driven) risk-taking of early bitcoiners, node-operators and miners, combined with the lottery-like incentives of the system; produce rewards fairly commensurate with the risks taken (e.g. that everyone will free ride and/or not adopt and demand the token), so that it is just adequately-enough produced (I.e. the securing of the network takes place and the token achieves a liquid and ever-more-stabilizing exchange value, until such point as the token can begin to serve as a unit of account and better store of value, in addition to being a medium of exchange).
All of us from the early days have had to deal with years of scorn and deaf ears, in addition to the time and money and resources that we've spent, and risks taken, to build bitcoin businesses or services, invest in and hold the currency through all the wild swings, mine it ...things have gotten a lot easier and more user friendly for new entrants in almost all aspects (I'll exclude mining from being "easier" as startup costs are extremely high here).
Edit: Tl;dr  bitcoin has value (mostly future value, hence the predominance of speculative activities over consumer spending) because the "good" is not the singular token, but the network effect of bitcoin users...people with whom to transact: a medium of indirect exchange: money, and more particularly, stateless or market-based money.
@_date: 2016-02-10 20:14:41
Right,it kind of has to be explored; what are the origins of all the additional transactions? If it's not additional new demand (new users buying or old users buying more), it's some kind of increase in velocity. Maybe inter-exchange transfers for arbitrage have gotten a boost from blockstream's technology, maybe there's been a steady increase in vendors who accept bitcoin and patronizing of those vendors by holders (I guess we can cross-reference with days destroyed to see if it's primarily an increased velocity in previously dormant coins).
@_date: 2016-02-10 20:24:08
I agree, but if it is even a fraction caused by new demand...
It is possible that there are factors holding back the price (i.e. institutional reasons for the courseness of the relationship between price and velocity), and if enough demand breaks through that dam of sorts, then you see price catch up.
All just interesting speculation to me anyhow.
@_date: 2019-04-09 07:50:04
You realize that some of the smartest people in the world in any field of study, often misunderstand and erroneously pontificate on phenomena best explained by economists?
This is what those "smartest cryptographers" are doing.  They are mistaking their technical knowledge for understanding of the often counter-intuitive outcomes when it comes to human valuations. . . and while novel tech (or Satoshi's novel combinations of existing tech) are what enable POW blockchains as we know them, it is really economic incentives which are the most cleverly aligned and which create the ability to have a decentralized, peer-to-peer digital money.
And no, most people absolutely do not grasp what I explained about network effects, or the nuances, nor do they understand money.  Most of the Core devs who I've chatted with or read their writings, do not get it either.  If you think what I wrote is obvious, you're either one of the few, or you're not really getting it; you're making a superficial reading into it.
There are many other very smart cryptographers who agree with my stance, and so appealing the your set of "smartest cryptographers" is really neither here nor there, anyways.
I understand the technical arguments well enough.  I understand the economic arguments far better than most.  "Smart cryptographers" are missing out on the nuances and they are making fatal mistakes for the blockchain and community that they exercise so much influence and control over.


I've already explained why you cannot assume this and why the economics of enabling more on-chain transactions means more decentralization of peers and miners on net. . .even though larger blocks increase centralization pressure, cet par.
@_date: 2019-04-08 00:43:30
I love Carl Sagan, and he's brilliant in his field like Stephen Hawking was...but intellectuals need to stop pontificating on what are political and economic matters which they are not trained in.
They are making classic lay-person mistakes.
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:42:20
You're exactly right and you've hit on the very nature of why so many people religiously worship central command and control and fear a libertarian outlook to society.  It hurts a lot of peoples' brains to not have an explicit plan for society or *X* system set in front of them or as they perceive it.  They do not understand that complex systems are fundamentally different than individuals or small groups or rigid systems:  planning and foresight are wisdom with the latter. . . with the former, only the illusion of planning and control; and any attempts to force a central plan are usually counter-productive.
Furthermore, with rapidly evolving systems and technology supporting them; we are more likely to have a better technical/technological solution, at the time the problem reaches a head, rather than years or months before hand (not to mention better incentives and clarity).
@_date: 2015-07-25 03:40:59
I can appreciate the tenacity and essence of your outlook.  Can you explain further what you have in mind in terms of the memo system and social network incorporation, or do you have a link to any reading?
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:40:22
Snoop will be just fine.  It's everybody else who needs to be introduced to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-26 19:36:07
Now define "intrinsic value" and how "expectations of resale" are supposed to be predicted or consensus reached on.
I don't disagree that the events unfolding are likely to result in a price crash soon, but In the end, all we have are markets and prices with which to best determine value and expectation of resale (and no p/e as with stocks...Which of course get to reference prices as well). As such, "bubble" is a nearly useless term in the Bitcoin context. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 05:22:41
@_date: 2016-02-08 03:20:31
That's probably very true for people who see it as a payment network.  Not so much for those of us focused on bootstrapping BTC into a unit of account money.
I don't much care if people still use banking services, paypal, applepay, coinbase...whatever.  I am more interested in what money unit these services (and the bitcoin or even LN) are transmitting.  
I've always said that 3rd party and centralized services are going to be able to beat out the bitcoin network (all other things equal) in terms of payment costs, ease of use and speed.  And that those who see Bitcoin as some kind of decentralized paypal, or a way to stick it to the banks, are going to be sorely dissapointed, as bitcoin itself helps light the very fire under the payments industry which will be bitcoin's undoing as a hip way to buy coffee in the morning.
@_date: 2019-04-13 20:56:14
Not if you still have to be tracking your basis on the bits you used to buy that lunch and report profit/loss against fiat, and then add forms to your tax filing at the end of the year....unless that goes away, virtually nobody will be using crypto to pay for lunch.
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:59:00
You are ruled by a few, right now, and it is not a deviation from democracy or an outlier...democracy is precisely what we have observed it become: a welcome mat for corporate control.
Lifeprotip: stop worshipping the legitimacy of a violent monopoly.  The nagging cognitive dissonance will go away.
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:41:46
You want to know the reason?  Because almost no matter where you live on earth, you live under the control of a nanny state and the scared, infantile populace which enables and empowers that state.
If you were educated by your government's school system you probably don't understand anything much beyond first order cause&gt;effect, so the following may come as a shock to you:
If you believe it is a good idea for a government to have monopoly power over money/legal tender, regulatory services, defense/police/fire, law-making, judicial/arbitration services, and generally the authority and power to tax the people for these uses and any other seemingly political expedient project or program. . . .then you have created and enabled the society and the complex set of rules and incentives which end up in it being nearly impossible for a minor such as yourself to have any kind of financial freedom, impetus to save or build or innovate, or experiment.  
And your unfortunate situation is, of course, the most benign of the effects from this state-worshiping mindset which prevails.
@_date: 2019-04-08 04:46:14
Ah, another non-economist who *knows* truths about economics that people who study it their whole lives don't know...
@_date: 2016-02-25 03:35:49
Sure, but I tend to not borrow food...
@_date: 2019-04-09 08:13:53
Yes. In fact, let's.
Their usage increases the utility of the network, and they will pay fees commensurate to the size of their transactions.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:44:50


In certain places at certain times, some people definitely will (as we are seeing right now with Argentina, Venezuela, Greece, etc.).  This is not a priority of the average person, until they are in trouble and I simply don't see the wisdom in planning on having such a huge portion of the world in simultaneous financial panic, that this provides the necessary impetus to migrate to bitcoin en masse.


Bitcoin got off the ground (and continues to chug along) because of people like me (and I assume you?) who understand the difference between a currency and a money; and the far greater potential value and utility of the bitcoin unit as money, rather than just proxy currency on an immutable public ledger.  Valuing the unit for itself (as a share of a useful network) and demand to hold are everything.


These things give the network its value and each bitcoin unit is a finite share of that valuable network; thus the unit has exchange value.


I believe this.  At least I believe that the usefulness of the bitcoin network and payment rail will be valuable, long enough to propel the unit into money status. . . but it's not a foregone conclusion is all I'm really saying.  More people need to be thinking longer-term about this; rather than just seeing bitcoin as something which will always be what it is now (a payment network).  They need to understand what money is, and that bitcoin is not yet money. . .but if we can bootstrap it to that position; it will make the best money the world has ever seen, and have fundamentally different effects upon the world economy and the power of the state than what it does right now.


Only if the statist systems of the world implode and thus the centralized payment products fail to out-compete bitcoin. I think it is naive to think that people value and will respond to their subconscious or intuition about the supremacy of bitcoin over centralized services. . . when something shiny and new and turnkey and fast and secure is put in front of them by Apple or Google or Paypal or the bank of england along with all the hidden/deferred/socialized/subsidized costs that come along with those systems.  I agree that slowly, surely; society is generally decentralizing power and there's certainly a healthy zeitgeist for it at the moment.  But that's not what, in the mid-term is going to drive demand for products.  The world is going to continue like it is now for a good long while: statist, centralized, ignorant, high time-preference.  I think there is something of a race on to ride the wave of novelty and excitement over bitcoin right now, and to take advantage of the lead that it has over centralized services as a payment rail. 


I intended to get into sidechains and lightning in my original comment, but forgot.  This is where I agree with your outlook and optimism and I believe that this is the avenue that will allow bitcoin to maintain its competitive lead over purely centralized services in terms of value as a payment network. . . while still increasing demand to hold the BTC unit (which is the most important thing).


The bitcoin blockchain as it is now, is all but ossified; and that's to be expected and is probably a good thing (markets have need for extremely simple, elegant, reliable, immovable standards;  i.e. why ipv4 still reigns supreme instead of ipv6).  And as the protocol exists right now; and with much higher demand and volume; it is not usable as much more than a settlement layer.  We will need off-chain solutions and lightning network and micropayment channels and sidechains, in order to facilitate a much larger (and necessarily larger) scale of use as currency and money and payment network.
@_date: 2016-02-10 16:46:45
Yup. Like most of the economic phenomena that get railed-against by the rather petulant and short-sighted masses, speculation and the volatility which brings the speculation, are expressions of a kind of emergent wisdom.
In this case, we're trying to bootstrap an entirely new money (and the task of bringing about a new monetary unit into circulation widely is subject to some classic market failures or difficulties).  It's unfortunate that most people don't think about it deeply (or even consider bitcoin anything other than a payment network), and deride the speculative activity as glorified gambling, or as being the cause of the volatility.  As if a lottery is not exactly what is needed to overcome the public goods or free-riding and risk problems inherent to this process.
The ingeniousness of Satoshi was to make the mining process a lottery, and the ingeniousness of the invisible hand of the market here is to use the low probability of very high reward to get people to hold and transact in a money that is not yet a money (i.e. produce or bootstrap the network effects).
@_date: 2019-04-03 20:17:37
You could probably consider yourself Gen-X... Just sayin'....if you had any pride.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:32:20
@_date: 2016-02-08 02:37:55
Bitcoin can't melt steel beams.
@_date: 2015-07-24 20:44:42


This is where I agree with you, and this has far reaching implications, which should in fact help you to understand why some of us crazies are very optimistic about bitcoin becoming a sort of world reserve currency: 
bitcoin is not (yet) money. It does not serve as unit of account for most of the pool of goods and services which can be purchased with it.  The unit of account status is, I believe, the most important aspect of a commoditie's moneyness.  Bitcoin does serve to a high degree as medium of exchange, and to a somewhat lesser degree as store of value.
For me, and many others; this whole experiment has always been about bootstrapping bitcoin into money (not just currency and certainly not just as some kind of payment network with which to compete with paypal, and stick it to banks).
Until such time (and probably for some time afterwards) that bitcoin is fulfilling the role of money to a high degree; I certainly do not expect it to fulfill any of these grandiose anarcho-libertarian dreams...and certainly not take over as world reserve currency in its present economic usage and technical form.
For more on the enormous challenge of producing a new money on a market (i.e. without govt fiat and backing), please see a [recent comment of mine.]( and take a look at the context also above in that thread.
One thing is for certain; bitcoin (the ledger unit) possesses far better monetary properties than any commodity before it (e.g. divisibility, scarcity, transportability, fungibility, etc.).  So, for the same reasons you see cigarettes become intra-prison money rather than shanks or tater-tots: we expect the high potential value of bitcoin as money (rather than just commodity) to produce a strong bootstrapping force, which is augmented by its inherent utility, towards becoming a money.  We can think of the creation of a new money in terms of a public goods problem (markets tend to "underproduce" public goods, according to to the Samuelsonian parameters; whereas govts tend to over-produce and also create unintended consequences by their means, i.e. force).  A monetary system is highly non-rivalrous in that it is not diminished by use on the margin (in fact it is the ultimate network good, gaining more utility with each marginal user.  The benefits of a money or monetary system are a positive externality and also highly non-excludable: as to do so would immediately  ruin the utility and value of the system as a whole and the marginal unit.
Viewed this way as I have laid out (and as a proto-money commodity and not just a payment network), and given the time and difficulty which historical commodities on the market (such as gold) have taken to evolve into a money....perhaps you can glimpse just one of the reasons why a lot of us libertarian-leaning bitcoin fanatics are both: patient with the progress of the protocol and with bitcoin's economic effects upon the incumbent monetary systems: and also highly optimistic about its potential if moneyness is achieved.
@_date: 2015-07-04 07:38:52


Sounds like *some* market discipline entered the equation.  But as you point out with okpay, the world was not yet a perfect place (nor is it still, nor could it ever be, even under the most proactive, enlightened regulatory regime).  
Free markets certainly don't produce perfection and all systems (both governmental or market) require time and hard experience and failures in order to develop the heuristics to know what needs to be regulated and how (or do you think that government bureaucrats just entered the scene one day with all necessary wisdom and knowledge, developed at a tier 1 research facility at a public university, and instituted the very controls we have today in their ideal form?).  But what you had during the Mt. Gox era was light-years from a free market or what would have/could have been.  There was capital waiting to enter the industry, but regulatory uncertainty alone, not to mention the FinCen rulings, were enough to stifle that all-important competition for quite some time.


I think you're thinking I'm referring to something else as stewards.  The stewards I'm talking about here are more along the lines of the Coinbases and Bitfinexs of the world.  Far from perfect; but certainly worlds more trustworthy than Gox.
@_date: 2015-07-27 06:45:15
C'mon now.  That's not a fair comparison. Toilet paper isn't as liquid as bitcoin.
...something something liquid assets...it fell apart as I typed it.
^I'll ^go ^now.
@_date: 2012-10-26 00:57:56
hmmm. . . 
says it's down too.
@_date: 2019-04-09 07:09:28
I don't know why this is so hard for so many people to understand:
This is not about currency or payment networks.  There are plenty of fine payment options already. . . denominated in the unit of Dollars, Euros, and Yen.  Bitcoin is about creating decentralized, market-based, **money** (unit of account, medium of exchange, store of value. . . not just one of those; all three).
Money is the ultimate network good.  It is the good which is most dependent upon network externalities (the most people demanding/supplying, accepting/paying with) in order to have utility and value.  If like 3 or 4 hundred of us geeks spread out on the internet worldwide have some bitcoin tokens, and maybe we even trade them a bit between us, occasionally sell our junk to each-other for BTC, then it really wouldn't be serving as money to a high degree. . .it's value would be mostly in novelty, tech curiosity/experimentation, and perhaps some numismatic or collector utility.   For a token to be a money, the value ceases to be in the properties of the token itself, but rather in the properties of the network as a whole: in the interconnectedness of the network of trading partners who agree on a unit of account, and use that unit to take advantage of the division of labor, while not having to find double-coincidences of wants (i.e. the barter problem).  
If a whole lot of people (more importantly, a high saturation of people forming an economy) use and accept this token as a unit of account, medium of exchange, and store of value. . . then it is money, and it's value is not only self-sustaining, but it's value is in the network and it's exchange price steadied by the inertia of price expectations (everyone expects a gallon of gas to be about 0.0009 btc/gallon, and a house to cost 60 btc, and a car 15 btc) , rather than simply unbound fiat exchanges on an orderbook with very little liquidity.
Bitcoin cannot become fully actualized money, unless it garners much higher network effects than it has now.  Right now, it's price is mostly a function of speculation that it will serve, in the future, as money; whether speculators understand this explicitly or not.  There is very little utility in the token itself, or in the network as it currently exists.  As you even said, Paypal and venmo and Visa are already there to whisk your payments around the country and even the world, pretty cheaply and quickly.  Mere utility as another payment network or proxy currency for units of fiat, is *not* what the promise of bitcoin ever was, and it certainly will *not* sustain a high price for the token indefinitely.  
So, when I say that "more people using it is the entire fucking point", you should now understand that there is no bitcoin in perpetuity, unless most **all** usage of the blockchain is not only permitted, but enabled by **both** the native layer and 2nd layers like LN and by centralized/off-chain services like exchanges or Coinbase.  
There is no other way.  There is no room for this insanity of centrally planning the blocksize cap, since utility as a payments network is virtually *all* that a young cryptocurrency has in order to help bootstrap it from this state of being a proto-money commodity, to the point where the utility begins to be in it's network, in it's moneyness.  BCH captures this logic and the original direction of the bitcoin community much better. . . but BTC has first mover advantage and a larger network effect already, which is why it's likely still to be selected by the market as the money of the internet and international economy. . . but only if bitcoiners get their act together about blocksize and start to understand that the economics; the demand factor (many people enabled to use the main-chain for transactions means more people needing/wanting to mine and run nodes); far outweighs the supply factor (higher cost of running nodes on a chain with bigger blocks, higher orphaning risk and mining centralization with arbitrarily high blocks to rebroadcast).
The economics here is the deciding factor.  The Core crew and all the followers here on get the technical arguments. . . but they've completely neglected to understand the overall economics of the situation.
@_date: 2016-02-10 21:38:39


This is definitely the sense I got too.  It seems to have drastically reshaped the topology of the price cycles; I think this new bitcoiner easily outnumbers the old bitcoiner.  That and perhaps the introduction of options contracts becoming widely available. . . I think it's easy to see how even a small amount of stability or spike attenuation can kill fomo-induced price bubbles that otherwise would have arrived right on schedule.
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:27:12
A prisoner's dilemma or any other game construct holds true as far as it goes. . . but it says nothing of the accuracy of calling something a prisoner's dilemma in the complex real world.  Markets tend to find ways around communication constraints, information asymmetries, and transaction costs.  Game theory gives useful insights to isolated factors, but is hardly predictive or a holistic view of a complex system.
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:40:28
All in all a pretty positive and reasonable segment, but you gotta love the lower-thirds caption that they had up for a minute: "bitcoin cut off by capital controls".
@_date: 2016-02-25 03:01:43
It would be kinda cool to have like a local garden and farm network (sort of a decentralized replacement for local farmers markets and produce coops).  Seeds, fruits, veggies, crafts/soaps, food booth/truck stuff, solar cooked and other specialties ...but all accessible from an app for either delivery, or pick up from the gardeners home or booth at the farmers market.
Bitcoin integrated, and of course a reputation system to get rid of the need for outdated regs and get around the prohibitions on selling without a food license or selling raw milk, etc.
Maybe just a special corner of OpenBazaar could be setup for this type of market. 
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:51:30


Exactly, which is why we should let markets determine these things...not devs or simple public opinion.
There are orphaning and other costs to miners in increasing block capacity, which serve as natural checks on unimpeded expansion. What we have now is a centrally-planned price-setting, pure and simple.
@_date: 2016-02-10 21:48:05
I guess I priced that potential in when I bought.  Not everyone will, but I assume that most do.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:43:04
Ha!  That's funny.  I'm way late to this party.  Liked your post, but honestly, this is all I could think of (well, the original Tron, but this was the youtube clip I could find).
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:27:47
thanks. . . though I'm still getting hammered by the people who didn't read the whole thread and are harping on the "deflation means that the value of the currency increases for the holders of it" idea; which I clearly indicated I understood.
I guess that's what I get for being long-winded.  Brevity was never my strong suit.
@_date: 2016-02-25 16:47:02
I agree.  It's why I always seperate the blocksize cap challenge from the **becoming money** challenge.
I mean, ease and cost of transaction on the main-chain and maintaining some level of decentralization are important...and ultimately your transactions on LN or CoinbaseNet need to be redeemable or referencable back to the immutable, censorship-resistant bitcoin blockchain. . .but: 
Those things come second to and are only auxiliary to what unit of account is being transmitted over these networks; what will be our money.  Will it forever be dollars and euros and yen being transmitted across the Bitcoin network and between Bitpay and Coinbase and exchanges? Or will we bootstrap the Bitcoin network's token, to be the reference currency; the unit-of-account money.
I don't see a new payment network, even if it is decentralized and somewhat censorship resistant, being revolutionary.  Nor could it ultimately be censorship resistant if the money unit being transmitted is still a creature of the state, who's value and demand sink is determined by fiat.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:44:21
great post, thank you.
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:40:10
really?  Notice all the comments from speculators above and below who just sold at the highs and plan on buying again when it settles lower?
What do you think that does to the price when it's high/rising quickly?  It dampens that.  What do you think the speculators to to the price when it crashes or is low?  They buy, keeping the price up.
Speculation performs an important market function of evening out the ebbs and flows, and providing price stability.  The relative instability of the BTC (relative to fiat) that we see now is due more to the fact that the currency is young, and held primarily as a value transfer mechanism and store of value, instead of being held for its intrinsic value and exchange value.
Basically, Bitcoin prices will continue to be inherently unstable, so long as people are thinking of it's value in terms of USD or other monies. . . when the day comes that we all buy and sell the majority of what we need and use on a daily basis in BTC, you'll see a very stable price level; and you can thank speculators for maintaining as even a price level as possible while the currency matures and the market for products and services denominated in BTC develop.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:55:07
I don't understand why, say Mt. Gox could not offer accounts (or even make all account insured) which insured the depositors' bitcoin balance, to be reimbursed in full by the third-party insurer, in the case of theft or loss.  The depositor could agree as part of the terms of service (and this is where it really gets fuzzy for me because I don't have any clue what the best way would be to go about this); they could agree that a fee of .01% of their monthly holdings would be charged. . . or something along those lines.
Why is something like that not doable, and why do you think that bitcoin wallets are uninsurable if external to the insurer? 
These technical posts on increased methods of security are all well and good. . . but you will never have as full and wide-scale adoption (and constant innovation) of the best security techniques, unless these exchanges have a monetary incentive (skin in the game) to stay on top of them.
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:37:24
I get that point (I'm coming from an austrian economic perspective here).
What I think people are still missing the point of, is that if someone loses their bitcoin wallet, they lose value and purchasing power.  And their dis-utility is not a good thing, nor is it somehow matched by increased utility among the other holders of the currency; yes, the purchasing power of their bitcoins (relative to the other goods and services currently available on the market) goes up, but the market itself is that much disadvantaged because of the lack of future goods or services which will not be available, due to the lost wealth of the person who lost their wallet.  I mean, isn't that the number one thing that we need right now for bitcoin to succeed?  We don't just need more people holding or speculating with bitcoins, we need more people providing goods and services on the bitcoin market. . . the stuff that truly makes us all wealthy. . . the stuff that drives prices down and quality up due to competition.
Now, wealth is often lost in the physical world as well, but it is usually found again.  This is a digital world, and we should be able to overcome that problem that the physical world has.  All I'm saying is that I think it would be useful if the protocol allowed for re-mining or "finding" of lost coinz, or perhaps clients or wallets which have features which making losing your coinz much less likely.  I do not believe that people losing their coins is a net-zero for the market. . . wealth lost is wealth lost; even if the wealth is itself only a quasi-commodity which has little use value of its own.
@_date: 2012-10-17 22:15:51
Definitely non-sense in terms of an objective "full value" but I think that current market value CAN be "wrong" in a sense, if there is some aggression/force being initiated in some way upon the market, distorting the choices that market participants would have otherwise made. 
I doubt that's much the case anywhere in the bitcoin market (that's the whole point of it), but nevertheless, I felt the qualification worth noting.  
I think it's conceivable that certain risks and pressures and threats from state institutions; at least indirectly; are negatively affecting adoption rates of bitcoin (e.g. turning off certain people to the idea of it, because they see it as a legal grey-area, and perhaps not worth the risk of investing the time to learn to use bitcoin).
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:53:42
of course.  But let's say our common currency is diamonds.  Diamonds are useful to us for jewelry, for industrial uses, etc.  If diamonds could be lost indefinitely, and no further diamonds could be mined or created. . . yes, the purchasing power of diamonds would increase for everybody else, but the individuals who lose the diamonds are disadvantaged (they are part of the overall social utility), and they have lost wealth which would have allowed them to create further wealth in the market.  There is also further social dis-utility created by the fact that diamonds, being useful and valuable in themselves, and being scarce, contribute towards the wealth in society.
Bitcoins are very similar, in that they possess use-value beyond their value as a currency (though not as easily recognizable as with diamonds).  So we lose wealth as a bitcoin marketplace, with each lost coin.  However, thinking it through further; the fact that bitcoins are homogeneous and fungible between denominations (i.e.  0.01 bitcoins serves the same use-value as 1 bitcoin) perhaps I am overstating the negatives in this case.
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:41:04
Yes, but you're still seeing it in a one-sided manner:   if they are constantly increasing in value, they will be attractive to buy more of, rather than sell, as you said;  but what is happening to the price of a bitcoin?  It is going up, right (and that is both in terms of its exchange value with other currencies, as well as it's exchange value with goods and services)?  Making it harder and more expensive to buy bitcoins, which provides a backstop to the "spiral" that you talk about.  More products can now be purchased with your bitcoin, so there is incentive to sell your bitcoin for products (yay!  consumer demand!).
@_date: 2012-10-15 21:35:34
Oh good.  Because I actually didn't know the history, and I felt like a complete idiot there for a second, since I've been calling it "mount gox".
@_date: 2012-10-30 03:10:17
stay classy.
@_date: 2012-10-09 17:17:42
Well said.
The bitcoin economy continues to prove anti-market falsehoods and deflationary myths, incorrect.  It may not become the currency of the future (I think it will be one of them), but it should at the very least, show any thinking person that central bank/government regulation of a currency is not only unnecessary, but is counter-productive.  It should also convince any thinking person, that communities and economies regulate themselves, without coercive centralize power.  Webs of trust are developed, protocols are standardized, insurance is offered, security is employed. .  . all without any single person or bureaucracy planning for the provision of these things, which serve the ends of consumers and users of bitcoin.
Ultimately, some people. . . only a few I hope. . . will fail to see this reality, and will continue to fight for control and power.  That is bitcoin's real power.
/end dramatic music&gt;steps off soap-box. 
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:37:43


Always someone else, isn't it?  You'll never meet that person, but you're sure that that dupe is out there, waiting helplessly to be scammed.  Just like that nebulous mass of people out there who supposedly don't know that most of McDonald's food is bad for their health.  We must mandate labels and warnings on the food packaging for their benefit; or just ban large soft drinks. . . you'll never meet that person, but they are out there; so we must protect the masses from themselves.  
Are you sure you're not just projecting your own poor judgement on the rest of society?
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:50:39
Exactly.  And let me just point out to all the anti-deflationists on this thread, that miners are what keeps the bitcoin network running efficiently.  If the value of bitcoins does not appreciate, then the slowing rate of block rewards will mean that nobody will mine anymore (i.e. price of electricity higher than rewards gained). . . unless those bitcoin can exchange for greater and greater value of goods or other currencies (say, dollars, to purchase electricity).
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:47:48
And while you rent and save all that money, you are investing in the future.  Chances are, you will have that money in a bank or other investment vehicle, and that will be providing capital for other entrepreneurs to start businesses which produce goods and services for people which they want and need, adding competition and adding to the division of labor in society, decreasing prices of goods, and increasing wealth.
Even if you kept all that money under a mattress, you will eventually spend it; adding to the consumption economy, or perhaps investing it yourself in a business, which you otherwise would not have been able to start, were it not for your savings; thus you have again, increased the goods and services available to society, and increased its wealth.
Stuff, is what makes us wealthy. . . money just facilitates the exchanges.  Savings (or hording if you like), is the foundation of increasing our capital stock, sacrificing now, so that more can be produced in the future.
@_date: 2012-10-09 18:32:24
Good point.  The market will also equilibrate in that respect.  I was pointing to the increased purchasing power of each bitcoin as further upward incentive to mine.. whereas in an inflationary environment, miners expenses may outpace their rewards, regardless of how many miners have dropped out of the game. 
@_date: 2012-11-16 23:26:49
It is sad to see how misguided so many people are about economics, and how ignorant of bitcoin.  Here's the most common fallacies I saw in those comments:
Value is something objective or intrinsic to objects:    No! Nothing **has** value! Value is something imputed to things, in people's heads. . .totally subjective to the individual.  Prices tend to reflect the summation of the value placed on a good by consumers. . but that has nothing to do with the fact that people all still place very different levels of importance and willingness to sacrifice opportunity costs for a bitcoin.  This misunderstanding of the word leads to the next fallacy...
"Backing" of the currency.  The problem that nobody seemed to pick out in those debates was that there were two different definitions of "backing" being thrown around.  The one, is the definition an economist uses when talking about the backing of a currency, and it refers essentially to a low-end of the price spectrum; a *backstop* if you will to possible price implosion of a commodity or money.  For example, if our society were using gold as currency right now, and the next day we all switched over to bitcoin, because we all thought it was a better money; gold's price would drop drastically. . . but not to zero. . people would still value it for jewelry and industrial purposes.  It's price is backed. . not it's *value*.  Bitcoin (as I've argued with some fellow Austrians) is not purely fiat;  the cryptographic nature of it's algorithms are of the same sort as have been in use for various purposes, before bitcoin became a currency, and (even if everyone of us tomorrow stopped mining and buying and selling in bitcoin), would still find some use (albeit very limited).  People would still value bitcoins. . .just not as much as today.
This other definition of "backing" that was being thrown around, was being defined almost like: "the reason that people use it at all".  For example, that QJ person kept saying that the U.S. military "backs" the dollar.  That's true enough according to this other definition; people (especially foreign countries like Iran, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia) are using our dollar and eating the losses it is sustaining, because of the projections of U.S. military might.  Nobody in that thread saw fit to point out that that should be considered a mark against the Dollar; since it means that people would obviously not be as willing to accept dollars, were they not being threatened.  Bitcoin, on the other hand, required no central authority to declare it money by fiat, and no military to intimidate people into continued use and acceptance of it; therefore, this very fact shows it to be a more viable currency, and less likely to collapse to a value of zero (like the dollar will inevitably do).
Ponzi scheme.  So tired of hearing this.  There is no fraud.  The code and the blockchain are all open and available for anyone to see.  No one need be ignorant of the time and money they are putting into buying, selling, mining, or trading bitcoin.  No need to even go into the accusation that the early adopters are making money at the expense of newcomers and dependent upon them.  Doesn't matter whether that was true or not.  There is no fraud going on here.  Only ignorance.
/end rant
@_date: 2012-10-30 03:07:34
Hope you all get through that storm okay.
@_date: 2012-11-04 02:53:14
What is 'Bitcoin true'? sounds exciting.
@_date: 2012-10-26 01:32:01
you're right, thank you.  Retarded noob mistake.  My browser is adding the 'www' now for some reason; which is why I had no idea I was using a wrong URL.
Well, at least BitInstant is legitimately down  :p
@_date: 2012-10-26 02:42:03
thanks. . . I had never tried BitMe.com . . . . I just went there and, wouldn't you know it?  "currently in maintenance mode".
It's just not my day.
@_date: 2018-11-21 02:52:35
That's crazy, that's almost exactly how I rough the numbers out in my head.  Hasn't let me down yet.
I do expect cycles to slowly diminish their amplitudes in percentage terms, and lengthen in period.
@_date: 2016-09-20 20:54:29
Right, but that still doesn't make it money now.  No country (or firm) would price and trade oil in bitcoins right now, because the volatility leaves their risk of being on the losing side too high.  They sometimes trade in gold, because there is no other supranational currency besides it.  Bitcoin could hopefully fill that roll eventually.
I don't understand what this resistance and even sometimes hostility is by the newer bitcoin crowd, to the idea that bitcoin is not yet money...if anything, it just means that the best is yet to come.  It is not disparaging of bitcoin at all.  Us old hands understood from the beginning that becoming money was to be the ultimate challenge of the bitcoin experiment; that is the point of all the hodling; that is the "bootstrapping" that is still ongoing.
Bitcoin does not yet serve as money to a high degree in any significant economic sphere.  Full stop.
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:48:17
While I would prefer the current protocol, but just having wallets or clients which limit the possibility of losing your wallet in the first place.  However, assuming that there will be no such innovations; I do like your idea, and would probably go along with that protocol, if no better solutions presented themselves.  (see my above comments to others about the dis-utility on the market when people lose coinz and no one can recover them).
My point at ranting at you is that you accuse libertarians of being nutjobs and not understanding.  I think that many of us understand a great deal about the economics of this, which is why we are here.  You don't have to convince us.  You have to convince the market, by the merits of your alternative protocol, via the profit and loss signals, which will make the most efficient path attractive to users of bitcoin.
You're right, it has nothing to do with wealth redistribution; because neither you or anyone else will be able to redistribute lost coinz in a manner other than the meritocracy of the market which I just alluded to.  
@_date: 2016-09-20 18:07:39
It wont, of course.  Different departments of the u.s. government already classify bitcoin differently...and they are not concerned about those contradictions.  They will classify according to what meets their department's needs.
Incidentally, bitcoin is not yet money by the economic definition.
@_date: 2012-10-29 05:16:32
I don't know if it's just me but it seems like nearly everything in the bitcoin-o-sphere is either down or operating with limited capabilities right now.
@_date: 2016-09-14 19:42:57
Sorry it took me so long to reply (been in the air all day).


I guess I don't see any contradiction, if base money is fixed, but fractional reserves allows the circulation of notes (or other currency) as wider money, on top of that monetary base.  Because we're talking about currencies issued by loosely federated or independent banks, rather than by a treasury or central bank.
Anyhow, I don't claim to be an expert on this, and so I hope you will find the time to read George Selgin especially.  I appreciate you considering these ideas and hope that they made lead to a bit more of a synthesis between mainstream (neokeynesian macro; neoclassical) thinking and the possibilities and challenges of market-based monies making a resurgence in our economies.  
We'd all love it if you keep us updated on your work!
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:42:56
Why do houses cost 200K in the first place?
Possibly the inflationary policies which incentivized taking on debt in the first place?
@_date: 2016-09-09 21:07:13
As I try to tell people who are just getting into bitcoin:  you are entering a world of extremes.  Bitcoin has the properties to be potentially the most insecure asset you've ever held. . .or it can be the most secure.  Turnkey, commercial options are not the most secure, nor will they probably ever be.  The beauty of bitcoin is that we always have the option (however much extra effort it will take), to secure it more fully than any other thing we value (gold, cash, fiat, loved-one's lives).  There are so many option and mechanisms which can be used in isolation or combination to make the chances of loss due to personal incompetence or forgetfulness, or theft, as close to impossible as you can get with anything else. . . all while being eminently transportable/transferable trans-jurisdictionally.  
You can leave it all on a bitcoin exchange. . . and most likely lose it, but gain all that quick access and liquidity; or you can put 12 words in your head, and then give three trusted loved-ones each a two-of-three key to decrypt a copy of those 12 words (and only tell each person who one other person is who holds a key; so even if you and one of them gets killed or compromised, one person can always find a second, and have plausible deniability of a third).  
It is truly amazing technology. . . and even more amazing economics and network effects (and testament to the ability of voluntary markets to coordinate network and public goods), that we have been able to get so many people to see the current and much higher future value of this token, such that it does carry value, and so that sending a bit means something more than just random execution of code and hashing.  
And of course there are even more elaborate and fool-proof schemes I've heard of than this.
@_date: 2018-11-04 20:12:35
Is there a better way to justify the value of something, or claim that it provides more benefits than costs- than people voluntarily and directly paying for it?
Of course, as with every transaction of value, there are externalities to one degree or another, which confer costs or benefits on 3rd parties not voluntarily involved in the interaction. The only one of significance I can think of with bitcoin mining, is that the electricity generation being paid for voluntarily by miners and users downstream of that, creates a negative externality on almost everyone else of air and c02 pollution. Since most governments have failed to put Pigouvian taxes in place on carbon emissions (or other policies which help to more accurately *price* electricity or internalize those externalities) then the cost of electricity to miners and bitcoin users is essentially subsidized.
But if that externality were corrected, at most we would see less bitcoin mining cetaris paribus, than we do now. It would not go away...it probably wouldn't even be reduced by that much.
Most other activities (such as traditional banking, which nobody questions as valuable beyond its costs and resource consumption) also consumes huge amounts of electricity and other resources which externalize and are not properly priced.
@_date: 2012-12-29 16:08:29
Probably true, but with enough people "furthering themselves" in this way, and the fact that employers are, more and more, finding that educational credentials do not the best candidate make;  I could see 3rd party, private accreditation in institutes coming in to existence, in order to provide employers with something in the way of record keeping, and almost a type of diploma which can be used to signify their course completions.
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:54:39
I agree, but understanding the mechanisms of *how* that's happening is important. . .as is understanding what factors may be disrupting that process.
@_date: 2016-09-12 04:49:31
Preferably MS paint
@_date: 2012-10-29 05:15:13
Yes,  I recently put in an order for dwolla to mtgox and it failed (after being deducted from my dwolla account).
I have written support and billing several emails and have yet to hear from them, about refunding my dwolla account.  It has been 2 days now.
@_date: 2018-11-09 00:17:03
Where does the tweet say anything about "illegally" confiscating.
You realize they have pretty strict capital and currency controls?
But anyway, do you not know that graft and corruption are intensely common, especially in places like Venezuela? Where are all these news stories about it happening 10's of thousands of times per day around the world? Is it really so far-fetched to you that border agents in Venezuela are often extorting people trying to flee the country (and that you don't really hear about it)?
Yours are the far more extraordinary claims and require evidence.
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:00:23
Catch 22. Bitcoin needs price stability to be adopted, but it needs to be adopted for price to stabilize.
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:20:45
Keep in mind as you read that, how current regulations (especially the capital gains tracking and reporting requirements) are thwarting the process...it has become de facto illegal to use crypto as currency.
@_date: 2016-09-11 15:29:24
Pack it up boys! I've been made.
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:43:23


And yet (supposedly) no one wants to own it if it's not already a stable currency.  This is the great mystery (to some), and conundrum of coordination for a proto-money commodity like bitcoin.  And yet bitcoin's exchange price is slowly stabilizing over the long-term, and so far, each bubble and crash has resulted in a resurgence of an order of magnitude higher.
Of course, even if my speculations about the mechanisms in play are correct; this is still a question of degree (will it be enough?); and there's no assuming that bitcoin's successes (even if it does ultimately succeed) will be more or less linear, or that past patterns will continue.  
Bitcoin has definitely seen a notable loss of market share as it's fees and congestion rose for those several years before segwit and the advent of LN which are starting to alleviate pressure.  And all cryptocurrencies have clearly suffered in their uptake and use as currency (rather than just as a speculative vehicle) in countries like the U.S. where draconian regulations have all but stopped OTC markets, and the onerous prospect of the tracking and reporting requirements associated with paying capital gains taxes on it, make it de facto illegal to use as a currency (and yet so many people scoff at bitcoin's itself for being completely at the root of it's present behavior. . .remaining willfully ignorant of these legal and regulatory factors).
@_date: 2016-09-21 00:44:04


Show me where you guys are using it as unit of account.  I want to join.  I really do.  In that economic sphere, I will happily join you in calling it money. Otherwise, you're just arbitrarily redefining money.


No, I agree that fretting over whether bitcoin is being used to buy your coffee and essentially be competing as a payment network, rather than a new money, is inane and is only at best indirectly related to whether bitcoin is or becomes money.  To become money, we are looking at a qualitative shift, not just a quantitative.


But that still doesn't make it money.  I've made lots of transactions with it as well!  I've also traded a lot of things for other things...that doesn't make my mint-condition treasure trolls money to a high degree. Bitcoin is a proto-money.  Take a look again at the three requirements of a money.  The best is yet to come...understand and embrace that...if you don't, you miss out on a huge portion of the reason to be excited about bitcoin's future.
@_date: 2016-09-11 01:50:50
I don't think it's fair to pin "statism" on economists for hating bitcoin (of course, depending on your definition of "hating". . . there are surely some who are irrational haters).
But economists by and large are all very skeptical of bitcoin and, from a macroeconomic perspective, quite certain that the widespread use of bitcoin would weaken the ability of central banks to affect monetary policy.  The complete takeover of fiat by bitcoin would end it.  Again, for pretty good reasons, they see this as a bad thing.  At worst, they are considering what happens to a world stuck in the status quo. . . only with an ineffective Fed.  And I agree that this would be a bad situation.
I know enough economists to know that they are not shills for the Fed or the government.  They believe what they do because of a lot of prior and well-founded empirical and theoretical work.  
And while I don't fully agree with the conclusions, it is interesting to note that market monetarism which is gaining some traction with the mainstream (advocating for NGDP targeting) [brings central control of money to a point ripe for transition to a free banking environment]( where bitcoin, along with other market monies and bank-issued currencies, could respond to demand for money in much the same way that central banks now aim to do (albeit in their clunky, more arbitrary ways).
@_date: 2018-11-04 22:06:15
[Once again]( , you need to be able to show that there's a better way to measure worth or value, than to let people voluntarily bear the costs. If they do, then it is manifestly worth it.
If there are externalities to that (c02 emission, dying orcas), then your question and your focus must be directed at internalizing those externalities, and has nothing to do with bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-14 09:16:49
This is great to hear! Not only is economic research in the bitcoin space lacking, but also money and monetary origins (especially development or evolution of market-based monies).  Here's some musings to hopefully give you ideas on directions of study:
I think one issue that many bitcoiners don't understand or perhaps take for granted, is that bitcoin (the token) is not yet money (or does not serve as such to a high degree: decent medium of exchange, poor to fair store of value, but serves almost nowhere yet as unit of account).
I have tried to show that, as a network good, markets face coordination problems (very similar to public goods; free riding and assurance) in producing a money...or rather in bringing about a widely accepted unit of indirect exchange in commodities such as metals, cryptocurrency tokens, commodities, etc.  Having a central
 government coin money or declare a unit of currency by fiat is certainly a quick and "easy" way to make it happen...though for most of us, it is a foregone conclusion that, despite possible under-production or slow production of money on a market, markets without government interference will bring about better money.  This is what a lot of us mean by "bootstrapping" bitcoin.  Bitcoin has arguably better monetary properties (e.g. transportability, divisibility, scarcity, fungibility) than any commodity used before.  But unlike gold or other money commodities which came before, bitcoin has arguably less (or less apparent) non-monetary use-value (like gold's use in jewelry or industry) which readily ensconce it as a widely held asset.  Bitcoin's utility as payment network is certainly one aspect of the tech which lends some use-value, as that is inseparable from the token.  In a rather chunky (vs. granular) Kirznerian way...or in a more analytic, entrepreneurial way, rather than fully heuristic/emergent...we are trying to promote and *will* bitcoin past these coordination difficulties, into position as a widely held asset (at which point it naturally falls into place as money due to its good monetary properties).
  Some of us see bitcoin's potential as full-fledged money (not just as payment network) to be the primary importance of this technology and it's likely ends (money status or atrophy).
If you're not familiar with George Selgin's work on free banking, I highly suggest it, and pay attention to the ties between such a banking regime's similar mechanisms to market monetarists' NGDP targeting....in short, I'm not sure it's s foregone conclusion that a world of bitcoin as base money, would necessarily preclude the expansion and contraction of wider money supplies in a more or less counter-cyclical market response/mechanism.
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:56:58
I am not an expert when it comes to the coding or understanding the block-chain.
I have heard it said that it will be possible for miners to create a fork in the block-chain, and accept different rules of this nature.  But at that point, it would be it's own protocol and essentially separate network.
Please someone correct me here if I'm totally off-base.
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:09:03
It blows my mind that there are still people who exist who place any morality or utility (beyond not getting caught) on obeying like 9/10 laws in the u.s. and other Western countries...let alone places like Saudi Arabia.
Don't hurt, steal, defraud, or credibly threaten others (or externalize these onto others to a high degree). Done. Everything else in legislated law is either unnecessary, total bullshit, or outright counter-productive and immoral.
@_date: 2012-10-29 18:26:55
thanks. . . I do use other methods besides Dwolla, but most of them rely on BitInstant, and BitInstant is the problem right now.
I will definitely check out QuickBitcoins though.
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:10:39
Yes, but the people who always see fit to remind everyone of this, very often are just bitcoin hyper-skeptics who turn around and spew disparaging comment after comment, essentially using whatever the most recent crash is, as evidence that bitcoin has failed or is failing (I.e. hypocritically using past performance).
The truth is that past performance is not a *good* predictor of future results...but it is actually the best one we have.
Those of us who have been in bitcoin since near the beginning have had to learn this the hard way; but investing for the long-term (with proper security and not keeping funds on exchanges) hasn't let us down.
Stop day trading. Stop trying to time the market. Stop investing even close what you can afford to lose.  If you insist on doing those things anyway: stop coming back to reddit and crying for regulation or blaming manipulators, etc.
Understand the [long-term value proposition of bitcoin]( and chill.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:44:01
Yes. We all know. That's exactly what government schooling does: they don't teach economics (for one thing; certainly not any political economy), and they inculcate this first-order thinking in you people-
I.E.: people use object often in harmful ways &gt; have government ban or highly control said object &gt; problem solved!
But that's not how it works in the real world. There are unintended consequences. There are public choice factors. There are calculational issues.  But the government schools fail (or intentionally exclude) to teach these things...and so we have generations and generations of you first-order-only thinkers who do things like: try to prohibit alcohol; which backfires miserably and created more problems than it solved and created much death and human misery and ensconced an organized-crime infrastructure and sub-culture.
So then you people ban and highly regulate narcotics and other drugs..and this backfires on us in terrible (if predictable) ways. And now you and the other children of this millennial generation think you can and want to ban or highly restrict guns....you are clueless children who don't and can't think through the consequences of your actions (especially your political actions). You have and will cause the suffering and death of so many people, because of your ignorantly-guided good intentions.
I did give you an explanation of why this is. Did you even read the link?
You are a child. Go and play and enjoy childhood. Get off Reddit and stop worrying about politics.
@_date: 2018-03-13 22:59:26
Two different (and necessary) modes of the scaling solution.
Don't hate.
@_date: 2012-10-29 19:05:25
FYI, I came across this on the bitcoin forum from a hero member user:
{in response to someone who had just experienced the same problem you and I did}   "It just means bitinstant ran out of funds at btc-e. Their support usually responds very quickly (within a couple of hours.) But lately they have taken a few days to answer."
I really think that the recent drop in cost has simply overwhelmed a lot of the exchanges, and bitinstant with purchases.
But what I can't figure out is why BitInstant removed their BTC to email and BTC to bitcoin address options.
@_date: 2012-09-17 22:29:33
I am a Nigerian prince.  I need your help;  I am an heir to a vast fortune of Bitcoins, but I have been banished by my family.  I simply need you to transfer $100 into my Dwolla account, which will give me the funds to restore me to my crown, and you will be handsomely rewarded!
Have you tried through BitInstant?  I believe that you can purchase coinz through them with a Dwolla account, just so long as you have the funds (I don't think you have to have a bank account nor ACH necessarily set up).
You can just have BitInstant transfer the bitcoins to your Mt. Gox address.  Fees though. . .but since you say you were willing to pay a premium; I guess you probably won't mind.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:01:45
That's because you were ~~educated~~ schooled by the same violent monopoly which over-regulates them and keeps their price high.
@_date: 2012-09-27 18:13:34
"Honey,  I've got the public key. . . but I've never been able to find your private key.  It's the same with bitcoin. . . . do you see how secure it is?"
@_date: 2016-09-06 16:34:35
Tax law. Classified bitcoin as capital good.
@_date: 2012-10-10 02:11:03
Not sure I follow you on the idea of:  "I am increasing the purchasing power of every other unit of bitcoin in the wild, in an identical fashion to if I had "loaned" it out to every other person making a transaction."
The type of deflation that can happen with bitcoin is a decrease in the number of bitcoins circulating, due to them being lost forever (say corrupt wallet file, forgetting a brain-wallet, etc), and due to people saving (or hording if you're inclined to call it that) their bitcoin for use at a later date.  Of course, all monetary deflation is ultimately a decrease in the supply of that money in circulation; but with fiat currencies, that deflation can come about in other ways that we will not see with bitcoin (e.g. during a deflationary bust-cycle in fiat currency economies).  
Either way, saving only removes dollars/bitcoins from the market temporarily.  Loaning money can be done and has been done throughout history with no inherent risk to the market.  There is an equal and opposite reaction to everything;  if you pull money out of circulation, yes everybody's money becomes that much more valuable (though not always in such an immediate and even way like the equivalent of loaning an equal share of your horded wealth out to all the other holders of the currency), but the opposing force is that wages in that currency also decrease eventually, and more importantly, with the currency having an increased value per unit, more can be purchased, which means increased effective demand by those who hold the currency.
Deflation is simply not a problem. . . especially when a commodity is removed from circulation in order to purchase capital for future use or future goods and services.
@_date: 2016-09-11 01:15:52
Not likely to become a problem. . . but if we make some liberal assumptions about some rough numbers; the number of bitcoin atomic units (satoshis) are actually within the order of magnitude such that it could become a small problem.
1.  We have to assume that bitcoin would be serving as "broad money"  i.e. M2  (currently the world operates okay with about $10.5 trillion, divided between about 7 bil people), and that in the bitcoin future we aren't using any higher-layer payment networks light side-chains in order to serve as smaller units of specie.  That means there's currently about 150,000 cents per person on earth.
2.  The penny may be dying in the U.S., but poorer parts of the world who are below the world average per capita holding of money will need a unit of specie at least as small as the penny.  Let's assume then, that the world currently operates on 1 quadrillion and 50 trillion atomic money units. 
3.  We have to assume that Satoshi's 1mil stash and all other lost coins don't move and aren't ever found. . . let's assume that, after the full 21mil mined, the network is ultimately left with only half of that total available for transactions (so 10.5 mil).  At 100mil atomic units (satoshis).  (10.5mil X 100mil) / 7bil = 150,000 satoshis per person on earth.  Total coincidence, of course. . . but interesting how that worked out to the same number of cents available.  Was not trying for that when making my assumptions.
4.  We have to assume that bitcoin takes over as money for all economic transactions on earth; i.e. no niche or local or or remaining national currencies.  
4.  Add in some significant population increase and economic growth by the time bitcoin reaches maturity, and  takes over the world; and before it is replaced by the next monetary revolution.  
I guess that we could potentially start to have a small problem. . . one which markets solve for partly by the fact that (while one money tends to dominate in a given economic sphere), several monies are usually in use and markets increase and contract money supplies in this way (see: free banking).  And of course, some of those assumptions above aren't just liberal, but rather unrealistic.  
Bitcoin users unaffected.
Edit:  we also have to assume that the increased price of a bitcoin does not induce generations of well funded and highly trained forensic treasure hunters to dig up and find lost private keys.  In fact, those supply shocks that are likely to come when treasure hunters spend/dump large portions of their findings onto the market, are far likelier to be a problem than limited currency units.  
Edit2:  we also have to assume that it would be politically infeasible to hard-fork the protocol to increase the sub-division of each bitcoin (i.e. not inflate, but just make the atomic unit, say 1 billionth of a BTC, instead of 100 millionth) 
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:04:14
But not because there isn't something of a catch-22 here; there is- most people will not adopt a volatile asset (speculative trading, while important, cannot be considered adoption in the important long-term sense).
The difference is that you are seeing the mechanism behind coordinating against the catch-22 (you say "greed" but I would also say that the volatility itself is what coordinates that greed into more real adoption and transaction loops).  You are seeing past the catch-22, which is good, but it's also important to understand the mechanisms of what is happening, and other factors which might be hampering that process and keeping the asset more volatile than it otherwise might be.
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:15:40
That's one of the only things that strikes me as being a flaw (for lack of a better word that's not as strong), with BitCoin.  Because the total amount of coins is set, and will stop growing by 2040; there is the surety that after that point, the currency will deflate, permanently and ~~consistently~~ continually.  This is a behavior unlike any other currency (fiat or commodity based) that we've ever seen (i.e. gold production may have slowed or stabilised, but we're still digging some out of the ground; plus if significant quantities of gold or gold coins, say 16th century spanish merchant ships, and lost. . .they are more than likely to be found or recovered at some point)
I understand that the currency protocol has many decimal places built into it, so a deflation of the currency is not a technical problem.  However, it has implications for the bitcoin market.  While deflation of a currency relative to the prices of other goods and services (a market growth phenomenon) is a good thing; A bitcoin, being a quasi-commodity (meaning it does have some use-value besides as a currency), means that the market loses wealth or access to wealth. . . to stuff. . . stuff which will never be found or recovered again.  Coming from an Austrian perspective. . . this may not ever pose a significant problem for a developed market, but it's hard to say.  The supply will also dwindle in unpredictable ways, and introduce uncertainty into the market. . . though no more unpredictable and sudden than the inflationary pressures on gold from say, raising a spanish merchant ship from the bottom of the ocean.
@_date: 2018-11-20 22:54:14
Yeah.  I'm not sure why this sentiment isn't more popular or intuitive (whether it's right or wrong).
I mean, I still can't get most people to just look at the all-time bitcoin price chart in logarithmic scale.  I don't know how you can look at that and be worried about the current bear market and not at least have a hunch that these cycles will continue to repeat in similar manner (yes, yes. . .we all know that past performance is not an indicator of future blah blah, we get it).
@_date: 2012-12-16 21:05:59
in before: "buttcoin"
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:59:28
Banning (or heavily controlling) opiates, destroys more.
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:20:51
Good to see there's still a few of us bitcoin old-timers around. Always loved your comments.
@_date: 2018-11-22 02:14:39
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:15:03
But as bad an indicator as past performance is, it is still a better indicator than what you or bill gates or Warren buffet think.  Intelligence is not a universal thing, and those who predict prices for bitcoin (including "failure") are just as guilty of making baseless predictions as bullish bitcoiners who plan on it bubbling again.
Every single time this happens, there are hordes of you who come here peddling what looks like financial wisdom, but is really just bearish FUD, and every single time you claim that the conditions are different this time and there is no recovering from thjs, this time.
The conditions are surely different, but you give no solid evidence to suggest what the fundamentals are or were, and whether present conditions change those fundamentals significantly enough.
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:13:04
What you call "hording" is actually investment.  Unless you know a lot of people who either 1) don't put savings into a bank or other investment vehicle but instead under a matress, or  2) if they put it under a matress, are they keeping it there forever. . . or do they intend to use it on a rainy day?
This is the problem with keynesian thinking; everything is a simple circular flow; time plays no role.  If you were to remove from the current economy, all the dis-hording of previously "horded" cash, that is going on right now; we would have complete economic collapse.  Saving IS investment.  It is either investment in something now (and if that something is a capital good, then essentially that savings is going towards production of a consumer good in the future), or it is investment in the future, which evens out periods of feast and famine, and which serves to allow capital accumulation, which enables us to produce more stuff, which is what makes us prosperous and wealthy.
Hording is the basis of a healthy and growing economy.  
Also, deflation is not really a problem in and of itself. . .in fact, in the absence of a central bank and fractional reserve banking system, a growing economy will usually manifest itself with some price deflation.  Wages deflate too, but the thing is that the products and services that people buy go down in price more quickly (wages are sticky. . .right?).  Such that the real wages (what can be purchased with the wage) goes up.  Not such a bad spiral.
@_date: 2016-09-20 18:54:47




It's "unit of account", not "accounting".  What that means is that people price and calculate the value of goods and services in the unit...as opposed to the pricing that we see happening in fiat or national currency, and then multiplied against the btc exchange rate.  The volatility of bitcoin's exchange price against fiat is both a symptom and a cause of not yet being used as the unit of account.  This is the major hurdle to be overcome for bitcoin to achieve full monetary status.


Yes, though not a great one according to most peoples' criteria...for us ideologically driven bitcoin fans, sure, it's great.  We understand it well enough to have a perspective which reduces at least our perception of the risk of holding the asset.


A full understanding of what money is: the most liquid, saleable good in an economic sphere.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:45:37
We're supposed to listen to these big-shot investors who haven't looked at the price history of bitcoin before about 2014, and who don't even understand the differences between tulips or beanie babies, and a proto-money commodity.
They are clueless, and each one of them thinks that they know the reasons why bitcoin bubbles then crashes....and yet it keeps coming back along roughly the same pattern, only an order of magnitude higher...yet each time, a new crop of know-it-alls comes in and pretends like the history of bitcoin began with them becoming aware of the most recent run-up.
@_date: 2012-08-18 18:20:12
yup.  for example; to replace annoying CAPTCHA's.  individuals could easily  send, say .0001 bitcoin to the system, without much financial difficulty on their part, but a spammer would find it very expensive to send thousands or millions of entries or emails, etc.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:40:28
What you don't care about, clearly, are human lives and progress.  You are a tool. A product of a propagandized "education".
At least *try* to understand [how things really work]( and then exercise a shred of compassion and humanity based on that.  If you can at least understand the logic of the principles in this Op-ed, I'll graduate you to the research which validates this overview.
@_date: 2018-03-28 14:24:42
That's the joke!
Everybody knows you smash ASICs to get the bitcorms inside.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:41:15


I would clarify that most Austrians (who are actually economists), do not claim that all deflation is good or even neutral, and that the good type of deflation (where hoarding/dishoarding and credit markets are in stable equilibrium) assumes a market-money system (rather than central bank, or even the gold-pegged dollar of the 19th century).
@_date: 2016-09-18 04:47:20
Noob Talk: with kwanijml
So, I'm a big ole fat, long time bitcoin bull.  But when it comes to business...don't mess around.  Unless you are in the business of investment, speculation, or FOREX trading...focus on what you do best, your bread and butter, what your business has comparative advantage in.
I am sorry to hear that the exchange fees and rate were off-putting or unexpected.  People do need to realize that bitcoin is not just another payment network; more importantly it is a new money.  You need to approach the question of accepting bitcoin for your product or service, the same way you would approach it if you had customers asking you to accept their euros or yen or gold, as payment.  There are costs to accepting currencies which you cannot pay your suppliers and employees (or yourself) in.
Now that said; there are certain circumstances in which getting paid by bitcoin may be more efficient than even getting paid in your native currency...say, if your customers must primarily pay via credit cards (small amounts) or remit across national borders...sometimes in these cases, the efficiency lost in converting bitcoin to your native currency can be mitigated by these types of gains.
Most importantly; bitcoin is not yet money, but is what I call a proto-money.  Without going into all of the details of why and what that means; be aware that the primary use-case and beneficial action with the bitcoin token right now, is to hold (save).  This is counter-intuitive to a lot of people so let me know if you want to know  more about why.  But please understand, and don't be disillusioned with the technology and community right now if you don't see a lot of spending and merchant-supporting ecosystem.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:17:55
I guess in short, I wouldn't suggest that governments (or central banks) could conduct monetary policy, but rather that banks and their notes or other currency (acting as wide money on top of bitcoin base money) can naturally expand and contract somewhat countercyclically.
If the history of economics shows anything to me, it's that assumptions of inevitable market failure tend to give way to an understanding of what mechanisms stand in the way of efficient outcomes, reconfirming the price mechanism as ideal (e.g. Coasean bargaining/insights)....not that we necessarily have a market solution, but we have an understanding that more often than not, some primary or secondary effect of gov't intervention or the very property norms upheld, create the high transaction costs standing in the way of Coasean or other market solutions.  
In much the same way, I believe that macroeconomists are in some respects still evolving the science to the point in which we see the primacy and efficacy of the price system, even in the price of money itself...that there are or can be market mechanisms which fill roughly the same role as the central bank (again, for more on this, see: George Selgin, and also Murray Rothbard's A History of Money and Banking.  See also: Scott Sumner on market monetarism which I'm sure you're probably already familiar with).  
Best of luck.  Hit me back anytime for more good discussion.
@_date: 2012-08-18 05:29:52
And that's why us "Austrian/libertarian nutjobs" strongly support bitcoin; so that people like you cannot dictate markets (no matter how noble your intentions) and redistribute wealth as you see best.  
That is why we support markets which are counter-economic and help to disintegrate the state, so that if some dude does find his grandfather's wallet, and becomes incredibly rich; he does not have a ready built institution upon which to seize power over the rest of us.
Markets (the one's kept free, like bitcoin) inexorably tend towards more even distribution of wealth. 
Grandfather's wallet being an issue or not; freedom from centralized control over our money is far more valuable to us than relatively minor monetary disruptions, or the possibility that someone else get's filthy rich.
@_date: 2012-11-02 17:44:38
Good luck to those speculators who will supposedly be able to "game the system as bitcoin gets larger".
@_date: 2018-03-20 12:40:11
In real estate it's: location, location, location.
In money it's: network effects. network effects. network effects.
Every other aspect and feature of a cryptocurrency is secondary (if auxiliary) to that token becoming money and being good money. Until the crypto community understands this, they will keep scratching their heads as to why their super-cool-new coin with way better features than bitcoin, isn't taking over.
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:53:09
With mild deflation (vs. the mild inflation we are used to now), the extent to which lending becomes unprofitable is the same extent to which the increasing value of your savings alleviates the need for capital lending.
Basically, interest rates rise to the point that lending is profitable (given the opportunity cost of the lender just holding the cash instead and allowing that to appreciate); less lending takes place overall; and borrowing is done more to supplement savings.
An equilibrium is reached which, all other things equal, does not affect capital investment or growth in the long term.
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:56:09
And keep in mind that these are only the booms and crashes which exceeded the ATH of the previous. 
Overall [volatility is still slowly decreasing](
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:26:58
Clearly you've never entered the comment section of a submission here that makes it to It is the essence of full-retard, what people think about bitcoin's similarities with ponzi's or other fraud.
@_date: 2019-01-28 20:00:00
Bitcoin is taxed...and in the most destructive way possible.
@_date: 2017-09-15 20:55:11
That was not the argument at all. Work on reading comprehension.
@_date: 2018-02-07 15:52:38
Its a highly regulated market actually. That's part of the problem...but its missing some keystone regulations. Adding stop losses, for example, would possibly improve the volatility situation, but doesn't completely change the fact that the market is low volume, relatively low liquidity, so it's going to be volatile no matter what; and is engaged in directly by both professionals and lay-people...who are going to get slaughtered if they try to day trade, no matter what.
@_date: 2019-01-28 21:56:03
Clearly. But very few places *don't* treat crypto as a capital asset or property for tax purposes.
@_date: 2018-11-14 04:49:10
Law enforcement and criminal justice/penal system in the United States is a slow-burning holocaust.
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:51:54


Fundamentals such as earnings or company net worth? Of course not! Its not a stock. Fundamentals like uses of a commodity (e.g. gold in electronics)? Of course not! Its (a unit token of bitcoin) current utility is more limited to the bearing of smart contracts and as a share of a valuable (censorship-resistant) payment network...but bitcoin is different than stocks or gold or wheat: bitcoin is a proto-money. It is a good which has little value as token which just a few thousand people use....but immense value as a network good: as money.


Really?  How have you calculated this? I'm not even getting on you for making a specific number claim. I take your meaning and understand that you mean "the vast majority". But you're still out of your depth here. You do not know what comprises bitcoin's value (nobody does, except for their own valuations, because value is subjective to the individual), nor do you know what share of it's current price is due to what you are incoherently referring to as "fundamentals", and what is due to "speculation"...which is also non-sensical and incoherent: speculation happens when people place a value (or future valuation) upon something which is different than its current price.


Correct. How else can or should a proto-money market operate: Bitcoin is not yet money. It will be extremely valuable when/if it is money. It's hard to get everyone to agree on a price and distribute the token to people who do not see its future value...speculation helps this (again, read the link I posted in the prior comment for more on this). Speculation and bubble-like activity are not only inevitable, but indispensable. Bitcoin has little or none of what you are calling "fundamentals" (so of course 99% of its price reflects speculation on the future), it mostly just has its future utility as a fully actualized money.  This is and has always been bitcoin's value proposition. It's fundamentals, then, are its good monetary properties and censorship-resistant payment network. Neither you, nor I, nor anyone, have any idea what it's current price *should* be, nor what its future price needs to be, in order to support the liquidity and depth of a money.


Reread above paragraph. Its not coherent to think in terms of "catching up".


But you have no idea what the price should or could be at for current adoption. You act as if the speculation can or should go away, and as if it is not just as much of a real component of bitcoin's utility as whatever you think its adoption or fundamentals are now.


That's not quite what I said. Reread it, and your linked definition of bubbles. When you understand that "intrinsic value" is not a thing (except as a technical term used in finance)...that value **cannot** be inherent by definition...then you'll start to see why throwing around "bubble" in bitcoin is meaningless.


I didn't say they can't: I went by your definition which points out that in commodities, we can really only call something a bubble in retrospect, if at all. Stocks are different.  They have objective earnings to refer back to and liquid and capital assets.


Again, not quite what I said.
Listen, is bitcoin's current price at or near a high which is probably going to come crashing down soon )or maybe a bit more crazy up, but then down)?  Sure! I think so too. That's not a revolutionary or even an uncommon thought here.  You can't just waltz in to bitcoin land with your obviously very limited outlook on it and preach to us old hands (been weathering the ups and downs since 2010) about the dangers of over-exhuberance or think that you're being the voice of reason or something.  We get it. We've seen this over and over and held and bought through it (and profited). 
 Again, if you have some information or insight as to why something will fundamentally change the historic trend and pricing cycles...I'm all ears! But otherwise, your voice-of-reason shtick is both old and not relevant.
If you indeed feel so surely about your position, I highly suggest that you short bitcoin...if you are correct, you both profit and actually did something efficacious to dampen the exhuberance of the market.  
 
@_date: 2018-02-06 22:57:42
The IRS has already nearly stopped bitcoin in the U.S.: it is defacto illegal to use it as currency given the surmountable-but-off-putting-to-mainstream-adoption tracking and reporting requirements inherent to its status as a capital asset.  Add to that the persecution of OTC sellers and other onboarding services a la AML/KYC laws...and its not hard to understand why most activity is purely speculative, rather than monetary.
It is up to other countries now.
@_date: 2017-09-22 05:39:29
He cited a good example of why it's all going to fail, man!  A fictional novel!
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:08:19
Sorry, not correct:  in a deflationary environment, interest rates will rise, creating again in equilibrium, the same overall incentives to invest. 
Now with higher rates, there will be less borrowing on the margin, but this is offset by the larger stock of saving...in other words, borrowers don't need to borrow as much (because they have more savings to start with, and can thus afford a higher rate on a smaller principal): the stock of savings being what produces the commensurate rate of interest on borrowing.
The same amount of capital projects will occur (ceteris paribus), as in an inflationary environment...the ratio of funds used from savings or borrowing will simply shift more to savings.
Money is neutral in the long run.
@_date: 2017-09-22 16:23:31
Its one way you can tell that statism is a cult: they're not just skeptical of startup societies and attempts at freer governance... They actually get angered by them and wish them to fail, rather than at least taking a scientific interest in what might be learned for governance or at least be happy that some people who are not happy with their current situation are getting to try something different.
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:05:40
Utah accepts gold and silver coins.
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:10:30
Of course the future can't be predicted...but that is true of anything.
What's remarkable to me is actually how [regular the boom and bust cycles]( have been, and how [volatility is actually slowly decreasing](
Its amazing how many new bitcoiners (and of course, the hordes of mindless skeptics) don't have a sense for anything but bitcoin's most recent price history.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:57:23
Did you happen to read through the link I posted?
How would you propose that the inherent coordination problems of producing money on a market, get solved...if not via the lottery mechanism?
How do you propose to get government involved in regulating the trading of this currency (they've already done massive damage to this market in the U.S.; classifying it as a capital good for tax purposes, so nobody can legally and practically use it as a currency, and making examples out of exchanges and individual OTC/local bitcoins traders alike, over AML and KYC laws)...how do you propose to add more government regulation without much greater political externality, unintended consequences, and the ability for the rich to be able to capture politicians and regulators and then be able to really manipulate the market?  And this, even assuming that the trading rules you desire wouldn't stifle the money-creation process.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:28:28


 
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:54:53


And you're doing a wonderful job of pointing out its present flaws...as everyone and their dog can do...but your critique has little bearing on the future utility of bitcoin and how it achieves that.
 &gt;Currently, its worth is determined purely by how much someone is willing to pay for it with their hard earned fiat cash. 
Which is true of literally everything that can be bought with money or traded or bartered for. This is a good thing.


I haven't even touched on that yet. You want me to?  Here: 
And here:  
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:39:39
So, lets say we accept that: how does bitcoin replace fiat without first being traded in that (since that's the liquid asset which everyone already possesses)? You expect them to barter? Where is the imcentive for people to do that....not to mention, do you understand how economically destructive that would be?
We're trying to build wealth and prosperity here...not hobble and destroy it.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:38:26
The U.S. already fell behind several years ago, when it decided to go after OTC sellers under the auspices of KYC/AML laws, and by taxing it as a capital asset.
It is already de facto illegal to use bitcoin as a currency in the U.S., due to the onerus tracking and reporting requirements of trying to use a capital good as money, which nobody is going to comply with, or rather, nobody in the above-ground economy is going to choose to adopt a burgeoning currency when doing so requires them to not only hedge this initial volatility, but track every single Satoshi they acquire and divest themselves of, FIFO, and across all the many wallets and services and modes of storage which are necessary to safely and conveniently transact with bitcoin. No, this is not solvable with simple software as people like to unthinkingly say.
Crypto is dead in the U.S. (other than for speculative trading on regulated exchanges), unless people in this space start to understand how money forms on a market, why bitcoin is not yet money, and how it cannot become so, unless the masses mysteriously decide to join ideological crypto-users in the grey and black markets.
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:24:00
Well, to be fair, if the perma-skeptics keep repeating their mantra, they will *eventually* be correct...but that doesn't say much about how useful (successful) bitcoin might be in the meantime.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:50:06
Not quite true with tokens (like bitcoin) which have good latent monetary properties (fungibility, divisibility, scarcity, transportability, etc).  These are network goods and become highly actualized as their network effect grows (unlike, say, tulips).
The nature of the good actually changes (goods are abstract concepts subject to the serviceability to an individual's ends) from mere token, to medium of indirect exchange and useful network of trading partners. 
Thus the fundamentals do change with adoption, and use as a medium of indirect exchange is a fundamental utility in itself.
@_date: 2016-09-11 05:08:11
Even if what you say is absolutely true, it does not follow that they believe the way they do out of malice or conspiracy to shill for the state.  The reasonings (and evidence) necessary to arrive at either economic conclusion are both complex and nuanced.  I certainly agree that the neo-keynesian mainstream rejects a certain philosophical perspective, which sends them off the mark.  I don't agree that they have simply rejected what they see as validated prior work.  They have rejected a lot of theories along the way from a lot of now defunct or heterodox schools of thought, and have taken from those schools what they found to be in line with their paradigm.
edit: paradigm, not paradox
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:52:28
Copy. A 'then and now's statement; not simultaneously.
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:06:32
Do you mean: "non-monetary" or "use-value"?  Nothing has intrinsic value, in the context in which you are saying it.  
All value is subjective to the individual.  Network goods (like money) become more useful, the more others there are who hold or use or trade the good.  With money, the utility is having a medium of *indirect exchange* (allowing greater efficiency and diversity, unleashing greater divisions of labor, which happens to be very valuable to most people).  It's like having shares of a valuable network of trading partners.  
Even a bitcoin has some non-monetary utility and thus value (e.g. bling, social signaling, novelty, utility in contracting, utility of the payment network, since the token is inseparable from the particularities of Bitcoin's advantages in cross-border and censorship-resistant payments).
I think that what you mean, is that bitcoin isn't widely (apparently at least) used in valuable processes, which might serve as a backstop to it's fluctuating exchange prices (unlike, say, gold- which is demanded in the making of jewelry and electronics).  But gold once served as money and still circulates with a certain degree of monetary utility (at least as a store of value), which puts it's exchange prices far higher than they would be if gold were only demanded for jewelry and conductors.  These uses don't functionally serve as any kind of a backstop to the exchange price of gold (at least not to the extent that gold traders take any comfort in it, or would feel *okay* with having their investment drop down to those levels), and these uses comprise only a small part of gold's current exchange value.
So, in the end; it's really non-sensical to try to make a distinction between gold and bitcoin in this regard.  Gold has a long history of a high (and fairly stable) exchange price, because it served as a medium of exchange (and sometimes a store of value and unit of account also), and so there's utility in the ability to trust the mass psychology surrounding this physical commodity. . . but there is no more any *intrinsic* value in gold than there is in bitcoin: just a longer history and a few more visible uses which (if all else fails) might one day comprise the entire (relatively much smaller) exchange price of gold. . . whereas we might imagine that if bitcoin fails to gain traction as money, it could conceivably go to zero.  Not much comfort either way for holders of either commodity. . . but not much reason either to be skeptical of one and not of the other.
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:13:14
Right, I know what they intend...but they never can and never will be able to stop the economic forces which tend towards reduced transaction costs; if black market arbitrage doesn't turn the vouchers into defacto money...something else will take its place.
A reading of Graeber reveals how these types of credit systems are also exactly how money initially evolved. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 05:46:38
Why would you think that a voluntarily-entered-into contract is just like a state? Are you assuming that future generations are automatically bound by this contract? Or are you just suffering from the usual "social contract" delusion and you truly can't comprehend the difference between an explicit agreement made by individuals and that of a monopoly on legitimized force claiming rights over every individual who is unfortunate enough to be on their claimed landmass when they take power, and all subsequent generations born there?
Some of us are just as skeptical about the feasibility of startup societies as you...but our reasons stem from a study of political economy...not a romp through @_date: 2018-02-09 22:49:47
That's why you stop voting and advocating for laws against victimless crimes and generally empowering the state. The state will always be used by the most powerful in society and will grow their power.
Money laundering is pre-crime bullshit. It needs to die immediately. It will never serve to rein in corporations, and it will never serve to catch more actual (violent) criminals than it does to ruin the lives of peaceful people trying to sell cryptocurrency over-the-counter, or helping people self-medicate.
@_date: 2018-11-20 22:57:33
I've seen stats from the likes of Bitpay and others, showing the merchant adoption (they knew of) and it was higher back in 2012/13 than it is today. . .and many of the merchants who accepted it back then do not any more, especially because of the period of high fees and slow confirmations that we had leading to the last run up.
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:09:32


High deflation rates and shocks are unhealthy...but so are high inflation rates. Bitcoin on its own could probably never serve a large economy and be macro stable.  But, that is where banks can come in (particularly, we've seen free banking systems adequately accommodate demand for money, by issuing their own (fractional reserve currencies) on top of deflationary base monies like gold).  Its unfortunate that so much of the bitcoin community is anti-banking altogether (rather than being very specific about what they want to change), when really, there is very little about banking which will not still be required even in a hypothetical world where bitcoin serves as a base money instead of a fiat money.  Most of us were originally interested in the idea of a market money (vs. gov't fiat)...not trying to stick it to the banks, like a bunch of angsty teens.
The fear of a deflationary spiral is just as founded, for a money managed by a central bank which does not adequately respond to a shock (see: the great depression in the U.S. under the fed) as it is for a market-based banking systems. Shocks are what cause trouble...a deflationary asset like bitcoin could never become money in the first place via market processes (thus could never get to the point that its inelastic supply causes macro distortions) without banking and/or other mechanisms which provide short-run elasticity.


Sure, but equilibria are reached...a money could only remain deflationary at all, if the amount of goods and services the fixed amount of money is chasing are growing...the amount of goods and services isn't going to grow if people are only hoarding or sitting on their money...thus an equilibrium is reached.
See also: [my above comment](


That is indeed bad econ of them...but I don't often see that as being their argument. More like, a fixed money supply does not allow govt to apply an inflation tax on the economy. But of course, there's a lot of problems with assuming that the troubles stop there, as we've touched on.
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:11:42
People don't all like the same thing.  
Some people find opportunity in the volatility, or holding through it for what they believe will come of network effects (which the volatility helps coordinate).  Some people can't grasp the nature of money at all; some people don't understand that bitcoin is not yet money (hence such great promise and profit opportunity), and that the production of money on a market is aided by speculation. . . some people read about tulips and think they're smart now and are sure that that episode is just like what's going on with bitcoin now. . . some people can't explain why (with every chance and cause in the world to fail over more than 8 years) bitcoin has not yet failed and that each time it "crashes" it eventually comes back higher than before. . . some people have lost a lot of money betting against bitcoin. . . some people are losing out on a lot of profit (or protection of their savings) by not understanding bitcoin or being afraid of the volatility and ignoring the long-run prospects. Some people are wise to sit it out and wait and watch bitcoin and trust their particular circumstances and personal risk-tolerances, or be wary of their own lack of knowledge of how to property hold and secure bitcoin. . . but these people should not be criticizing bitcoin on the grounds of their personal preferences; nor should they attack and spread FUD, unless they are shorting bitcoin. . . in which case, they should not complain about the volatility. . .which profits them.
Some people should read below and learn something: 
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:45:43
That word "manipulate", I do not think it means what you think it means.
You can't stop or regulate this "manipulation" and have bitcoin continue towards its development as a market money.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:22:38
What seems to be a central theme with these type of bitcoin skeptics, is that they just can't seem to grasp the concept of an [equilibrium](
@_date: 2017-09-22 06:17:27
"My" cultish novel. I hated that book and couldn't get through it. It has next to nothing to do with why I believe what I believe.
Your straw man about me is as unoriginal as your assessment of the difficulties which will face startup societies.
Hint: just like with bitcoin, network effects are everything. And yes, even a bunch of anarchists starting fresh will fall into a lot of the same political traps and centralizations of power which characterize modern states...but anarchy isn't virtually non-existent because it is inferior or bad...it is rare because it is very difficult to achieve. In 2008, bitcoin was not a bad idea...it was just hard to even conceptualize how incentives would align, and it was hard to execute it, and the network effects have been hard won.
Nobody expects even a free/anarchic city-state to produce a standard of living higher than those in large western democracies (accumulation of social and physical capital has a larger impact than marginally less intrusive economic policies)...but that doesn't mean that there's no merit or value in trying (and in doing so, helping to produce a positive externality of more competition in governance worldwide).
@_date: 2017-09-08 06:14:41
You're confused.  You haven't effectively called me out on anything.  You've skirted my main point, and nit-picked on what I already admitted was an intellectually lazy comment; because this is reddit, not my doctoral dissertation.  
So please, go right ahead and call me on what you find wrong with the dis-logic of citing market failure as one of the "problems with capitalism".  Because, remember, that's what this whole thread is about. . .


Also you:




Supposedly my language was "strong" but your's wasn't?
I wouldn't call my language ("has empirically proven to be far superior")  strong. . . I would call it lazy. . . which I already admitted do.  But again, please by all means continue your sophistry and trying to deflect from the point that: as far as the discipline goes which is best positioned to come to an informed consensus on this fact goes (i.e. economists); there is a massive body of research supporting the opinion that, and wide consensus among economists that "capitalism" as it is colloquially understood, within the context of western democracies; is by far the best economic system for producing growth, wealth, peace, and prosperity.  
Additionally, you took my question and made some assumptions that are just simply not the case:


I didn't assert otherwise.  Don't confuse me asking the question as anything other than ferreting out from you what I figured (and was correct about) was your particular hang up regarding empirical work in the social sciences.
Economists are well aware that there are limitations to social sciences; especially in accounting for all relevant factors and variables, and not always being able to have a control or control group.
But you understand, right, that econometrics are a thing?  And that observational studies can approximate randomized experiments?  Also, there's a whole branch of economics dedicated to experimental econ.  So, no: the lack of a good control does not preclude empiricism.  Astronomers, as just one example (and theirs is considered a hard science) have to make observational studies quite frequently.  Reproducibility is a problem to some extent in all sciences (obviously it's going to be more so in social sciences). 
Most importantly; do you have a better way, or a better idea as to how to study social and psychological phenomena?  Just because imperfect; does that mean that there are a group of people who are more likely to have a better grasp or come to a better consensus than economists on issues of the production, consumption, and transfer of wealth?
If not, then what is actually your point? It's one thing to not jump to every conclusion drawn by every new study. . . but it's another thing to deny the validity of a very long-standing and highly uncontested consensus on the efficacy of capitalism and it's superiority over economic systems (and specifically what it has to say about the neo-socialist and anti-market non-sense that gets peddled and bandied about on reddit).
@_date: 2018-02-18 00:04:15
I feel like I'd be arguing in circles at this point as I've already covered your exceptions you're making, so I won't try to explain it another way. I would just recommend a discussion between two economists which may help break down the money illusion for you and the distinction between the problems of managing a money supply to avoid shocks or macro frictions; and how a modern economy (including lending and financial services) operate under a slow, steady deflation.  I avoided commenting on the former, until we could make ground on the latter.
(The second half will be most enlightening for you)
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:05:18
Everybody equates the maxims: "don't invest emotionally" and "don't invest more than you can afford to lose", as being negative statements; or meant to attenuate or limit investing in the asset in question.
But being overly risk-averse is a real problem for at least as many people.  In 2010, if you knew about bitcoin, you also should have been asking yourself: "Do I believe that this token has long-term promise for extremely high gains?", and "if yes, then how much money can I afford to lose where it won't have ruined my life in 10 years, but if it goes big, it will change my life for better?" "In 10 years, will a loss of a couple thousand dollars really affect my life that badly?"
For every sob story you hear of some idiot taking out a $100,000 loan against his home to buy bitcoin, and losing everything. . . there's probably 10 people who could have rationally "wasted" $1K to $5K of their money (even if they're relatively poor) on bitcoin in the early years, and they didn't and have missed out on life-changing financial independence.  
The initial pizza transaction, was of course a good thing, and was a necessary step to even getting an exchange price established at all for bitcoin.  Not dogging on laszlo or anything.   I just reject the popular notion that the bitcoin ecosystem is just filled with a bunch of get-rich-quickers, or too much risk-taking.
Risk taking and speculation are absolutely essential processes in the evolution of bitcoin into money; and in fact it is more and more people making risky bets on it which ultimately smooths the volatility and riskiness. . . too many people seem to think it's the other way around: that we all need to stop treating it like the lottery, and it will magically behave like a stable money.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:08:44
If you're not wealthy enough to be able to afford the loss of what you invest, but you insist on trying to day trade (even though every bitcoiner since 2010 has been telling you not to and to just hodl)...well frankly, you deserve what you get, and frankly the "unregulated" nature of these trading services is producing a social good: getting money out of those peoples hands and into smarter people's hands, who will do productive things for society with it.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:39:35
Just to be clear: I'm not denying that the silk road and other DNM's are (or certainly were) the primary demand driver for people spending and accepting bitcoin. Frankly, I'm not sure why so many people think that we would be embarrassed of this or are themselves turned off by that fact...but that's a tangent for another conversation.
What I'm getting at are the core mechanisms which help overcome the coordination problems of the token not having an agreed upon price, and a wide user-base...rather than which goods or services specifically have driven the adoption...I guess I consider those as proximate causes.  Most people who got in to buying drugs on the dark web, were already crypto-geeks, and/or brought in to the fold by the hype which surrounded the gains (and losses) being made in the space. The "understanding how to use and secure crypto" hurdle is higher than the "using tor to access a DNM" hurdle, and that cost of learning how to bitcoin was borne mostly out of interest in the novelty of the tech at the time, and the draw of the high-risk/high-reward lottery of holding coins or playing day-trader.  People have always come in droves for the hype...and then some stay for the useful applications developed or in development. The market didn't even crash much when SR was seized...and in fact quickly rebounded higher than ever.
In any case, are you simultaneously claiming that DNM's drove significan use of it as a currency, but also that "very few people use it as a currency, but rather to speculate"?  Not trying to attack; just understand what seems like an inconsistent (yet common) position.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:13:39
Good explanation btw, of how arbitrage is used to derive money market indicators.
If we circle back to the top, though, I think you should find it clear now why (if you're going to short) you cannot and have not used (non-existent) fundamentals to determine the state of the market.
You are better off gauging it by the community over-exuberance/euphoria and maybe a little TA.
Looking at it this way, and seeing bitcoin as a proto-money, may change your long-run animal to bull.
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:45:27


Not what I said.


Not sure how that's applicable.  As I clearly stated, "in equilibrium".  Economies never really reach equilibrium; but are in constant flux, in a never-ending process of equilibrating. Equilibrium is a useful thought-aid in economics.  You seem to be pointing to the problems of a shock or sharp change (which causes problems in changes towards inflation or towards deflation).  This is why I used the term "in equilibrium".  
Pointing to relatively deflationary (or rather, dis-inflationary) episodes within a secularly inflationary environment, or to an inflationary shock in a mildly inflationary environment, as you did, hardly proves or disproves anything.  Expectations and institutions themselves have to shift, in order to normalize and approach equilibrium.  The U.S. in the 70's was not in anything close to an environment where expectations and institutions had shifted to accommodate a more highly inflationary environment.  Transaction costs and market failures abound with sharp changes in either direction; and economists rightly fear short and medium term deflation upon our current environment (e.g. due to sticky wages, menu costs, etc.).
The argument here is theoretical, and/or based on a hypothetical future where bitcoin was and had been for a long period of time, a base money or reserve currency in a large economic sphere.  Bitcoin is not yet even money! [See here for why](
In that context, it is simply wrong to suggest that capital projects and growth (in real terms) can't possibly continue under slow steady deflation, as they would under slow steady inflation (again, there's other reasons why monetary policy is usually thought to best be slowly inflationary. . . but that is a whole other argument).
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:29:26
That's a fantastic question.  One which I've been asking too, ever since discovering bitcoin for myself in early 2011.  The problem is that the historical record of market monies is (in written history) so intertwined with the chartalist/taxation-redistribution model, that it's very hard to get a read on market money development, and certainly there's no good records of consistent exchange price comparisons.
It does seem at least intuitive, that market commodities which eventually grew in to roles as monies (or were adopted or coined by kings or priests), would have been far more volatile in their beginnings than they were as full-fledged, unit-of-account, money.  Let me know if that intuition is not as obvious to you and I can explain the thought process.
But of course, that's not evidence.  
The thing about money, too, is that it is such a powerful network good (so dependent upon network externalities) that it's existence, in different commodity and credit forms across the millennia, is almost a flow; an evolution, with each iteration relying to some degree upon the built up trust and network effect and *primed-pump* of the last; rather than just separate and distinct systems (though, those concurrent, but isolated monetary developments are common in the written history as well. . . money develops spontaneously to fill needs, all over the place; like cigarettes in prison camps, etc.). 
In effect, with bitcoin (or another of the competing cryptocurrencies), we may be witnessing a phenomenon which hasn't happened at a large scale or over a readily-observable time-frame, in written history.  And of course, once money became fully-intertwined with the state, and often forcefully monopolized; it's easy to understand why in more modern times, we haven't seen market monies develop, or that they have been hobbled and even persecuted and fail spectacularly.  Bitcoin or Ethereum or Monero might just possess enough of the right properties and decentralization of control, to be able to weather the direct and unintended persecutions and hobblings that the state creates for proto-monetary commodities on the market.. . but also maybe not.
Besides this, a proto-money commodity developing on a market faces immense [coordination problems]( or market failures, to becoming a fully actualized unit of account.
Given these two realities. . . what should be of note to everyone, especially to bitcoin skeptics, is that the exchange price of bitcoin has been [slowly decreasing in long-term volatility](  That's actually really amazing, and what skeptics need to answer is by what mechanism this is happening, and why they believe that this current boom and crash cycle is somehow different or more portending of complete collapse, than the last 3 or 4.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:09:31
"Because it is often difficult to observe intrinsic values in real-life markets, bubbles are often conclusively identified only in retrospect, once a sudden drop in prices has occurred."
Economists in fact avoid using the term "bubble" with things other than stocks, as it can't be technically defined, nor is "intrinsic value" even a coherent concept, but instead a term used in finance to indicate  historic ratios between stock price and p/e. Bubble is especially incoherent in regards to commodities.
Are bitcoin's rises and contractions very similar to past stock bubbles (and community over-exuberance)? Of course, but you're not showing why that matters and you're not showing evidence or reason of why these bubble-like cycles are bad or unsustainable or portend failure of bitcoin.
Bitcoin has had almost everything imaginable thrown at it over more than 8 years. If you can imagine something else that is novel that is likely to happen and show why you think it will cause a massive break with bitcoin's price cycles (which include booms and busts, but rarely crashing below previous crashes' lows, and characterized by slowly decreasing volatility), then I'm all ears. But the onus is on you...
Bitcoin and its proponents are no longer on the defensive. Bitcoin has proven itself. It is your assessment which is suspect now.
Please [read and educate yourself on why bitcoin is different than stocks or tulips, and can't be assessed in the same way]( .  you can't assess bitcoin without understanding money, network goods, and the coordination problems which plague the production of money on a market. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 06:07:59
I'm completely with you that bitcoin is not money and does not function well as a currency right now (for both technical and economic reasons).  But I think you and many others take the skepticism a little too far and miss a broader and more nuanced view.


Not quite.  People value bitcoin for some present utility (the use-cases that it has or had before fees got too high; the ability to access darknet markets with it, the international remittance use cases or proxy payment network for fiat currencies where they don't excel like in getting past borders and capital controls; and even ( if you're in a country with a hyperinflating currency),it can be a decent hedge or relatively good store of value. 
 But mostly people value bitcoin for its potential future utility: for its potential to become money (actualized unit of account, store of value, and medium of exchange).  What people always fail to realize about money, is that as money, the good ceases to be the unit token, but is instead the network good; or access to a network of trading partners. Alleviating the problem of the double-coincidence-of-wants and having a medium of indirect exchange is a good, a utility in itself.
A market commodity can't just start out in this position as money...it has to evolve into that position. There are coordination problems inherent to that process (roughly: why would I buy a token for use as money...when its not yet money or widely used in indirect exchange? Yet how can I get something to be a medium of indirect exchange, if a lot of people don't buy it and agree upon price(s)?  ) 
The volatility and rampant speculation you see is an inevitable symptom of this process of basically bootstrapping the token through this price-discovery process.  You can't program price stability into a crypto-token.


Sucks compared to what? And just sucking relatively doesn't mean "no inherent underlying value", it means less (even giving you the benefit of the doubt that you understand that there's no such thing as "inherent" value; all value is subjective to the individual)
We all know its volatile. This is uninteresting. What's interesting and important is that the volatility (over the long term) appears to be gradually decreasing, with the increased adoption and with more use-cases and transaction loops developing. And the bubble cycles appear to play a similar role as lotteries do in helping to produce public goods (or rather alleviate assurance problems in the face of free riding).


Depends what kind of investment you're treating it as. Nobody is promising returns. Nobody thinks this is a stable or low-risk investment.


As is the case with any commodity which has found monetary uses (beyond its other use-cases which don't stem from network externalities). This does not make it fraud or ponzi. Again, refer back to the development of market monies and the coordination problems with getting from mere token to money.


Having a medium of indirect exchange, common unit of account, and store of value is one of the most important and useful goods in society. Without it, we'd still be in the stone age. Money (like any other good) can't beneficially be monopolized; but must be in constant dynamic flux and position of competitive pressure bearing on it.


Again, the interesting thing (and the question that you skeptics need to answer) is: after 8+ years, and nearly everything being thrown at it...after many bubble and bust cycles (at least three of which have been greater in relative magnitude than this most recent bubble and crash, and it having rebounded an order of magnitude higher each time)...why should we believe you that bitcoin is like a house of cards? Why should we believe that this time its different?


Actually, it is the long-term holding which has paid off so far...its the noobs day-trading who always get rekt.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:57:50


I don't entirely disagree. The dollar and euro and yen, have been three examples of pretty good and stable monies, which were so, or benefited from the governments' backing of and central banks' management of these monies.
But this tells us nothing of opportunity costs; of counterfactual worlds where market monies are more freely able to compete in a free banking environment (no, the U.S. never had free banking but Canada and Scottland came very close....look in to those histories and tell me about all the runs and panics...if you can find them).
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:49:29
How does it store value unless it has utility outside storing value?
Or, who would adopt it as a store of value, if it's volatile? 
From Wikipedia:


So, while you and I probably have a kind of faith (or let's say, insight) into bitcoin's utility and how bitcoin is likely it is to retain (or grow) it's purchasing power into the future...this is not well understood or agreed upon. Most people will only store value in less volatile (and more tried and true) assets.
So, we still have a catch 22 of sorts here. But the market does have mechanisms by which to coordinate against this:
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:07:51
Didn't call you an idiot...unless you lost money day trading bitcoin, and that's why you want (ignorantly) govt to try to make it more fair.
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:48:54
But the important thing is: are you certain that the volatility and speculation don't play an important role, in bitcoin becoming money or at least ultimately less volatile.  
After all, if there's anything that's clear to us long-time bitcoiners; it's that as ugly as making this sausage has been, the volatility (despite the attrition) has been the most powerful and consistent driver of adoption (as in, creating more people who do actually spend and use it as currency, and develop transaction loops), than anything else.
You can't *program* stability into something, you know?  Without the force of government decreeing something as money, and a central bank to arbitrarily expand or contract supply, there's no substitute for trust and longevity on the market, higher market cap, and greater liquidity, to improve stability and create the kind of price expectations which might feed-back positively on the asset.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:48:34
What's unnatural about pump and dump? How many times are noobs going to fall for it and get slaughtered by institutional traders, before expectations change, or they listen to us long-term holders about how money forms on a market?
Look, if they want a perpetual gamble, that's their problem...but doesn't imply a market failure or a need for regulation.
@_date: 2017-10-24 12:01:29
And yet so many people complain that bitcoin is an unregulated wild west....and yet these same people also unironically complain that "nobody is using bitcoin as a currency, just holding and speculating!"
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:02:52
What the other argument also fails to understand is that in a deflationary environment, interest rates will rise, creating again in equilibrium, the same overall incentives to invest. 
Now with higher rates, there will be less borrowing on the margin, but this is offset by the larger stock of saving...in other words, borrowers don't need to borrow as much (because they have more savings to start with, and can thus afford a higher rate on a smaller principal): the stock of savings being what produces the commensurate rate of interest on borrowing.
Money is neutral in the long run.
@_date: 2017-09-22 06:23:13
I've failed tonight. I told myself before not to fall for arguing with 14-year-olds, but damn if you kids aren't talented trolls.
Oh, but hey, I hear your mom calling: she seized the means of production in the kitchen to make you your hot-pockets.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:34:46
"Manipulate" is such a loaded term in this context.  You can "manipulate" the market too, just not as much as a whale. 
Bitcoin markets need no regulation, as this kind of "manipulation" is actually [a force for good]( and you are simply an idiot if you keep falling for the "manipulations" and frankly deserve to have your money put into smarter hands...no regulation required to make this situation any better or fairer.
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:47:42
Didn't claim anything to the contrary.
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:51:32
I'm genuinely curious whether you think that social sciences in general (political economy specifically?) lack adequate control groups or if you're just calling out my admittedly lazy language in the last paragraph.
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:04:37
Because this is about money, not payment networks:
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:42:41
There is plenty of material here on (even OP), but your regurgitation of this often-repeated criticism:


Is the worst economics of all. What do you people even think that means when you say that something's value comes from speculation? How do you even think that works?  
So if I start speculating on this rock here, does my speculating itself give it value? No, but the rock does have value now, (whatever I just paid for it), and value is subjective (I might think the rock reminds me of my pet rock I had as a kid and so there's sentimental/nostalgic value in it for me; or rather, I *speculate* that if I obtain this rock and put it on my nightstand, it will be valuable to me in reminding me of fond times).
But this is not a value for that rock that many other people are likely to share (I.e. I'm not likely to be able to sell the rock to a lot of other people for the price I paid, or more). Value is value, and is not constrained to money profits or values...we can't help but speculate on everything we value and thus exchange for.
But what about, say, tulips? Lots of people started speculating on those in the 1630's, and paying higher and higher amounts for flowers which, they themselves didn't really want (not at least for direct consumption or at least their own incidental enjoyment of the flowers which sprung from those bulbs was not enough to warrant them paying that amount...at least not in a different context; a context where they didn't strongly believe that they could quickly sell that bulb for more than they paid for it in money terms).  But speculation itself, did not give those tulip bulbs value. Speculation is what people do when they perceive the likelihood of higher value, in exchange or in the future.  The tulip mania episode remains somewhat shrouded in mystery (or lack of historical evidence as to what exactly precipitated this seemingly irrational glut of speculation), but if you do your research on it, you'll find that most theories revolve less around a pure irrationality, but instead, a combination or perfect storm of factors, including unintended consequences of state policy, which kicked off the episode.  
Most importantly is this: a tulip or tulip bulb, doesn't really become much more useful or beautiful to people, the more widely and liquidly held it is...so, with the exuberance of the mid-17th century tulip trade; it was all but assured to come crashing back down to a price more in line with its historical norm.
But what about gold or bitcoin, or cowrie shells? Well, now we have goods which do not exhibit a lot of utility on their own, but which possess latent network good properties: these items, most especially a bitcoin, are to a high degree: fungible, homogenous, scarce, divisible, recognizable/hard to counterfeit, easily transportable/transferable, etc.  Tulips do not possess these qualities to a high degree...they don't make good money, even if everybody has some and wants more.
Bitcoin is not as readily or apparently (to most people) useful if just you or a few people hold some; and its exchange price/purchasing power between you few would necessarily be volatile...but, if you can somehow get a critical mass of people holding these virtual tokens; well suddenly (or in real life, gradually) you have an immensely useful *medium of indirect exchange*...money. And not just a money which is a direct substitute for your existing favored currency which already works okay as a medium of exchange and unit of account; but one which allows you to transact on a p2p basis, more privately, censorship resistant, and in many cases like internationally, more efficiently than you can with your present currency: now you have a money which is also a better store of value (in addition to a medium of exchange, and a now stable unit of account).
But to get from here (or especially, from bitcoin's more volatile begginings over 7 years ago) to the point that it becomes a stable unit of account, will take time...and lots and lots of speculation, which is the necessary price discovery process that it must go through in order to overcome the coordination problem; the assurance and free-riding problems, which necessarily plague a proto-money commodity like a crypto-token.
Now, you understand monetary economics. Now you can stop worrying and learn to love the volatility (or at least quit ignorantly predicting bitcoin's inevitable demise...just because, yes, the price is going to crash again). Because bitcoin, unlike tulip bulbs, actually benefits from the bubbles and crashes and that is why it has cycled in just this way; many more times already in the past, than your short memories can seem to account for...and each time, it crashes higher than previous lows, and rallies again higher than previous highs.
There is no guarantee, of course, that bitcoin continues along this pattern of boom/bust cycles...nobody is saying that. But you all completely misunderstand the mechanics of money and so you predict necessary bust, using an incorrect framework. The onus is on you now, not us bitcoiners, to give evidence for why bitcoin *shouldn't* continue roughly along its current pattern and trajectory.  
Speculation is not why bitcoin has risen so high...bitcoin has high future *potential value, and is thus speculated on.
Edit: for more on this, please read [this]( and [this](
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:14:13


Exactly. Because bitcoin is not yet money. So you cannot conduct a fundamentals analysis on it.
Bitcoin is also not issued by a country nor does it have an easily or geographically defined usership.  Even if we had a general idea and even if goods and services in this economic sphere were being priced in BTC, nobody is issuing quarterly housing report, PPI, there is no GDP to reference...and we don't even have a rough idea how many units of BTC are circulating, vs. burned, lost, or hodled.
Fundamentals analysis, forex-style is dead in the water. TA is what most bitcoin traders use because of this.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:08:44
If you're not wealthy enough to be able to afford the loss of what you invest, but you insist on trying to day trade (even though every bitcoiner since 2010 has been telling you not to and to just hodl)...well frankly, you deserve what you get, and frankly the "unregulated" nature of these trading services is producing a social good: getting money out of those peoples hands and into smarter people's hands, who will do productive things for society with it.
@_date: 2017-09-25 03:58:31
If they weren't somewhat transferable; you'd have to pay me to hold an iphone.
@_date: 2017-09-15 19:51:43
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:08:27
Thank you for being the person in this thread who gets it. Almost every other comment here is cancer.
@_date: 2018-02-15 22:25:50
Bull trap.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:59:31
Economists (and armchair non-economists who write these articles) have failed, abjectly, in understanding money as a network good, and hence failed to understand bitcoin.  They have squandered a unique opportunity to observe and study a market money developing, outside of (and in spite of) the chartalist roots of current money and state persecution of alternate monies.
These types of assessments are a dime a dozen and basically all conclude: "tulips!".  Because apparently, any time an asset appreciates rapidly and then crashes (including but not limited to the 2008 crisis, the roaring twenties and great depression, tulip-mania in the 1600's), it is all apparently borne of the same cause; cut from the same cloth.
The only cogent critique that these people can ever seem to come up with, at the end of the day is: bitcoin is volatile; therefore would not make a good money.  It's as if they think that all assets start out on the market with the exact valuation and liquidity as they will ever have. . .they act as if volatility was a function of the properties of the asset, and not an economic phenomenon, which is a function of a lot of things, but most directly, a function of market cap or breadth and depth (liquidity) of the market.  Furthermore, they act as if volatility serves no purpose.  
The ironic thing is that economics and finance actually do have the tools and the theoretical underpinnings to explain and understand bitcoin; but for some reason, these all seem to mysteriously disappear from the collective consciousness of even academic economists when they are asked to render their opinion on crypto and bitcoin.
Please, for the love of Flying Spaghetti Monster: please people, read [this]( and understand the fairly simple and explainable mechanics of the bitcoin phenomenon, and of money itself, and why: no, bitcoin is not like tulips or the housing market of the u.s. in 2006.
There is so much confusion in the bitcoin community about this very central theme, and an inexcusable ambivalence among economists.
@_date: 2016-09-11 01:36:13
Both.  Bitcoin is also considered a capital asset by the IRS, so you are liable for paying taxes on gains on the sale of the machinery (or claiming the depreciation), and then again when you sell or spend the bitcoin on anything (yes, that's sell OR spend).
Most people don't realize that governments like the U.S.'s are distorting/preventing the use of bitcoin as currency more than any of the other drama, like blocksize.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:46:33
Yep.  And if you find something which prevents you and others from building a competing alternative; you have just found either a market failure/inefficiency (which is itself just another entrepreneurial profit opportunity to broker or solve that coordination issue), or you have found the real source of force or fraud or inefficiency: government intervention...at which point, it's time to build something like Uber did, which routes around government's garbage systems (like taxi medallions) in a novel way.  And then if your company starts acting un-competitively. . . the cycle repeats (other entrepreneurs knock you off your pedestal).
It may sound like a "well, duh!" thing: but it seems like most people view this as some static, intractable problem. . . which has nothing to do with prior actions or prior government meddling, and the only thing to be done is to smash with the blunt hammer of government price setting, licensing, regulation, banning, subsidizing, etc.
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:13:00
My shoot-from-the-hip hypothesis (and based on what we've been seeing happen with the cycles) is that I expect to see the bitcoin cycles roughly become longer (longer period between booms and busts) and smaller in relative magnitude (smaller losses and gains percentage wise, even if larger in absolute terms).
With that perspective, I don't think it's helpful to try to compare the current rise to previous booms and think that, because this is going on longer, that maybe we've somehow broken the old cycles and it's never going to drop by 80+% like it has in the past.
I think it's more likely it will (maybe only, say 70% this time), but it will take longer to drop by that much, and hand out longer in the doldrums and take longer to rise again.
You can call this a "correction" I guess; but it's certainly no crash, even if we expect that crashes will be getting less spectacular than before.  I suspect there will be long periods of great buying opportunities ahead.
@_date: 2017-09-22 05:31:17
It just drives me crazy though when people think that government regulation protects them much better (not to mention, the mt. Gox thing may have been precipitated by federal agents and seizures; not to mention the huge opportunity costs of forced government regulation on a whole sector, however beneficial its primary impacts may be).
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:42:16
But this widespread belief that bitcoin is unregulated needs to die, because it is connected to the equally false belief that if(when) it becomes fully regulated, that it will become significantly safer for the lay-trader...or even continue to be able to be traded by the lay-person.
FDIC insurance on $ reserves is great...but it is actually government interventions and the uncertainty they have caused in these young markets, which has prevented insurance on crypto-reserves, and thus also prevented the imposition of 3rd-party auditing on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:41:24
Depending on your definition of capitalism, it doesn't really make sense to cite market failure as a failing of capitalism; especially since, most people would define, not only capitalism - but virtually any other system, as being impossible without some government controlled aspects and some market provisioned aspects.
So "market failure" plagues virtually all systems (as does government failure); but the particular balance of the use of these two methods of organizing society and distributing scarce resources, in capitalism; has empirically proven to be far superior (in terms of providing wealth, peace and prosperity) than any other system.
Thus rendering your critique meaningless.  
@_date: 2017-10-10 05:25:42
This is equally as moronic as the parent comment.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:36:15
The simplistic view is in thinking that government regulation costs only the cost of administration. It is in not seeing the market order and emergence of money through coordination problems. It is in thinking that what we currently see in terms of the lack of market discipline and insurances and audits, is a product of inevitable market failure, rather than the crowding out and stifling influences and regulatory uncertainty which governments have brought to bear on crypto markets. It is in thinking that giving government control won't just further advantage entrenched interests, who are already institutional and have shown over decades, centuries to be untrustworthy, or rather, have the wrong incentives in order to be trustworthy...whereas even in these stifled crypto markets (where government has already failed or refused to protect property rights) we at least see money leaving weaker hands, into the hands of people who know how to invest and build things for society.
That doesn't mean that I have no pity for people who lose...just as I have pity for gambling addicts. But at the end of the day, thousands of people like me, have been telling everyone, since at least 2011, to just fucking hold and to understand the proto-money nature of bitcoin and how it is going to swing up 3 steps and backwards 2 steps, the way it has been. At the end of the day, what's fair is for people to suffer these trading losses, just as much as its fair for others to gain.  The opportunity cost is not simply a more fair and regulated marketplace...with no other costs but some SEC or FINRA administration... Just one of the real costs would be to potentially lock development of bitcoin, such that it is stuck as a speculative asset and nothing more...and thus eventually withers and dies. And we are once again, left with a government monopoly on the creation of money and every brilliant college student and econ textbook for time immemorial will triumphantly conclude that, like so many other things, government is necessary to protect us from market failure to produce sound money. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 05:29:43
What are you looking for specifically? Clear evidence or ancient writings proving that gold or other monies arose first on the market and were then coined by kings or otherwise usurped by the state?
We do find [record of ingots and nuggets and grains circulating]( but that's the thing, pre-classical monies are really only known by the media itself, not by writings about it; so we have no way of knowing for sure, other than to infer that non-coined or non-regulated media of exchange commodities, are less likely to be the products of state-engineering.
I suspect that, like most economic phenomena, pure market money rarely if ever existed or didn't evolve perfectly linearly into chartalism...for the same reasons which we don't often see pure market orders without some state engineering.  Money is nothing if not a tool for and a function of the specific economies it serves. If bitcoin is to be one of the first or purest market monies, it will probably do so by serving the most anarchic portions of the world/online economy (as we have seen with the DNM's).
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:12:52


But that's not new. That has always been a threat, and there are already many coins with arguably way better technicals than bitcoin...and yet you're making the classic mistake of not understanding (or underestimating) network goods and network effects.  Network effects are everything (almost) and bitcoin has them. That's why the world is still on ipv4, and facebook; yet money goes even beyond these in network externalities.
Its not that I think that bitcoin's lead is assured...no, I expect markets to shift even to new money eventually; and bitcoin isn't even money yet.  But I think you're seeing ethereum, for example, doing so well; not just as a function of stealing some of bitcoin's market share; but because blockchain tech is creating new value and ethereum is filling a niche that bitcoin doesn't, and bitcoin is evolving towards filling the base-money role, where ethereum probably won't.
Anyhow, its not that I'm even contending that bitcoin can't fail...I'm simply saying that at this point, the onus is definitely on skeptics and detractors to explain plausible scenarios to undo what bitcoin has already succeeded at.  We have no cause nowadays to be defensive about it. These people can eat their words as their wealth erodes and ours increases.
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:43:33
I understand Moore's law; but my expertise with computational power keeping pace with blockchain rewards halving, definitely ends here.
I'd be curious if anyone has done any kind of a study to predict whether gigaflops per watt will increase fast enough to keep pace with blockchain difficulty, or fall behind (or outpace it for that matter. . . quantum computing anyone?).
@_date: 2017-09-21 04:29:03
Hmmm...labor vouchers. Almost like....money!
Its like when lefties thought that "the sharing economy" was somehow not capitalist.
@_date: 2017-09-03 01:25:44
Sure.  But. . .


Not necessarily.  Stability is somewhat self-reinforcing or path-dependent, and with more liquidity and depth to the market, as it grows, comes smaller and smaller fluctuations, until eventually people can start to actually *price* goods and services in bitcoin; and once consumer expectations center around BTC as the unit of account for the products they buy every day, that puts huge pressure and staying power against swings.  Menu costs, and price/wage stickiness actually help the bitcoin economy stabilize.  
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:16:03
Network effects, network effects, network effects. They are almost everything. The value of bitcoin is not in the blockchain, it is in the (hard won) community of consensus built up around it.
This is the hard lesson that all banking consortiums and ethereum pumpers, and bitcoin forks are going to learn, one way or the other.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:38:07
Thank you for getting it.
Bitcoin is more about creating a new money, than sticking it to banks. Money is about network effects (is the ultimate network good).
The only really important questions, in my mind, are empirical; wait and see: is bitcoin the MySpace or the Facebook of crypto (proto)monies? Will bitcoin accumulate the critical mass of network effects in time to become a unit of account money and quell volatility; become mainstream enough to weather the severe persecution that it will face from the state and incumbent industries who will lobby the state? Will 2nd layer solutions extend the speed and ease and utility of Bitcoin enough to make bitcoin's first-mover advantage hold over technically superior altcoins (in much the way that ipv4 has been just good enough, to be able to find work arounds to its limitations and ride on the immense network effect it has, or switching costs to ipv6)?
Banks can and will be currency-agnostic. States will not. Banks will still fill a useful role in economies long after (if) bitcoin were to overtake fiat as the base money.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:14:30
Define "bubble". 
@_date: 2017-10-19 19:32:05
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:02:45
So very correct. We haven't even gotten these new bitcoiners to understand how destructive just the IRS's tax classification of cryptos has been.  Imagine what happens if bitcoin were to circulate widely enough to create macro distortions or threaten u.s. dollar hegemony.
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:47:27
I don't know which new user to believe anymore!!
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:20:44
Genius, but I would still classify bitcoin as an idea whose time had come. The component parts had all been developed and Satoshi pit them together in a novel way (he didn't have to do significant development of the component parts).
One unappreciated point is that he used lottery (the miners' search for the nonce to earn a block reward) in order to solve a public goods problem (secure the network in spite of free riding). This is the essence of how the Byzantine generals problem was solved...its an economic issue, more than a computer science one...and it showcases or is a microcosm of how markets solve coordination problems like public goods. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 06:19:15
"Free market" is not a system. It encompasses any other system that is not your insufferable cult of force that you call the state.
@_date: 2017-10-01 20:49:22
Plot twist: Google is already that. We already work for the ai.
@_date: 2015-04-03 20:41:42
Take a good hard look at what is making it not simple: in almost every case, the process (especially acquiring bitcoin) is being directly hindered by government or the ecosystem is shaped into a less-than-convenient form, because somewhere up the line there is implicit threat from govt.
For the very same reason that OP is having to live a high-risk lifestyle and in the shadows, is the same reason why solutions to the few (very surmountable) ease-of-use challenges inherent to bitcoin are not ubiquitous.
Now go pray to your state-god and tell it to stop meddling in peoples' lives and creating unintended consequences everywhere.
@_date: 2015-04-14 06:55:14
People won't spend 10 minutes to find out about how they can get a new heater installed for free?  
You must know some funny people.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:58:23
No, but I just love the sound of my own typing.
@_date: 2015-04-11 04:32:27
Yeah, my own takeaway from Graeber is that he conflates: no evidence for pre-money barter, with: evidence for no pre-money barter.
My own guess is that, like most things, they evolved fairly parallel to one another....the one being initially barely distinguishable from the other (as you mentioned, the problem of ideal types), and any period of time actually distinguishably separating one from the other would have been extremely brief...indirect exchange being such an immediately graspable improvement over barter whenever a suitable commodity was ubiquitous enough. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:47:17
Sure I can...if they come back here all salty from their losses and then whine that there should be regulation to "make it more fair" (read: stifle ) the market.
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:07:39
Sure.  As for myself, I've never argued that there are no non-monetary uses for blockchain tech.....my rebuttals have been for those who specifically criticize Bitcoin, and try to separate the value of the token from the value (and I'd say intent) of the network.
That being said: central entities (or even federations) issuing blockchain shares of any kind are going to find it difficult to maintain a peg, or otherwise stop the independent valuation and arbitrage that's naturally going to take place over shares of a valuable network.
They may still find that it is impractical to separate the two, without centralizing control more than they originally intended.  And as others have pointed out, with centralized control, a blockchain is about the worst, most inefficient way to run a database.
@_date: 2018-11-20 20:56:21
I think I somewhat agree with what you're saying, but just to play devil's advocate here-


Is that necessarily true?  Or would they also maybe settle for an offer they can't refuse. . .such as another major, extended bull-run where they don't want to turn down bitcoin purchases because they know they can at least make some extra profit just by waiting even a little while to trade their coins for fiat, let alone maybe hold some for the long term?
Furthermore, if merchants need the stability in order to accept/adopt the coin, where does that stability come from, if not partly from they themselves taking the risk of accepting bitcoin, even when it's not stable?  Is this not still the catch-22?


It's been this way for quite some time. . . yet the surge of spending and merchant adoption we saw in 2012/13, quickly evaporated away, even though there was ease of spending and there were tons of merchants who accepted bitcoin (places to spend bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-04-26 19:53:55
Control over the mechanism of lottery is one of the ways in which the state has convinced it's subjects that people cannot voluntarily fund public goods to a satisfactory degree without governments.
Part of Satoshi's brilliance was in understanding that funding the creation of a new monetary system, and incentivizing the securing of the network was something of a public good, and so he used the mechanism of lottery in the search for a nonce and achievement of the block reward.
Edit: so tl;dr, good post.  and this is just some food for thought, and I hope we can see some type of system like what you are proposing, come to fruition for all sorts of purposes.
@_date: 2015-04-11 02:32:42
Yeah, someone had brought this up to me before (maybe was you).  Very interesting, and I'd love to see whether the altcoin in btc prices tend to follow their fiat price more closely, or the bitcoin fiat price.
@_date: 2015-04-11 00:54:33
I could be wrong too!  Maybe it will get just enough mainstream traction to garner political backlash....but highly unlikely for two reasons:
1. The rules and restrictions which are applied currently to Bitcoin, people believe are good, and legitimate, and productive.  Until they learn to mistrust the state itself, they will not learn to mistrust these types of intervention, and we will not be able to build institutions (quickly) which fill the role of the taxes and regulations (and/or do away with the cause of need for them)
2.  When trying to stem the tide of tyranny on the tyrant's playing field, it's always one step forward, two steps back.  For every little victory the politically engaged masses think they win (think SOPA or PIPA) there's 10 more proposed bills coming through legislation.  For every law we pass to put cameras on cops or trasparency in bureaucracies, they have 100 laws and statutes they can selectively enforce on us and 10 loopholes not yet exploited.  They can keep this up all day folks...it's their job.  And 1,000,000 people with $1, will never be as organized, motivated, and politically effective as 1 person with $1,000,000.  It's a public goods problem inherent to democratic rule-making.
No, until people learn that monopoly government is no different than giving Walmart authority and legitimacy to do all the things govt does, then the only mid-term way out of the mess is unfortunately to reap the societal disasters they are sowing and start fresh....but this time, with a whole lot more counter-economic and decentralized tools to fall back on and institutionalize (i.e. whatever governance emerges will be more likely to be less centralized and less coercive).
@_date: 2015-04-03 17:49:00
Use trusted friends in multiple locations, yes, but split the keys with SSS, and make sure that none of those friends know who the others are.
@_date: 2015-04-06 23:19:13


I'm pro bitcoin, and I used it every week. But lets not fool ourselves too much.
I agree, which is why. . . 


. . .what you said there makes sense.  I think it is misguided to see bitcoin primarily as simply a payment network (rather than as a commodity, trying to become a money).  There's no need to try to stick it to the banks and credit card companies with it; banks and credit card gateways and insurers will be many peoples' best friends in adopting bitcoin. . . and allow for the insured, negative balance (credit) lines, and ease of use, and yes even chargebacks, which comes from modern mainstream payment rails.
The important thing is that the bitcoin unit is held and valued as a commodity; and becomes a unit-of-account money.  If being a share of a very useful payment network called "Bitcoin" is what gives bitcoin the utility necessary to propel it to money status, great!  If being simply the backbone and transport layer for money between big institutions is it's niche, probably fine as well.  
Having said all that. . .


. . . both Bitgo.com and Greenaddress.it offer Multisig wallets with 2FA; and I know that Bitgo is insured.  Not sure about greenaddress.
So, it is not immediately clear, either, that completely new service providers like these, and other up and coming wallet software, won't be able to out-compete the traditional centralized services on ease of use and the other areas you mentioned.
But you're right, it is certainly not there yet.
@_date: 2015-04-10 15:33:23
Yeah, your mom's basement!
. . .
I, I'm sorry.  I don't know what got into me.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:21:59
If statists understood opportunity cost, they might not be so statist.
@_date: 2017-09-22 05:56:38
Ah, so cute...and ironic: a bitcoiner (A system which successfully prompts voluntary provision of security despite free riding and assurance problems) who took high school econ and learned about the public good nature of regional defense, is certain that it will be under-produced in a startup society with little to capture, and a likely umbrella clause with the parent nation.
You're not even terribly wrong; you're just unbearably predictable and cookie-cutter in your assessment and lack of desire to see anything different succeed and lack of imagination in how it could.
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:11:34
Yes, you keep saying that, but are offering no logic or explanation to back it up.  You seem to be ignoring what I wrote....so I'm not sure you really even understand what you're arguing.
I'll let another [user adress this](  more succinctly than I can.
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:50:03
You understand, don't you, that that is like saying: "all the soviets were against the party, until they needed bread or borscht" 
You can't claim that the markets cannot provide the things which government normally provides....while agents in said market are being expressly prohibited from providing those goods and services and/or capital and investment that would have been available for those things have been stolen away and crowded out....by said government.
Not to mention an entrenched culture of deferring to gov't in these matters and expecting them to provide these things, and industry tooled and set up to cater to gov't contracts, and not market demand.
@_date: 2015-09-22 07:00:02
Exactly.  I'm not even opposed to raising, maybe eliminating the blocksize limit eventually (ala Peter R's [work]( on transaction fee markets).
But these people who fret over a perceived immediacy for change to the protocol are only channeling the same sort of misguided thinking which leads people to believe that complex systems like economies or entire societies need centrally devised plans...that there must be some graspable directive and order to things, which can and should be enforced by some group.  They fear the thought of the reality that no one is in charge and that planning is decentralized and direction is an emergent phenomenon.
They cannot themselves imagine how the market of individual actors which comprise the bitcoin space will each adapt in their own way to rising demand for block space, and produce innovative ways to deal with the changing conditions...and profit by making useful work-around for others.  But mostly they simply mistake the nature of network goods and standards like the bitcoin protocol, in that conventional wisdom of making preemptive changes as centrally planned (whether by group consensus or dictatorial), may be wisdom in simple systems, but often leads to perverse results in complex systems, where the wisdom of crowds and the creative genius of millions of minds are only fully unleashed when the demands of the problem at hand truly become immediate, and organic consensual change is actuated.
tl;dr  plan ahead for yourself by preempting known knowns.  plan ahead for complex systems by producing value for as many others as possible and understanding that large groups in complex systems will have better resources and better incentives to solve problems at actual time of crisis.  Central planning is hubris, the pretense of knowledge and a fatal conceit.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:05:25


Because you wrongly perceive it as an "all regulations are bad" stance. I am in favor of market regulations and discipline...but these have been largely stifled (actively and as a matter of the passive crowding out which the state produces).


I don't see why they are shady people, or if they are, what it matters. Again, you seem to have fallen for the nonsense that volatility is bad.


Again, its not as much about over or under regulation, as what form those regulations take (I.e. getting rid of "manipulation" would not be a good thing) and the political externalities which always come from having govt (a monopoly) regulate something.
Market regulation does not mean self-regulation, that is an strawman. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 03:33:18
Man-boy love? Or theft?
Either way, I don't much care...you can all take your "normal" and stick it.
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:06:31


That's a little hard to understand, if you look objectively at acts which even the more liberal governments have committed....not to mention the more conspicuous perpetrators of democide and war throughout history....but you know, whatever.  In any case, it's not about trusting a company or companies over government; it's about trusting that, to the extent which government doesn't distort price signals: when company A screws me...I don't have to put up with it.  And when company A screws a lot of people, they are going down, and company B is getting more business.  


I've looked quite extensively.  What popularly gets called "deregulation" or "privatization" is about as much so as the Patriot Act is patriotic.
A government contract does not a market make.  And removing secondary or tertiary regulations, but leaving primary interventions and price controls in place will of course lead to some consequences which are worse than the alleviated regulatory burden.


Ahh, there it is...the old "I used to be libertarian" line.  "Libertarian" means a lot of things....from Bill Maher, to Anarcho-objectivism.  It's a tent much bigger than all of the other mainstream political philosophies combined.  In that tent, are as many misguided ideas as there are time tested and logically sound...and plenty of very superficially educated individuals who call themselves one.  I could easily ask you to accurately restate a premise unique to one of the more rigorous modes of libertarianism, and im fairly certain you wouldn't be able to.  Anyhow, for obvious reasons I doubt you'd submit to that.  Don't forget, I used to be a statist and I went through 16 years of your schools, and have lived in a society dominated by your ideas my whole life.  I can argue for your side as well as you can.


Oh dear.


Ahhha. AAHHAAhaha!
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  It really is tragic, but oddly hilarious at the same time.  I mean it's just so many things...and they are always the same things.  It really is like a game of BINGO.  And you could have read back no more than probably 20 comments in my comment history, and gotten a rebuttal for almost every point, practically verbatim; tailored for the very same assertions, thrown at me in the same way, asked under the same unfortunate paradigm.  And you might, if you're honest with yourself, see how far from corporatist I am.  It really is such a hopeful sign for freedom in the future....because the thin veil of state dogma is so readily apparent, and the relative ease with which counter-economic educational options are going to do away these indoctrination camps, appears pretty feasible in just a few generations.
You have a good one, and it was truly a pleasure having this discussion, and you have my full support in dismantling the military and MIC.
@_date: 2018-07-24 14:22:24
Gold has (a fair amount of) non-monetary use-value: in other words, what sustains its current (long-run) prices, is speculation about future demand for gold in jewelry, electronics, etc.
A bitcoin token has very little in the way of non-monetary use-value: you can't eat it, make anything out of it, serve many ends with it (it can serve the ends of novelty and technical curiosity, which were probably a large part of the initial bootstrapping of an exchange price for the token...but that's another tangent we could discuss).  You can't say that it is very useful for transferring value or running smart contracts...if the token doesn't have much or any of its own non-monetary value...it becomes kind of circular logic.
So how then does a bitcoin have value at all?  Because its exchange price is sustained by (long-term) speculation that Bitcoin can be bootstrapped into an actualized money (unit of account, store of value, medium of indirect exchange). Because once a token or commodity is ensconced as money; it no longer needs to reference other non-monetary uses for it to have value: a medium of indirect exchange is valuable in itself (alleviates barter inefficiencies), a unit of account allows us to better calculate opportunity cost and is useful in itself...a store of value is useful in itself, in short run inertia, but ultimately also must reference the other two monetary services.
In fact, all three are dependent upon, and feed back into, each other.  It is a highly tenuous prospect that bitcoin can be bootstrapped into position as a money...but if or once it does, it must serve to some relatively high degree as all three things, in order to have stable, self-sustaining monetary value.
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:48:40
Thank you Olivier, for helping to keep the community on its toes regarding centralization of power (especially development centralization) in the space.
Like the mining process itself, it is important that where democratic consensus mechanisms are used, work/sacrifice/payment is required in proportion to one's votes, in order to create the best incentive structure possible, by ensuring that there are opportunity costs to create the conditions of rational calculation of use of resources.
tl;dr  you're doing it right.
@_date: 2015-04-04 10:45:59
You understand, don't you, that with a high degree of network effect existing around a protocol; every second that ticks by, and every node or miner added, it becomes more and more politically and technically infeasible to make changes (hard forks)?  Think: ipv4 to ipv6....except harder for several reasons.
Except for the most dire of circumstances (e.g. some black-swan like bug, or volume crashing against the block size limit), most hard forks are already probably infeasible to make. Otherwise, the devs would be actively working towards implementing actually major changes, like effective anonymity at the protocol level (as that was originally the main goal and hope for the direction of the code).
For better or for worse (I would say, out of necessity), development of the core protocol is becoming increasingly irrelevant.  Everything above that layer has already been, or can easily be monetized.  Besides, most of the work on bitcoin (including the original code) did happen "ad hoc" as you say; so it is silly on its face to suggest that no other incentives exist to get important work done.
Far worse than the prospect of code stagnating (which its already going to happen anyway), is the danger of malicious actors (or well meaning ones with really economically or politically incorrect ideas) using some crisis, and a turn-key institutionalized access to development like the bitcoin foundation was shaping up to be, to slip through changes into an update that are not given enough time to be properly vetted by the community.
So, in much the same way that we bitcoiners value the Bitcoin network's decentralized, trustless model, even though a centralied service could easily offer a better service in terms of a payment rail (think speed of confirmations, ease of use, etc) yet we still prefer Bitcoin; beca use we value independence and freedom, and algorithmic issuance, and decentralization more.  In much the same way; many of us value the security and stability which can only come if there are a wider array of  full node software out there, preventing any single center of development from having the opportunity to push their agenda through without lengthy vetting and discussion, more than we value dedicated devs who can push updates more often.
Let innovation happen at the edges.
"Who would pay the devs?" is the wrong question to ask.
@_date: 2018-07-11 07:13:51
Please change the law. It is quite literally the biggest single factor keeping bitcoin in the realm of short-term speculation only; as nobody but the most ideologically-driven would ever adopt a token as a new *everyday-spending-and-earning* currency, if they have to massively complexify their tax filing at the end of the year, and daily track the basis and profit/loss on every single little transaction, across all the many wallets and services which are necessary to use bitcoin.
If you people refuse to change your laws, people will go dark, and will create a massive international online economy which is completely opaque to law enforcement.
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:22:25


That's only true with a 2-dimensional view of an economy. The hoardings of today are the dishoardings of tomorrow. Nobody sits on cash in order to never use it. People save to buy things...including capital investments to start and grow businesses. Firms in a deflationary environment might finance capital investments 75% from savings and 25% from loans (whereas today, that might be closer to the inverse). What matters is the level of capital investment...not just that lending continues at present levels. Lending is a means to a growth end; an end which can also be satisfied partially by savings.
 


Not really.
@_date: 2015-04-03 19:10:06
Oh, I agree....they've just stopped it from being legally useful.  Another crash or two and most folks won't care much what's "legal" anymore and things will really get interesting with crypto.
This was always bitcoin's primary value proposition....to become a full money and to deprive government somewhat of its monopoly on money and some property rights enforcement.
@_date: 2015-09-06 23:15:39
I hold because I understand that bitcoin is not yet money, and I understand the massive utility a bitcoin unit will have as money (rather than as the proto-money commodity and mere proxy currency it is now).
So I discount the present and put a premium on the future.  That's all there is to it.  Anything else is just deferring the same behavior (using bitcoin as payment network only. . . as proxy for fiat money).  It all comes around to that same thing, one way or another.  Convincing ourselves to spend will just spur (at best) another somewhat contrived merchant adoption phase as we've already seen come and gone, which ultimately doesn't cause people to hold or use as money. 
I will spend my bitcoins when other people, merchants, etc. offer me something in exchange which I value more than my bitcoins. . . so far, I'm not seeing anything offered that's remotely in the range.  They obviously don't want my bitcoin, they want my dollars.  They obviously do not see the much greater future value and utility of bitcoin as a monetary unit.  They don't hold, and that's understandable as its not their business to speculate and invest (they leave that up to others. . .which simply leads one to conclude that they should have their appropriate people invest in holding bitcoin).
The only reason for merchants or investors or anyone else to not flip their coin into fiat is because they believe it has greater future value.  Full stop.  There is no way that I know of, other than introducing forward-thinking entrepreneurial minds to bitcoin, to get more people understanding the future value of bitcoin and holding.  
Your proposal only seems to make the case that if bitcoin price is rising, people will hold because they can (and are used to) living off dividends and holding on to or reinvesting principle.  But the price doesn't rise until more people first understand the future utility.  Your proposal only seems to defer and elevate or possibly complexify processes that are already happening.
There is no shortcut.  Creating a new money from a commodity on a market is subject to many of the same problems as public goods:  The benefits of having a money in the market are non-excludable, and the marginal use of the money system is non-rivalrous, and in fact increases the value of the whole system.  
So, in a way. . .the buttcoiners and many critics are correct about the nature of what we're trying to do here:  from a certain (shallow) perspective, we're all trying to *will* this thing into enough liquidity and value and ubiquity, that it becomes (is bootstrapped into) the fully actualized money we believe it can be.  But there is nothing to be ashamed of in this admission:  it is acknowledgement that it requires a massive, collective, action, in the face of some free-rider incentives and high-time preferences; and forming a culture and social movement to voluntarily (without a central command and control structure forcing it to happen) make that happen.
There is no other way for bitcoin to become money, and there is little long-term value for bitcoin if it does not become money.  Centralized (or even other decentralized) payment networks are already, and will increasingly, be able to offer almost all the features (plus some that bitcoin and other decentralized ledgers can never match) that bitcoin can offer, which entice merchants and most consumers.  That ship is sailing.  It is high time that more people, at least in the bitcoin community, understand the real potential of bitcoin and understand money and how it comes about on a market, and how destructive government money is, and how much better having a market-based money can make things.  
There is no other way:
Hold.  Teach others why they should hold.
@_date: 2015-09-26 00:24:06
Needs more widow's peak.
j/k  very nicely done!  
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:39:49
Hey, thanks for posting.  This is really great stuff, and I'm impressed by the clarity of thinking by your professor.  I think he/she misses a few points and falls back on some unecessary aggregates, but that's to be expected in a macro course.  
Pages 1,2, and 5 are really important and I wish more popular discussion revolved around bitcoin's moneyness.  Whether bitcoin will become money is the real experiment going on here.  Money itself is a network good...but the production of a money (i.e. the market coordinating and agreeing upon a new money and it's price) **is** a public good.  That is the primary challenge in front of bitcoin, and why hoarding/holding is rational and useful toward that end.
@_date: 2015-04-29 16:15:18
Yep.  It's like ArbitrageNet.  And guess which token gets adopted most widely as money when one token serves to connect all the others?  (hint: not national currencies)
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:48:45
You can call it whatever stuff you want.  When everyone is talking about stealing, and pretending it's normal...I'm gonna call them out, no matter which crowd I'm in.
You may think of it as a libertarian bent...I just see it as being decent and expecting others to be so.
@_date: 2015-04-12 16:07:27
Money is the ultimate network good.  It lives or dies by the strength and size of the network.  There is a chasm between a commoditie's use-value and having the network effect to achieve a monetary value.  Bitcoin is not yet money.  We're trying to bootstrap bitcoins into monetary status.  This experiment may fail...other commodities in history took hundreds of years to emerge as monies, and they had relatively higher use-value (or at least more obvious non-monetary value).  On the other hand, a bitcoin has far better monetary properties than any other money commodity before it....but there is a huge amount of growth in liquidity and demand to hold and price, necessary for bitcoin to achieve the network effect and stability necessary to be used as money.
It's price must necessarily be many times higher than it is now (assuming it's not only going to be exchanged by machines at such high velocity that a lower market cap can support a wide enough network).  If it does not reach monetary status, it is highly unlikely that there is a long term use for, and thus incentive to hold or to mine, this particular blockchain token we call "bitcoin".
Zero or moon.
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:34:34
Let's definitely not encourage them.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:37:39


That completely ignores a few things:  1.  that the real (small startups) and/or latent competition have done their job (i.e. prices dropped, even if only for a time) and consumers benefited.  2. that a big company can't simply keep doing this without running out of capital and making themselves uncompetitive.  3. that, almost no matter how high the fixed costs of starting up in an industry, that relative to these costs, the startup VC is going to have factored this into their expected period of return, and refuse to sell, as they can just as easily forecast the higher profit opportunities of the long game.  4.  that there are dis-economies of scale as surely as there are economies of scale; startups often have some comparative advantages over incumbent industry and/or are not competing on exactly the same grounds.
Some or all of these factors often get distorted or destroyed whenever government gets involved; thus the outcomes you observe are not the workings of unimpeded markets, but of distorted market signals, and sometimes outright bans on competing.  Importantly, the distortions often don't come directly from explicit regulation, but are unintended consequences of government interference in other areas and from lower layers of intervention (e.g. Broadband competition suffers, not just from direct municipal grants of monopoly, but also from things such as the FCC's monopolization of RF; thus the market has not been able to reallocate bandwidth to what consumers would surely have demanded by now: away from police, TV, military, etc, and given to  internet).


Money and power will always have an advantage over those with less, and there will always be an organizational public goods problem of the masses being able to and having incentive to coordinate on opposing bad law lobbied for by powerful interests.  The trick is to not centralize power.  To not give big business (most of which were enabled by big government anyway) any central power to lobby in the first place.


It's really interesting you say that, and sad how many people think this way.  Do you not understand that centralized coercive entities are incapable of rational economic calculation?  Leaving the market be is in fact, the only non-arbitrary way to determine what consumers desire and provide the best likelihood that those demands are met. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:44:58
There is a simple, big-picture way to look at the problem:  With centralization and large scale; time-scales for failure are typically longer than what peoples' memories serve them well for (and probably scaled so intentionally).
You could say that Bitcoin's success is predicated upon failure of the centralized system...but you must also say that it's lethargy (and possible failure) are predicated upon the persistence of the same.
It's like the difference between taking out a giant societal loan for a vacation now; and sacrificing and saving for one later.  Centralized, and often coercive social conventions solve problems fairly well, in an easy to grasp way, with few up-front costs...and susceptibility to black swans.  
Decentralized and market-based solutions, can't be fully planned, are often paradoxical and difficult for most people to grasp, and require more time and deferred consumption up front....but far greater returns in the future along with more robust stability.
Education can help people to lower their relative high time-preference, but ultimately the debt coming due will drive people to safe havens and anti-fragile systems. The way the world is now, can be more easily seen for the aberration it is, when we don't assume that a few generations time-frame is statistically significant.
@_date: 2015-09-24 07:01:32
While I don't agree with the mentality of those who believe that bitcoin users benefit from formal government oversight and regulations; I don't think that's right to blame victims of fraud and theft for running to the only source of law enforcement and chance at restitution that there is.
The problem lies in the fact that the government has a monopoly (or near monopoly) on law, law enforcement, judicial services, regulatory mechanisms, and investigative services.  The market has not been able to function in these spaces and evolve solutions to deal with the new challenges and incentives which bitcoin brings to its economy of users.
A culture has been produced which teaches entrepreneurs to steer clear of trying to produce solutions to problems which fall anywhere near the realm of government enforcement agencies' activities.  A culture of deference to government to watch for and protect the consumer from scams and theft, has been thoroughly inculcated into the population (i.e. buyer beware is not functioning and the moral hazard which follows).
Where market solutions (such as reputation markets, insurance/actuarial oversight, and general discipline through competition) might shine through the few cracks in the pavement of government control, the development of such has been immensely hampered by huge regulatory uncertainty (especially in the U.S.), existing banking laws and regulations affecting insurers, existing AML/KYC laws and state-level regulations such as NY bitlicense levied against bitcoin companies, various and seemingly random legal persecution of actors in the bitcoin space (from the seizing of assets and mysterious gov't involvement at gox, to the MIT student project being prosecuted by a NJ court, to jailing of innocent people such as Charlie Schrem, and many more).  Just the tax code (i.e. bitcoin is a commodity to IRS) has made it completely impractical to use as a currency.  OTC bitcoin sales are either in a no-man's-land or straight up illegal without insanely expensive licenses and onerous requirements which no mere mortal can comply with.  Coinbase and Circle are nothing if not totally predictable outcomes of the nature of the state and the particular ways which it has intervened thus far.  They are the other side of the coin, so to speak. . . they are what you get if you think the world needs only thoroughly regulated and tightly controlled firms to dispense and broker bitcoin to the hapless and unaware masses.  Sure, they're probably pretty safe from direct fraud and theft from Coinbase/Circle, but at a huge price also in terms of complete destruction of privacy/anonymity of their coins from the start, and imminent possibility of seizure and theft from gov't for whatever reason they concoct.  Not to mention the constant freezing and shutting down of accounts which these companies frankly are forced to do, due to the nature of complying with their KYC/AML regulations. 
And this is just comparing the results of the regulated sector with the *supposedly* "unregulated wild west" sector. . . which again, does not exist and fails in its own ways (you be the judge for yourself which is worse) for the reasons I outlined above.  And this is just in the U.S.
The people who still talk of the bitcoin space as if it is (or ever was) some kind of wild west free market and squarely blame the "free market" are, frankly, straight retarded.  There is no other way to put it.  There is no other excuse for their outlook and ignorance.  
@_date: 2015-09-06 23:17:59
Actually, it is most properly, very much, a lottery ticket (and a currency).  Lottery or chance, is one of the mechanisms of markets to produce public goods.  
See my [other comment in this thread](
@_date: 2015-09-13 19:49:58
True, but they bear costs to their legitimacy as well, with every petty jab they take at peoples' ability to interact the way they want.
Every time they discredit/smear or ban or infiltrate some service that benefits even just a few people, that's a few more people who begin to see the giant pseudo-religious fantasy that is trust in gov't control.
We can keep popping up new agoristic tech and services all day.  Every time they clamp down, their sector of the economy gets more and more stifling and undesirable, and the black/grey markets that much more appealing. 
@_date: 2015-09-12 08:07:50
I really think it just needs a core group of holders/entrepreneurs who understand this, time, and a few more price boom/crash cycles.  The boom and fomo create the new demand as much as new demand creates booms.  It's hard to say what exactly triggers the booms or bubbles, but I think they (and ensuing volatility and price corrections) need to be embraced...I believe they need to be understood (in part at least) as a kind of lottery-like mechanism which the market is using in order to produce a public good.
Individually, of course, you're right: the question is harder and more nuanced.  Do you just hold, do you need to evangelize, do you need to build or support development of innovative tech layered on the blockchain?  Does a particular view of block sizes and node centralization need to be adopted?  Must better anonymity be built in at the protocol level for fungibility?  Does bitcoin need a mainstream accessibility or just black market and niche base?  
Maybe I'm naive, but my intuition says that if the smartest among us (the core group of holders and developers and entrepreneurs) have even a basic grasp of the importance of bitcoin as money; then the spontaneous ordering of the bitcoin ecosystem will tend towards the unit becoming money.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:14:32
You epitomize the problem inherent to having one entity (like government) monopolize, regulate, or nationalize any good or service:  you can't think of a solution, therefore you insist there is none.  How about you let like a million minds, with direct financial stake in it, work on that problem?
Furthermore, even if your scenario were the only way in which to deploy pipeline or otherwise get competing broadband into the last mile, you have not shown that "every utility company digging up the streets to lay their own lines" is necessarily worse/more costly than the present situation of municipally sanctioned 1 or 2 companies doing that, plus the additional costs and disutilities which have come from that monopoly or duopoly.  
I mean, the way [you statists have been bitching about Comcast throttling some traffic]( you'd think it was the end of the world, and that you people would gladly trade the inconvenience of a little more road construction over the present alternative.
Like a real world demo of what even a much less capitalized society than ours can do with a bit of freedom?
[Look at Romania](
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:01:50
This is the second most thoughtful comment I have ever received . . .  ;-p
But really, thank you and too kind.
@_date: 2015-09-22 04:28:02


Most important line in the whole thing.  People totally forget and take for granted what u.s. tax law (and other regulations) have already done to hamper bitcoin's progress.
@_date: 2015-09-16 21:58:46
What can I say: I'm old school and never could get used to accounting in bits.
@_date: 2015-09-22 03:59:19


Plot twist: this AI was smarter than hacking some system to obtain money...instead it operated under the pseudonym of *Satoshi Nakamoto* and got humans to begin placing value in the tokens of a new monetary system it created.
Bonus writing prompt:  everything was going perfectly; the humans were progressing along the price discovery course which its algorithms had predicted, with boom and bust cycles approximately every 260 days...until, in 2013, it encountered other bots in the network, behaving....strangely.  Months of back-tracing IP's and blockchain regression analysis finally reveal the true nature of the AI's arch-nemesis: Dogecoin.  A creation of the NSA.  Few know of the war that rages between the AI's and their DAC's, in the spaces between the blockchains!
@_date: 2015-09-08 04:39:15
@_date: 2015-09-07 21:42:15
There's nothing wrong with Bitcoin becoming the best, most useful payment network it can be...however, that is not bitcoin's primary value proposition.  Bitcoin's utility as a payment network is one means towards a much more important end: money.
Bitcoin as a payment network certainly offers certain characteristics which are hard to match with centralized payment services...but in most ways that mainstream consumers and merchants care about (speed, cost, user-friendliness), decentralized/crypto-currencies are at a fundamental disadvantage.  I warned people here long ago that they would be dissapointed in bitcoin if they kept focusing on it as simply some kind of decentralized paypal...a way to stick it to bank and credit card fees.  There are certain elements of the community who have no sense of bitcoin as anything other than payment network, and there are some proposals for the protocol which potentially hurt bitcoin's ability to become money, in order to prioritize immediate realization and prioritization of bitcoin's full payment-network utility (and no, I'm not dogging XT or BIP101 as a whole specifically).
Let me know if you want to know more about bitcoin as money, how market monies develop, and why having a market-based money is preferrable (for most people) than government fiat money.
@_date: 2015-09-11 04:58:08
I don't think people really get what I'm saying when I say that "money" is the killer app.  
You see, bitcoin is not yet serving (widely) as money:  it is not the unit of account for any significant sphere of economic activity that I'm aware of, it has small-but-growing utility as store of value, and great utility as medium of exchange.
But, as you basically illustrated with your comment; bitcoiners are not usually thinking of all three aspects/requirements of money.  Everyone is too caught up focusing on *Bitcoin-the-medium-of-exchange*, or in other words: *Bitcoin the payment network*.  This is an important aspect of it, and worthy of making it as useful as possible. . . but it is ultimately a means towards and end, not the end in itself.
People need to understand the much much greater utility and value that there is to be had in actually bootstrapping the bitcoin unit into a fully-actualized money, and what that means for the empowerment of people to save, of entrepreneurs to more rationally calculate, for all of us to evade government theft through inflation and also from confiscation and capital controls, and to fully enable the power of the globalized economy which has been so long held back by the artificial separations and exchange inefficiencies  caused by nation-states and their fiat currencies and their petty interests.
Very few users here now realize that bitcoin is not yet money, and the implications of that.  Nearly everyone is disillusioned with bitcoin because they (as I predicted long ago) think that it is fully actualized in its current state, and that basically all that's left to do is scale with growth.  But that's not the situation.  There is still a massive public goods problem to be overcome in bootstrapping bitcoin into money.  If you think bitcoin is just a decentralized paypal. . . you're in for a rude awakening when (and it's already happening now) centralized payment networks start running circles around almost everything that Bitcoin-the-payment-network can do.
Nearly everyone has forgotten that achieving an exchange value for bitcoin (initial price discovery), was just the beginning; it was just one step towards a much larger and longer-term goal (often summed up as "bootstrapping") that originally excited those of us who have been around since early on.
Most of us have already got plenty of affordable and capable payment mechanisms.  What the world really needs is new, better, market-based money.  A common unit of account.  A trustless store of value.  The fact that bitcoin units also enjoy their own built-in payment network, Bitcoin, is only ancillary to bitcoin the money and is in fact a fundamental necessity (given that people have previously used physical goods as money/ledger units and the physical world gave us a payment network built-in, i.e. sneaker-net. . .but bitcoin being digital or virtual needed to provide it's own mode of control and transmission between the physical and virtual world, hence the payment network aspect).  But that says nothing as to whether Bitcoin's payment network must necessarily be the only or primary means whereby to transact the bitcoin units.  The important thing is that those units become the most saleable, most ubiquitous commodity: money.  
@_date: 2015-09-20 07:03:36
Did you statists really think the BoE was interested in bitcoin?  Behold the height of reckless keynesian insanity.
When will you people get that it's not bitcoin-as-payment-network that makes the tech useful and interesting and valuable and most importantly: societally-beneficial?  Like anything, the underlying blockchain tech can be used either way.
What's interesting and useful and valuable are the properties of bitcoin which make it easier to, and inspire actors on the market to, bootstrap a wholly new **money**, seperate from and beyond the direct control of government and central bank (and some regulatory) fiat.
Everything else about bitcoin is auxiliary to that purpose.  If you don't grasp that, you will (if not already have) become disillusioned with bitcoin because of shallow, petty little concerns over whether it can immediately scale to accommodate 3 billion morning Starbucks transactions, or fret about the public image and use in black markets, or whether grandma can use it yet, or whether debates in the community are too divisive.
Have fun redeeming your quid for BoE's SeignorageCoin.  You can bet on them making it pretty and user-friendly and highly accomodative of high transaction rates, just for you.
You will all sleep soundly knowing that wise economist technocrats are dictating the supply and value of your money, GCHQ is watching every move you make like a Police song, and just the right interest rate signals are being sent to the economy to ensure malinvestments into higher and higher stages of the capital structure to enjoy generations more of demand-side-induced oblivion.
@_date: 2015-09-26 00:16:18
I agree.  The reality is probably something along these lines.
But if I've also learned anything in life its that intelligence is a highly compartmentalized thing.  People who are geniuses in their field tend to be complete idiots at a lot of other stuff.
@_date: 2015-09-20 06:04:58


I would say that [coerced] regulation, does not protect people to the tune of more value than what is lost through the theft used to fund the regulatory system, and the unintended consequences of forcing the regs on all.
Otherwise, great post.  At a certain point, the state's means become frantic and sharp enough that people begin to recognize the source of their society's disintegration, instead of the causes just getting lost in the noise and gradualism.
This was always going to be the way it was going to go for bitcoin in the US. 
@_date: 2015-09-24 16:04:08


TL;DR:  if you're going to blame lack of gov't intervention for the results in the bitcoin space, you're wrong, and you should feel bad.  The political and economic structures of the world desperately need changing; but no, I don't expect or think that will change overnight or that bitcoin alone could possibly affect all that change.  But the market mechanisms driving change are slowed, and sometimes stopped by the interventions I referred to.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:30:40
mmkay Pumpkin.
@_date: 2015-09-22 08:02:29
I've often thought that the primary source of oracles would be decentralized prediction markets (like future versions of Augur).
Somewhat unrelated to this, I see some judicial and arbitration services becoming something like the two parties airing grievances publicly and all evidence, and then by using a smart escrow, agreeing to an arbitrative, crowd-sourced oracle, which controls the third private key releasing restitutive funds or funds held as bond to the exonerated or vindicated party.
@_date: 2015-04-11 01:35:52
I think the reason some Austrians portray it this simplistic way is that (although we have limited anthropological evidence of the development of money), there is reason to suspect (in more recent examples where money was for whatever reason not available and or not used) that commodity money can grow out of barter in this way, and that it is individually and societally rational, and more efficient.
And yes, I'm well aware of the work of David Graeber and others who contend that barter never existed before money.  Please understand, I am not arguing either side here...but what I am trying to explain is in what way the anthropological evidence just isn't that important to the austrian perspective...which was originally combating claims that money was impossible without gov't. 
And that's really all Menger was trying to do when he developed his theory of money: show a logical way in which money *can* emerge spontaneously, as opposed to by fiat, or centrally issued specie.  
His theory does not preclude money emerging in other ways: including by fiat, credit-based systems, or other market processes....such as what we see happening with bitcoin right now...a social willing of a new money into existence, and using the lottery of the mining reward to help produce what is essentially a public good.
@_date: 2015-09-16 21:09:33
This is correct answer.
3 mBTC
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:09:59
That's just it.  I don't think the U.S. federal or state governments would ever do that. . . which is why we are in the situation we're in now.  People fall for the gradualism of their approach, and they are duped by the perception of law and procedure being followed, etc, etc.
Whether or not there is any active, or conscious conspiracy within government to persecute the Bitcoin community or to stop Bitcoin, is almost irrelevant: their strategy (again, whether intentional or not) is very effective; seize (read: steal) bitcoin assets, indict major bitcoin players, create havoc at exchanges and other businesses for  bitcoin users and the bitcoin price, classify bitcoin for tax purposes as something that cannot be possibly used now as currency and people reasonably comply, create an environment of fear (i.e. define as MSB) even the smallest of participants, including those just selling a few coins on LBC.
All these things, together, have effectively killed legal use of bitcoin in the U.S.
No ban necessary.
And this way, the masses continue to eat up whatever shit they're fed by the government, and will not protest in the streets, and will not consider just defunding government. . . which is really the only peaceful way out of this mess.
@_date: 2015-04-08 16:04:27
I think more likely is that this post exists because exists. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:30:56
Okay, I get what you're saying there, and I implied as much in my first comment in the thread that I don't know whether this is feasible or not.  But neither of us have run the numbers.  And you keep saying: "mining value would be effectively zero", as if that were a tautology inherent to the physical makeup of the universe or something.  You're not explaining why, or what factors you believe would render this less cost effective than just using traditional heaters in all cases.  Yes you're right that traditional heaters are going to be more efficient per watt than any asic miner, and that any heater made of asic miners is going to be more costly than a traditional heater per btu.  So I agree that we don't know for certain whether there would be any significant advantage to making friggin' heaters out of asics. . .
But look at it this way:  miners' margins are very low, for reasons which I'm sure you are well aware of.  But consider that heat is a huge liability to them, not an asset and it is an additional cost for them to remove that heat which eat into their already thin margins.  Electricity is also a fixed cost.  They are trying to make a profit.  They have to make a profit or at least break even, or they have to shut down their operation.
For a home-owner, the cost of electricity to heat your home and the cost of a heater are a *sunk cost*, and the heat is the desired end product.  Efficiency is a concern, but profit is not.  Simply heating the home (in the most net inexpensive way) is the desired end.  Cost of electricity is the primary expense here for the homeowner.  The coils in a traditional heater do nothing of value for the homeowner other than turn as much of the electricity has possible into heat.  The transistors in an asic produce heat (not quite as efficiently as the coils), but they also provide additional value to certain people (i.e. they secure the Bitcoin network), a valuable service which people just so happen to be willing to pay money for.  So the question is: does the amount of money generated by the chips in some hypothetical asic heater offset or even exceed the additional efficiency of a traditional heater coil?  You have not shown that you have answered that question.
Imagine it this way:  let's say you were running a mining datacenter in Iceland.  You have a big building full of miners, pumping out heat all day, which you have been venting out into the cold air.  Your margins are thin.  You barely make a profit.  Meanwhile, there is an office building right next door to you, which pays *X* amount every month in electricity to heat their facility.
Are you telling me that there is some magical property of the universe which prohibits a situation in which you port your heat over to them, in exchange for some compensation &lt;X (because they can eliminate or reduce their traditional heating costs), and that that somehow wouldn't be more profitable than just porting your heat outside?  Now it's possible that this scenario might be profitable, and yet the home-owner with the asic heater wouldn't be.  There are a lot of factors here and inefficiencies and obstacles which probably come in to play in a home situation, which do not apply to the commercial building next to a mining farm.  I give you that. . . but please examine the language you are using, and feel free to show me, in hard numbers, with all the relevant costs and benefits factored in, why asic's can't possibly be used to heat a house.
@_date: 2015-09-24 07:02:41
The problem lies in the fact that the government has a monopoly (or near monopoly) on law, law enforcement, judicial services, regulatory mechanisms, and investigative services. The market has not been able to function in these spaces and evolve solutions to deal with the new challenges and incentives which bitcoin brings to its economy of users.
A culture has been produced which teaches entrepreneurs to steer clear of trying to produce solutions to problems which fall anywhere near the realm of government enforcement agencies' activities. A culture of deference to government to watch for and protect the consumer from scams and theft, has been thoroughly inculcated into the population (i.e. buyer beware is not functioning and the moral hazard which follows).
Where market solutions (such as reputation markets, insurance/actuarial oversight, and general discipline through competition) might shine through the few cracks in the pavement of government control, the development of such has been immensely hampered by huge regulatory uncertainty (especially in the U.S.), existing banking laws and regulations affecting insurers, existing AML/KYC laws and state-level regulations such as NY bitlicense levied against bitcoin companies, various and seemingly random legal persecution of actors in the bitcoin space (from the seizing of assets and mysterious gov't involvement at gox, to the MIT student project being prosecuted by a NJ court, to jailing of innocent people such as Charlie Schrem, and many more). Just the tax code (i.e. bitcoin is a commodity to IRS) has made it completely impractical to use as a currency. OTC bitcoin sales are either in a no-man's-land or straight up illegal without insanely expensive licenses and onerous requirements which no mere mortal can comply with. Coinbase and Circle are nothing if not totally predictable outcomes of the nature of the state and the particular ways which it has intervened thus far. They are the other side of the coin, so to speak. . . they are what you get if you think the world needs only thoroughly regulated and tightly controlled firms to dispense and broker bitcoin to the hapless and unaware masses. Sure, they're probably pretty safe from direct fraud and theft from Coinbase/Circle, but at a huge price also in terms of complete destruction of privacy/anonymity of their coins from the start, and imminent possibility of seizure and theft from gov't for whatever reason they concoct. Not to mention the constant freezing and shutting down of accounts which these companies frankly are forced to do, due to the nature of complying with their KYC/AML regulations.
And this is just comparing the results of the regulated sector with the supposedly "unregulated wild west" sector. . . which again, does not exist and fails in its own ways (you be the judge for yourself which is worse) for the reasons I outlined above. And this is just in the U.S.
The people who still talk of the bitcoin space as if it is (or ever was) some kind of wild west free market and squarely blame the free market are, frankly, straight retarded. There is no other way to put it. There is no other excuse for their outlook and ignorance.
Where all of this is headed is where it was always headed:  the shallow-thinking bitcoin noobs and statist masses will become (or are becoming already) disillusioned with bitcoin, because they never understood what it was all about.  They do not understand and refuse to understand that a blockchain with network effect (i.e. a currency or monetary system being valued outside the direct control of government/central bank) was never going to play nice with the state, and was never going to go mainstream in the way that they imagined it.  They do not understand bitcoin as anything other than some kind of decentralized paypal, with which to stick it to the banks or to save a bit on some fees, or fashionably buy their coffee in the morning.  They do not understand money, and certainly not market-based monies.  They do not understand how it comes about.  They do not understand that bitcoin is not yet money, and the implications of that and the implications should bitcoin become (successfully be bootstrapped as) a fully-actualized unit-of-account money.  They do not understand how secondary and auxiliary (even if still fairly important) are concerns such as immediate scalability, mining centralization, and good public image.
Holding and demand to hold is everything right now.  That's it.  That's all there is to it.  We are trying to bootstrap a digital token or commodity, which has relatively small use-value as compared to physical commodities like gold (but does indeed have value) into high ubiquity and liquidity, such that organic market forces use what will then be the most or one of the most saleable commodities on the market and which holds the best monetary properties ever seen; and with that network effect, begins to produce demand for the token itself (not just demand to accept a new payment network called Bitcoin and promptly exchange for fiat).  We are trying to overcome this large value or use-value gap, in order to *will* this new digital token into that position (where formerly, physical commodities like gold relied upon their other, non-monetary uses in order to circulate widely and thus be in a position to overcome the double coincidence of wants problem associated with barter, or prior inferior currencies).  Bitcoin can do this too. . . .it holds a larger challenge to getting there, but far more potential, due to it's nearly perfect monetary properties and built-in payment network.
That is all.
@_date: 2015-09-24 15:48:06


Couldn't have said it better.  Fraud victims didn't just run to regulators though; they ran to the FTC, and the FBI and police.  Where else did they have to run for restitution...even if chances were slim?  We're these agencies and regulators equipped to handle crypto-theft and fraud?  No, they weren't.  In many ways they're still not.  And they have no competition.  They have little incentive to work to develop tools and procedures to solve crypto-crimes and make victims whole.  They mostly just have incentive to go after the big, low-hanging fruit (like Ross Ulbricht and drugs/"terrorism" in general) which will justify their bureaucracies and promote the interests of the state. 
This is one of the primary interventions which has always been there and why the bitcoin space could never be called a free market.


Stop! Stop being retarded.  Think.  Actions have consequences.  Stop thinking shallowly like:  cause&gt;effect.
Start thinking in terms of: cause&gt;effect&gt;cause&gt;effect, and especially: indirect cause&gt;unintended consequence&gt;mitigating intervention&gt;unintended consequence&gt;etc.
@_date: 2015-09-23 07:00:33
Jeff Garzik being a dude.
@_date: 2019-09-13 14:36:09
If you die, they might subsidize you.
@_date: 2015-04-23 04:44:19
Forgive me if I'm jumping to conclusions. . . but you don't seem to understand the problem of rational economic calculation by a central authority (this applies as equally to corporate governance structures as it does to the state's command and control of an economy).
What does "Bitcoin can function without any market mechanism" even mean?
There may be "levers" within the protocol (e.g. blocksize) which are not being (apparently or efficiently) pulled by market demand.  
You see, the moment you try to constrain an assessment of whether calculation is taking place, down to some arbitrary sphere. . . you have immediately lost any meaningful definition of "the market".  You can't constrain an analysis to observed monetary phenomena and you can't assume that if a system (like Bitcoin) doesn't allow immediate reconfiguration of its properties; that there is a prisoner's dilemma or some other market failure.  The market response always and everywhere extends beyond the bounds, scope, and sphere of whatever narrow constraints we imagine the problem to exist within; and undermine any effectual constraints.
Calculation in the economic sense is not understood properly, unless conceived of as a function of subjective value, local knowledge, and opportunity cost.  
There is no escaping the problem of it.  There is only the possibility that some (subjective) value is found outside of or as a result of the effects of attempting to centrally calculate.  i.e. one can conceivably value (say, aesthetically) the outcomes of a dysfunctional socialist or otherwise statist economy or marketplace.
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:47:11


I also kick puppies.  I am an angry chump, dammit!


You're confusing abstraction of the mechanisms involved, for hypotheticals.  I used no hypothetical situation.  There is no math involved in this, just logic.  I'm not commenting on any probabilities of any outcome occuring...just commenting on the fallacies in your reasoning as to why they can't happen.


Retarded statement {kicks puppy}.  The difference between coerced and voluntary action is definitional to value and outcomes.  I know that you're just trying to make a statement about the ability of the bitcoin network to handle enough transactions, but you're completely missing how the differences in the nature of a coercion/fraud-based market and a voluntary market, make the outcomes completely different.  In a coerced action, people have had a choice made for them, and they can't correct it.  There is virtually no process...no heuristic.  In voluntary action, people believe their action will make them better off, and if it doesnt, they tend to avoid doing it.  Brazilians (if they even give bitcoin a try) will either find that the benefits outweigh the consequences....or if they find that they don't (perhaps because of the transactional limitations) then they won't use it anymore, and/or they'll push for development which increases blocksizes or pushes transactions off-chain, or any of an infinite set of actions which they could take...which you and I can't predict, nor are we in a position to determine what's best for them or that there's no value for some in bitcoin's limited state, or that there's not enough future value such that it's worth building layer-2 solutions, etc.


Who the fuck said anything about this all happening at once?  Science! Some of you people have your minds so stuck in your nation-state command-and-control boxes, that you think people act in blocks or something, and you can't grasp even the most superficial aspects of the evolutionary nature of markets.
Did you ever stop to just think that maybe....just maybe, greater demand for block space will prompt blocksize increases?  Or are you certain that a wise overlord such as yourself is necessary in order to dictate to the rest of the bitcoin world how and when a hard-fork should take place and what block size increase must be made?
Did you ever think that just maybe, as interest in bitcoin grows, bitcoin vendors and POS's are incentivized to come online to meet demand...and then that supply and increased spending utility could prompt further demand?  Or did you think someone needed to tell the whole country of Brazil when and how many bitcoin-accepting outlets to produce?
You can't fathom how bitcoin works and how it can succeed spontaneously, because you've been raised to believe that someone, some entity needs to control and order society and plan for it.  You have incredibly stunted intuition, and flawed logic....and I mean that in the nicest way {kicks puppy}
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:29:50
Not yet, its not.
That's the point of the volatility. It is a value discovery process.  A token is not a money until it is widely distributed and commonly valued against other goods and services.
There is absolutely no way around this process or the exchange of fiat for bitcoin, and heavy speculation.  That's how tokens become money.
@_date: 2015-09-12 20:38:07
The first answer to your question is that this "free market" doesn't exist.  Important activities within the bitcoin space in fact operate within something of a black or grey market in that they are excluded or deterred from the full benefits of other supporting services in the market (such as law enforcement, judicial and restitutive legal services, and regulatory services).  
Specifically, ways for the average user to acquire bitcoin with other currencies has been notoriously difficult, and anyone being even halfway honest and observant must admit that the difficulties and costs of doing this lie almost exclusively on the fiat side (in other words, the already highly government-regulated side).  Most bitcoin users, especially early on, were very particular about privacy concerns and a certain level of anonymity in acquiring their coins.  This most certainly led to low demand and an under-investment in exchanges and firms which were attempting to provide this service on the up-and-up.  So, bitcoiners were largely left taking their chances with Gox or BitFloor, etc. We cannot assume that those who chose to use those services didn't value their anonymity over the risks of getting burned by a shady operator or poor security and accounting practices.  There really weren't many (if any) other options at the time, for getting bitcoins with fiat.  The lack of demand for exchanges which operated in full view and scrutiny of distrustful and under-informed government bureaucrats is just one of several reasons why we saw (and still see) a lack of trustworthy firms.  It is shallow analysis to blame these results squarely on poor performance of reputational mechanisms, or lack of other market regulations.  There's a network effect (especially for traders who are looking for liquidity and deeper volumes) in exchanges; so to me it makes sense that we didn't witness everybody just flee Gox as it became clear what a flaky situation that was.
Governments monopolize legislation and law enforcement and adjudication. . . and regulation for the most part.  This creates a number of conditions which produce the results you talk about:  
moral hazard-  There's a cultural inertia of expectation that someone else is responsible for your coins being safe, and that if something bad happens, there's some agency to bail you out or at least find the perpetrators and bring them to justice.
regulatory uncertainty-  this one is huge.  You cannot expect any significant amount of smart money and smart management to enter a market which is so clearly going to be a target for heavy-handed intervention and attempts at coopting the tech.  Lack of competition (due in large part because of regulatory uncertainty) is probably the number one reason why few safe, affordable options existed for bitcoin buyers and traders.
Regulation itself and unintended consequences from other, unrelated interventions all over the economy-  Does it even need to be explained what the IRS treating bitcoin as a commodity does to the psychology of the user who wants to transact with bitcoin as easily as cash?  Does it even need to be re-hashed what the "reputable" exchanges and brokers like Coinbase and Circle have had to become in order to afford and comply with just the regulations which have so far been enacted?
Time- the bitcoin ecosystem is a whole new sphere of economic activity; one which has not yet enjoyed the same amount of time and number of minds working on the social and incentive problems which create the results you speak of.  Don't pretend that we didn't give governments decades, even centuries, to determine what bad or unscrupulous people would do in given situations and react to it accordingly.  Do you think there was some magic button that a bureacrat could have pushed before Charles Ponzi?  No, government regulated society has also had to learn through painful, costly lessons, and taken the requisite time to react accordingly.  I guarantee you the market is moving faster than government regulations in mitigating harm and malfeasance. . .but on our internet-age time-scales, we feel like protections like reputation mechanisms are taking too long. Competition and more explicit market-based regulatory mechanisms will develop and become more formalized; but it does take time and that process is being hampered by the things I already talked about.
In this lies the whole difference between good economics and bad. The bad economist sees only what immediately strikes the eye. The good economist also looks beyond. -Henry Hazlitt
@_date: 2015-09-05 17:55:00
I don't think there's anything happening with bitcoin here either, but your reasoning is retarded:


What good is any asset if you can't trade it for things to eat?  When currencies collapse (and I'm not asserting that complete collapse is what's happening here, but try to think abstractly for a moment here), by definition, the currency units are losing the ability to be exchanged for desired goods and services.  So, people (the market) are looking for the next best....the next-most saleable, ubiquitous asset to fill the role of money, as the former collapses, because indirect exchange is more efficient than direct exchange and the problems of the double coincidents of wants.  Governments and cultural deference to government tend to arrest that process somewhat (but that's another discussion).


Because, like with anything in real life (no pun intended), this process doesn't happen all at once, and there is always uncertainty.  Nobody knows for sure that the Real is collapsing, and nobody knows which asset(s) may take the lead in filling the monetary role.  Put simply, some people will value Reals more than they value the bitcoins, and vice-versa.  Besides, who says that people have to obtain their bitcoins by selling reals for them? People also have their labor to sell, and other more liquid goods.


I think you're projecting.  You assume motivation.  It is entirely possible for OP and others to be excited about something like this happening, because they are excited that bitcoin can help the people suffering **and** because it may raise the price of their coin.  Whether you yourself believe that bitcoin is an escape hatch for the people suffering, or you believe that it is a scam which will exacerbate a bad situation, or something in between...is irrelevant.


We can let them decide that.  As long as no one is forcing bitcoin on them, or defrauding them into it....what's your problem?
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:16:06
This is what states are at their core, and this is how they form.  Many of those people will be just as fooled by the largesse of ISIS and their apparent legitimacy in connection with the new money (bootstrapped no doubt through taxation), as people are fooled by the highly legitimized activities of western-style democracies.
A state must have control over money and a tax base.  A money independent of the state is only detrimental to it if anything.
Bitcoin is not yet money.  ISIS uses bitcoin as a payment network only.  It is trying to force its dinars into position as money.  ISIS will have no interest in bitcoin as money as it cannot control the exchange value and issuance.  Once it's tax-base is matured, it will have very little need to fund itself through outside, anonymous (or so they assume) payments through a proxy currency like bitcoin.
Bitcoin must become money.  Freedom from groups like ISIS and the U.S. government (which spawned ISIS) depends upon us seperating money from the state and returning it to a function of the market (now a very connected world economy).
@_date: 2015-09-26 00:18:37
For the moment.  Perhaps.  The people out there still selling OTC (in the U.S. at least) are operating on bravery alone.
@_date: 2015-09-09 18:57:06
Though most won't view it as practial thing, this is a great opportunity for bitcoin to shine as a money, rather than just a proxy currency, to be converted immediately upon receipt into the local money.
Somalia has some of the best cell infrastructure and Internet access on the continent.  They have a relatively weak local currency, and they are being increasingly persecuted by western powers.
Why not stick it to their persecutors, and improve upon the shilling, by just making bitcoin money.  It will take a lot of grassroots advocacy and awareness campaigns, but there's no really good reason why the Somalis could not just take bitcoin remittances...and not worry about converting to local; just start transacting locally in BTC.  Then, outside entities have no power over their finances.
@_date: 2015-09-05 06:06:50
I like this user!
@_date: 2015-09-12 00:46:58
You convince yourself that it is the price of "civilized society".
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:16:17


No, you don't.  You can submit pulls to another full-node project, like BTCD, or start your own, which lifts the block size limit.
You can run it on the network, and try to get other miners and full node operators to run it....just the same way Gavin et. al. have to convince the community to run their updates.  Only difference is that there is a centralization here; a culture of deferring to Satoshi-client developers.  But that can change if you write good software that a lot of people think deals with scalability and other issues better than how the "core" developers are addressing it.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:20:33
That is the most thoughtful complement I think I've ever gotten on Reddit.  Thanks.  Made my day, truly.
@_date: 2015-04-14 19:33:06


I agree with that (given the current price and block reward).  I also agree that the meager income possible from mining for heat is unlikely to be higher than the increased costs of asic heating equipment and efficiency loss (and hassle of keeping an always connected device), and thus will not incentivize people who do not otherwise care about bitcoin or value it's decentralization, to use such a device or service.  It would however be cool and interesting (at the very least) if someone made products aimed at the non-mining Bitcoin crowd, with devices which produce heat (perhaps supplemental to central heating), which automatically connect to p2pool or some other decentralized pool, and justify the added costs to those who may value the decentralization of the network, more than the additional cost of this heater over a conventional one. 


But you're still thinking about it wrong if you say this ^  .  You cannot treat it the same because the heat is already being created and paid for, and otherwise going to waste.  It seems to me very very likely that certain mining operations will find their edge over the competition (and perhaps be able to mine in otherwise electricity-price-disadvantaged regions) by selling their heat.  If you're already a break-even or slightly profitable mining operation; every additional cent counts, and taking advantage of it doesn't require you to increase your equipment costs, or decrease their efficiency (as in the case of the homeowner using asics instead of coils), in order to increase margins.  It only comes down to whether the cost of materials and labor to port and vent your heat to a customer is more costly than the extra revenue generated.
@_date: 2015-04-11 01:57:55
Well....it is in fact, not yet money.  We are trying to make it so.  We are trying to get people to understand the technology and the utility of the network, and thus to value the scarce token and to increase demand to hold it, thus incentivizing others to demand it in exchange for their goods and services, thus expanding the network, giving it more utility, and so on, in a sort of virtuous cycle.
But money has at least three primary characteristics: medium of exchange, store of value, and unit of account.
It is most conspicuously not serving as unit of account widely or to a high degree.
@_date: 2015-04-01 21:46:58
In other news: Sony stocks rally as NAMBLA announces their switch from Panasonic's P2HD camera systems to Sony's XDCAM format for all their Man-Boy-love educational video production needs.  Said a NAMBLA spokesperson: "we intend to immediately transfer all footage with the new cameras over to our existing panasonic post-production equipment and re-encode the video back to the old format. . . but still, we feel that this move and our endorsement of Sony products will lend credibility to their brand.  We look forward to making it easier for our members to produce films about the beautiful and intimate relationships that can be had between men and young boys."
If lubricating the apparatus of institutionalized theft  is what's required for bitcoin to appreciate in value and be legitimized. . . . may its price forever be depressed and its reputation be always tarnished.  
Fuck all y'all who think legitimacy and value come from the barrel of a gun.
@_date: 2015-09-22 01:40:38
I'm more or less with you on your outlook, and I'm not really seeing the point.
The only thing I can really imagine is that 21 is having to (because of MSB and other similar laws in other jurisdictions), trying to create a turnkey way for tinkerers and developers to have a very small, but steady stream of bitcoin to experiment with and use...without the user having to buy at exchange or OTC, and without 21 Inc. having to become licensed and deal with the whole money-transmitter thing they'd have to deal with if they pre-load the device with money.
Basically, it seems to only exist as a way to circumvent some of the stupid regulation bitcoin is under...which I'm all for...but I still just don't see it being worth it or easier for the developer or tinkerer who can surely set up an ant miner and software more easily and cheaply than buying this $400 box.
I'd love to be proven wrong about the value and appeal of this turnkey solution to devs.
@_date: 2015-04-13 23:18:08
I'm not exactly certain of whether this asic-heater thing idea will pan out, but your contentions don't hold up to scrutiny:




Right, but those people were already going to have a shovel for panning, and homeowners are already going to pay for heat and buy heaters.  We as home owners are not trying to make a profit....we're just defraying some of the cost of the electricity, where we would have had no supplement at all with a traditional heater. 




Why do you assume people would even need to know that they are running a bitcoin miner? This could be marketed as simply a "smart heater" by 21INC or whoever, that is managed via the Internet by them, thus using energy efficiently, and 21INC is subsidizing some of your costs (perhaps free installation and no upfront equipment costs.)
All of a sudden, marginal electricity costs are no longer the only or main factor determining comparitive advantage in mining.  Could change the topography of the mining distribution significantly. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:52:53
Alright Mr. Grumpy-hash.
Who spit in your bits this morning?
@_date: 2015-09-10 10:55:16
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:45:38


A really high deflation or inflation rate is going to be troublesome, no doubt. But image a world with bitcoin as money, where the deflation rate is about 3% on average. That means that banks have no incentive to loan unless the interest rate they get in return is greater than 3%++
They still have incentive to loan, and they have less risk, because borrowers come with larger down payments and the returns of their investments will also be denominated in an appreciating currency (accruing to them throughout the process), thus more ability to pay on the 3% interest by virtue of cash flow in the appreciating currency...and so its like their interest payment is only the amount above 3%.  Money is neutral in the long run. In the long run, financing on the front end (via savings) is not much different than financing on the back end (via repaying a loan).
You're only seeing one side of the deflation shift, for some reason. There are equal and opposite factors.
@_date: 2015-04-04 06:28:18
Sure, but we have no reason to expect those other things to happen (certainly not in conjunction with or at the same time as the halvening); but we do know for certain that the law of demand will still be in effect.
@_date: 2015-04-10 17:15:44
Maybe give it a little push too.
@_date: 2015-09-30 18:08:55
"It is no crime to be ignorant of economics, which is, after all, a specialized discipline and one that most people consider to be a dismal science. But it is totally irresponsible to have a loud and vociferous opinion on economic subjects while remaining in this state of ignorance."
- Murray Rothbard
@_date: 2015-04-04 09:52:31
But who would represent "our" interests to regulators and industry?  But who would pay the developers?  Who would build the roads?     /s
I think TBF has been something of a proto-government for many in this space, in that it seems to fill that same psychological niche in the minds of those who can't grasp decentralization and emergent order.  They need to have the perception of control and sense of explicitly planned direction.  And many, undoubtedly, wanted there to be a process or institution whereby to influence and control development (whether sinister or benign motives really doesn't matter, the outcomes would likely be the same).  The developers (much as I respect many of them in terms of talent and perspective and their hard work in the protocol) have always been the weakest link, and by far the most centralized aspect of the ecosystem....while everybody fretted about mining centralization and whether the mainstream was going to adopt bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-10 10:52:15
Which is just fine.  There's nothing to suggest that the current total hashrate isn't more than enough to secure the blockchain. 
 
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:19:13
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:24:43
Good video.  The subject was absolutely right when he talked about good and secure property rights being the source of the production of wealth and alleviation of poverty.  And how the blockchain can provide certain types of property rights/enforcement, separate from the state.
He seemed a bit confused about other things....including the common monetary confusion of "forget about bitcoin, it's all about the blockchain"...these people will simply have to learn, through experience, that without the ledger unit being valued, none of the other functions of the blockchain he's excited about will be possible.  Furthermore, that network effect is everything in this regard, and Bitcoin has by far the largest network....so, unless you have a very compelling reason to think some other blockchain is going to steal Bitcoin's thunder anytime soon...you'd better focus on building your blockchain services and products around the Bitcoin network and network of Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2015-04-11 04:42:59
I admit to not understanding ring signatures more than superficially.
I've traded a bit with darkcoin...but have no allegiances there.
For me the network effect is everything, and while I'm glad that better anonymity tech is being developed in alts (and I'm pretty certain that no bitcoin developers are ever going to make anonymity a priority)....I'm all in BTC until bitter end or moon.  If Bitcoin were to fail spectacularly I would def be getting into the most viable alt with strong anonymity....and that is probably monero or derivative.
Thanks for the gold btw!  Very kind.  Hope to see some posts from you on the topic of the accounting between coins, and maybe a good primer for monero.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:25:54
I notice that you only include one side of it, but ignore how many were killed from not receiving  life-saving medications which the FDA had not approved, and the victims were banned from purchasing...many of which had been approved and in widespread use in Canada or Europe. 
It's not about the FDA being technically poor at their job, or just simply over-cautious sometimes....it is, as always, about the incentive structure they operate under, and the monopoly they have.  
@_date: 2016-10-28 17:50:44
Some people just want a decentralized paypal, another way to pay for things, and that's fine...spend away!
Some of us are interested in bootstrapping a new monetry unit (bitcoin does not yet serve as money to a high degree).  We feel this goal has greater long term value both for the dollar amount return on out investment, and also much greater consequences for liberty and privacy against the state.  Hodling is the thing to do (spend and replace mostly, but creating the demand and sopping up the supply right now is the biggest thing).  Transaction loops cannot be closed until the fomo is so great that vendors (even though they are not in the business of investing in currencies) can't help but want bitcoin as payment, not just to convert to dollars and maybe incidentally save on credit card fees...but that they literally cannot be competitive unless they earn bitcoin as revenue and can't afford to pay suppliers and vendors except with the appreciating currency which they have earned.
@_date: 2018-04-09 23:16:19






Here's where the vast majority of bitcoiners are completely clueless: The U.S. (and other governments, to varying extent) already heavily and destructively regulate cryptocurrencies (via capital gains tax and aml/kyc laws) and passively thwart it through regulatory and regime uncertainty (one of the main reasons why most insurers won't touch exchanges and cold wallets).
Crypto is dead in the water for use as currency, in countries like the U.S...and yet, as typical, most people (including most economists) remain willfully ignorant about the effects gov't has already had in keeping bitcoin a "speculative asset only", and love to disparage its supposed "unregulated" and "wild west" status as the primary cause of this.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:04:04
Yes people can leave bad reviews, even if something was done objectively correctly.  Don't think this is limited to medicine, though.  This happens to all sorts of suppliers, even on ebay, with things like packaging and shipping.
But the point is, that the person who leaves a bad review for a Dr. telling them something they don't want to hear, but will help them, is going to be the exception.  And everyone else, who is just like you and me, will look at the review and the reason, and give it less weight...unless you think that everyone else is stupid and irrational except for yourself.
Markets for information work.  Full stop.  Whatever the goal is (e.g. could be for some: the most medically sound outcome, could be for others: the outcome which leaves them most physically comfortable), that's what markets will tend to produce, is structure incentives towards providing the information people seek.
@_date: 2018-04-13 14:43:14
I'm not in to lambos, but for those who are: why not?
Do you have a better way to voluntarily coordinate the market against the situation that: virtually nobody wants to use a token that's not yet money, but a token cant become money unless a lot of people want to use it?
@_date: 2015-04-15 06:27:21
As someone who's been around since very early on, my perspective is that not having better anonymity at the protocol level is the scope or mission creep.
Much of the value placed in the network was in expectation of integrating zerocoin-like or similar algos into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-10 00:42:31


Definitely. Especially because the U.S. (thankfully) is not the only place on earth.
But cryptocurrencies are not like alcohol or drugs or other goods which have been banned or highly regulated, which persist in successful black markets and eventually find legal and mainstream acceptance.
Cryptos like bitcoin are good for, and can succeed only along one major dimension: and that is money; a medium of indirect exchange, store of value, and a unit of account. Money is the ultimate network good, and network goods (though robust and anti-fragile once fully actualized) are tenuous and susceptible in infancy.  A bitcoin (unit) does not have much utility if just one or two people hold and try to exchange it instead of barter...yet that same unit has massive value (or rather, holding units gives you commensurate share to a massively valuable network of trading partners) if millions of people hold it and try to exchange it.
Most goods retain their full utility, even if they are banned...because its utility doesn't depend on how many others are using it. On the other hand, with cryptocurrencies: Governments can easily (and have to some extent) ensured that the costs of adopting the unit token are high enough to outweigh the benefits for the (non-ideologically motivated) masses...thus thwarting the actualization of the network effect and increased utility of the token as currency.
Read [here]( for more on this.
 
@_date: 2015-09-24 15:57:42


I see a new monetary system.
@_date: 2016-10-15 23:30:09
Don't know, don't care.
If it's not a useful or safe service; people aren't going to use it.  My guess is that 75% of the time at least, you just get told by this service to go to the hospital or consult your local physician.  
If regulation is needed in order to keep it safe, it's probably not going to be produced on the market, even if it could, because government-regulated industry and costs crowd it out and regulations directly and indirectly prohibit a healthy ecosystem from developing along these lines.
@_date: 2015-09-25 23:58:32
Obviously much more difficult to "ignore them" when the acquisition and ultimate end of your coin is fiat, and the associated banking system.
But yes, we do need to just ignore them however possible; and we need to keep focused on bootstrapping bitcoin into money (rather than just payment network); because when that happens, and loops are closed. . .all of a sudden, it becomes the default to be ignoring them.
tl;dr  hold.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:18:14
On whether you think it can become a [unit-of-account money]( or not.
@_date: 2016-10-06 20:53:44


Correct! And that's a good thing! It's for a lot of other people too.


Right again! Not yet anyway.  If bitcoin were already money, there wouldn't be a lot left to look forward to.  What a great opportunity to get to be a part of the developing and evolution of a new money, that is challenging government monopolies.


This guy is on a role! Life's not fair, and that's a good thing...otherwise the value of everything would indeed be equally zero.
@_date: 2018-04-15 21:07:49
Consumption doesnt just decrease indefinitely.
You are parroting a poor understanding of why economists talk about the dangers of deflation and under what conditions deflationary spirals can occur.
Empirically with bitcoin price swings, we actually see wealth effects overpower the propensity to hoard, when the price rises: we see *more* spending.  And if you think bitcoin is a poor currency (or rather, not one at all), you are correct (for now).
Money is neutral in the long run. Frictional problems with deflation have more to do with expectations and institutions built in to the existing system.  Loans are displaced by savings under deflation and wage contracts can be pegged to an deflation index. Free banking and competotive issue of currency accomodate demand to hold.
@_date: 2015-11-25 20:08:37
Bank robbers hide getaway vehicles in garages.  We should make it illegal to hide cars in garages....or do you want the bank robbers to win?
@_date: 2015-04-10 23:21:57
You can't.  This is always what was going to happen.  People here still pretend like the IRS's classification of bitcoin as property is not having a chilling effect on its use.  The FinCen ruling, the irs, the threats of regulation from the various state governments, the feds messing with exchanges and freezing accounts, the potential clandestine operations on social media, the stealing of massive sums of bitcoin....this is all part of the gradual approach which still has most Bitcoiner's referring to the space as the "wild west" and blaming everything on "the free market". 
They (the various governmental interests and agencies) are too smart and/or uncoordinated to directly ban bitcoin use.  And give it Streisand effect or create major oppossition.
Bitcoin was never going to play nice with government as it presently operates.  Going mainstream was never going ti be a thing....until the mainstream comes to the realization of how illegitimate and largely unnecessary their governments are.  Bitcoin was never about being a nice little techie plaything with which to lower bank fees and intl remittances.  It was always about becoming a unit of account money; wholly seperate from the value of fiat money.  It was about resisting the inevitable persecution from government and, unlike gold, just maybe having sufficient properties to allow it to succeed.  To allow people to opt out of government in various ways and to various degees...to be a safe haven and hedge against the state's failing system.
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:01:23
Feels as good as telling poor people to get a job.
@_date: 2016-10-15 22:45:29
And people blame the "free market" for how expensive healthcare is in the U.S.
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:30:14
But an asset which has potential to be a network good like money (bitcoin has fantastic monetary properties, but has not yet achieved monetary status), does need to be held widely in order to achieve its ends and an equilibrium.
What gives money value is that everyone else has it, and wants it.  Sounds paradoxical but that is where money gets its value: network effects.
This is why (while removing the blocksize cap is important), there is so much more promise for bitcoin than just being another payment network; a decentralized paypal.  This is about money, and always has been.  We have plenty of payment networks. We don't have any actualized market-based monies, because they were long ago crowded out by the fiat money units.
@_date: 2018-04-29 05:57:11
Yes. Suicidal people. 
@_date: 2018-04-15 21:37:28


In the short-to-mid-term, and coming out of an economy with inflationary expectations. Tough shit.




If you say so.


Yes, as I said, there are short-run frictions. Transition is hard. Tough shit. One mechanism to avoid this in perpetuity are indexed wage contracts, instead of nominal ones. Try to keep up.


Bitpay and other crypto payment processors report more consumer spending with the sharp increases in price.
@_date: 2018-04-29 05:55:42
I think you already used the hunger strike example...I like to also use the example of a suicidal person when trying to get people to understand subjective value and methodological individualism.
A truly committed suicidal person does not see food or water or air or shelter as goods, but in facts as having disutility.  Its telling that it is so difficult for most people to understand these very simple and manifestly true concepts. 
There is no such thing as intrinsic value or greater good. Full stop.
@_date: 2015-09-05 17:29:47
Correct.  The real problem with fractional reserve is when the underlying hard asset can't be held, and/or some kind of gov't enforced peg or mispricing greshams the hard money out in favor of the paper/banknotes.
As long as people have the option to hold and use bitcoin directly, and no major govt interference prevents it from circulating as money...banks and their customers can take all the risks they want, and be rewarded accordingly (one of the reasons why coercively insuring these banks leads to the really bad effects of FRB, as we all now have to subsidize the bad money, propping it up, but the socialized cost does not allow us to properly discount).
@_date: 2015-11-25 17:28:00


I don't think you quite understood my comment.  You are predictably not applying the logic to the situation.  Correct me on the grounds of faulty logic; but if not, then you're just glossing it over and regurgitating the same talking points that I have actually addressed, if you'd bother to think about the implications of what I wrote.


Yes, I know.  And the methods they use to get that inside track (the AML and KYC requirements on businesses and the fines and other punishments) fits very well within the rubric of:   "mistaken belief that the benefits of banning peaceful action in order to preempt potential harm outweigh the consequences."


Don't forget about the children!  Please, fear-monger some more about how the world would tear apart at the seams if LE had to use good old-fashioned sleuthing and other non-right-invading techniques in order to catch criminals.  Please continue to ignore how government creates much of the causes of these crimes and the environments in which they flourish.. . .let's instead invade peoples' privacy and form world-wide financial dragnets which stifle financial innovation and movement of capital in order to catch a few more criminals.  


You obviously don't know many practical or logical or sane people then.  I assure you, there are plenty of us who would and do indeed take issue with all institutional violations of common sense rights or contractual rights, even when it's not popular to do so.


Not in the slightest.  You really should read what I wrote, rather than ascribing to me what you think I believe.  I don't care if all LE are in fact guileless angels who exist only to selflessly serve mankind.  The incentive structures under which they operate promote behavior and activities which are counter-productive to peaceful prosperous society, and many of the laws which they must enforce are equally as counter-productive.  I am a utilitarian consequentialist:  I use logic and economics to come to these conclusions.  READ WHAT I WROTE.


It's so cringeworthy it hurts.  You, once again, show that you care more about putting band-aids on problems. . . rather than attacking the root of the problem (in this case, it is largely the U.S. and other western powers' interventions in the region which have stirred this hornets nest into existence. . and of course there's even some evidence that the U.S. directly funded an early formation of ISIS via the syrian rebels), and now you want to stifle and punish the whole financial world in order to mitigate the problems which your kind of statist thinking created in the first place.  (this cycle is of course the fundamental mechanism which creates the broken political and economic systems all around us. . . ignoring what came before).  Did you know that [police steal more from citizens than all burglars combined](  And this is also an outcome with a principle behind it; that centralized institutional enforcement of law tends to violate more rights than it protects.
But please, show me at least some empirical evidence of the efficacy of AML efforts; show me the cost/benefit analysis (hint: you won't be able to, for one thing because we can't measure what might have been, what criminals would be loose wreaking havoc if not for the AML efforts. . .which is why we use some fundamental logical and economic insights to understand that the benefits are unlikely to outweigh the costs).  Of course, even by what measures can be studied, the findings [aren't looking too good]( for your cause.


And yet it happened and will continue to happen, under the current 
AML regime, and even under a stricter one.  And people like you consistently use failure as a reason to justify more of the same actions, instead of merit to warrant increased funding or oversight.


Obviously not.  The question is: would making financial privacy a sacred privilege be beneficial?  And those of us who have half a brain can see that the answer is pretty clearly, yes.


You have no idea what I have lived through, nor are you correctly assessing the cause of those kinds of situations.  Stop promoting those kinds of outcomes with statist activities, and then demanding that we all pay for your mistakes with loss of freedoms and financial privacy.  It really seems to be a sickness with you.  You should really have that looked at.
@_date: 2015-11-13 18:54:13
And yet, anyone who would make such a judgement about anything, based on such a thin, superficial examination of the thing is also a loon.  Does that make the mainstream a bit looney? Probably.  Do I need to care what the mainstream thinks? Only if I want to get rich quick....which also makes me a loon.  So there's really no escaping it, is there?
@_date: 2017-05-21 16:45:19
Love-muscle Rusty Russell.
@_date: 2015-11-14 01:30:06
Markets are not 100% efficient (for one thing) and these macro-scale social trends (the formation of nation-states and state-like institutions) are the most massive and inertia-ridden manifestations of the market of human behaviors.  We would expect these to evolve more slowly than other institutions (i.e. major transaction costs and public goods problems, prisoners dilemma's, market failures in general. . . market failures apply to both the free aspects of markets as well as political markets, keep in mind).
Nation-states are not inevitable, but a highly expected outcome of the relative time-preferences of the individuals in society.  Individuals which made up societies in times past believed more in the divinity of kings and other more autocratic arrangements than we do now. . .producing the types of societies that we saw (remember, we basically get the government "we" deserve).  
But times change and people change.  Thus society changes.  It is absolute foolishness to believe that the progress which has been made since times past (which has been a very slow, general, though not perfect, trend towards decentralization of power and more individual property rights).  To believe that modern democratic nation-states (even the much revered Scandinavian ones) are the pinnacle of social progress and political technology is simply madness and hubris.
You are necessarily supporting the slow steady glacial movement of society towards greater and greater individual freedoms, by using bitcoin.  With every gain in wealth that the average citizen of earth gets. . . with every technology like Uber, or bitcoin which provides clearly superior options outside the state-regulated industries; individuals are achieving higher levels on Maslow's hierarchy of needs and are able to *afford* and grasp and save for and sacrifice for more and more low-time-preference solutions to societal problems (government solutions tend to be high-time preference, simple, easy-to-grasp, hammer-strokes. . . centralized, low up-front costs; highly costly and unsustainable long-term).
It is all about time-preference and the general capacity of people in society to afford more decentralized, voluntary (non-centrally-planned) solutions to market failures and societal problems.
As a poignant example: the production of money (or a monetary system) is and has always been a large public-goods-like problem.  It is apparently easier to just have a government declare to the people what shall be held and exchanged as the monetary unit and at what purchasing power (or at least initialize this process).  Without government, the process of an economy of individuals agreeing on the monetary unit (discovering the most saleable good), is obviously fraught with longer time-scales, great risk and sometimes great reward (see: the distribution of bitcoin and the volatility in price at this stage). . while we all slowly discover and, in a sense, try to agree upon whether bitcoin becomes that unit of account and what the purchasing power of the given unit will be.  But in the long-run; there are massive societal benefits to having an economy-wide (and in our modern world, that necessarily means world-wide) currency and unit-of-account. . .one which is not politically, nor privately, manipulable in terms of it's issuance and protocol.  
If you believe that technology and social progress is not, and will not continue to similarly produce better legal technologies than what we have now (even despite the prospect of them having to overcome the massive inertia of the status quo and the persecution which it will face from the monopoly force of nation-states), then I'm sorry to say that you are simply a closed-minded fool.
@_date: 2016-10-30 20:50:09
That's some good agorism right there.  These are just some of the reasons that I still argue that bitcoin is inherently anti-state technology.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:46:41
To help overcome the coordination problems inherent to garnering network effects surrounding a new money.
Lottery (I.E. the high risk/high reward gamble that is buying or holding or spending bitcoin) helps alleviate the free-riding which otherwise characterizes and guarantees under-production of public goods, like non-state money.
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:03:08
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:28:59
And hopefully a few forward thinkers who do not let pragmatism and the status quo get in the way of longer-term goals based on correct ideology.
@_date: 2015-11-26 18:09:26
Only comment in here that's on point.  Thank you!
5 mBTC
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:34:48
Yeah, I dont understand the arguments against TA here. It seems like its usually the same people who complain that bitcoin has "no fundamentals" or "no fundamental value", who also ironically claim that people who use TA,  instead of fundamentals analysis, are wrong or deluded.
It seems to me that all it takes is one trader, who beats the average over her career using only TA, to falsify the claim...because even if it is only a random walk, it makes sense to pursue that over other methods if a trader can "get lucky" over and over, across years or decades...and clearly there are no fundamentals, so....
@_date: 2018-04-15 21:26:51
Very true, but the hordes of morons who come here to disparage all attempts to coordinate against the problems of getting a market commodity bootstrapped in to a currency, are flat out ridiculous...especially when they act like they are the only ones who see that bitcoin is volatile and that young markets invite speculation and (what they call "manipulation), yet their memory of bitcoin's price history goes back precisely one bubble cycle.
You're not one of *those* people, are you?
@_date: 2015-03-19 03:48:13
The way I see it, the incentive problem here stems from the seperability of mining from full-node hosting.  Because of this, one possible angle of attack is to focus on reducing cost of mining on p2pool (or other distributed pool), since decentralized miners must run a full node.    Target payout variability and it may kill two birds with one stone (mining centralization, and absolute number of full nodes).
Easier said than done...but seems like the most fruitful and likely avenue.
@_date: 2015-10-15 16:22:57
By what definition of money?  Look, money, like other terms in economics, has a very specific definition and use requirements it must meet in order to be called a money.  We all know that the dollar or euro or yen only gained and retain their monetary status due to the coercion used by governments and their central banks.  I get it.  I wish it ~~was~~ wasn't money, just like you probably wish it ~~was~~ wasn't money.  And I wish that bitcoin and/or gold were serving as money and displacing fiat.  And I believe that that is happening and will continue to happen (see: Thier's law).  But wishing does not make it so, and the space-time continuum is still in effect.  There still exists now, and later.  There still exists bitcoin, in it's proto-money state, and the dollar in it's actualized money state.  Things change.  Processes take time.
I'm not a fan of government fiat.  I'm all about making sure that bitcoin does become money and drives out government created money.  But that is irrelevant as to which of these two fits the definition and use-case of money.  
Possessing properties (e.g. high degree of: scarcity, divisibility, homogeneity, fungibility, durability, etc) of good money potential, does not make something a money yet.  There are a good many commodities which fit this bill, and did in the past become money in certain economic sphere (e.g. cigarettes become money in prison, even though, outside of prison or before those particular conditions arose, was not money; cigarettes simply possessed the best monetary qualities of all available commodities to the prisoners, and so **became** money. . . . were not always money).
Therefore, there is no technical accuracy, and no point in calling anything with good monetary qualities (even bitcoin) a money; when it has not yet developed into the fully actualized, unit of account, network good, which economists call money.
Why is this so hard to understand?  Why is it so hard to understand the public goods problem inherent to money-system creation on a market and thus understand the challenge before us with bitcoin, and the primacy of holding?  
@_date: 2015-11-15 20:30:33
@_date: 2015-11-14 20:30:30
Moving value from point A to point B is also a means to an end:  the achievement of division of labor, and facilitating comparative advantages more efficiently, to enable a complex, robust, and productive economy.
@_date: 2016-10-28 22:31:28
Definitely.  That's why I think it is important for people to realize that bitcoin is not primarily a payment network (though it had to have a rudimentary payment network built in in order for us meatbags to interact with the digital token at all); and so I think that even as bitcoin grows in widespread use, and even while its on chain capacity is likely to grow...there will still be plenty of place in this world for credit cards and banks and other payment networks for all the convenience and consumer safety that they offer....what matters is that those payment rails eventually are transmitting bitcoin as the unit of account in addition to or instead of dollars/euros/yen.
@_date: 2016-05-15 05:50:05
Unfortunately, bitcoin culture has turned away from understanding the importance of bitcoin as money (not just store of value and medium of exchange, but also unit of account) vs. Bitcoin the payment network. I'm a "big-blocker", but the fuss about transactions per second and conspiracies and economic ignorance surrounding peripheral bitcoin payment rails are so misguided.
Physical tokens have sneaker-net built in. A digital token, like bitcoin, was going to have to have its own payment network built in, to allow us meatbags to do anything with it at all.  The significance of this seems to escape most bitcoiners (or rather, the insignificance of the in-built payment network relative to the promise of a market-based money token, seems to elude their understanding).
The production of a monetary system is subject to public goods problems.  Without a central authority declaring it's use and value by fiat, getting a market-based currency to monetary status is a huge challenge.
The focus needs to be brought back to the network effect, closing transaction loops, the store of value, the anti-state/control properties of the token, the fomo and the love of the moon-shot (yes buttcoiners, we are indeed hyping and "faking it 'til we make it" quite intentionally as part of the strategy to overcome the public goods problems) and achieving (especially in internet dominance) unit of account status for the token.  
Even with the biggest blocks reasonably possible; the Bitcoin payment network is unlikely to serve as the payment network for most everyday btc transactions, nor will the core protocol ever serve everyone's needs and niches.  Allow and don't fear the market innovating at the edges of network goods and protocols like bitcoin which are in their nature to ossify around a *good enough* state.
TL;DR  to the moon bitches!
@_date: 2015-03-24 04:07:13
pesky . . . and [other things](
@_date: 2015-03-18 22:21:02
This.  Thank you.  It can't be repeated enough, but most people just do not understand: bitcoin is designed to become money.  That is its full actualization of value.  It's fuction as a payment network, is merely ancillary...necessary to make the technology work, and to provide some utility to the bitcoin unit.
But I have said for years, and I'll say it again:  Those who percieve bitcoin's full value as anything less than a unit-of-account money and store of value; those who see it as just decentralized paypal; a tool to stick it to banks, and save a bit of money on fees...they are going to be very disappointed (as we are seeing here). 
2 mBTC
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:07:53
But the error is in thinking that Bitcoin can't get it's transaction throughput concensus thing figured out due to conspiracy or bad people or misguided people on that other sub, or what have you.
Those may all be proximate causes or contributors, but the point is that network goods and protocols ossify.  It is never again going to be easy to enact a hard or soft fork in the Bitcoin ecosystem, and more importantly to this thread: all the alts which tout their progressiveness and willingness to fork and adopt every marginally better technology...are going to stagnate as well, as a function of their success and growth of their network effect.
This is the price we pay for decentralization and not having a political mechanism with which to enact changes.
This is a strength of Bitcoin (and any alt that ever catches up and attempts to surpass Bitcoin in the most important metric of all: network effects).
@_date: 2015-11-14 01:44:28
I chuckled.  Politely.  
@_date: 2015-03-19 03:36:24
Dash! It's digital cash!
@_date: 2015-03-09 17:45:13
See [this](  thread for an explanation, of why you're only seeing one side of the coin when you worry about investment and risk in a deflationary environment.
@_date: 2016-10-28 15:16:23
That depends on your goal.
@_date: 2015-11-14 00:32:57
Well that went over your head...
@_date: 2017-05-06 22:33:57
And how, pray tell, does a commodity (especially one with good monetary properties and not much else in the way of other use-value) just magically become price stable?  By people listening to you and agreeing to not treat it as a get rich quick scheme? Do you really think that would ever work to coordinate a stable price that way?
You don't understand Bitcoin, because you see it as a payment network, rather than as a proto-money.
This is how markets work. This is how money develops voluntarily on a market. The speculation and hype and fomo and even the attitudes that you perceive of as "get rich quick" are all indispensable mechanisms to coordinate bitcoin into a unit-of-account.
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:22:22
The real solution, as always, is to get government completely out of it.  One of the unintended consequences of the nature of present judicial systems is that they do not prioritize restitution by the perpetrator; thus they focus on punishing society generally, and the intended or unintended recipients of hot money and goods, most specifically, thus diminishing the fungibility of currencies involved.  The SAR spoken of earlier is exactly the type of bandaid fix (indicitive of all other secondary and tertiary regulations which must be in place, due to the primary interventions of the state) which persists across all sectors of society affected sufficiently by governmental distortions.  While perhaps better than no recourse at all, and certainly better than simply seizing hot assets and currency from unwitting recipients....it still diminishes the fungibility, as it is a cost and a deterrent....and will never be as good a solution as getting govt out entirely.
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:16:42
[&gt;Force functioned as the de facto Chief Compliance Officer for CoinMKT all the while employed as a DEA agent, even allowing himself to be featured in CoinMKT's "pitch decks" to venture capital investors and allowing himself to be listed as CoinMKT's anti-money laundering and/or compliance officer in order to benefit CoinMKT (a company in which Force had invested). ](
@_date: 2015-11-25 02:17:48
Who cares?  I don't understand why anyone here even lets tptb, or their peers or the media, or whoever, set the narrative on this.
Money laundering should not be a crime.  Full stop.  
Get out of our lives and our businesses, or we go dark.  This is not me trying to be extreme or 3edgy5m3 or whatever. . .this is the only practical and sane stance to take on the issue, and the only outcome that will promote a peaceful prosperous society.
In before the obligatory: "this is not gtfo!" comment . . . Fighting issues at their most proximate or immediate cause (such as worrying about what the mainstream thinks of bitcoin rather than making it truly valuable by hardening it against the irrational fears), is not practicality.  It is merely shortsightedness and has not worked out too well.  
The root cause of the problem here is not bitcoin, nor the dollar, nor teh eval banks, nor any crimes possibly enabled by bitcoin, nor is it even money laundering:  it is the mistaken belief that the benefits of banning peaceful action in order to preempt potential harm ever outweigh the consequences.  They almost never do.  Because "cost" and "benefit" mean nothing without value, and value lies only with individuals, not groups or collectives, and individuals can only express their values and preferences through action (by bearing the opportunity cost of obtaining their preferred value).  You cannot assert, nor measure that a greater benefit (a positive externality) exists when people are forced against their will explicitly to do or not do things.  You have already destroyed value at that point and you cannot measure what might have been, and thus do any kind of cost/benefit analysis.
Common sense and intuition can guide us in predicting that some externalities are worth the costs to individuals. . . but I assure you, if you take that road and are honest, you will find that the rules and regs and punishments, and uncertainty, and everything else that comes along with the regime of criminalizing money laundering itself and preempting its occurrence; has produced far more harm that it will ever produce good.  If you want to talk to me about preemptively striking an asteroid that's going to hit the earth and kill us all, by confiscating wealth. . . sure, lets talk.  But you cannot fully measure this (even value expressed through action goes far beyond monetary measures), and at the extremes of situations where intuition would dictate that the externalities are greater than the sum of individual costs; you are almost always going to have a situation where nearly all those individuals intuit this benefit as well and willingly bear the cost for the greater good.
Apply that lesson to just about anything else you want; parenting, gun-control, drug war, safety regulations, money laundering, etc.
Welcome to No, we don't just react in the narrow and immediate interest of the protocol.  We think rationally and logically and practically about how to actually change the world around us for the better.
@_date: 2015-10-14 03:33:47
Bro, you're not making an argument.  Actual shit is global too. . . but it's not money.  Bitcoin will likely become what everyone agrees is money.  It's not there yet.  Very simple.  Deal with the arguments or get over it.
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:43:47


Still not relevant to the analysis or the point the author made with the analysis....which was basically that misaligned incentive structures, created largely by government, produce the outcomes we observed.


Why is it "good", and good for whom?  Is it not possible that only some sellers and buyers made a decision they regret here?  Is it not possible (even likely) that many of them knew very well of these risks and calculated their expected rewards to be higher than even an eventuality like this?  Keep in mind that even if a survey were to reveal that the majority are very upset and want their money back, does not necessarily mean that they made an irrational decision.  
Why is it that so many people have this incurable tendency to view the behavior of others and so quickly label it as stupid...rather than trying to understand why these people continue to make these seemingly masochistic choices?
@_date: 2017-05-20 04:13:58
No, a lot of these are valid points or have a lot of truth to them, especially depending on your perspective. Many of us in the early days were pushing for better protocol anonymity, and development diversity.  We knew that the older and more successful bitcoin got, the harder it would be to fork the software or protocol. I personally think that bitcoin is *good enough*, but "could" have been much better. Good enough, that is, to become money...it was never going to be a cheap, convenient payment network on its own, to compete directly in that regard with centralized services.  Bitcoin definitely needs to scale, on-chain, like two years ago. But this has always been about money (a new unit of account), and the utility of it's in-built payment network is really only auxillary to that end.  
 &gt;Price is unstable and therefore the coin cannot be used as a unit of account. 


{Sigh}...you went full-retard here.  No, but really, I don't understand why this is such a hang-up for some people...
Like, how exactly do you think money develops on a market? How else do you propose that millions of people coordinate and agree upon the exchange value of the token?
This is part of why I said: "depending on your perspective".  See, if you want a money token that doesn't have to go through all this speculative and price-discovery volatility process, that's what governments are good for, and you have many monies to choose from. For some of us, the benefits that come with fiat money are just short-run upsides to a much more distorted societal price system that affects nearly everything.
Money is *the* network good. There is a coordination problem inherent to producing money on a market (without government declaring it's status and value and demand-sink of taxation, etc). 
That problem can be roughly summed up in this thought:  "why would I buy and hold a money to that few or no one else is using? If I buy it and everyone else doesn't follow suit, I become a bag holder (assurance problem); if I don't buy and hold right away, and it becomes a success anyway...I still get the benefit of enjoying a new money or monetary system...I'll just let others create the demand and buy a little when it's clear that I'm riding the wave up (free rider problems)." 
So, you can see the difficulties (which far outstrip the technical and political challenges that bitcoin is going through) inherent in trying to produce money, voluntarily and decentrally, on the market.  Markets tend to under-produce or slowly produce these public goods.  But markets do have mechanisms for overcoming the above explained coordination problems. One of these is lottery. And not necessarily lottery just in the formal sense, but also in the sense of prospects of great potential risk with great potential reward; such as the very speculative processes which you decry; the hype, the FOMO.  Lottery (which is also ingeniously embedded into the very mining protocol which keeps Bitcoin secure), serves to incent individuals to not free ride, be the initial risk-takers and visionaries, sometimes be the bag holders, and to coordinate the holding and eventual transaction loops between consumer, merchant, and vendor (rather than, example, just getting a few zealous bitcoiners to convince a few merchants to accept their bitcoin...only to have to turn around and sell it for fiat, so that they can pay their employees and vendors in fiat).
So with that in mind, can you see how silly it is to not only loath the volatility and speculation...but even to think that you could imagine a better way for bitcoin to become money voluntarily?
Money is the most saleable commodity in an economic sphere.  Bitcoin is not yet money. A money serves to a high degree as a unit of account, store of value, and medium of exchange. To become the most saleable commodity on a market, you've got to have properties which propel you into reasonably widespread or ubiquitous holding (gold had aesthetics and use in jewelry, etc...bitcoins got some utility inseperably from it's censorship resistant payment network...and ideological push from people like me...see: Kirzner on granularity of emergent phenomena and entrepreneurship), and you've got to have properties which ensconce and sustain you as the medium of indirect exchange (high levels of fungibility, divisibility, homogeneity, transportability, verifiability, scarcity, etc).  Bitcoin has a lot going for it in this regard...that tulips don't...it has properties which make bubble-like pricing exactly what it needs to come into ubiquity, and once there, to self-sustain....that is what money is: it's the one good that does get valued, not so much for itself, but for the ability to know that "the next fool" values and demands it; thus you value and demand it, thus the person who traded that money to you for your service or goods valued it, and so on.
So again, if market-based money is not important or even interesting to you, then bitcoin is not going to be something you should spend much time or effort on right now...and many of your points are salient.  But if it does matter to you, maybe my perspective here gives you some kind of clue as to why this has always been a necessarily libertarian (in the broadest sense) thing, and why "good enough" might just be good enough to maintain that first-mover advantage and change some things for the better in our world.
    
@_date: 2015-10-13 20:04:21
Then, by your definition, sex is money, and it may be worth your time exploring whether there's any significance in that kind of money, versus say a euro.
Yes, I agree with your logic of scale (i.e. there is more of a quantitative than qualitative difference), but consider what process turns any old commodity which has good monetary qualities (think: bitcoin now, or gold thousands of years ago, before it was money) into a money lIke the dollar....creating a money within an economy; a common, universal, unit of account for indirect exchange; is a public good.
I need to know, that you all know, that I know that we're all gonna accept of this commodity, and for what purchasing power against all other goods and services for sale...I need to incur costs and risk in acquiring this commodity, which I have no guarantee will be demanded more widely and as liquidly as the whole pool of goods and services....but if I don't do this, others probably will, so I'll free-ride on that until a money is produced and I benefit at no cost/risk to me....but if I do, others will not contribute because they feel that too many free riders will cause the effort to fail.
@_date: 2015-10-15 23:35:24
This is absolutely correct.  I've been using almost the exact same wording for years now:  the magic does not happen until bitcoin is money (or to the extent that it has become money. . . which it has to some extent or within certain limited spheres).
The classic buttcoiner exists precisely because they feed their incredulity of the grandiose things bitcoin is supposed to be able to accomplish, with a shallow view of bitcoin, based only upon what it is now (or simply a scaled version of what it is now).  The promise of bitcoin was never about being a payment network, a decentralized paypal, a way to stick it to bank fees.  This was always about what happens if and when bitcoin becomes money; the most saleable commodity.  When it is the unit of account.  Scaling the number of transactions per second that the network can handle/confirm is certainly going to be important moving forward. . . but this utility as a payment network is only secondary to the utility of a whole new monetary system which references the bitcoin unit.
I don't necessarily agree with the author that pegging and other technological solutions are going to be the primary means of getting from here to there.  But those will be part of it.  The continuing and most important entrepreneurial and speculative action right now is simply this:
Buy and hold.
Spending is not bad. . . but that spending needs to be organic and based upon real demand for bitcoin by the business accepting it.  While most firms are not in the business of being currency speculators on top of their normal operations; at a certain level of growth and decline of their currently accepted money. . . they will begin to demand bitcoins in their own right, the same way that they demand dollars or euros or yen now.  It is precisely the booms and busts, the price spikes, the FOMO that is the primary market mechanism which produces that lottery-like effect which helps to overcome the public goods problem inherent to producing a new monetary system on the market.
@_date: 2015-10-13 22:56:00


I agree.  You seem to be missing the nature of the thread and the inconsistency that I'm slowly, painfully, teasing out of and OP. 
I could be pedantic, like these two and show you how the good monetary properties (fungibility, divisibility, scarcity, homogeneity, etc) which make bitcoin (eventually) and gold (in the past) good money, and sex bad money; are really only absent or present in degrees:  every commodity has varying degrees of these qualities.  There is no commodity with perfect monetary properties (though bitcoin comes very very close), so there is no qualitative reason to say that sex isn't money, only a quantitative.
My original point and argument, which still stands, and is still being danced around in every conceivable way is this:  bitcoin is not yet money by any reasonable measure of that.  It is NOT yet widely serving as unit of account (a certain user has pointed out to me before, that most altcoins seem to price in bitcoin more consistently than they price in fiat. . .so that's a start), it is not widely used as store of value (too volatile for most people and many people still don't even know of the bitcoin option), however it is serving pretty widely as a medium of exchange.
Look, we call something a money when virtually everything that you can buy or sell for money is priced in it.  Very very very very very few things are priced in bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:19:45
I think you are correct, up until your last two paragraphs:
As you said, oil is not being used as unit of account...but neither is bitcoin.  Bitcoin is not yet money.  Money has a very specific definition and set of qualifucations, and there is an emergent process which market-based commodities and currencies undergo in order to achieve monetary status (especially unit of account).
Any commodity held widely and liquidly enough to be a money is going to be far more price stable than one before it enjoyed such liquidity.  Gold is much more volatile now than when it was held widely and used as money.  Gold is no longer money...not just because a government declared their fiat to be money, but because the effect of their actions in lieu of uncoupling their fiat from gold, have destroyed the moneyness of gold, and prevented the market from being able to choose and institute an emergent money.
I think that declaring bitcoin to be incapable of developing much greater price stability, based on your reasoning, is premature at best.  Bitcoin the unit has utility as a share of a very useful payment and contracting network.  But money utility is not yet presently a large component of its value.  Bitcoin also possesses properties which make it likely more able to overcome the forces which have, up to now, kept other market-based currencies from achieving dominance over fiat monies.  If the bitcoin unit can achieve unit of account status, it also presents far better monetary properties than gold or fiat or any other money before it.
Because of this future, or latent utility, we have good reason to expect bitcoin to continue to be held more widely, more deeply, and to increase in value and also price...up to such point that it's liquidity and utility to a high degree, enter into a virtuous cycle, and produce greater price stability.
@_date: 2018-04-30 17:39:49
That's all well and true...but misapplied to the situation.
I'm well aware that using these tools, we can broadly say that people are satisficers and respond to incentives and make decisions at the margin.
But statistical analysis is only narrowly useful to the claim being made, as it does not account for the individuals (which it must in this case) who, though possibly statistically insignificant (though I don't think that you are understanding how many other common situations in which people, thinking on the margin!, do not value food or water; such that it might actually be statistically significant at any given time), clearly don't value even these life-sustaining goods. 
In other words, the existence of even one person who does not value them, falsifies the claim that some value is "intrinsic", which implies an inward or naturally occurring property of a thing. And that is largely what people are saying here when they use that word: they are *not* simply saying that most people at most times will value food and air and water, thus we can bank on those things...otherwise they would make that the important factor, but they weren't, they were getting in to a philosophical debate about the nature of value.
Econ is my hobby actually; but statistical analysis of what large groups of people presently value on net, can't explain well why one day, black tar-like stuff coming out of the ground is a nuisance, and the next day one of the most valued commodities on earth. Understanding people's decisions also along individualist lines and the completely subjective nature of human valuations, can. Don't get so caught up in modern empirical tools, that you think static pictures of an economy are a complete picture; you tend to lose the dynamism which is there in entrepreneurial activities, and even the big changes which have come from those statistically insignificant people who didn't just think at the margin, but factored in the past, and thought more than one step ahead.
@_date: 2015-03-31 16:42:52


{sigh} your economist hat keeps falling off.  
Institutions matter.  You're not looking at the problem impartially, as evidenced by your original comment:


You still do not seem to grasp that what you are observing is the direct effects of massive government intervention. . . not "government free markets".  Do I need to go into the basics of the economics of black markets for you.  Yes, these dark-web markets, aided somewhat by Bitcoin were able to overcome some of the effects of the prohibition of drugs and other substances and services; and as we saw, the silk road and other dark markets have indeed taken some violence out of the equation and off of the streets (if we assume that not all dark market drug demand is new demand).
It's pretty messed up too, that you still sit here and call out DPR for a murder-for-hire plot, in light of the recent evidence of "rogue" agents of the state.  In any case, again; the whole point is that we should expect these types of outcomes; precisely because participants in the drug market are barred from a full complement of enforcement and justice services.  This is what happens when governments meddle in markets.


Sorry. . . but I don't need to produce that evidence for my claims to be valid.  Whatever has happened in the past, I'm more interested in what we can achieve in the future.


I absolutely agree with you on this!  Now, if you can connect the dots between this fact, and the fact despite this, I see ways for governance to emerge which is not coercive and centralized in nature. . . i.e. low-time-preference solutions to the same problems which governments (high time-preference solutions) were meant to solve.  Yes, we have advanced since the renaissance!  It's time our governance structures caught up.
@_date: 2015-10-13 19:31:37
Where is it being used as unit of account?  Where do you see people saying: "this coffee says it costs $4....how much is that in bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-03-26 15:54:50
^  this person or bot understands.
2 mBTC
@_date: 2015-10-13 22:11:44
Yes.  We've clearly been talking about money.  Bitcoin is not yet money.  It is most definitely being used as currency.
@_date: 2015-03-19 17:44:10
Technology has implications upon society and politics (and politics is largely about law, which is social technology).
We may not all agree as to what the implications of Bitcoin are, or what it's far-reaching effects will be; but it's hardly accurate to say that people make it political for personal reasons. . . any more than it would be accurate to say that people make minimum wage laws political for their own personal reasons.
@_date: 2017-07-03 18:02:50
The state multiplies its force by relying upon the threat of enforcement and uncertainty of risk, keeping the majority of people following their law, even if we all know they could never catch all of us.
If they relegate it to a black market, they have won. As a black market just becomes another Boogeyman they get to scare people with and grow their power. Value is destroyed or prevented for the people who are too scared to engage in black market activity, which will be most everyone.
@_date: 2015-03-10 20:23:20
I'm all for making comparisons, to help understand things better....but I don't think your comparison offers many parallels.
Stop thinking of Bitcoin as decentralized open- paypal, and start seeing BTC it for the proto-money commodity it is; add a healthy dose of understanding of how non-state monies developed; and I think you'll realize why.
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:10:12
You may be right.  And whether the author meant to himself imply that that is the case, or simply stated that people generally believe this to be true; either way it is not very applicable to the author's analysis...and in fact only underscores a possible bias on his part.
@_date: 2015-03-19 17:33:43
Pretty good analysis (other than the author's unnecessary insistence that "Drug dealers and drug buyers are not noted for being particularly trustworthy people.").  The incentives in play which the author lays out adequately describe the source of the behavior of the buyers, sellers, and operators of dark web markets.  No need to involve speculation at all as to their other pre-dispositions.  
This should at least serve as a decent reminder, to those who are so quick to [blame bitcoin or "stupid people"]( that incentives matter.  And that is why Bitcoin matters and why the actions of governments matter, and the very underlying existence of monopolies on law matter.
@_date: 2015-10-01 17:44:59
Venezuela is a democracy.  The people have decided that they want these rules in place for their protection (as we've seen that in the bitcoin wild west, without government protection, nothing but scammers exist).
Time to grow up and accept the responsibilities of living in civilized society!  
Okay, okay. . . so there's a lot of corruption in Venezuela and the election process. . .but the law is the law!  Other democracies are binary opposites of Venezuela and don't suffer from merely more sophisticated corruption schemes, no.  {insert favorite european country here} is totally utopia and proves that you just need the right regulations, and then corruption goes away and everyone is happy and everything the government does is then legitimate.
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:31:25


Glad there's more and more people who see that.  It's very important.  That Bitcoin is a *decent* payment network is great and all, and helps give utility to the fledgling proto-money bitcoin commodity.  But most people here seem to completely miss the importance of bitcoin becoming money (not just currency, and not just a payment network), an actual unit-of-account, store-of-value, and yes, medium-of-exchange money.  The unit of account status is the one which is arguably not achieved yet by bitcoin to any high degree.  It will be a long process, and yes, the demand for and liquidity of bitcoin markets will necessarily have to be much higher than they are today, in order for stability to prompt use of the bitcoin unit as unit of account, and for it's use as unit of account to promote greater stability.
The majority who focus on Bitcoin as just some kind of decentralized paypal, or a way to stick it to banks and credit card companies, have a very unfortunate and shallow view of the technology and economics surrounding Bitcoin and money in general, and it is no wonder we've seen some stagnation.
I couldn't care less if in 10 years, everybody is using credit cards still, and merchants are paying some fees for their service; I don't really care if 99% of transactions happen off-chain with centralized services. . . as long as the unit of account is BTC, and as long as the option is there for the average person to store their own coins and have access to node/transaction signing software. . . . that is what will make all the difference in this world, and will be what can actually strike a lot closer to the heart of the present power structure.  
2 mBTC
@_date: 2015-10-16 06:46:09
Thanks for the discussion, and I hope that you won't mind reading through a linked thread of mine from a few months back, since there is no easy or brief way to state my case and time constrains me right now to write an adequate personalized response.
@_date: 2015-10-16 05:30:27
No, I agree.  I don't think bitcoin alone, even if it were to displace fiat completely, would transform the political ideology of the world and end nation state governments.
But even making a dent in that is a huge thing, and is not going to happen via bitcoin-the-payment-network.  It could only happen via taking some direct control of money away from them.
@_date: 2015-10-31 14:03:55
Not anymore I dont!
@_date: 2015-10-13 22:09:14
You qualified money as any medium of exchange which could buy you dinner.  Sex can do that.  That it is a service is irrelevant.  Scale of usage (how widespread sex is as a currency) is irrelevant.
Some people, somewhere can and do use 1 episode of intercourse as a unit of account for a certain number of units of dinner.
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:33:07
Why do I have it backwards?
Also, even if it's true that politics affects technology....this does not necessarily mean that tech doesn't affect politics (which, again, is just a form of technology anyway). How does this negate my statement?
@_date: 2015-10-30 21:02:44
Holy fuck Voorhees.  You really just have to test my not-inconsiderable ability to trust  ideas and not put faith in fallible human beings, don't you...
All my bitcoins are belong to you.
5 mBTC
@_date: 2015-10-14 03:25:28
There's a reason why it is important to understand and make the case that bitcoin is not yet money; and that is because money developing on a market is subject to a classic public goods problem (as I explained higher in the thread).  
Gold existed, with all its glorious good potential money properties, long before it was money.  It likely took a long, long time for gold to develop into money on the market, because (before it was ever coined by kings and declared money) it developed into money via market mechanisms, which tend to be slower to overcome public goods problem.
Like gold, bitcoin is developing into a money on the market.  It is not going to be declared money by fiat and forced into circulation and acceptance.  Gold (and other physical commodities) have significant non-monetary use-value (e.g. jewelry) which essentially bootstrapped them into fairly wide circulation and ubiquitous, liquid ownership just for that reason.  Because of this, it was well poised to fill the role as a medium of indirect exchange (alleviating the double coincidence of wants in barter).  Bitcoin does not enjoy as readily apparent non-monetary use-value.  It needs to be socially bootstrapped into position as money.  It literally does require us (at least in order to accelerate the process) to be entrepreneurial and perceive of the future, much higher, value of bitcoin as a fully actualized unit of account money, and demand to hold as such.  The speculation and the price spikes are very healthy and expected price discovery behavior.  Markets use lotteries and lottery like conditions (the high risk, high reward gamble of investing in bitcoin) in order to overcome the public goods problems.  FOMO etc., prompts people to (whether they realize it or not) fund the creation of a sufficiently wide and liquid monetary base, and ignore fears of free riders (thrill or greed overcome this).
So many people are so disillusioned with bitcoin right now because they never understood how very much more valuable it could be (and the much more profound effects it will have upon our world), if it is held and demanded in it's own right, as a money. . . rather than just as a proxy currency; a payment network with which to compete with paypal and bank transfers.
Money is considered a network good by macroeconomists: which means that a large enough quantitative change in bitcoin's widespread use (as money) does in fact become something of a qualitative change, and an equilibrium of sorts is reached, with a certain saturation.
I agree that, with such good monetary properties; bitcoin is highly likely to achieve monetary status.  But no, I don't understand the strange hangup about acknowledging present tense and future tense.  Babies are not yet adults. . . even though they will be.  A caterpillar is not a butterfly even though it will be and it is in its makeup, its inherent properties to become so.  Bitcoin is not yet money, but I think it will be.
@_date: 2015-10-16 20:56:39
I assume you are the author, OP?
If so, holy fuck you get it!  Thank you for helping to promote this all important perspective of bitcoin as money and not just payment network.
3 mBTC
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:25:11
Too thin.
You show promise though.  If you work on understanding more deeply the philosophy you're satirizing; you may find that it simultaneously improves your delivery and challenges your beliefs.
@_date: 2015-03-22 00:05:14
Fungibility. Don't mess with it.  Instead, fix the interventions of the state, and their unwillingness to focus on achieving restitution by way of the perpetrator (rather than by way of society in general and taking it out on the currency).
@_date: 2015-10-18 04:13:50
Profit is not limited to money.  It is simply deriving more value/benefit than cost.  Value is highly subjective.  Helping the bitcoin network so that it's successful is likely to make the bitcoins you own worth more (even if your part in that is only very very small).  Moreover, the feeling of knowing you contributed and learned some cool things along the way and played a part in a historic experiment, is enough of a benefit for a lot of people to bear the cost of running a node. . . and still feel afterwards that they profited.  
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:12:26
Let us know if the loophole works out. If so, we should all be exploiting it.
@_date: 2015-10-18 04:59:39
Yeah, I think there would either have to be only an upvote button (and the site could take a small cut for hosting), or it would need to be a decentralized service, and moderation would be unpaid, or at least wholly separate from the voting revenue.  
I doubt that many users would be enticed by a platform that puts them in the red (debt?) for getting downvoted on net.
@_date: 2015-10-23 04:11:51
It is true that these VC funded bitcoin companies are going to need regulatory clarity in order to move forward and succeed....but let's not confuse the need to remove regulatory uncertainty, with a need for coercive government regulation.
@_date: 2015-03-31 15:57:45
Wow, thank you!  Very generous.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:43:37
Sorry, but the question and the article linked to underscores a common economic misunderstanding.
Here's the thing: Only individuals can set prices.  In an open market or a decentralized network (where one entity such as Coinbase cannot simply peg or set the price of each atomic unit of bitcoin to a certain amount of fiat or other asset), things do not cause supply and demand, and thus do not cause or set prices. . . .human action sets prices.  
The formula:  C*M/A   has little bearing on any real observed price; because of arbitrage.  
In fact there just happened to be a very relevant post and comment about this exact thing in earlier today.  See link [here](
Prices convey more than just cost and other arbitrary or non-arbitrary additions. . . they convey opportunity costs, weighed against the local knowledge and conditions of each market participant; a sort of aggregate of valuation.   Because of this, prices only emerge as a function of actual exchange, not formulae; they exist as an expression of bearing that opportunity cost.
This argument for somehow predicting or setting a Bitcoin-as-payment-network-only price, is just another permutation of the ever so popular, and equally false, idea of liking Bitcoin-the-technology, but not bitcoin-the-money.  A market price for the token or share of the network is still, and always will be necessary in order for, not only the mining incentive to work, but for there to be any consensus on, and thus utility of, the payment network.  There must be a price.
@_date: 2015-10-30 21:05:34
Keep digging and you'll personally make it 80 - 90%
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:40:58
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-09-21 17:55:07
Granm-Leach-Bliley is the perfect example of how regulation/intervention happens in layers.
Any of us market anarchists could have told you that repealing reg Q was going to produce bad results.  We could have told you that "deregulating" airlines wasn't going to be all fun and games.  We could have told you that "privatizing" prisons wasn't going to produce good results.  Many of us did predict or well understand that the bitcoin exchange markets and ecosystem in general were going to be fraught with fraud and theft.  When the primary interventions are still in place with all the moral hazard and unintended consequences it creates...of course, removing the higher layers which mitigated some of the ills, is going to produce bad results.  But this has absolutely nothing to do with free markets, as those were not allowed to exist and evolve competing solutions in the first place.
What you people fail to see is the primary interventions, and what came before-hand which produced the need for the further intervention by government or secondary and tertiary layers of regulation.  You seem completely unaware that seemingly unrelated regulations can and do produce unintended consequences all over the economy.
You think the bitcoin space was some kind of wild west free market?  Free markets don't exist where there is little to no access to proper law enforcement and adjudication; and of course no competition with the government is allowed.  Only black and grey markets exist in this no-man's land.  Do you not understand how massively regulatory uncertainty delayed and prohibited investment into and insurance of ventures in the space?  Or are you narrow-minded enough that you simply look at whether or not there is some explicit regulation on the books which satisfies your definition of a solution to the problem....and if it's not there, deem the cause to be "free markets"?
@_date: 2015-10-15 18:18:22


Well, then in that case, it's surprising that you should be a fan of bitcoin.  It is similar to fiat, paper money in that one sense.  
But no, here's the real explanation:  Value is subjective to the individual.  Value is not money.  Value is not wealth.  Value is often ethereal and abstract and not just based on use-value or tangible or observable benefits.  But most importantly, human beings have highly developed neo-cortexes and we can imagine and perceive of future value and future utility, and we can understand abstractions.  That is why we have money in the first place.  Human beings can understand that; even though nobody can eat this shiny rock or do anything with it right now that people tend to do with things they value, I can conceive of how everyone wanting this shiny rock and having liquid reserves of this shiny rock, would be extremely useful and valuable to us all (in order to alleviate the problem of the double-coincidence of wants and so we all have a shared unit of accounting in trade), and even valuable to those who do not now value or demand this shiny rock in its own right.  And yet, money (especially gold and silver money) **did** arise on markets.  We, as humans, had and have the ability to conceive of this future arrangement, and advocate to make it so. . . to sell people on the future value. . . to speculate.  Sometimes, especially when there's an already existing apparatus of central control and coercion, we take advantage of that apparatus in order to short-cut the production of this public good.  We use the false belief in the efficacy of the coercion of that central controller in order to force the market, to force people to obtain and use and circulate (and yes, to value) the unit of currency or the commodity which we believe makes the best money.  I assume that I don't need to go into why this method (though usually quicker in overcoming the public goods problem) is inferior and less desirable to allowing the market to take time and painstakingly suss out which commodity(ies) will best suit its needs; and to also let the market determine the relative and absolute money supply; and to also let the market perpetually present competition to the incumbent money.
And for these same reasons, fiat money; even when the issuing authority dissolves; can still have value and utility **as a money**, **as a network good**, even though nobody even wants or needs the paper that it is printed on to burn for heat.  See: the case of the [Somali Shilling]( for an [example]( of this.
This is why I have been arguing this entire time, that there are some qualitative differences (rather than just quantitative) between:  bitcoin being able to be used at a select few places to purchase dinner or coffee (as proxy for fiat), but even being used by a few small isolated groups of people as unit of account (such as altcoin traders who do tend to use bitcoin as the actual unit of account in which they calculate the value of their trades. . . though I will readily concede that in this small sphere, bitcoin is indeed money); between that and bitcoin actually becoming a network-good-unit-of-account.  Where it actually displaces other monies for the most part (because that is what money necessarily tends to do, otherwise it wouldn't be good money).  Where it's moneyness is not just limited to a small, obscure sphere of trade, but where it's moneyness extends to a sphere where it begins to disrupt really important things: like the apparatus which creates the fiat money which bitcoin is striving to displace. . .just to name one.  where, when you go to buy a coffee, or groceries, or pay your bills; you find it easier to calculate how much that coffee is worth to you in terms of satoshis than you do in terms of dollars (i.e., in your head, you're not just going: "okay, 0.0156 BTC, let's see. . . that's about 4 dollars...yeah, okay, I have a sense for what amount of time and effort 4 dollars represents to me.")  
When we're doing that in reverse in our heads; when we know what our effort and time are valued in in terms of bitcoin. .. when that is happening in a wide enough sphere of economic catallaxy, which encompasses the apparati, the institutions which cause the very troubles which bitcoin was created to alleviate, when this sphere extends to disrupting the taxation apparatus which produces an artificial demand sink which largely upholds the moneyness of that fiat and keeps competition artificially at bay. . . then, bitcoin is money.  Then bitcoin will actually be having the positive impact on the world, which I (and many others) were always excited about.
Bitcoin, as it is now, is next to nothing.  Not just because of scale.  It is not qualitatively performing functions which it can in the future perform.  Most people (even here in conceive of bitcoin so shallowly.  They thing that there's nothing left for it but to scale.  They think that (because right now at least) it is slightly cheaper than paypal or western union or bank transfers, that that is what makes bitcoin interesting or really valuable.  This mindset has got to die.  Buttcoiners exists because the amount of enthusiasm which exists over bitcoin legitimately seems misplaced. . . because they do not understand bitcoin as I have described.  They understand it as most others do. . . yet they see the enthusiasm from folks who understand it as I do, and who make sometimes grandiose speculations as to what it can accomplish. . . and that understandably seems ridiculous; because bitcoin in its current state can't possibly fulfill those speculations.  There is a quantitative change, which needs to take place, which is so many orders of magnitude larger, that it is in effect a qualitative change.
The question is whether than change can and will take place. . .and I believe it requires a certain degree of *willing* it to happen, of speculation, of understanding of money and the future, higher, value and utility of a completely new money-system (rather than just a decentralized paypal), and the understanding of the necessity of holding and demanding to hold the coin. . .in order to bring about a transition of bitcoin into moneyness within our lifetimes. 
@_date: 2015-10-07 19:12:19
Nonsense.  Banks do things that bitcoin does not do and is not meant to do. 
You really are missing the whole point if you think of bitcoin simply as some decentralized payment network with which to stick it to banks and their fees.
Now, which **money** banks end up dealing with and providing services for, is the real interesting question and the point of bitcoin (and yes, bitcoin's built in payment network will probably render some aspects of banks obsolete.)
@_date: 2015-10-18 04:27:24
Just out of curiosity, why not at least point your miner at P2Pool?  I mean, there's still a good deal of variance there, for the lottery feeling, and you might actually break even.
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:28:52


Like I said:


Now why would I, a starry-eyed worshipper of the invisible hand of the market, expect lots of theft and fraud in the space (including the darkmarkets)?
For the same reason (if to a lesser extent) that any good economist expects fraud and theft and violence to be a part of any black market (protip: "black market" is not some magical threshold of illegality or enforcement.  There is a spectrum there, the minute something is coercively banned...or even just restricted, though there are differing thresholds at which the activities surrounding that good or service produce what we would refer to as a black market).
Beneficial markets require law and regulation....but it doesnt have to be produced by a coercive monopoly.  Having some from the state is better than having none, but no honest person can expect that market-based laws and regulatory controls and competition will comprehensively emerge in the shadow of state dominance and control over competing providers of their core service (i.e. a black market for law is created).
Intervention happens in layers: the primary interventions and very existence of the state produce the most coarse grain of unintended consequences and distortion of the market.  A government can attempt to mitigate problems, through additional layers of intervention (each addressing the unintended consequences of the prior), but this is a process of diminishing returns and exponential costs to society (and that's assuming a benevolent govt and perfectly technically sound applications of the interventions, and within the confines of the inherent inability for a government to engage in economic calculation.)
@_date: 2015-11-03 19:50:56
Hodling is always good advice at this stage.  
But no, there is nothing wrong (and potentially a lot right) about getting friends and family interested in transfering at least a small portion of their current wealth into an asset which is likely to help mitigate the losses which will come about through monetary and fiscal failures.  Just make sure you are able to take requusite time to explain the nature of the risks and the nature of money in general.  If you dont understand monetary economics, and Thiers law, and the market failures inherent to centrally or democratically controlled money, then no, don't try to explain this risky investment to your friends and family.  On the other hand, in that case, you may need to reconsider why you are invested and interested in bitcoin.
 
In fact, if you don't understand that there is a point to the pumps and dumps (how they are a market mechanism for overcoming a public goods problem), you probably should not be making a post of this nature.  You have less local knowledge than others' do, and do not know their subjective preferences.  
Do not tell people not to speculate.  Just offer your understanding of the risks and rewards.  Explain that bitcoin price is likely to continue to go through a series of pumps and dumps.  Let them see the price history and make up their own minds.
@_date: 2016-05-19 05:22:01
Interesting discussion...but this exact conversation has been rehashed over and over so many times without any nuance...without any acknowledgement that there is a spectrum here, not a binary:
Cost of exit, friends.  Costs include, but transcend money.  
Most people find it extremely costly to opt out of their nation-state (must leave all friends and family, possibly permanently, exit taxes, expensive move, flights, no prospects for income in another country, no place practically left on earth that isn't claimed by a country, certainly no developed and capitalized civilization that is not roughly the same thing as you are leaving).
Most people change jobs at least several times in their lives...even in very poor places.  Quitting (cost of job exit) can be scary and stressful, and of course even financially ruinous sometimes...but more often than not, it actually leads people to better opportunities.
More importantly, the scarcity that one is threatened with if one quits a job is unavoidable and not man-made. OTOH, most the costs we bear in escaping the state are directly goverment-created. Man-made. Social structures.
All that us thinking people want is for people to at least try to organize society in such a way as to minimize these artificial costs of governance exit, which somewhat paradoxically, will tend to ease the costs of employment exit, and simultaneously ease cushion the distance between us and the hard or natural scarcities which exist absent an income. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 01:28:05
I present to you: [Dorian The Wise](
@_date: 2015-03-19 16:01:35
Ding ding ding!
But let's just all put on blinders instead, and pretend the underlying social and legal structure is exactly as it should be, and couldn't possibly be any other way.
Let's all just pretend that black markets don't of necessity always suffer from these problems of violence and theft and lack of accountability and trust.
Let's all just pretend that the existence of a monopoly state and their wars on victimless activities has not created the very conditions whereby those consumers have no where else to go but shady street corners in bad neighborhoods, or shady websites where they can at least avoid the physical threats they face on the street.  Let's pretend that the monopolization of law and the prohibition of legal markets for these substances has nothing to do with the seemingly foolish consumer behaviors, and with the lack of protective (market-based) regulation.
And finally, we'll all stretch out our imagination wings and pretend that this is all a design flaw with bitcoin....even though nobody ever has held any other currency's properties so directly responsible for the the way those currencies were spent or for the very predictable outcomes of prohibition.
@_date: 2015-02-01 07:26:06
@_date: 2015-10-23 22:45:08
Well, in those cases it usually means: "tell us what we can get, for a relatively small political price, to keep competition at bay".
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:11:01
Developing an effective KYC/AML program is left largely up to the MSB (i.e FinCen is vague on requirements, but strict on outcomes they don't like).  I would guess that there are many aspects of each MSB's particular program that cannot be divulged without compromising the integrity or effectiveness of that program.  Coinbase can't have  "criminals" (criminals in the state's eyes) knowing what they are monitoring and how; Coinbase has to stay one step ahead of any and all schemes which people come up with to get around each iteration of their AML/KYC program.  So no likely specific mandate from the government to stay silent; just necessary evils of complying with the outcomes that the government demands.
The real question is why people continue to give the government a near complete hall pass on this, while constantly badgering these businesses trying to comply with these requirements . . . .and it seems to usually be the same people who insist they wanted state regulation of bitcoin businesses, who are so shocked and dismayed at the outcome.  Statism truly is a religion, and public schooling has effectively put blinders on people as to the source of many problems in society and the market economy.
@_date: 2017-07-03 17:57:12
I don't celebrate it the way you seem too; but yeah, the naivete surrounding this drives me crazy.
Even in the u.s., Bitcoin is already effectively largely regulated by being classified as a capital good (have to track and report and pay capital gains on it is a huge roadblock to it being used as currency) and the AML/KYC requirements, often enforced even on OTC sellers.
Governments could never stop the black market use of the Bitcoin network...but they could certainly relegate it to that, the minute they wanted to crack down on its usage.
@_date: 2017-07-16 19:25:40


Oh, the irony.
Besides that little window into the small mind of the author, the article is really not interesting because it is just another in a long, long line of articles and comments, by yet more people who do not understand money...that is, the coordination problems inherent in producing money on a market; that bitcoin is not yet money, and that the volatility (which is still slowly decreasing), is both necessary for turning a commodity into money, and is expected (well, by those of us who understand money and what was going to be entailed in this bitcoin experiment).
@_date: 2015-02-26 06:45:43


Economic analysis is a ~~pseudo~~ social science, and presents significant limitations to empirical methods.  FTFY.  


If that person was YOU, and YOU had NOT spent your 126,315 BTC on SatoshiDice, and you had instead done absolutely nothing, and taken zero risk, you would've made about $100,000,000. Instead, the decision to buy out SatoshiDice costed you $100,000,000.
{sigh}  Do you people even read.  You're making the exact error and fallacy I made explicit when I said:


Look, I don't go around saying that fiat with it's moderate inflation makes lenders run around like chickens with their heads cut off sharking money out for negative interest rates and remain a permanent underclass because they can't charge a positive interest rate (i.e. the corollary of what you're saying).  With moderate inflation and slowish increases to the overall level of prices; people still save . . .some.  Lenders don't throw cash out of helicopters, and can still make a living.  And people still (usually) put some money down on the houses and cars they finance and don't go into (long-term) debt for clothing and food and everyday items (again, usually. . .not saying we don't credit card problems either).  But my point is: the world doesn't implode.  Neither would the world economy implode under a slowly appreciating money which allowed people to not have to get credit lines for such minimal things, and would allow much larger down-payments on things like homes, which means that lenders can/would charge probably very high interest rates in order to extend credit (i.e. rates that exceed the observed and expected appreciation of their money should they hold it instead).  That's what interest rates are:  the price of money; and a coordinating mechanism in the economy and between the various stages of production and consumption.
Nobody is claiming that a commodity as volatile as a BTC is or could be money in it's current state of fluctuation.  It is not even deflationary, right now; and has a long way to go before it is held widely and liquidly enough to become a unit of account (and this function is a key feature of money).
@_date: 2015-03-24 03:46:07
Cool.  Have fun playing the 1 step forward, 2 steps backwards game with government.  
In the mean time, it can't hurt to progress technologies which don't leave us at the mercy of how politically active and vigilant we all remain, but instead, virtually deny the state from being able to do what it wants to do.
There is a public goods problem inherent to the masses organizing against political power and special interest. . . and on top of it, we pay this political class to sit around all day and think of new ways to hide or market their garbage legislation from public scrutiny, or to find loopholes and enforce their will, through innumerable laws. . . so, it's kind of silly to trust in and generally rely upon the political process in order to achieve laws which favor the common good (if there could even be such a thing).
But hey, remember to vote harder next time, and good luck with your religious worship of the state-god.
@_date: 2015-02-12 21:45:00
Or even centralized services like credit cards funded with bitcoin.
I've said for a long time that a lot of people here are going to be very disillusioned with Bitcoin if they understand it simply as some kind of slightly cheaper payments network with which to stick it to the banks and cc companies and paypal.  There is nothing revolutionary about bitcoin if we conceive of it shallowly...as anything less than a proto-money that needs to be bootstrapped into a full-blown unit-of-account money.
@_date: 2015-02-07 19:44:40
A lot of people, everywhere, have very jaded and misinformed opinions about a lot of things. . . especially things based largely on logic and which produce paradoxical outcomes.  Economics is one of those things generally speaking (and specifically Austrian econ and a lot of classical micro-foundational things).  Some political philosophies such as individualist anarchist schools of thought . . . and of course, Bitcoin.  Public schools are notoriously poor at teaching logic and epistemology and have created generations of educated retards who shout "fact!" at nearly everything they see and believe that only inductive reasoning is the only way to obtain knowledge about all things, and they see data sets or collections of facts as themselves being proofs of causation or disproofs of all types of theories.
These types of logical constructs and ideas like Bitcoin and certain monetary theories all generate a lot of hate and organized counter movements against them. . . primarily from those who cannot accurately restate a single premise.  The hate and misinformation is propagated through the rest of society, which is understandably leery of things which don't even fit into any kind of paradigm which they were ever taught, or given a framework whereby to consider on their own.  The technicality of these ideas also augments their seeming inaccessible to them. . . .but does not excuse the willful ignorance of those who advocate the hate and spread the misinformation.
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:56:28


You don't have to.  That's one of the beauties of bitcoin: you don't have to use centralized services if you don't want to...but many people will still want and need credit lines, and desire immediacy (e.g. the use cases where waiting for enough confirmations in meatspace is not feasible) and ease that can come with centralized services built on top of bitcoin.  But you are missing the point if you think that all bitcoin is for is to be a competing payments rail....as JGarzik discussed: meeting every need in that respect and competing with centralized services moving forward won't be, and can't be the development path for bitcoin. 


Yes, that's basically what I said. Did you not read my comment?
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:59:44
I don't share your optimism, but I like your style.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:16:14
The stupidity required to believe that government regulations could save, instead of stifle Bitcoin, is staggering.
Yes, there's probably some money that is waiting to move into the space when the regulatory environment is more clear....but that doesn't mean businesses and consumers want monopolized regulations....what they want is to simply remove the sword of legal uncertainty hanging over their heads before they can justify investing resources in the space.  People want protections as well...but they don't necessarily want these bitlicense protections (nauseating to even call them that), and they certainly would see that voluntary competing options would give them much better results and lower costs, if the government weren't there in the first place; crowding out, prohibiting, and otherwise monopolizing this industry.
@_date: 2015-02-13 04:56:57


Absolutely.  Please don't think that my focus on bitcoin as money means that I think the network merely needs to be some behind the scenes, high-level clearinghouse that only handles inter-bank transfers.  I just don't see that micro-payments **has** to happen on blockchain (though it might, with nTimeLock scripts or sidechains or whatnot), in order to really succeed.  I certainly don't see that the devs should need to fret over block size ceilings, decade after decade. . . I think we can find a way to allow market pricing to more objectively and constantly adjust block size. . . but even if we don't; we'll be alright, and solutions for transaction limits will be solved just as well, if not better, when we're at the crisis point anyway.  Prices allow the network to best aggregate what users and nodes and miners want, with opportunity costs are factored in so I think that would be the preferable mechanism with which to adjust block size.


Couldn't agree more.  In fact, the network is in a sense, over secured right now, largely due to the block reward phase that we're in, and also due to lingering ideological exuberance which drives a lot of miners still to operate at a loss.  The same global hashrate currently securing the network would be perfectly robust enough (if maybe a little centralized for some peoples' taste right now) to secure a much larger, higher-throughput network.  The marginal energy cost required to secure each transaction is very very low at this point.
@_date: 2015-02-10 17:44:01
Sorry...but you are woefully under informed about Austrian Econ.  You should actually study it, and you'd find that the austrian conception of the market is, if anything a macrocosm of the very p2p networks you seem to think are at odds with this tradition, which you for some inexplicable reason think is all about hierarchies.
You understand, don't you, that a lot of us Austrians were early adopters were the first to latch on to the idea, and comprehend it as more than just feasible, but revolutionary?  While most everyone else was saying things like "Bitcoin is one of those things that doesn't  work in theory but seems to work in practice"....we were saying "maybe your theory is just wrong".  
You only attack a straw man when you imagine that a strict application of austrian method would not predict or allow for peers to have incentive to upload a large blockchain.  It is, in fact, only the austrian school which conceives of markets and economies holistically; as all valuations and exchanges of value...and not just pecuniary transactions.
So, tell me again how boring and outdated the Austrians are.
@_date: 2015-02-10 06:38:00


Yes.  And please understand that I don't think that this is a terribly bad solution by any means.  I don't think either solution spells salvation or disaster for Bitcoin either way.  


But people don't want to give miners that much power to control a network parameter, and I understand this concern, so we're left with a fixed geometric hard limit growth rate.
I just want to make sure that the wider bitcoin community has the mindset to try to use decentralized, market mechanisms as much as possible, rather than relying on central control. . . if it can be avoided.  I also can't help but feel that your pronouncement of us being "left with a fixed geometric hard limit. . " is a bit premature.  I'm sorry, but your attempt at conceiving of a floating price was not exhaustive and certainly didn't seem to understand that the whole point of (and outcome of) allowing a floating market price is that neither you nor I, nor Gavin nor any other developers need to worry our pretty little heads about average global bandwidth prices and bitcoin exchange prices. . . since those prices will become inputs to the value proposition for the miner, full-node operator, and fee-paying bitcoin user.  Their valuations, influenced highly by some of the lower-boundary fixed costs like bandwidth, will create a fluctuating marginal price for each transaction (and perhaps even with relative price schedules for varying speeds of probable confirmation).  That some areas of the globe might experience an aggregate pricing which agrees less with their local bandwidth costs is no more consequential than the fact that mining also varies in profitability from region to region, based on electricity costs and other costs.
Maybe there needs to be some reward (perhaps a share of transaction fees) which go to full nodes in addition to miners, incentivizing full nodes to operate and to relay transactions, and allowing them to prioritize high fee transactions over low fee. Payment schedules could be relative to connectivity of the node and longevity.  Block size then becomes a free-floating function of the amount of fees paid; a larger total payment naturally facilitates the ability to relay, verify, and mine a larger block of transactions into the blockchain.  This does not entirely negatively externalize upon the non-mining full-nodes who must host the larger chain, because they have been paid commensurately to the number and size of blocks; and as a function of their longevity on the network.  This also does not leave the block size lever entirely in the hands of the miners.
All that said. . . .again, I do not by any means claim to know how best to technically implement this, nor to have considered what side effects or unintended consequences may come of so drastically adding to the incentive structure of the network. . . I don't intend for my above system to be taken seriously at all (it probably sucks, and introduces way more problems than it solves).  My point is that it seems more that ideology, not technical feasibility is what stands in the way of trying to allow prices to control as many aspects of the network as possible.  I'm not one to think that the sky is falling with any of this, and feel very confident that ingenious solutions will come about, in this marketplace of ideas, commensurate to their need and priority.  In fact, with these types of things, we tend to be better off waiting until the last minute; as we are far more likely to have better and more relevant solutions in the future and closer to the problem, than we do now.
@_date: 2015-10-13 19:08:21
You could pay for your dinner with sex a few places....but sex isn't money.
Bitcoin does not yet widely serve all 3 major functions of money:
Unit of account, store of value, medium of exchange.
I'm as big of a bitcoin fanatic as anyone here, but understanding what money is, and that bitcoin is not there, is a major component in bootstrapping it into money, and understanding the primacy of hodl.
@_date: 2015-10-16 00:53:17
No, you don't get it!  When enough people vote on something and decide to be an entity; their decisions magically have authority and legitimacy and morality which is greater than the sum of the parts.  You signed on to this social contract when you chose to be born within the borders you did; which social contract is an imperative and the only way to achieve and organize a civilized society. . . based upon my lack of economics training.
@_date: 2015-02-27 07:16:37
Price is not value.  Price is discovery of value; chases value; tends toward a kind of aggregate of the values of the market actors involved, but is not value.
I'm not at all suggesting that people don't follow your advice generally in terms of investing in bitcoin; but something like the bitcoin currency unit, that is *trying* to become a money, is very different than a stock or even other commodities:  it's utility *is*, in fact higher, the more people there are that use, hold, and value it (i.e. network effect; which money is completely beholden to; the ultimate child of network effects).  So if price, being one of the few ways we have to gauge potential adoption, is used as an indicator of utility; then there is some rationale to the buyer who hedges their bets during an upswing.
You have to understand that, unless Bitcoin is indeed dead or irrevocably dying, then there is still much instability to come and probably many more rounds of bubble and bust.  
There are only two ways for a money (a system of indirect exchange; which is something of a public good) to come about: by fiat/coercive decree (that's the "easy" way), or by a lengthy process of evolution and emergent order amongst market commodities.  Money is necessarily the most saleable commodity, the most liquid.  It must have a price, in order to serve it's function and be a unit of account.  The pre-money utility or use-value of a commodity aids it in bridging the gap between commodity and money; and the reason a commodity might tend towards becoming money and maintain that status is if it has good monetary properties (i.e. fungibility, durability, divisibility, scarcity, etc.).  It is a rocky path for any commodity to bridge this price gap, and without central, coercive decree, there is no good easy way to get lots of people holding and valuing the commodity in the first place, such that it can easily emerge as a unit of indirect exchange, other than by it's use value (or what some people call "intrinsic" value), and also by the persuasion of entrepreneurs who help others to see the future or potential value of the thing as money.
A bitcoin, arguably, has less non-monetary use-value than other prior money commodities such as gold or grain, etc. so it may have a larger gap to bridge, so to speak.  But it does have much value already, and it is indeed a share of a very valuable network, called the Bitcoin network.  But in any case, there is a large pricing and liquidity and adoption gap which needs to be bridged in order for bitcoin to become money.
The point is this: when you understand what I've just explained, and you perceive how far bitcoin is from monetary status and liquidity: just stop and contemplate the  amount of demand that will necessarily come to bear on the bitcoin market (assuming it does continue towards money). . . or on the other hand, imagine how unlikely it is that holders and merchants, and investors will continue to value the bitcoin unit in its current state; if it seems destined to remain in this state. . . if it does not become money and achieve that virtuous cycle of monetary demand and liquidity and become the most universal reference, the unit of account in the (or an) economy.
No, wishing for price stability right now, or trying to stabilize the price swings by fighting psychology and preaching temperance is probably a vain endeavor.  Bitcoin either dies away (maybe finds some small niche), or it's unit purchasing power (exchange price) goes much, much higher than it is now. . . and there is no stopping the volatility which will accompany that type of action.
@_date: 2015-02-26 07:53:24


I never made this about just consumers, nor suggested that either environment is rainbows and sunshine.  You are fundamentally failing to see that the market's production of wealth is largely money-agnostic, and that there are equal and opposite feedback mechanisms to either side of the coin; both in the way markets regulate the supply of money, and how they adapt to the underlying nature of the supply of their money.


Wait, I'm confused. . . is "risk taking" inherently good?  How much risk taking should their be in a healthy economy?  Besides, you're still ignoring that both investor and consumer facets of the market see an effective hedge in equal and opposite reaction to the additional risk of lending/borrowing capital.  The question is: how much risk is necessary?  And what happens when all those consumers are now able to be investors too?  Interest rates help inform market actors of this very thing.


I'm even more confused. . . you're worried about investors. . . now you want to soak those rich bastards and their dirty profits . . . are profits not good?  Do I also need to spell out how markets tend towards an equilibrium and bring profits down as prices go toward the marginal costs of production?  Or perhaps you do suffer from a status-quo blindness and implicate the nature of markets for the things you see in real life today; when what you mostly observe is in fact massive distortions of market function.


Indeed.  Societal upheavals are never pretty . . . but don't blame the fever or the bitter medicine; look to the infection which necessitated those things.  Things might just get better.
edit: corrected statement to say prices, not profits moving towards marginal costs.
@_date: 2015-02-13 02:42:01


I explained why not, and I qualified with: Bitcoin is not destined **just** to be a slightly cheaper payment network.  I think it's a great payment network. . . but that's hardly a revolutionary thing, and a decentralized service is never going to be able to keep up with many aspects of what centralized networks will be able to (e.g. speed, ease of use).  You don't decentralize the provision of money in order to make the next shiny, new, user-friendly toy. . . to compete with Apple's walled-garden.  You do a disservice to Bitcoin's potential if you propagate this shallow understanding of it to crowds of lay-people (who adopt this outlook of Bitcoin as some kind of polished new offering from some Silicon Valley dudes, including that Bitcoin CEO who ran off with all the money).  And these people can plainly see that Bitcoin does not really compare to the other payment options they have available to them in the first world, and at best, think that with time and development. . . it may become a worthwhile curiosity by which they can micropay for songs or bypass an ad or paywall on an article.
No.  Count me out that complete disregard for what bitcoin was originally intended to be and what it can be and what it will need to be in order for the network effect to self-sustain (i.e. most of bitcoin's value is embodied in the comprehension of it's future value as money, and must achieve monetary status in order to hold value in and of itself as unit of account, store of value, and, as it already does well: medium of exchange).


Negative.  It is not yet money.  Being able to spend it without intermediaries is an important component of why a lot of people value it. . . but spend what?  Nobody would value being able to spend a valueless unit.  But there is, as I explained above, an understanding for many of us, of the monetary component, which is a future or latent utility of bitcoin.  We value it for this, and even value it aesthetically, and we are trying to bootstrap it into monetary liquidity and ubiquity.  
@_date: 2015-02-13 02:45:35
I'm not sure what you're saying.  Just to be clear. . . I'm more than confident that Bitcoin will be able to support worldwide payment volumes. . . .but not if the value of the unit currency hangs in limbo for ever.  It's value (and thus price) is not stable currently.  That's fine.  That's a good thing right now.  But it is only a good symptom of a process of evolution into monetary status.  If it does not achieve this status; the fervor and the speculation and the network effect will wane and die off.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:00:46
Winner winner, chicken dinner.
If there were no such thing as counter-party risk, and if governments didn't operate under the incentives which they do, then there would be very little to gain by not just using a centralized, managed ledger...
But that is not the universe in which we live.  Value is separate from price and cost; and efficiency alone does not dictate what paths the market takes. Otherwise we would not have interest in relatively more expensive, decentralized, systems.
You don't have to be rabidly anti-government to understand that many of these decentralized systems like Bitcoin, are inherently antithetical to the state's ends.
I'm sorry that reality offends some people; but a modern nation state simply cannot exist in its current form if it does not have almost full control over the money used by its subjects.
That doesn't mean that Bitcoin is a shoe-in, or will necessarily topple governments (a common strawman hyperbolized by the rabid anti-anarchists)...but if bitcoin were to actually achieve money status; it could likely crowd out some nations' fiat monies and thus a large portion of their macroeconomic and confiscatory control.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:30:19
Right.  Too many people don't understand what prices and markets are.  It's not that theymos doesn't have good points. . . it's just that the tendency by most people is to see an issue (e.g. a negative externality or a public good problem), and assume the market will fail. . . rather than trying to understand where the pricing system is being blocked or hindered in some way, and that that is the source of the market failure.  Rather, they want to abandon the pricing mechanism at every turn and try to centrally manage the protocol.
For example;  Theymos claims there's no incentive promoting decentralization. . . frankly, I've always thought it a little strange that Satoshi did not include a mechanism for incentivizing full node operators (for example, perhaps by distributing a share of transaction fees to nodes relaying transactions, based on connectivity, longevity, etc.).  I can only assume this was because, at least initially, Satoshi probably imagined that most people who ran full nodes, would also mine (or vice versa).  And of course, I don't claim to have the technical expertise to say whether that sort of mechanism would be feasible, or have higher opportunity costs.  Point being, there are not fundamental problems with allowing the pricing mechanism to work. . . there are simply just areas (sometimes not obvious) where the pricing system has been prohibited from working by some aspect of the protocol, which sets up some kind of apparent market failure in another area. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:58:23
Hmmm....that's odd.  Seeing as I [posted my version](  3 hours prior to submission....if anything, it's idea.
Not that I care that much. I mean, it was a 10 minute sloppy photoshop job on someone's hard work.  But it's very telling that the butters would try to claim it. Let's face it; they're not very smart....we do a better job of making fun of ourselves.
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:46:17
Or, work to make bitcoin effectively anonymous/ anonymous enough to destroy any practical and widespread ability to require and to execute scrutiny of coins/transaction.
I never said it was an easy problem to solve, one way or the other.  But if we truly want to be practical, we would not be dicking around with appeasement and half measures and enabling of the present system.  The most practical thing of all is to kill many birds with one stone and build our bitcoin economy as entirely outside the current mainstream and state control as possible, and mainstream demand will follow...and changes to governance will follow that.
@_date: 2015-02-23 17:50:10
Milly is upset that she does not understand the anti-state implications which flow from understanding Bitcoin on a technical and economic level.  She is afraid of what the masses will think, and has a desire to control the actions of others, with force if necessary.
She is upset that, while no one is forcing her to see the implications of Bitcoin in that way, that there are smart, level-headed and technically competent people who do....this undermines her inability to logically deal with their political philosophy, since she cannot now ad hominem her way into getting others to ignore the validity of the political arguments.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:55:52
Technology is a double-edged sword for both the state and individuals.
@_date: 2015-10-16 20:02:20
Good on you and don't ever let numbskulls like me stop you from enjoying what you like.
@_date: 2015-02-13 00:20:10
I agree generally that some of the core developers have taken a little bit of a central planning attitude (as opposed to trying to allow market pricing to control as many aspects of the protocol as possible), but don't you think that JGarzik is doing the opposite here and exhibiting (at least in this case) his understanding of both the technical and economic necessities of leaving the protocol well-enough alone, thereby allowing it to be a blank canvas on which we can build higher layers of service and payment protocols?
@_date: 2015-03-31 06:21:13
Not to add fuel to a highly speculative fire. . . but it struck me as odd, from the beginning of the Mt. Gox troubles and collapse, that hardly any attention was paid to the fact that the Feds were freezing and seizing Mt. Gox accounts, and interfering in ways in which we don't fully know yet (and may never).
Even as someone who expects and has expected that, on a fundamental level, the Bitcoin space would be rife with theft and fraud at this stage, and while victims of theft in the space have neither the full protection of state law enforcement, nor the benefit of a free market for such services and the development of solutions outside the shadow of the state monopoly. . . . I have to admit that even with that in mind, I find  many of these thefts and frauds and happenings in the space to be especially strange, and the dots never quite fully connected.
While I hold that governments will eventually learn to fear Bitcoin and other decentralizing technologies. . . I think it is fair to say that they don't yet.  And yet, it doesn't take a massive conspiracy of government against Bitcoin itself in order to provide adequately convincing stories for why various U.S. agencies may have been involved (from early on) in many of the incidences which have marred the reputation of the community and the security of the protocol.  Asset forfeiture and prosecutorial prize alone (as we have seen from recent events) are enough to draw in state involvement in almost all areas of the industry.
The problem isn't that government malfeasance is never caught: it's that when it is; people like clockwork. . . like religious rite. . . turn a blind eye to the nature of the incentive structure inherent to monopoly governance and majority rule; and instead, insist that this is merely some bug in an otherwise wonderful system of organizing society.  Democracy, if anything, allows people to believe that they have given up their religious fervor and their ignorant belief in divine right of kings and rulers. . . by replacing it with an equally religious deference to institutions and office and procedure and the ceremonious illusions of authority which mask what is otherwise a truth which causes a cognitive dissonance in the mind of the believer.
We will discover plenty about government involvement (however sinister or benign that involvement may have been). . . but it will not likely change how the masses fundamentally view and scrutinize the institutions of social organization which we rely upon.   But, the more they keep hurting people; the more they keep disadvantaging their own citizens; the more people will turn to counter-economic solutions like Bitcoin. . . not ideologically, but simply as a matter of need and rational self interest.
@_date: 2015-02-23 06:58:35
No, that's not the free market.  When are you state-educated morons going to learn to look beyond first order cause and effect?


Hmmm....I wonder why that is?  Could it possibly have anything to do with the onerous and uncertain regulations that exchanges and MSBs are under?  Could it be that government has already destroyed or created hurdles to the easiest and most natural ways of acquiring and trading bitcoin, and relative anonymity?  Could that and other various state and local laws have slowed or reversed the spread of bitcoin ATMs?  Could tax law, which treats a currency unit intended to be used as money as a capital asset possibly have cooled adoption and stifled certain uses?  Could the government's coercive  monopoly on policing and justice services possibly have prevented, crowded out or slowed the development of more applicable and efficient market based mechanisms and services for achieving restitution and arbitration...leaving us with only unequipped and unwilling police and court services with no competition?  Could the government's meddling with and freezing accounts of MtGox have possibly created the start of some unrecoverable problems.  More importantly, could it possibly be that the predominance of just a few exchanges, including mtgox, was largely caused by the fact that development and investment into the space was all but chilled by the regulatory uncertainty and burdens...thus leaving little to no competition, and centralizing the failure?  Could it possibly be that the reason why Coinbase and others spy on their user's transactions, is not because they derive sick satisfaction, but because they have to?
@_date: 2015-02-13 04:35:59
So build decentralized services that allow non-technical users to easily secure and manage their BTC, make high-value in-person transactions with the speed and ease of credit cards, and have access to credit markets when needed.
I'm behind you all the way, and I'm not betting against us making all this happen as well.  But it still pales in comparison to the benefit to society that will be derived from being able to escape government money, to market-based money.
@_date: 2015-02-08 07:13:57
You are correct and I should have specified the condition of: "to a high degree".
Please note that I did clarify, a couple comments down, that bitcoins do fulfill medium of exchange and store of value to a certain degree....however that unit of account status is conspicuously and glaringly lacking.  That is the pinnacle of moneyness.  Lots of commodities serve as medium of exchange and store of value....but only the commodity which is money, gets everything else priced in *it*.  
I do not know of any goods or services which are priced in BTC...except maybe some altcoins on exchange...but I'm even skeptical of that, since their price seems to track the dollar price more closely than the BTC price.  But I'm open to the possibility that this could be one place where prices begin to emerge in BTC.
Anyhow, it is obvious that a great deal more liquidity and purchasing power stability is needed for any rational individuals to price their goods by bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-08 01:46:32
This man gets it.
Bitcoin haters and skeptics do not get it.  Bitcoin is constantly compared to centralized payment systems, and developed/existing money.  
Bitcoin is not yet money.  It's destiny is money or bust.  People persistently confuse the non-monetary use-value of commodities like gold as being necessary for "backing" the money or currency.  The use-value  (or any other value, such as aesthetic) of a proto-money commodity is useful in bootstrapping it into monetary status; but bears little effect on it's usefulness and value as money (and indeed can even hamper it). 
As compared with gold or silver or even shells; bitcoin (the unit itself) has relatively little use value; but if it can achieve monetary status/liquidity, it possesses properties which give it the potential to be a much more efficient money than any before it.  That is why network effect, and the bootstrapping of value of the Bitcoin network; is so important.  We are performing an unprecedented social experiment here; whereby we are attempting to will a commodity (and a new type of commodity for that matter) into money.  If one stops to contemplate the amount of time and complex emergent catallaxy which occurred (over long periods of time) in order for prior market commodities to evolve into moneyness. . . and when one stops to contemplate the pervasiveness of force and fraud which was and is necessary for a government to impose a fiat money . . . it should become clear just what a monumental undertaking this is for us as Bitcoin users and early adopters, and for the market itself to come to conceive (in an emergent sense) of just how much better bitcoin would be than the incumbent monies.  Not to mention the deliberate force and fraud which governments and banks are and will use against Bitcoin to hamper that progress.
I believe that Bitcoin possesses enough potential value, and that society as a whole is advanced enough to conceive of Bitcoin as a money, and not just a commodity. . . but this will take time, and some epic struggles.
It should be clear to anyone who gets it just how silly it is for people to look at Bitcoin only for what it is now; to condemn it because it doesn't *right now* enjoy the price stability of established monies; that it doesn't have reversibility or certain consumer protections and controls common to modern payment systems and fiat monetary systems. . . as if Bitcoin were some kind of company, and as if there was any other way to bring a new money into existence than either forcing it through government, or allowing the market to determine, via prices and transactions over time, what commodity it will adopt as the most saleable, the most monetary.
This perception of Bitcoin as merely some new kind of payment rail needs to be corrected, and this shallow conception of it has primarily been advanced by members of this very community, and it is the most false and dangerous misconception that this experiment can suffer at the hands of its own ambassadors.  
@_date: 2015-02-13 02:28:39
I think that's the wrong comparison.  You'll get no argument out of me that Bitcoin has huge technological potential. . . I'm not bashing Bitcoin; don't take this personally.  I'm talking about bitcoin as money here.
None of the future, wonderful things that can be achieved with the protocol and as layers on top of the protocol will happen if people don't understand bitcoin's potential as money, and value it's potential as such.  Making Bitcoin a very useful and competitive payment system is **one** way in which people will value the currency unit towards it's evolution to money. And it's all great and I'm all for it; but I think that JGarzik is correct, that the developers can't economically, popularly, and probably technically; cater to everyone's pet project and make the core protocol all things to all people.
A more apt comparison here is to understand why the world has had so much trouble transitioning from ipv4 to ipv6.  That's not necessarily a bad thing.  Better solutions are usually had anyways, at the real inflection points and as real need emerges and as the market determines whether to deal with the problem via protocol change or via more superficial layers and services.
@_date: 2016-07-27 01:22:26
I still don't know what people think Core devs have to do with whether or not people choose to fork the consensus rules.
It's as if they believe that, in order to be fair, and for the feelz, that Core code contributers must necessarily not take the incumbent position on the blocksize debate (in word and in ideology...lest they disadvantage the competition).  
There are other implementations, and nodes are as free to use (or not use) the new consensus rules of Bitcoin Classic as they are to use or not use the new consensus rules of a Core update. Ironically, these same people will complain that development is too centralized....while failing to run or adequately support their pet competing implementation.  I think that there's just too many whiny young SJW newcomers to bitcoin (most of them now over in who really have no clue about the culture that bootstrapped bitcoin in the first place; and the principles of competition over democracy.
Unfortunately, even a lot of anarcho-capitalists and smart libertarians have lost their way on this and joined the chorus of fools who now spend their time and effort disparaging bitcoin; and then blaming the percieved failure on their inability to affect a hard fork.
This outlook, by the way, has nothing to do with whether you feel a hard fork to bigger blocks will ultimately benefit your conception of a successful bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-18 19:59:47
Billions upon billions of bamboozles!
@_date: 2015-02-09 21:40:23


I disagree.  Oligopoly is what markets distorted by coercion often tend towards....but even very free markets have shown that some goods and services are best provided for by singular or a small number of producers.  This is more a function of technology, or rather the lack of specific technologies necessary to create decentralization of production and smaller economies of scale.
It is a common fallacy taught in public schools that (what they call) monopolies on a largely free market, can raise prices and/or lower quality, almost at will.  Correct theory and even empirical economic data show that to rarely be the case and that harmful monopolies are usually a product of government coercion.  
The only real defining aspect of a "free" market is the degree to which coercion is absent.  Even a lone producer on a free market must always fear competition entering the market (not to mention substitution or attrition of customer base), if they behave the way which they are portrayed to be able to behave.
@_date: 2015-02-13 00:34:34
Competitive as money.  Not necessarily competitive as a payment service.
I'm not sure why people don't get this....Bitcoin is not decentralized paypal.  Bitcoin is not destined just to be a slightly cheaper payment network.  What the market is demanding and what the world really needs is a new money; one that is not centrally controlled. 
Bitcoin is a proto-money, and unless and until it achieves full monetary and unit-of-account status, unless it achieves the liquidity and unit value and sustained demand of a money commodity, until it has a deep and wide base of holders who value the unit itself... it will not support worldwide payment volumes, and more importantly, speculative interest will die off and leave an atrophied or dead currency and useless payment system.  Unless people here still believe the nonsense about blockchain technology being great but not bitcoin (small 'b').  There's no cause to be long term bullish, if you dont understand that the volatility now is a good thing and that price stabilization will be both a cause and an effect of its development into money.
@_date: 2019-05-06 15:49:23
Banks are only a problem as a government/central bank-created industry.
Free banking with fractional reserves on base monies like bitcoin, can be very stable and would be necessary to avoid currency crises which stem from fixed-supply monies like bitcoin.
*and no, the U.S. never had or tried free banking.
@_date: 2016-07-31 21:18:09


Irrelevant to the discussion.  Just as long as people stop calling these things "private", or at least understand that their failings are the failings of political mechanisms, not market mechanisms.
If you cared to actually learn what the alternatives could be, I know you know where to find the source material and debate that on its merits.
But that's not what we're talking about here and you are being disingenuous by intentionally trying to divert the blame or focus here from government causes, to what you'd like to portray as market failures or libertarian philosophy in action; which it is not.
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:40:19
There is no A.I. without free will and choice, and there is no choice without an inherent persistent drive to achieve a more satisfactory state of being, and there is no satisfactory state if there are no ends, and there are no ends if there are no means whereby to achieve ends, and where there is no physical component to the A.I. there is no means towards a better state than by exchange, where there is exchange indirect exchange emerges as more efficient (a.k.a. money), where there can be no use of physical money Bitcoin must be used. . . .
Therefore, Bitcoin is necessary for A.I.
Checkmate Jeff Hawkins!
Oh, and the answer is, of course, that the manifestations of Bitcoin-conceived A.I. will undoubtedly follow the observed order of primates and engage first in that oldest of professions: prostitution.  The polite term is of course, *neural networks of the evening*.  "deep web" is just so crass.  
@_date: 2016-07-11 18:58:21
This has been done with geocaches as well.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:48:44
Thank you.  Exactly right. It is also so pathetically obvious how hard this dude is trying to manufacture this "need" in the ecosystem.
6 mBTC
@_date: 2015-02-08 02:26:44


You'll have to define money then.  It does not meet all the criterion of any definition of money I've ever seen. (e.g. unit of account, medium of exchange, store of value). . .at least not in any major spheres of economic activity.


I never implied it did, and in fact, have argued before (and just alluded to in my sentence above), that there is possibility for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to serve as and become money for certain niches (for example: black markets), and could stabilize at a much lower prices than it would stabilize at should it capture a wider economic sphere.  But in relative terms. . . .network effect is everything.


Government usurped, then destroyed the moniness of gold long ago.  If you haven't noticed, its price is far more volatile now than when it was widely held as money and used actively throughout the wider economy (i.e. coinage).   Gold is no longer money in most places; though it certainly maintains vestiges of that status and a strong cultural inertia behind that.
@_date: 2015-10-16 00:36:11
You are of course entitled to your opinion and reasons for being interested in bitcoin. . . however, I can't help but take the opportunity to be at least one person who would make you a bet that centralized services, in the near future, are going to be able to "make your money a lot more efficient" than bitcoin is doing now or will ever be able to do in the future (assuming that money is some form of fiat or anything other than bitcoin itself).  
Decentralized services alone are never going to be as efficient as centralized, all other things equal. . . and if bitcoin does anything truly successful along these lines; it is simply to light a bit of a fire under the arse of the apple pays, googles, paypals, and western unions of the world.  
In other words; you're really missing the point of bitcoin if you are not aware of the profoundly more valuable potential it has as a fully actualized, unit-of-account money (and by definition, money is the most saleable good and necessarily displaces other currencies to a large extent).  This is not to get into an argument with you as to whether bitcoin can or will accomplish this. . . it is simply to point out the silliness of being so interested in bitcoin for its payment network properties alone and its (very temporary) head-start over antiquated legacy payment systems, which can easily come into the 21st century and blow bitcoin out of the water, given the competitive pressures which are starting to mount (in fact it is likely that banks will begin using non-bitcoin blockchains in the near future to facilitate inter-bank transfers, and enable a much cheaper, more efficient, but centralized, user experience. . . in other words, centralized services will harness what is really useful about bitcoin's in-built payment network, in order to offer a centralized service which can easily outdo bitcoin.)
This is all about money, my friend, and understanding that money in its ideal form, is a public ledger created voluntarily on a market, and the profound impact that separating money from political control can have on society.  Some radical ideas are worth pursuing.  Bitcoin as money is one of those.
But hey, enjoy your slightly easier customer experience at Starbucks and don't bother thinking of a world which could be radically different in positive ways, from the one in which we now live.  I'm sorry, but I simply can't imagine why anyone would join and comment in a forum with such a dull topic and superficial purpose.
I have upvoted your comment.  I am not trying to silence your opinion, as many accuse of happening (as if the non-cryptoanarchist opinion is some kind of oppressed minority in I am however, shamelessly using it as an opportunity to help clear peoples' thinking up on this subject because I think your opinion is unfortunately more popular than you think.
@_date: 2016-07-19 17:00:21
Well it matters...it's just not likely to be able to do any good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-08 13:51:35
Those are problems (or widespread problems) only with a central bank.  A central bank is a highly unlikely thing to occur or persist, if it is not the issuer and controller of the money.
Getting bitcoin into full money status (unit of account, especially) is everything.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:16:22
Right.  Bitcoin is both a currency (eventually to develop into money), and a payment network.  It is two things in one.  I believe it will make the best money the world has ever seen if/when it achieves that status and liquidity.
It's built-in payment network is great too. . . especially when compared to a lot of aspects of current payment systems.  But it is by no means the end-all be-all of payment systems, and lacks (was never intended to have) all of the features of other payment networks which facilitate fiat transactions (such as credit cards, with the ease and credit line which comes along with those).  In fact, moving forward; I think a lot of bitcoiners are going to be surprised, and maybe disappointed at how good and efficient some centralized payment services are going to get, just in terms of competing with what Bitcoin (the payment network) does. . . plus more things that bitcoin can't (and was never intended) to do. 
There is no reason why we should oppose the building out of centralized services (or decentralized application layers) on top of just the Bitcoin payment network itself, in order to further facilitate it's spread.   There is no reason for people to be so defensive or skeptical over what JGarzik is saying here:  it will be economically, socially, and probably technically impossible to try to develop bitcoin core to be all things to all people and keep up with every latest payment trend and feature.  This is not what Bitcoin was ever supposed to primarily be.  It is first and foremost a new (proto)money, that the world desperately needs.  As the code is right this second. . . it could work just fine to facilitate the needs of the market as it develops into money.  I'm not saying I'm opposed to any further changes (especially when it comes to trying to introduce market pricing into the determination of block size, etc). . .but Bitcoin is not going to be less and less malleable the larger the network grows (think: trying to get the world to transition from ipv4 to ipv6. . .we leave well enough alone and the universe doesn't implode, and when we reach true cross-roads and pain points, we will deal with them, and we will be able to deal with them better in the future than we can now).
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:28:34
dito sa aking puso?
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:44:16
If only human beings had developed, through emergent order, a mechanism for communicating not only demand, but a vector of that demand which factored in opportunity costs, and which served as a veritable social memory of value exchanged and dues owed, whereby we could most accurately and fairly assess what resources are most needed and where.
We could call this mechanism. . . . "prices!"
It is almost as if the market of users, miners, and node operators, need to use these "prices" in order to least arbitrarily set the current and future optimal block sizes.
In all seriousness though. . . is this such a difficult thing to implement technically?
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:03:23
@_date: 2019-05-09 22:27:48
Imagine still believing, in 2019, that it's a good idea to ban things...
@_date: 2015-02-01 00:33:47
I know! We need more people like him.
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:11:08
Oh, yeah. Sorry.  [Here you go](
@_date: 2015-11-14 21:18:52
I was just being a pedant. . . trying to get a thread going
@_date: 2016-07-01 00:02:11
Inertia.  Money, being the good most dependent upon network effects  than all others, has more inertia.  It's harder (free-rider and coordination problems) to get the market to agree upon the common unit of indirect exchange . . . but once there, very difficult to replace.
I don't think that most bitcoiners appreciate what the real challenge is, in terms of getting bitcoin to money status; and that all these other issues, especially technical problems to solve, pale in comparison; in terms of difficulty and in terms of their overall importance.
There is a reason that, worldwide, most monies are (at least initially) creations of a government or centralized monetary authority;  and I personally do not believe that the reason for that is simply because fiat is a better way to do it or that those monies are somehow better than gold or bitcoin.  It is, in fact, because public goods problems and related failures are indeed a real thing, and a daunting challenge to overcome; even without persecution; but certainly bitcoin faces future persecution and also the crowding out effect that comes with, not only the inertia of incumbent fiat monies, but their nature as being *enforced* into their position.
@_date: 2015-02-08 02:36:10
Sorry, but you'll want to acquaint yourself a little better with those three terms: they have very specific meaning in economics.  More importantly, you did not list at all how your bitcoin are serving as unit of account for your economic transactions.  This is the big benchmark which bitcoin must still achieve. . .and it is one which will both require greater price stability, and also create it, in a virtuous cycle.
Edit:  please understand that I do agree that Bitcoin fulfills the other two to a certain degree.  But if Bitcoin is indeed already money. . . a poor money it is indeed.  No, the magic is yet to happen.  There is more potential right now, than actualization.
@_date: 2016-07-02 21:20:07
You wanted my reply  (:    I don't do TL;DRs.  Here goes, happy reading:


Why not?  I think that present circumstances are indeed proving you empirically wrong; that full blocks do not constitute the type of "existential threat" which will illicit a quick consensus around a hard-fork (such as what we saw back in early 2013.  
I think you're making the assumption that the reason we're not forking right now to bigger blocks is due to something akin to transaction costs. . . I don't think you're seeing the opportunity costs, as well.  One such opportunity cost is the observation that standards and protocols seem to provide value for people and businesses and markets as a functional whole, as fixed backdrops; in other words, don't underestimate how valuable (even if only realized subconsciously as a sort of macro-market trend) the stability, even stagnation, of the protocol is.  In fact, in market activity in relation to government intervention; we actually see a huge (and mostly unappreciated) impact of *uncertainty* upon overall productivity and wealth creation. . . so much so, that in some cases the regime or regulatory uncertainty appears to be a far bigger factor in hampering growth and progress than even the ills from the interventions themselves.  
So of course, ceteris paribus, more block space will be a net benefit; but also, ceteris paribus, a steady, reliable state of bitcoin. . . even if it's only a "good enough" state, holds immense value and will be of net benefit.  
Look, I am actually an Unlimited supporter, just like you. . . but let's understand that the equilibrium of propensity to fork lies in between stability value with transaction cost, and increased capacity value.  Not in some conspiracy about what a few Core developers have been able to do in terms of pulling the wool over the eyes of everyone (I don't think that's you, but hear me out this has relevance later).  Because, if we believe that the bitcoin ecosystem is that tenuous. . . in fact if we believe that the hopelessness of even largely decentralized and voluntary socio-political arrangements is so inevitable. . . .well, we'd all better just give up on everything.  If we believe that the core devs and a culture of fork aversion which they've helped to inculcate in everyone is what is preventing a fork from happening before now; we'd all better start shorting bitcoin right now.  And I think that is what is so monumentally inconsistent about the kind of standard attitude:  If they thought about their position and their attitude, they would have to conclude that they don't actually like bitcoin (they don't actually like its nature; they like something that bitcoin is fundamentally not), but they don't want to admit that, they've already invested themselves emotionally and monetarily and invested their public reputations; and so they have to invent (or accentuate the importance of) conspiracy and find scapegoats.  


Loved that post first time I read it and was good to read it again.  I agree 100% and I hope that you will allow me to incorporate some of the nomenclature and ways you explain it, into my discussions with others.  You don't have to look too far back into my comment history to see that I am borderline obsessed with making the argument for the much much greater importance of the monetary value of bitcoin, over its utility as payment network (though of course, those two things are inextricably linked).  I am the lunatic always going around making nearly every discussion here about money. . .trying to turn peoples' focus back to this aspect of it, as we have lost so much of that since the 2013 influx of people, most of them very mainstream or legacy-minded people.


Again, great post, but this goes back to the cost-benefit analysis here being incomplete, without understanding the opportunity costs that I talked about above.


I really only disagree with your posts about the added layers of risk with off-chain scaling solutions. . . as a matter of degree.  I do think (obviously, since I'm an Unlimited supported) that the network and ecosystem and ability for Bitcoin/bitcoin to bring more freedom and peace and prosperity to the world, and the likelihood that it attains actualized monetary status, is far greater if we can get in as many *improvements* and thoroughly tested scripting features to the protocol (including but not limited to block size cap increase/abolishment, better default privacy, etc.) before it does indeed ossify to the point where hard-forks just become impossible to accomplish.
I'm one of these people who thinks that economic forces are best understood in a very abstract way; for example: In a largely free market with no effective government force or intrusion, a "monopoly" held over some industry, is not actually a monopoly as people tend to think of them, because it is still under constant *latent* competition.  We can't always empirically observe the forces in play, or even sometimes the effects of those forces.  Similarly, I believe that as long as bitcoin is around and open-source and there are reasonable costs of entry and/or transaction costs to setting up a node or even an SPV wallet; then regardless of what control government of other entities may get upon 2nd layer payment networks; bitcoin the currency will still remain decentralized and still have the impact we believe it can have.  There will be an equilibrium found, between censorship resistance and ease-of-use/speed.  Let's let the market determine that.  Of course you and I are part of that market, and I don't intend to get into a Kirznerian/Hayekian debate about the granularity of entrepreneurial process within the emergent processes of the market. . . But, the point is, I think you have to be a purist/decentralist, in order to make an absolute statement about the unworkability of LN or other 2nd layer solutions.   
If bitcoin never scaled beyond 1mb, and never gets any other improvements. . . to me; it is still one of the most amazing and important inventions of this century and tools towards a freer world, and I believe can still succeed at becoming a unit-of-account money.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:54:51
Wearing shoes facilitates crime.  Therefore wearing shoes should be a crime.  For the children.
Besides, money laundering laws don't just make transactions from illicit revenue illegal to hide...it makes protecting your privacy for all otherwise legal transactions, illegal.
@_date: 2019-05-26 15:59:59
"Belief" is really the simplistic (or to give those people who say it the benefit of the doubt), the shorthand for a much more complex phenomenon and topic:
Money is a network good- I.e. it's value as a money is a function of network externalities, the utility of the network of trading partners for overcoming barter and communal credit system inefficiencies, rather than a function of the commodity value of the token as with gold, or the fact that everyone has to pay taxes with it, as with fiat; those things serve as backstops to their monetary value, but don't account for their much higher exchange price as monetary units rather than just as commodities or vouchers alone (and those properties helped to 'bootstrap' them into position as money).
So, when some people retort that "the dollar is only backed by belief as well", they're usually not claiming that that fact makes bitcoin as good or valuable as fiat...its just to say that being "backed by nothing" is not really an argument against the value of a money/currency (it is however possibly a good argument against the likelihood of something being able to become money).
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:26:50
I'm sorry, but this argument is characteristically myopic and one-sided (like most deflation-phobic arguments).  
As a currency appreciates, the extent to which you even need a loan (or the principle which you would have to finance), decreases inversely proportional to the savings rate and available savings and capital for down payments and collateral.  Obviously, stability is key in either environment (inflationary or deflationary), so don't confuse high unpredictability of return for steady, slow increase in a money's purchasing power.
You live in a world where you have been conditioned to believe that credit (to the extent we see it used now) is a fixture of any modern economy....but the necessity of taking out loans to the extent we do now, is very much a function of the inflationary and debt-based systems created by governments.  Not to mention that the things which people would probably still need to take loans out for in a deflationary environment (for most people that would just be a house) are made much more expensive, in the first place, in other ways by government.
So let's not jump to pretend conclusions that the current level of incentive to loan, and demand for money (loans) is some constant of the universe, necessary to survive or thrive.  Status-quo bias is a dangerous thing in economic analysis.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:58:51
I don't disagree that there's merit to your analysis...but personally, I'm not interested in empowering leviathan for a little boost to bitcoin adoption.  In the long run, we're all better off the less govt is involved.
@_date: 2015-02-08 07:42:01
I love Daniel Krawisz' articles and I'm right on board with the whole philosophy of the Nakamoto institute.  But frankly, he's wrong here....or at least using wishful thinking to illustrate how it ought to be.  Indeed, if I'm trying to say anything at all, it's that bitcoin could emerge as the new money of the world tomorrow, if everyone had the same outlook on it which we have.  But they dont...and that's going to take a lot of time.
I've always been in this for the long haul, and I fear that there's going to be way too many people dismissing and giving up on bitcoin because they came into it with the wrong expectations in the first place, and believed that bitcoin is already all that it could be...just with fewer users than what might be.
That's like someone in the early 90's imagining the Internet was going to stay about as useful as it was in the early 90's....just with more people you could email.
When bitcoin becomes the primary unit of account for an economy, all sorts of new doors will be opened up, and the potential benefits it could bring to international trade and effectively opening borders is massive...just for one thing.
@_date: 2018-12-29 06:03:32
Implying that it's acceptable in any way to have to tell your government how much money you are carrying and where it's from/what its for...not to mention that the law is pretense for all kinds of abuse.
Fuck that all right to hell; and that's what bitcoin lets people do.
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:56:44
The difference between the government and the market providing these services (since most of us are still likely to purchase the same things on a market. . . roads, utilities, etc.), may seem subtle and inconsequential, but is in fact, a huge difference.
This is because of the [economic problem of calculation]( inherent in all central or non-market planning (e.g. state run services, or any otherwise privately provided services and goods. . . to the extent which they are taxed, subsidized, or their operations regulated by or provided by the state. . . in other words, almost the entire makeup of the economies of modern nation-states).  Once you understand the problem of calculation and the role that prices play; you will begin to understand why (even if the government were run by angels) it could not possibly provide services and goods that people want in an efficient (or moral) manner.  You'll also begin to see (as per your prior comment/question to me) that neither I, nor anyone else, can say or accurately suggest how these services will be provided for on a market. .  .that's the paradigm shift;  you're asking the wrong question;  no one can ever effectively know or plan this. . . anymore than the soviet union could sustainably feed its population under central planning. . . and yet many poor soviet peasants marveled at how the western nations could feed their people since the government did not provide bread.  Your question is understandable given our culture, but ultimately as short-sighted as that of the soviet peasant.
@_date: 2013-09-05 07:28:44
I hope so.
@_date: 2013-06-14 21:14:17
Any eventualities such as this need to be worked out in the protocol and the behaviors of market participants.  Using lawsuits to enforce anti-trust would essentially uphold an ineffective aspect of the protocol or culture, by force.  Not what a healthy market needs.
There's nothing wrong with prosecuting theft, and seeking restitution, but since that is nearly impossible in the case of a 51% attack, it seems that the thought process here is that the only way to deal with this is to preemptively punish mining pools/operators for simply obtaining a majority of hashing power on the network (presumably by being the most enticing pool to join with for whatever reason), which is nothing more than creating a victimless crime.
If the bitcoin protocol can't stand on its own, and the community can't find solutions to such issues as these without crying to the state for artificial privilege, then frankly bitcoin needs to fail.  Mind you I have very few doubts that bitcoin will succeed in this regard, without the state.
We can choose to be just like the wall-street/existing financial sector, or be something better and freer and more innovative.
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:53:28
Thanks.  When people say that....i think maybe they have the wrong theory.
@_date: 2016-07-19 17:29:54
Ha. I'm not going to spend time defending government...but just remember, values are subjective and it is possible for govt policy to benefit a group of people (always at the expense of others).  "Bitcoin users" are a group of people.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:27:44
indeed.  and that is the only way to my knowledge.
@_date: 2016-07-01 06:34:38
Nice try, IRS.
@_date: 2017-06-23 23:32:16
But it takes all this price volatility in order to coordinate the hodling, and using as medium of indirect exchange, between various parties like consumers, merchants, and vendors, who otherwise are not going to be currency speculators...but for these profit opportunities which are too good to pass up.
Otherwise, people like you sit around wishing that bitcoin would "be a currency", ignoring the coordination difficulties of expecting everyone else to use bitcoin as a currency, when it's not yet a currency, and so is not yet enticing for most others to use as a currency.
You can try again, like people here did 3 or so years ago, to prematurely push for merchants to accept Bitcoin; but like last time, most will just use it as a proxy and immediately sell for fiat (understandable, since their suppliers don't accept it), and then stop accepting when initial interest wanes.
Tl;dr volatility is good right now and is perhaps the only voluntary path for a proto-money commodity on the market to achieve saturation and network effect. 
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:35:04
Not saying anything of the effectiveness of BitLord's proposed system. . . but it needs to be noted that forcing other individuals, including the children or other family of a criminal, to pay their debts; is absolutely NOT in accordance with voluntary, free-market, or libertarian principles.  Which derive judgments for these types of scenarios partly or completely from the principles of self-ownership and the non-aggression principle.
@_date: 2013-07-21 22:24:18
Shhhh.  You know the prevalence of ostracizing comments by citing Godwin's law has come about in order to attempt to discredit comments just like yours.
@_date: 2013-05-09 18:12:03
I have a dream that one day the rewards and incentives for posting enlightening, logical, well-researched, well-thought-out, helpful, and insightful commentary will be heightened beyond the level of imaginary internet points. 
I have a dream that one day the exchange of bitcoins between people everywhere will become so ubiquitous and so effortless that the best content and information is quickly elevated to the status necessary to help or entertain the most people in the least amount of time.
I have a dream that people will stop fearing money and see ALL exchanges of value as consistent to the laws of economics, despite their other qualitative distinctions.   I have a dream that the free flow of money will accompany the free flow of information and eventually disintegrate the barriers that have been erected to the free flow of goods and services.
I have a dream that because this freedom, this un-hampered emergent order and design will become seamless to such a degree, that money is hardly thought of, and the abundance of wealth created, the flourishing of giving and receiving liberally and the blossoming of science, technology, medicine, art, energy. . . .will serve all men and women to such a degree as to eliminate even the slightest desires or tendency towards the use of force in order to achieve societal ends.
+tip hardleft121 ALL verify
@_date: 2016-07-31 18:54:05
I agree with 90% of what you're saying...but please don't make the mistake of attributing the behavior of these "private" prisons, to the workings of a free market.
They are government contracts, and nothing more, and are shielded from the most important mechanisms which force or regulate behaviors of an entity on an actual competitive market.
This is the fundamental dynamic at play almost everywhere throughout our mixed economies: basic or low-level government interventions highly distort markets (not only directly but also as unintended consequences, difficult to attribute to the proper source), and then people, somewhat understandably, demand explicit government regulation over those industries or sectors, which do indeed mitigate some of the ills caused by the primary interventions (with further adverse effects and unintended consequences and increasing costs and complexity and diminishing returns).  
Gary Johnson is an idiot and is about as libertarian as his "private" prisons are private.  
Intelligent, principled libertarians and market anarchists understand this dynamic at play and instead of advocating for the second-best option of government regulations on the mess that the primary interventions caused; we advocate the first-best (though more painful initially) option of removing the primary interventions from the market (and thus the distortions and allow a reconfiguring of physical and social capital).
Net neutrality can mitigate some of the problems we see cropping up with these broadband monopolies...but their monopolies are more a grant from government than an expression of a strong tendency towards natural monopoly or other market failure (see: Romania for what a freer market in last-mile looks like and how it can develop in competitive ways).
A single-payer or universal healthcare system could indeed fix a lot of the problems we have in the u.s. with our healthcare system; but the better option is to recognize that the u.s. is not suffering under a free market in healthcare...in fact nothing like it; just a debauchery of private and public collusions...giving in some ways the worst of both worlds.  We need to go back to an actual market...but of course a complete and immediate exodus of government from IP for pharma, to accreditation of medical schools, and all regulation of insurers and everything in between, would produce chaos for a time, as it would require not just a shift in capital and labor, but of culture and consumer expectations and time for institutions of market-regulation to develop alongside the newly freed market.
Private prisons are nothing if not a product of a government grant of monopoly; and more importantly, a creature of the terrible laws and legislation which has come about due to government's coercive monopolization of the provisions of law and justice in society.
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:51:55
Perhaps more important to dispel this myth is to show how the panics and booms of the pre-fed era of banking in the US were not caused by a gold standard, deflation of the money supply, the lack of a central bank, nor the absence of government meddling in banking and the money supply.  Americans are educated very poorly in regards to this economic history and especially confused about the time period, often referred to as the Gilded Age.  This era and specifically that of "free banking" are often cited as proof of the destructiveness of a deflating currency.  The real causes of the panics need to be shown, and the facts laid out in a timeline.
Murray Rothbard does this masterfully in his book, "A History of Money and Banking in the United States".  A free e-book and audio book can be had on the Mises.org website.
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:50:02
That's true, but do more research into the matter, and you find that for all the panics, recessions and depressions under the (quasi) gold standard were still on average less severe than recessions and depressions have been under the central-bank-managed fiat currency regime of the 20th century.
Furthermore, the actual causes of the panics and depressions of the 19th century can almost all be [traced]( to government policies, rather than any inherent problem with an inelastic supply of currency.  The absence of a central bank did not mean that artificial monetary expansions and contractions were not being effected.
[Canada]( during this same period, prospered greatly under a gold standard and avoided most of the panics and other problems faced by the banking sector in the U.S. at that time.
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:12:34
Store of value:  Bitcoins are not "backed" by an industrial use or ultimate consumption in terms of changing of states.  Many skeptics (especially some Austrians) argue that this is the killer for bitcoin; one of the more thoughtful critiques is the Mengerian, though they can never quite explain why it must be so. . . Menger is just assumed to be correct that a commodity's "inherent" value must be tied to an industrial use, or some other non-specified level of value that people place on it.  But beyond that, bitcoin is indeed "backed" by the usefulness of the network and protocol (just as gold coins are backed to some extent, by the usefulness of the metal which makes them up).  Beyond being engineered as a great money, the network and protocol are valuable for such things as escrow, contracts, timestamping, cryptographically signing, and more.  The bitcoin unit is not separable from the network and is in effect a share of value of the overall network.  Bitcoins are a store of value, because I can exchange something I value for them, and then exchange them back for something else I value.  They are manifestly a store of value.  Whether they even did qualify as a "pyramid scheme" or not, has no bearing on weather bitcoins are a store of value, or money as such.
Medium of exchange: Bitcoins can be sent, and received, to anyone in the world, in any amount, in seconds, with little or no fee.  The transaction is irreversible, pseudonymous, and more secure than any other medium of exchange in existence (with the exception of other cryptocurrencies).  The size of the network matters, yes.  They are less useful as a medium of exchange if not that many people accept of use bitcoins.  That is a mark against it right now.  The potential, though, is huge.  You have not advanced any argument as to why adoption and growth of the network will stop or reverse?  Why will bitcoin always be what it is right now?  How else do you think that new currencies gain adoption, other than through fiat declarations of governments?  It takes time. 
Unit of account:  Here is where bitcoin is severely lacking *right now.  Most likely, due to the volatility of the exchange price with fiat (which is the primary way in which most people acquire their bitcoins), very few, if any bitcoin users are pricing their services and their wares in BTC as the unit of account.  They are instead, floating it against a fiat exchange price.  Now, just like the limited size of the network, volatility is decreasing and there are good reasons to think that it will continue to decrease.  Do you have any reasons why you think a decrease in volatility will not result in users pricing their goods and services in BTC?
Always open for rational debate.
@_date: 2013-04-04 04:06:03
Over 7K today. . . . what's normal right now, right?  Usually between 2500 and 3000 from what I've seen.
@_date: 2013-07-19 03:44:11
I said nothing about what anybody deserves.   It's a matter of voluntary cooperation, vs. more expensive and less sustainable institutions which rely on prior aggression and threats of future aggression in order to function.  
@_date: 2013-06-04 23:19:58
You did sign up. . .when you bought your first bitcoin.  Thats our point.  Thats the revolution.  It is rebuilding better, more voluntary, more decentralized social institutions in the shell of the old, centralized and coercive ones.
If you ever start or donate to charities, rendering the welfare state that much less necessary, you signed up.
If you ever download and seed a copyrighted file, or seeded or posted news or content that the powers that be want the masses unaware of, you signed up.
If you ever own or use something like a 3d printer or a service like airbnb, you weaken the power of the corporatocracy, and you have signed up.
If you ever dodge a draft, or dont pay taxes (or use bitcoin so that youre not paying the inflation tax), youve signed up for our system which is better than the warfare state.
For every voluntary transaction you make, in business or your personal life, you live anarchy, and have signed up.
Now its time to simply bring your cognitive reasonings up to speed with the majority of your actions, and help us build more solutions like bitcoin which provide an alternative to governments coercive solutions for things like police, defense, fire, roads, etc.  Dont conflate government with society....thats all "our" system is.
@_date: 2016-07-31 22:22:50


I think so too.  At least if we're defining a free market as one completely absent of coercion, or in other words, only made up of voluntary interactions.  Even in a hypothetical stateless society, individuals and smaller institutional forces would still steal, assault, defraud, force or intimidate, etc.   A %100 efficient engine does not exist either and probably never will; but chasing that is still a worthy goal. 


The rich and powerful, made rich and powerful through the power of the state.  We can discuss all day the practicalities or impossibilities of decreasing or removing state power over society; but let's at least call a spade a spade and understand that it is only through the state that corporations or politicians or well-meaning mothers against drunk driving or drugs, have such power to harm everyone else; directly or through unintended consequences of their ignorant lobby.  
No corporation or person or association in society, except government, is widely (by almost everyone) legitimized and given moral license to use agressive force.  Without a center of power which has been given this license: all attempts to wield aggressive power over others is, in the long run, toothless (assuming we all still widely recognize property in self and some other objects and the legitimacy of self defense and defense of property).  I know that sounds a bit counter-intuitive, until you take the time to trace enough of our societal problems back to their root causes...and this requires more than just facts or data; it requires correct theory.


I'm not going to be able to convince you with examples (I'm not going to be able to convince you at all).  Any examples i give, you will most likely see through a different paradigm than me; they might in fact confirm your priors, rather than strengthen my assertions.  We are talking about the most complex system known to man, when we talk about "society" or "the market" or "the economy".  You will either come to look at things differently and begin to see what I'm talking about, or dismiss me as another libertarian crackpot who just doesn't understand how the world works and is ignoring history (as you percieve it).
I cannot convince you that the lack of a comprehensive example of a freer society does not discredit it's merits.  I find that to be self evident logic, but most dont.  I cannot, nor can anyone formulate or even hypothesize all the institutions which would exist or need to exist in a stateless society, in order to align incentives towards general peace and prosperity (and to you, this probably sounds like a nail in the coffin of my "system").  But I am not advocating a "system".  A system of society is what we observe after the fact.  We stand on the shoulders of giants so to speak....we stand on the successes and failures of not just individuals over centuries, but governments themselves, learning and evolving...not just through centrally planned *design* of a system, but through a long, hard heuristic.  Through failures. Through people dying.  
We cannot centrally plan prosperous society.  It is hubris, it is madness, and even government cannot be wielded to anticipate and mitigate a significant portion of strife-causing incentive mismatches...certainly not all at once.  We've given government centuries, millenia, to figure things out....nobody will give voluntary arrangements a fighting chance to work out solutions to conflict and market failure: because we all either don't see the underlying governmental cause of the problem and thus can't consider removing it so markets can work, and/or we don't give a problem but a few years before we all start screaming: "there should be a law!".  Throw on top of this situation, the realities of calculational and incentive problems when centrally planning (please study what economic calculation problems are before ignoring at your peril), not to mention the political market failures which are just as endemic to democratic governance as market failures are to voluntary means, and add in the realpolitik of how technically sound economic policies always become debauched in execution by central authority....and you realize that we market anarchists are not holding up any kind of utopia whatsoever...we are simply dropping the nirvana fallacy about what the state can or should be, and using economics and philosophy to point to evidence that the costs of whatever market failures can't be mitigated voluntarily, are lower than the costs associated with empowering a state to do so.
Try explaining how Athenian democracy was going to work, to the ancient Mesopotamians.  I guess since it didn't exist yet, they can laugh you away.  I guess we can sit here and imagine that social democracy will always be the pinnacle of human political achievement and technology.  We can never be more free.  We can never decentralized power further.  We cannot find ways of adequately providing public goods without direct force of taxation.  We must resign ourselves to the quagmire of interventions and unintended consequences which **will** accompany a simple and effective pigou tax on carbon emissions to save ourselves from our largest negative externalities.
If you really just want to see (necessarily blunt) examples of how voluntary arrangements **might** take over most of what government does, I recommend:
["Machinery of Freedom"]( by David Friedman,  and
[Chaos Theory]( by Robert Murphy.
EDIT: pdf warning on the two links.
@_date: 2013-08-20 04:52:39
Actually, a really good question:
To add to what PotatoBadger said, I think it must be stressed that "Be your own bank" is not just a tag-line.  You must take very seriously, the fact that in running a bitcoin client on your own computer, or storing your private keys on a 3rd party's server (e.g. coinbase, blockchain wallet), you ARE the bank and completely responsible for taking [steps]( to avoid theft and loss of your own coins, which does still happen frequently to bitcoiners.
The best advice, until such time as you are more comfortable with the concept and the process of sending and receiving bitcoins from your own client, as well as from 3rd party providers; is to not put more money or work or time into obtaining bitcoin than you can afford to lose.  Make no mistake; some steps needed to achieve and maintain the secrecy and security of your private keys do require an above-average level of technical prowess.  That is why it is key to either learn these as best you can (while experimenting with smaller amounts of bitcoin), or wait until the wallet service provider industry (as well as prevalence of some kind of deposit insurance and process of making legal claims) develops to provide safeguards and more legitimate services for the layman.  
People and banks have had thousands of years to develop workable security protocols, practices and legal structures for the protection and ease-of-use of money and commodities. . . the small community which develops services which utilize the bitcoin protocol have had 4 years.
Also, I believe it is worth noting the great difficulty and stifling of this fledgling market which government intervention has already introduced into this economy.  The federal government of the U.S., as well as the various state governments have, at best, left bitcoin entrepreneurs and users in limbo regarding the legality and tax-compliance in using, buying, selling, transmitting, mining, and selling bitcoin derivatives.   At worst, many agencies of the governments are jealously trying to sink their fingers into bitcoin to either get their cut, actively thwart its growth, or try to legitimize their agency's activities by slaying a boogey-man.  
It is nearly impossible for any start-up bitcoin exchange to comply with the federal and state regulations. . . even just those regulations so far made "clear".  This stifles competition, ensconces the big players, and will ultimately cartelize the market; making it far more difficult and less user-friendly to purchase bitcoins than it would otherwise be.  Regarding taxes, no one can yet tell you with any certainty how the IRS will view bitcoin purchases, transactions, and selling for fiat.  If you reside in their claimed territory or are a U.S. citizen living abroad, be warned that this agency is ruthless, keeps meticulous records, and has been known to enforce their un-fathomable codes in an arbitrary and discretionary manner upon those who express dissent against their authority.  They absolutely view bitcoin as a threat already, or they soon will.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:24:31
Get rid of your crappy iphone!
@_date: 2013-05-09 18:24:25
It feels like this:
+tip pr9ma 50 mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:02:24
Well, it's not exactly [brain surgery]( is it?
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:56:58
Bad to see the victims not get what they deserve.  Why do you care so much about punishing people?
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:38:49
I really don't see this rapid price increase being sustained much longer.  .. there's a lot of early buyers of coin out there who just stand to make a lot of money, by selling at this point.  The price has got to drop at least a few dollars before it levels off for a while.
@_date: 2013-07-28 19:40:44
I'll vote harder, then, next time.  I'm sure that will change things this time.  So, again, why should people be caged for having guns and drugs?
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:12:59


Wow! How do you make this work? Do you have high profit margins? You really price in BTC and not a function of the exchange rate with fiat?


Sorry, what is even the point of saying this? How is profiting (or losing) from volatility a get-rich-quick scheme? Is there even anything wrong with getting rich quick or wanting to?
Don't confuse fraud for smarts, or your own envy of those who've had success for prudence.
@_date: 2013-11-27 04:06:11
You will need to import the private key on that paper wallet into any software wallet (so that you can generate the transaction and specify a change address).  Most software will allow you to do this by scanning the QR code on your paper wallet (if it indeed has one printed on it; otherwise you enter in the long string of characters by hand; usually starts with the number '5').  Remember that once your private key has touched the network, or your network attached computer; it is no longer secure for all intents and purposes.  The whole "change" thing (which I'll explain next) is an automatic feature which helps to ensure that this isn't a problem and that the funds are transferred to unused addresse(s).
This could be any of the well-known and trusted wallets, from the original bitcoin-qt, to armory, to blockchain.  When you spend an output from that total amount that you have, your wallet software will generate a change address (or ask you to specify; depending on which software you are using).  It will send the $0.50 to your recipient, and the rest of the total into the change address.  
If it did not ask you to specify a change address, don't worry, as that means it has automatically generated a change address.  Just don't delete the software wallet, or any of the keys, or close your account (in the case of a hosted wallet service), until you have done something with the change (such as sending it to another paper wallet, or simply keeping it around in the existing software wallet in order to spend on other things or save).
For a small amount like what you're talking about; I highly recommend just using blockchain.info free wallet. . . . just please, please use strong passwords, a second password, and 2fA.  It is also recommended to use their chrome plugin, instead as that can minimize the risk of other plugins storing or capturing any passwords/info.  For larger amounts, you will want to learn how to safely generate paper wallets, and to secure your computer to store your bitcoin in qt or in armory on an offline machine.
@_date: 2013-04-03 21:32:47
So long as people are paid primarily in fiat and perceive the value of a bitcoin only in terms of dollar/euro/fiat prices, rather than in terms of the goods and services that bitcoin can purchase; you are correct to a great extent.
But once most everyone buys in, and the exchange prices stabilize, and people needn't buy BTC from exchanges as their primary way of obtaining them; then we will begin to see these incentives towards capital accumulation overwhelm these other incentives which you identified
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:27:38
Are you just seeking refund of US dollar balances?  Or are you going after bitcoins lost in the theft?
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:03:11
That sounds nice and all, but you said that you were going to teach about the causes of the great depression.  You seemed to be implying that it was caused (at least in part) by speculation.  Which means that you must have some theory explaining how speculation is a cause, rather than a symptom of other forces leading up to the crash.
Even more troubling is the insinuation that speculators at large are at times just mysteriously more successful, and at other times less so, at making the predictions which would allow them to profit.
In other words, speculators are always subject to reaping risk, or reward, based on whether their predictions are correct, or whether they turn out to be false. . . .you'll always have some losers and some winners.  Good speculators are good predictors of what consumers want, and bad speculators the opposite (thus resources are most efficiently allocated in society because true predictions are rewarded).  
But what do you suppose could cause a general glut of poor predictions in the market?  What forces could obfuscate, in an all-encompassing manner, the knowledge available to speculators, such that the ratio of successful to unsuccessful speculations suddenly shifts to one end?
@_date: 2013-06-05 08:51:06
I'm curious as to how you went from this:


And then jumped straight to:


Do you see the disconnect in your two statements?  You glossed over the part of the argument about money being neutral, and the real wealth being the actual factor.  The robot will (ostensibly; unless they made a poor business decision) create more wealth/goods than the economy had before, but the same amount of units of currency floating around (i.e. we would all consider ourselves more wealthy if we had robots producing everything for us, with minimal human inputs. . . in the same way that we are wealthier now than before harvesting combines were invented; those things put a lot of people out of work, but ultimately put more food on our tables for less work and less money.)  Now, I'm sure you'd say that, "no, there was additional money put in to the system, in the form of some kind of stimulus or fractional reserve loan by the bank and the spending of this created the demand".  However, in your scenario, the investment did not need to stem from an increase in monetary units; it could have also come from deferred consumption on the part of savers, and the result would have been the same. . . except that there was not prior stimulus (monetary or fiscal) which would have also set in motion the exchanging of something for nothing, ultimately stealing value from the dollars of all the holders of the currency, or costs being distributed in an involuntary socialized manner.


I'm sure you mean, when there's not full employment. . . right?  Otherwise, all countries would have long ago been able to simply stimulate their way to unthinkable riches.  Right  ( :
So, since we've established that investment does occur without money creation or the addition of monetary units, and we've established that increases in wealth do come about without the creation of additional monetary units.  We've also shown that through deferred consumption, savings does not have to equal investment, or cause any collapse in production.
Now here's the key to understanding why stimulating demand is detrimental to the wealth creation process, and that circular flow logic does not describe the wealth creation process:
The factor is time.  In our advanced and complex economies, structure of production is everything.  Goods aren't produced and consumed hand-to-mouth.  When monetary stimulus occurs, or investment is made stemming from additional monetary units printed into existence, portions of that structure are given a demand signal, which is not supported by the real consumption demands, nor of the other levels within the capital structure.  Production can only be stimulated at the expense and distortion of the economy as a whole; for real goods and labor (not just money) are diverted into endeavors not actually sustainable according to the demands of the lower order producers and finally consumers.
If you're interested and have a moment [Bob Murphy]( makes an excellent allegory of a fairly simply sushi economy which illustrates this mechanism better.
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:01:05
That doesn't necessarily make it a bad idea to loan.
If I loan you 5 BTC, and as you pay me back, the value (or rather the purchasing power) of the bitcoin goes up; after the term of the loan I still receive the same number of bitcoin back, plus interest.  5 bitcoins which have increased in value the same, regardless of whether they were held in my wallet, or that of my debtor, in the interim.
It is the price volatility which makes loaning or setting interest rates nearly impossible.
@_date: 2013-01-26 21:07:05
Deposit insurance.
Employer reviews, enhanced by a system of bit-tips, and enabled by anonymity for protection from libel/slander laws.
@_date: 2013-07-06 18:47:48
Bitcoin is not used as a currency by the majority of its holders.  When I think of what my bitcoins mean to me, how I value them, I do not think of how much work it required, how much blood sweat and tears.....at least not as closely as I relate that to my fiat holdings that I've earned by doing work.  When I buy something with bitcoins, I am not thinking of how many bitcoins I will have to part with in order to obtain the thing I want; I am thinking of how many dollars I will have to part with (and go through the trouble of exchaging them for bitcoins).
Once we all (or most of us) have cause to valuate our own labor, and things we obtain for that labor, calculated in terms of bitcoin, and not in terms of dollars or euros.... then we can look again at volatility, and perhaps determine whether the volatility is more of a symptom of bitcoin being traded as a commodity and not being held and valuated as a currency; or if volatility will prevent its use as a currency in the first place.
I see no logical reason why volitility wont decrease alongside its slow adoption as a currency, and that that increased stability wont prompt an accelerating interest in and use of bitcoin as a currency.
Bitcoin hasnt seen its big moment just yet.  
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:38:05
Very generous, thank you.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:29:32


Okay, fine.  In what way is bitcoin, or the participants in the bitcoin economy, building a structure which appears to have no purpose or other value to the people in his analogy, and doing so in a way which makes destroying its support structure, individually profitable?  Please help me, I don't follow at all, and I think you've both got yourselves backed into an untenable argument which requires the assumption of the very thing that the analogy is trying to show.


Again, I don't follow.  It is not evident how bitcoin or the bitcoin network, or the bitcoin economy, are apt to (or even able to be) be chipped away at by the self-interests of the participants.  
Vycid and others are trying to show that deflation of a currency is self-destructive; and to do so, he has come up with this analogy of how a building is destroyed by people who value what its supports are made of, and thus the building is self-destructive by its nature. . . in other words, it seems he's trying to show that deflation is bad by comparing it to this self-destructive building, and thus assuming the negative regarding deflation in order to prove the negatives of inflation.
What am I missing?  What exactly are the girders of this building analogous to in the bitcoin world or network?  What does the 18K gold represent?  What does the building vs. the people picking at the gold specifically relate to in the bitcoin world?
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:17:04
charge your phone!
@_date: 2013-07-19 05:32:51
I couldn't agree more.
My family and I are blessed to have had some really awesome public school teachers for our kids over the years (and they are wonderful people who have become close friends as well).
We always complain in our society that teachers aren't paid nearly enough . . . well I can show people who say that: a community of people who (in a world without the state compulsary schooling camps) would compensate these teachers (in monetary and non-monetary/satisfaction terms) far better than they are being rewarded now.  The rewards and joys of teaching which would be available to these great teachers would be magnified so many times over, by removing the coercion and bureaucracy of the state, and allowing freedom of markets in education to flourish.
One of the many, many reasons why I support and promote bitcoin; and why it is political (or rather, anti-political) for me.  If people realized the world that could be, which bitcoin is helping to build; then I think more people would not shy away from these "political" discussions surrounding bitcoin, and might rethink their view of us anarchists as something more than the indigenous crazies around here.
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:46:36
Goods and services will be non-scarce when they are non-scarce.  How do you come to grips with universal economic laws such as the problems of allocation of resources by a central planner?
The Venus project has great goals in mind, but these people have no idea how to actually achieve post-scarcity.
Yes the world sucks.  Stop blaming that on nebulous forces (and yes, I fully understand your definition of capitalism and the historical context of the word).  But you neglect the state (and institutionalized violence) completely in your analysis.  Nearly all of the ills, the inequalities, etc. can be more accurately traced back to state coercion upon society and upon the otherwise beneficial workings of the market.  I'm not defending capitalism. . . I'm defending the reality of what it takes to achieve practical post-scarcity, within the confines of the very much scarce natural and human resources available to us.  Dependence upon the "market" is very different than dependence upon the status quo of corporate pseudo-states.  Being dependent upon the market, just means that in order to live a comfortable modern lifestyle, instead of subsistence, one must trade with others who can (through the division of labor) produce things which you yourself can't (or at least you can't without giving up other necessary activities for yourself).
Post-scarcity, will be a product of technological achievement.  Those technological achievements will be spurred on in their development, best by a market left alone to allocate resources rationally towards the highest ends of society; all things done sustainably and in their due time.  Any type of centralized intervention (no matter how benevolent) can only distort the allocation of resources to ends which are not in harmony with the most pressing needs of society; which values can only be determined individual by individual.  
Money is a necessary communication mechanism in the market to effectively signal, not just demand, but what should be produced and in what quantities and in what ways and how long the structure of production for these goods and services should be.
Things will be post scarce, when they are effectively not scarce:  the same way that we have no need to attribute property rights to the air we breath (even though it is technically scarce).  The same way that technology and market processes have made water out of a drinking fountain (even in an evil capitalist's private institution) free and effectively non-scarce.  The same way that much of software and online services are free of charge, and the same way that breaking down state barriers of artificial scarcity in things like intellectual property are helping to decentralize production and produce beneficial cottage industries in all manner of things.
We have roughly the same goals, my friend;  but you Venus project people have got to learn economics.  Whether you like it or not; bitcoin is going to facilitate more free exchanges between people, and less state intervention. . . possibly even at the short term expense of state-provided social services.  But in the long run, it will bring about a much wealthier society which does not create the poverty which governments keep people trapped into, and it will more importantly help to break down the artificial scarcities and rents which the state provides to capitalists, which allows them to exploit people.
Your world is coming. . . just not in the way you think it will.
@_date: 2013-07-02 18:40:43
When you say "the market will take care of it" . . . . what do you imagine by that?  Exactly what processes and incentives do you think come in to play?
Not to come off as rude or condescending; but from the tone of the rest of your post, I would be willing to bet that you don't have any idea what a free, uninhibited market looks like, or how it functions.
To begin with, those early adopters and others who hold the large amounts of BTC that you talk about, have taken on enormous risk, usually a good deal of loss, and most of these people have been the ones to spend their own money promoting bitcoin (in many ways, including, but not limited to; bitcoin faucets, charities/non-profits, promotional events, startup businesses that they knew would never take off but help adoption, personal efforts in forums, blogs, and networking with businesses to raise awareness, tipping, intentionally spending their bitcoin on things they otherwise would not purchase in order to stimulate the bitcoin economy, fighting regulations, lobbying, or spending millions to comply with regulations and the general risk to bitcoin's success that government poses, making risky loans to other bitcoin startups, hiring people and paying in bitcoin to jumpstart a real money-cycle, etc.).  The results are still not in. . . .that fat lady has not yet sung;  bitcoin may never be adopted on a wide scale. . . .all their hard work, all their money put in to purchasing or mining coin, may be lost or just break even.  If there is no reward (whether that reward be monetary or just the satisfaction of having made bitcoin succeed) for those who take on the herculean task of creating a successful human/monetary network, then I don't know who is supposed to do this task, and who would take on this task. . . .it is too big to be accomplished by just everyone with a few dollars invested in bitcoin. . . it would never happen that way.  It takes capital, and coordination, and sacrifice.  Not that the rest of us don't play a part in this, but bitcoin needs big guns also.  If the future of reality, life, and markets were certain; there would be no need for big risk and big reward/loss.  But that is the way of reality.  Whether those who obtain great riches use it to corrupt and rule over society, is up to us.  We allow that to happen when we sanction organizations such as government to operate outside of the laws which we bind ourselves by.  If we morally sanction a monopoly over anything (including law, justice, defense, education, welfare, etc.) then we have a problem.  Then we have laid a weapon on the proverbial table and made it available for the most powerful and the most sociopathic among us to wield against us.
No, to understand how a market takes care of power structures and has an equalizing effect upon wealth distribution; one must stop assuming that things as they are now represent anything close to a functioning market of human interactions.  You would be hard-pressed to find many examples in our present day of wealth disparities which were not the result of, or upheld by some effect of the state's monopoly on aggression.  
This alone should cause one to reconsider how likely it would be for wealth disparities in a bitcoin-dominated world to remain so.
The actual ratios of bitcoin ownership are far more egalitarian than what you proposed, and there is reason to believe that those ratios are equalizing, rather than getting larger.  What good is a horde of bitcoin if you can't enjoy what they can purchase.  Where does that wealth go when the horder makes purchases?  The weak investors who hold lots of bitcoin now will panic sell at every little down-turn, putting more bitcoin into the hands of wise investors;  wise investors are those who can maximize efficiency of resources, directed towards the desires of people in the market.
A world market dominated by bitcoin (and hopefully other currencies as chosen by a free market) would most likely be one without much government intrusion into our lives and finances.  In this world, there are very few ways for the rich to wield power over people, or leverage their horde, without also benefiting society in the process.
@_date: 2013-06-17 16:26:23
Let's just get something straight for newcomers and those who are still confused by articles like this:
There is not, nor cannot be an "official public face" for bitcoin.  The bitcoin foundation is *official* nothing.  Gavin is not in charge.  Satoshi is not in charge.  None of them speak for me, nor do they speak for you or anyone else, unless you wish them to.
Only the individuals or groups or institutions which provide the best, most desired, updates to the protocol will have a natural following, in terms of changing or controlling bitcoin.  That doesn't have to be Gavin.  He's a fine developer, but he's treading in political waters now;  I believe, into things he does not understand.
@_date: 2013-11-05 03:11:59
easy.  same way they gained the power to cartelize and destroy competition in providing internet access:
they could simply lobby congress or your local city council to make myriad laws regulating the proper disposal of fecal waste. . .all for the children, of course.  all solid waste must first be inspected by the county inspector and then incinerated, before being flushed.  disagree with the draconian measures?  you must hate sanitation and children's health.  
now the only establishments who can afford to have bathroom facilities are those who had money in the first place and can comply with the new measures.  now you must travel long distances to take a shit in an approved facility, and pay their rates, with little competition.  children are taught in school that solid waste disposal is a natural monopoly, best provided for as a public service only; otherwise the market would under-produce crappers and sewage lines. . . as evidenced by the oligopoly of facilities with bathrooms.  a black market emerges; some wealthy enough or desperate enough even sneak poor quality and highly expensive toilets and septic systems onto their properties, and when leaks happen and raw sewage gets into drinking water and causes odors; it reinforces in the public mind that crapping cannot be left up to the free market who would obviously just produce the cheapest septic systems they can and get away with it.
All I know is: good thing we have the FCC and city councils to make sure that internet service in this country isn't even worse.  After all, they created the internet and we owe our allegiance to them.
@_date: 2013-08-01 21:26:30
Best, most insightful comment I've read in a long, long time.  Thank you for all you do, for those in need, for bitcoin, and for peace and freedom.
+ALL verify
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:45:17
Chase, along with all other financial institutions which comply with the laws and financial regulations of the U.S., are part of the U.S. government.  It's called fascism and it differs from totalitarian state socialism more in appearances than in outcomes. . . only with fascism, the government gets everyone to blame the "free market" for those outcomes.
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:21:15


Your way of viewing it is exactly what I said. . . or was trying to get across, anyway.  I don't disagree with you at all.
The peaceful, less costly (broad view of cost: monetarily, morally, etc.) methods for dealing with this were off the table for DPR. . . because of the black market, set up by government.  Not to mention that the motivation and opportunity to try to blackmail DPR were there for the blackmailer in the first place, also because of the government-created black market.  
Yet, I already see so many people blindly blaming bitcoin itself for creating this incentive structure.  
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:46:17
You see people?!  Market failure.  This is what happens when the free market runs rampant.  /s
Think that's a stupid statement?  Just wait a few decades and pay attention to public sentiment.  This is how it goes:
- What's going on right now is the primary regulation.  It is the most obtuse, and usually isn't in response to any real demand by the people to solve a real problem; so it should be hard for the government to get away with, but the bitcoin world isn't widely known and understood by the majority of people yet, so the government can get away with it.  Many in the bitcoin world even welcome it, because they believe it will bring legitimacy.  This is like back before the "free banking era" of the united states, when gross manipulations of currency and inter-bank loans were put into place (really for no reason other than the interests of the federal government and the banks that lobbied them).
- Next are the "unintended" consequences.  In the example of U.S. financial history, this is like the so-called free banking era, where wild swings and bank runs occurred (even then, not actually as bad as the business cycles we've experienced under the federal reserve, but nevertheless, history is written by the victors, and people passionately believe that we are saved from the free market by the central bank; even though the free market had already been destroyed by the primary interventions; see Canada on the gold standard for contrast).  Back to the modern bitcoin world, we now face extreme difficulty in obtaining bitcoins, and the cartelization of the few exchanges and financial service providers who can afford to (or are picked by the regulators) to comply with the primary regulation.  This perpetuates poor liquidity and an unstable and non-user-friendly marketplace (at least for those of us in the U.S.).
- Now, a few years or decades pass; and people in their infinite wisdom seem to somehow forget that the way things are has everything to do with government intervention, and very little to do with market processes.  We all now call for government to intervene (with secondary and tertiary regulations) to save us from the "greed" of the private sector and mitigate what are actually the ills of the unintended consequences of the primary regulations (but get blamed on the "unregulated free market").  The secondary and tertiary regulations can somewhat mitigate the ills, but only within the scope of what is possible within a highly regulated system;  which pales in comparison to what would have been achieved in truly free conditions, and market-regulated systems.
- a house of cards is built, not a sustainable bitcoin economy.  it collapses.  people get angry.  sometimes revolutions ensue, which usually only replace one tyrannical governing body with another, instead of producing real change.  rinse.  repeat.
This is why rejecting government coercion is so important, and why being a creator of voluntary solutions to market problems is essential.
If left alone, people can and will invent ways to provide deposit insurance, better security against loss and theft of coins, better/easier payment networks bootstrapped onto the bitcoin protocol.  Not to mention that everyone would be free to switch to other currencies (especially other competing crypto-currencies) which would create an amazing and prosperous laboratory of different economic models.
Ignore these thugs.  Make them irrelevant.  Use bitcoin regardless of what they say.  Let's make the bitcoin economy and ecosystem of such power and consequence, and charity, and efficiency; that the whole world is compelled to look at it and know see how silly and inadequate government solutions are; and join in our economy and leave the old systems behind to rot.
@_date: 2013-11-16 20:49:05
If it is masturbatory to downvote comments which condone the use of violence against people who have not harmed anyone. . . then I say, fap away.
Your world is crumbling.  Your use of bitcoin (assuming that you do use it) is helping that along. . . whether you like it or not.  Have a nice day.
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:52:08
And please explain how the choice between saving and spending is analogous to a prisoner's dilemma.
Also, a game theorist assumes that economic actors have discovered the nash equilibrium for their particular circumstance and will apply it methodically. . . or at least that they should.  This is not shown to be the case.
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:45:21
I assumed you were talking about Shostak and Gertchev....there are more?
@_date: 2013-05-19 08:54:50
So many statist dogs these days, barking at everything their masters have trained them to.  That is inevitable with wider adoption of this network.  
Yet for all the unenlightened nay-saying and vitriol (I welcome well thought-out criticisms and concerns), I wish them all the best and great success and hope that they will use or continue to use bitcoin. .  . most of them will never change their tune or learn sound economics; but that is okay.  They chip away at their own stagnant, corrupt, and violent system just by participating in the bitcoin economy.  They do not realize that every transaction that they make with others (whether for bitcoin or for altruistic ends) brings the world a step closer to anarchy and peace even if that's not what they want.  Bitcoin renders the political means obsolete.  
Nothing changes that; not attempted government regulation, not lobbying, not the Winklevii, not the bitcoin foundation, not even a majority of bitcoin users trying to tyrannize a minority (though a majority could make a minority branch off into their own blockchain or alt cryptocurrency, but the result is the same).  The individual is mathematically protected from the tyranny of the one and the many, and bitcoin succeeds or fails on merit and usefulness alone. Vires in numeris.
@_date: 2013-08-07 01:29:54
Sure. . . but don't be all for it; just lay low.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:23:50
Just up the street at another convention, but have to fly out Friday morning, so can't go....kills me.
@_date: 2013-05-31 03:32:31
I have not.  Have you been involved in planning industrial projects in an economy based on a slowly deflating currency?  You would have to have lived a long time ago, I think.
Without turning this into semantics regarding the word "deflation", what you have experienced is a type, or definition, of deflation which is in reality a giant market correction, from the decades of inflationary central bank policy.  The deflationary period you are likely referring to from your experience has more to do with correcting malinvestments at nearly every stage of production, caused by the distortion of this structure due to artificially low interest rates (see: Austrian Business Cycle Theory).
The entire economy would fail;  that's the current economy's fault for being a house of cards. . . not a problem with a decreasing supply of money.  An economy is being built around bitcoin (and other currencies) which will not suffer from the same manipulations as the fiat economies have.  It will be deflationary, and my bet is that you'll still want to plan your industrial projects.
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:42:43
What I don't get is why he isn't wearing a mask.  I think everyone will be wearing them in the future. . . they're terribly comfortable.
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:18:19


Some regulation legitimizes.  Coerced, monopolized regulation stifles and allows no recourse to unintended consequences.  Legitimacy is something that almost all businesses want, and need in order to survive and so there is demand for regulatory services and certifications which can be provided for on the market, voluntarily, and in competing fashion.
@_date: 2013-08-16 03:46:48
That's nice.  You may voluntarily submit your company to whatever regulations you feel will instill consumer confidence.  I applaud you in doing that.
Just stop supporting the coercion of regulation upon everyone else.  Why do lives need to be ruined, assets confiscated, people put in jail, and sometimes blood shed, in order to solve such simple societal issues?
Let's use our brains.  Be creative. Grow a pair.  And stop the madness.
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:38:24
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.
"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "We're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad."
"How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice.
"You must be," said the Cat, "otherwise you wouldn't have come here."
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:39:29
Exactly.  Let a market develop around arbitration, and crypto-contractual/escrow methods for making safe investments.
This is not practiced widely yet, due to the immaturity of the market and the technology, but mostly because of culture;  most people fall into the moral hazard of believing that the government can and should save you from fraud.  Can they?  Yes, sometimes they can. . .mostly they just punish the offending party, though, with little or no restitution to the victims.  Should they?  
Well, that question brings me to the second reason why non-governmental protection options are not employed:
The government maintains a monopoly on this service.  We are all paying for it whether we like the way it's done or not, and have all depended on it for so long. . . nor would any competing entities be legally allowed to fill that roll.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:10:21
Is gold good money?  It's been pretty volatile before, and quite a bit lately.
The criticism that bitcoin is not yet money, is well founded.  It is nearly impossible to use as a unit of account.  What if gold were being earned and spent, and held widely again, as a money?  It's volatility would decrease.  The same is true of bitcoin...and is in process of happening (hint: look at the all time chart in log scale).  But, as Gary North correctly said; these things take time.
You predictably avoided the debate about the misapplication of Mengerian theory to bitcoin.  Every anti-bitcoin Austrian I've encountered so far has done the same thing....they avoid debating the points made by Surda, Graff, and others.
@_date: 2013-07-14 17:26:29
Personally, I find it comes a little too close to the cult of personality, so to speak.  The mainstream places their trust in people and even, in a way, worships these fallible (albeit well-intentioned) people.  Let them have their world and reap its effects.
I don't mind the "Satoshi" so much; because it is a pseudonym and we don't know who this person (or people) is/are . . . so its more like honoring an idea.
Welcome to the new paradigm:  Vires in Numeris.  In crypto we trust.
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:21:40
In my wallet:  1JYMmVKxSTtQo86zNBj6SKZ2RRySGFof5j
here, I'll keep them safe for you.
In all seriousness, yes.  It is generally considered highly risky to keep more BTC in your exchange account than you absolutely must in order to execute the trades that you have on the books.  I really like blockchain.info wallet for amounts like what you're talking about (and their smartphone app), and a paper wallet (generated offline and stored in a safe or safes) for larger sums.
@_date: 2013-10-24 22:43:19
When bitcoin reaches "full saturation", the exchange price will be meaningless to today's valuation.  
In other words, if people start dumping fiat currencies over the next 10 years in favor of bitcoin and/or other crypto-currencies, the number of dollars in circulation (not being saved or otherwise held out of immediate circulation) will increase, but be chasing roughly the same amount of goods and services (price inflation). . . .so even though your bitcoin may fetch $10,000,000 at the exchange in the year 2023; the question is, what will $10,000,000 (or 1 BTC) buy you?
I'm not suggesting that a bitcoin will buy you less stuff in 10 years, than it does today; but I am suggesting that a massive increase in it's dollar price will only compliment the decreased purchasing power of each dollar.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:04:53
I don't follow.  This isn't compound interest we're talking about.  It is a straight dollar value of 1 BTC at exchange.  To get to a $1 trillion market cap, in 2043, where there will be approx 20 million BTC in existence, then each must be worth close to $50,000 at exchange. 
Therefore your few percentage increase month over month will in fact be  (as viewed from the perspective of a person watching the dollar value on the exchange) about $140 per month on average.  The fact that we can look at the chart in retrospect in both logarithmic and linear scales, will simply illustrate that the monthly rate of dollar-value increase will tend to accelerate exponentially.  And of course the volatility that OP already mentioned which makes this average of $140/month only possible in retrospect.
@_date: 2013-11-05 03:28:05
You could. . . for a while, on the grounds of a partial exemption from the rule, but then they started to crack down on the "crap-and-trade" system, and enforce the cartel's intellectual property rights on the use of concave vessels which hold fecal waste.
As I said, modern sanitation is obviously a product of government. . .without them, we'd all be pooping onto the streets.
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:39:38
I see what you did there
@_date: 2013-09-05 06:38:19
Those are impressive volumes. . . . I had no idea there was so much to the China hype.
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:16:50
But Krugman told me that there just wasn't enough stimulus...that we would be worse off if there had been none.  Nevermind that that is a non-falsifiable claim.
@_date: 2013-07-04 01:55:46
So. . . the general premise is correct, and you admit that the number of variables is vast and unknown (thus there can be no control nor standard scientific method employed), and yet you turn right around and reason in circles that:   "Thus, the only valid way to derive economic policy is through the scientific method- hypothesizing, and looking at past and present available data for confirmation or contradiction."  
Are you even reading what you're writing?
Also: 


You sure about that?  Do you have data to support your hypothesis?  You might try the link I posted...it will rock your world.
@_date: 2013-11-16 22:07:06


That's great. . . but if you are not willing to get rid of the institution which oppresses, then ending the drug war will, at best, end the drug war, and permit the continuance and growth of all the other oppression going on. . . and at worst give more power to the very institution which oppresses (since you are using that institution to fix the problems that that very institution created).
Can you be more specific about how I'm deluding myself as to the truth of reality?  The reality I see is people continuing to do the same things over and over (vote/support centralize powers) and expect different results.  Now, that's not to say that voters will never end the drug war; but if/when that happens, it will happen because enough people in society have been enlightened in order to demand that particular change.  But simply trying to vote it away, while continuing to condone a system which puts people in cages for whatever the bad-thing-du-jour is, is (to me) immoral, and also most definitely counter productive to a peaceful and prosperous society.
That's where agorism comes in;  building better systems to replace the rule sets and the services of the state.  Bitcoin is one of the best tools of agorism we have in our day.  It will do more to dissolve state power and free people from oppression (not just the drug war) than any other single tool I can think of.
I think you misunderstand me.  I don't intend to fight the state directly;  I've never used "illicit" substances, and I probably never will.  I never purchased anything off of the silk road.  You might have thought that I was saying screw the man, so what if I might get arrested. . . no, that's not the tactic.  I'm not planning on being kidnapped by the thugs in blue costumes and put in their cages.  The tactic is rendering the need for a state obsolete so that drug wars, and all of the other non-sense and human misery which the state produces will not be a problem, and people can choose their law, and their society, and their money, and their peers for themselves.
Far fetched?  Utopian?  Maybe.  I'm not waiting for a utopia, though. . . I'm living part of it by using bitcoin.  I'll live that much more of it with each collapse of state institution and/or replacement of it by voluntary ones.  I do not agree to your laws and your system;  I never signed on to them.  Working within your system to change your system is what is delusional.
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:32:52
Let me just say that I have read your whole comment here and most of the links, and I actually think its really cool that you have gone this far down the rabbit hole . . . very few have the patience for it, except on the strictly economic forums.
I'm going to just make one last point, or respond to essentially one main idea in your comment which I think should directly or indirectly answer everything else.  (please, if you feel that this is a cop-out in regards to your other points, let me know and I'm happy to continue, but brevity is not my strong point and I certainly don't want to waste your time).  The most important concept, which I think you perceive erroneously is this:


This simply confuses real wealth and nominal wealth.  Wealth can increase even if the number of units of currency in circulation do not increase. . . that is, actually what deflation is. .. each unit of currency essentially representing a greater amount of real or valued goods and services.  Please see [Hazlitt (start on pg. 91, PDF!)]( on the paradox of saving for more detail on how keyne's logic does not pan out.  It is important to understand that money is neutral in this context.
One more thing. . .because I gotta:


And yet without government (indeed, in spite of government). . . . bitcoin!  
One would think that this fact alone, not to mention nearly the whole of the last few thousand years of histories of government and non-government currencies (such as gold, conch shells, or silver), would be enough to empirically show the absurdity of the claim that the production of money is anything other than a natural extension, or efficiency gain stemming from bartering and completely and obviously explainable due to market forces alone.
@_date: 2013-05-19 08:29:39


{sigh} Even if your assessment is completely correct; how do you imagine that greed hurts anyone else, if no violence or fraud is being used to pursue the ends of the greedy?  How does a non-violent person or organization fulfill their greedy ends without simultaneously providing value for others in exchange for what they want. As far as the truly greedy who employ fraud and violence to obtain what they want (e.g. governments, central banks, some corporations); are you unaware of the ways in which bitcoin is bringing them to their knees to the benefit of the world?  Is this not a valid reason to invest in bitcoin?  Are the homeless who are being helped and the other charitable causes which bitcoin has enabled, not valid reasons?  Is the anonymity and autonomy which bitcoin can provide the use with, not a valid reason to invest in it?


Why do you single out these particular groups as being the target of this alleged pyramid scheme?  What do they all have in common?  Are they all gullible fools who can't decide what's best for themselves?  Do they need someone like you to help them out of their ignorance?  How exactly do you believe that currency speculators are being duped or having wealth extracted from them?  Because some lose money?  What about the ones who increase their net worth .. . .do they cease to be classified by you as a currency speculator, and are now magically part of the evil, greedy cabal of pyramid scheme operators?


Please, do explain to me how a deflationary currency poses a problem for the user or economy at large.  Are you regurgitating what you learned in college, or from reading a few Paul Krugman articles?  Or do you actually understand the laws of economics enough to think it through for yourself, such that you are prepared to make a sound logical case against deflationary and free-market currencies, without resorting to fallacies such as appealing to authorities or to their interpretations of historical data?
It seems to me that you have asserted an untenable and indefensible position; one that you probably should have thought through before lacing it with emotional, classist, and economically illiterate interjections.
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:43:42


appeal to authority.


Nitpicking.  I addressed that aspect of it in my last paragraph, simply failed to address it in the second to last.  I get called out elsewhere for being long-winded.  I can't please everybody.  I'm not here to.  Some people other than you will see this and the logic of it and they will see how it makes bitcoin a much more ideal money than fiat.


So, what part of the logic that I used do you disagree with?
@_date: 2013-10-24 16:57:00
False summit.
@_date: 2013-10-20 01:47:00
You might consider whether something like gold or diamonds simply holds *less* "intrinsic" value for you than do food, medicine and shelter.  Most people can live a long time without medicine.  Will medicine play a role in extending most people's lives. . .sure.  But what timeline defines when a good or service becomes necessary, or of intrinsic value.  Can people live long lives without things of beauty and interest and entertainment, such as gold or bitcoins. . . sure.  But why is longevity the only measure of intrinsic value?
Value, of course, is not intrinsic to things, but is imputed to things by the mind of the individual.  Even life itself is valued differently by different people;  a truly suicidal person values it much less than you probably do.
Diamonds and gold tend to cost more, or be valued more than water. . . but only on the margin.  In other words; most of us have had all our immediate needs for life-giving water satisfied, and thus, the marginal value of another unit of water is less for us than say, an ounce of gold, or a carat weight of diamond.  If all our aesthetic desires for diamonds were being fulfilled, but we had poor access to water;  I assure you that people would be paying far more money for the water than for the diamond.
Bitcoins do have ["intrinsic"]( value, just as gold, diamonds, and water do.
@_date: 2013-07-04 03:32:06
That's all very interesting, and technically correct for the most part.  But it seems you're still beating around the bush;  you asked mughat for data to support his hypothesis (regarding unregulated economy being better than the state of things today). . this of course requires that we both hold a fairly similar value on what is good and what is not good, which I'm willing to assume that we do.  What's left is a question of economics, which is a value-free science;  it cannot tell us what is good and bad; it can only tell us (roughly and with limitations) what we need to do if we desire Xresult, or what not to do to achieve Yresult.  
As you then stated:


And here is the core of the problem and what I was railing against.
  
1. No one asserted that we should or could derive policy (towards the "good" that we both value) directly from axioms.
2. Your above assertion is not logically derived, nor is it an axiom as you keep asserting that it is.  One test of whether something is axiomatic or not is that it is logically implied by simple, undeniable facts; fact that can be proven undeniable because an attempt to deny it would prove it to be true.  For example; If I define "human action" as purposeful behavior by an actor who seeks to remove uneasiness by employing means that he/she believes will do so, in order to achieve that end; then we can axiomatically say that humans act.  To deny this is to act; to perform purposeful behavior.  Please, edify me as to how your assertion above logically follows from a simple, undeniable fact, or whatever other logical chain you have used to arrive at this conclusion, because I don't follow.  In fact this axiom of human action, which I alluded to above is in fact the groundwork of the method by which we can most correctly deal with the primary factors driving behavior in a complex economy.  Again, read the book; look into praxeology; you might be surprised what can be known by deductive means.  But certainly, the limitations are there, as I will go into further below.


Perhaps I'm misunderstanding what you mean by "complete knowledge".  If we have complete knowledge about anything (whether that knowledge was derived by inductive, empirical, or deductive means), then why would we have need of "deducing policy" anyways?  I absolutely agree that what we can do is make deductions of rough probability; though I do not see how deductions without further and complementary empirical evidence can render probabilities with ordinal values.  We seem to be saying the same thing and be in some agreeance here, but here's the rub; you asked for data first.  You did not ask for a logically deduced foundation; and as you yourself stated: ". .the scope of the issue is so large, as it is in economics, and the number of variables so vast and unknown, and even the value of a lot of the variables is unknown. .".  I think this describes the problem of economics in general well enough.  So, with that in mind, being that studying an economy is studying a complex system. . . one in which we cannot know nor control all of the variables; how can you possibly find it intellectually honest to place empiricism first, and ask for raw empirical data; without understanding first the framework, and the most appropriate methodology on which to derive economic knowledge?
We do not know that A+B=C because someone kept adding it up manually and did it enough times to feel confident that that would always be the case; this is derived logically from axioms.  If the answer doesn't come out that way; we can know with surety that something else went wrong or changed. . . we don't doubt pythagorean theorem.
We do not know that prices rise when demand goes up, due to empirical observations of the market. . . .we know this law of demand to be true a priori.  We know that this will always be the outcome CETERIS PARABIS.  We use that term "ceteris parabis", precisely because no one has yet (nor will they for a long time) modeled the human psyche fully to predict decisions, developed econometrics for it, plus employed enough computer power to track those predictions for millions and billions of people; in order to form a coherent model of the economy on which we can make policy prescriptions.  The best mathemeticians and econometricians of today don't even begin to scratch the surface of this feat. . . their predictions are so far off, or they model assumptions which prove the result.
So I ask YOU:  what data could mughat or anyone possibly have to support his hypothesis?  The minute you come up with some hypothetical data set which might show it to be true, is the minute that I could pose hypothetical factors which were also in play in the economy which could have skewed, negated, or otherwise obfuscated any data purporting to support his claim.  Empiricism is not the way to approach economics.
@_date: 2013-02-19 23:56:30
I had my private key laser etched into a capsule which I had embedded in my body in a location disclosed by my last will and testament.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:29:00
I appreciate what you're doing here (and that comment was directed at me)....but for what it is worth;  I really don't like moderation, or see much point in it.  Just words, that's all.  Words can't actually harm anyone or force you to do anything.  They can be ignored.
Words like these, and subs can clutter, I supposed, if left un-checked....but I've just never really seen that become a problem, where it actually wastes any significant amount of my time while trying to find good content.
I would much rather leave speech free and use methods such as bitcointip in order to reward and incentivize really good commentary and content submission.
Just my .02 BTC
@_date: 2013-11-15 03:22:50
Screw coredevs.  Get rid of the idea of having coredevs.  bitcoin is not truly decentralized until development is decentralized (and yes, I'm aware there are multiple clients by different developers); however, the community trust is placed in Gavin/Jeff/Mike.  Many nodes and miners will almost unthinkingly update to whatever their next release is, and the other clients must essentially match the changes in the protocol.  this is not to invoke some conspiracy theory. . . I think highly of those three individuals; but you can't trust people with centralized power. . . even if that power is given to them somewhat voluntarily.  The community defers to these few people.
That being said; government mandating the use of a redlist-type update to the protocol (and the coredevs slipping it into the next update at their behest) is about as likely as them forbidding the use of bitcoin. . . just a lighter version of the same thing.  They know they can't enforce it, even though they know that making the decree would intimidate enough people such that it would stifle bitcoin's growth in the united states.
A hard-fork may be necessary in the future; but I think with enough dialogue right now, the majority of miners can and will be convinced to decide right now that should the day come, they will not upgrade to the new Govcoin client, and thus the majority of nodes and hash rate will stay with the freedom chain, and the govcoin chain will be eventually abandoned.  It will be a wild ride with the prices, no doubt; but the USD exchange price becomes more and more irrelevant every day . . . little do they know that it is a race against the clock until their decrees become ineffectual and their mandates toothless against a truly decentralized market economy, that is isolated from the need for fiat money.
Do what you feel is wise with your fiat money right now. . . but stick around; be part of the strength of the network which defies centralization of control.
@_date: 2013-07-27 22:59:12
Forkin' awesome.
@_date: 2013-07-22 20:47:32
Um, wat?
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:15:53
Right, so what you're talking about is not whether bitcoin is good at transferring wealth, but the fact that it has a relatively small market cap and relatively poor liquidity.  In other words, volatility.  This is certainly a problem (or at least a symptom of its growth and price-discovery phase), and one which I believe the market is resolving. . .though I won't get into my reasonings for that here, as it's a little off topic.
If I own 1 million bitcoins and need to send those to someone, it is much much easier and cheaper to send than $1 million, or even the dollar price equivalent of those 1 million bitcoins ($1 billion).  Yes, of course having to purchase that amount of bitcoins, if I don't already hold them is going to cause shocks to the marketplace, and I may find myself unable to purchase that many, anywhere close to the price at which the BTC was sitting before I began purchasing.  
But to be consistent, you would have to imagine someone not owning any dollars and then trying to purchase nearly 1/10th of the total supply of dollars in a short span of time (around 1 trillion dollars, by the M2). . . this would likewise create substantial waves in money markets, purchasing power, and economies around the globe.
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:14:39
I do appreciate, and think you have a great idea, but unfortunately wouldn't be worth my time at this point.
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:42:46
In my humble experience, the reality is that many of the criticisms here are well founded. . . very few employers will be inclined to make the extra effort to purchase bitcoins and pay a portion of a single-employee's wages in BTC.
I am an independent contractor and I offer 10% to 20% discount if the client pays me in BTC.  That's a substantial discount for them.  I have not even had a bite.  
This is in large part because employers have little time to learn even the basics, and the government has already successfully made it significantly more difficult and costly to purchase bitcoins.
That being said, getting paid in bitcoin, is absolutely the way forward for the success of bitcoin and price stability.
What does this mean?  Well it means that all those ['scary']( early adopters who are "hoarding" massive amounts of bitcoin will likely become the venture capitalists, capital owners, and employers of the future. . . and THEY will need to provide jobs which pay employees in bitcoin.  And given the things the people are willing to do to obtain bitcoins, I'd say that there is significant incentive for these early adopters to divest of their hoard.
If you are a person who fears concentrations of wealth for its own sake. . . I can't offer you much comfort other than the consideration that the character of the people who have amassed this bitcoin wealth is likely to be more in line with your own, than is the character of the current powers that be.
If you are a person who acknowledges the role that jealousy likely plays in your assessment of concentrations of wealth . . . well, let's just say that we're all still on the ground floor here and have good reason to desire to provide goods and services to these bitcoin aristocrats in exchange for some of their coin. . . putting the savvy BTC business person right now, in a second-place, but still enviable position. . . .a position to spread the wealth, while benefiting yourself as well.
@_date: 2013-08-20 05:15:27
Sorry, if I'm coming across too pessimistic. . . it is only because the bitcoin community often takes heat for supposedly not warning newcomers of the harsher realities of the bitcoin experiment.
I have had coins stolen from me (not out of my client on my computer or paper wallets, but from 3rd party online services where I stored small amounts of bitcoin when they were hacked); yet all-in-all it has been a very positive and learning experience.  The potential that bitcoin holds, to re-shape money, the way that the internet has re-shaped information, far outweighs (in my opinion) any of the minor growing pains it is experiencing.
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:50:29
Cool story bro, but I wasn't talking about evading taxes.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:29:18
Kevin's strategy is optimal for Kevin.  I'm just not very interested in fiat money, almost no matter how many of them I can get for a bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:53:17
You didn't reference a percentage of of the world economy.  You referenced a $1 trillion market cap in 2043.  So you must be going by the value of a dollar in 2043.
Try this:
Even if we assume that the government's statistics are honest and their methods valid; the dollar has lost at least [58%]( of it's purchasing power since 1983 (30 years ago).
Just based on that inflation trajectory alone, and your projections for bitcoin dollar value. . . in 2043, one bitcoin will purchase approximately what $21,000 will get you today.
But again, factor in the substantial transfers of fiat into crypto-currencies and other moneys, and you lose more purchasing power still.
The M1 certainly doesn't correspond to the CPI in a linear fashion, however, assuming that the current M1 (about $2.5 trillion) of the united states must increase by the same percentage by the year 2043 in order for inflation rate to match the last 30 years, then M1 in 2043 will be about $15.6 trillion.
Now, here's where it gets really rocky and I'm not going to stand by the following too strongly or put much into defending it, but it is an interesting thought exercise:
 it is hard to say how many bitcoins held, will be held by Americans, or those otherwise likely to have held US dollars if bitcoin did not exist.  So let me throw a very rough guess out there and say that 15% of all bitcoins in 2043 will be held by Americans or people who would otherwise hold dollars if bitcoin didn't exist.  That means that $150 billion worth of goods and services will be "stolen" from the proportion of goods and services which will be getting chased by a $15.6 trillion economy.
What it boils down to is that, despite my earlier musings, your projected transition to a $1 trillion BTC market-cap will not affect USD price inflation all that much, and we may be able to go by the $21,000 current purchasing power projection for future purchasing power of 1 BTC.
Again, assuming that the dollar doesn't collapse completely before then.
@_date: 2013-07-24 00:39:58
In terms of reddit votes, it seems you've been outdone. . . .by the ignorant, and those who feel they have more claim to punish the criminal, than you have claim to be made whole by the criminal.
+25 mBTC verify
For your good arguments.
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:09:33
Not only do I agree with this to great extent (and have posted similar things before), but I think that the idea of trying to start a bitcoin bank, very clearly shows how government intervention (the system at large) currently stifles market solutions, to the real problems that bitcoin does suffer from.  It is practically impossible to set a business up and market it as anything close to a bank and being able to insure deposits, etc., without being shut down by the banking and financial arms of government.
In a more perfect world, where government did not interfere in the peaceful interactions of others; I too believe that (in addition to technological solutions such as hardware wallets), many bitcoin banks would have already popped up, allowing the non-technical and convenience minded to transact in a proxy paper-bill, and credit/debit/NFC type of system that they are familiar and comfortable with; where the bank takes the burden and responsibility for the actual bitcoin transactions and security behind the scenes.  Even doing it this way would provide a bitcoin bank many inefficiencies over traditional banking and clearinghouse methods and systems.  
There would be the possibility of fractional reserve banks as well, and they would learn very quickly (the hard way) what ratio of reserves they need to keep on hand, and/or there would be lenders and insurers of last resort, who serve as a backup to the reserve ratios (and thus regulate their customer banks in this way).
Inflation and deflation of the money supply (if it is indeed required) is handled by the market at large, by way of the creation and dissolution of competing monies (i.e. litecoin, or other alt-coins, or even competing paper or digital monies).
EDIT:  TL;DR   people who hate banks, are usually either thinking only of banks as they exist today (the hyper-regulated cabal of pseudo-state financial institutions that we call banks), or they are ignorant of economic history altogether, and have bought in to everything their college professor taught them to believe about the world before the Fed was created.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:20:23
Cool story, but there's no analogy to be made between a building on girders and an economy (which is just a word we use to quickly describe the interactions of millions and billions of people).
But let's go with your analogy anyway:  let's compare an economy to an edifice which needs support, and there's obvious profit to be made by individuals in chipping away at its support.  Your task is still to show why anyone would build such a building, and why they would ever use 18 K gold, and why they would allow people to take them for free.  Furthermore, once people have taken all the gold and it collapses. . . it does not follow that these people are any worse off.  Do these people rely on the building for something?  If so, why was it built this way in the first place, given human nature.
See, that's just it;  it is the current, inflationary and controlled economies which conform more closely to your analogy.  I would call it a house of cards, but whatever you want to call it, it is a system which is at odds with the desires of the individual actors in the economy, instead of an edifice constructed in a voluntary means precisely due to the need for it and in accordance with the best interests of each actor. . . actors who would have more to lose by chipping away at its valuable girders than they would have to gain.
@_date: 2013-05-09 17:41:34
It would all depend on what exactly that "well-defined regulation" is, and also on exactly how uncertain people are made to feel about future regulation.
The point of bitcoin is not to be unregulated or less regulated. . . . the point is to not be regulated by the powers that be; including the CFTC and FinCen or any other government bureaucracy or their crony banks.  Voluntary regulation can and will happen, as suits the needs of bitcoin users and businesses, and as they find enough value in paying for the services and certifications.  Or you could ignore/not subscribe to these various free-market regulations and regulators and reap the benefits or consequences.  That way innovative market forces aren't stifled, but stability is provided, where desired.
When banks shut down accounts of the exchanges. . . . we ignore them and find other ways to buy and sell bitcoins.  When the government tries to centrally plan and manage and regulate bitcoin futures or define it in any way. . . .with bitcoin (and some careful steps taken) we also can ignore this and continue to perform meaningful, valuable, and peaceful transactions with each-other.  
Yes, uncertainty, or poorly defined regulation could drive bitcoin underground; but it probably can't stop you from trading with it.  You still have the choice, and that is what makes bitcoin so powerful.
@_date: 2013-08-06 20:14:52
There is certainly some "legitimacy" to be gained, in the short run, by getting bitcoin under the full complement of federal and state alphabet soup agencies.  The boost to the comfortability with crypto-currencies as an asset class; one watered-down enough to be palatable to retirees and institutional investors alike, could propel adoption to new heights not yet seen.
The long game though, which I prefer to play is that sentiment in the U.S. and around the world is rapidly shifting towards mistrust of "official" channels.  I prefer to bide my time, helping to improve upon the technology surrounding the user experience and tools available, until such time as a critical mass of people flee government stagnation and injustice, and come running to assets like bitcoin.  It is at this point, that a regulated bitcoin will hold little appeal, and the rewards for allowing it to become such will already have been had.  If left more raw and uniquely market-regulated, bitcoin could be propelled to a far greater status of one of the world's primary currencies.
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:17:15
See...this is what I love about bitcoin, and what you don't understand about it;   economically illiterate and morally reprehensible viewpoints such as yours normally get me all hot and bothered (since their widespread acceptance directly harms me)... But with bitcoin, I get to simply say: "just watch".  
Just watch as bitcoin succeeds in doing what it was intended to do: free people and limit the power of the state.  With bitcoin, I am mathematically protected from people like you.
@_date: 2013-11-15 04:54:52
But 'Murica is different!  Our debt is denominated in the currency we control.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:46:51
The one thing we can be fairly sure of, is that they will attack it gradually, the way they do almost everything else.  Just look at the way most bitcoiners even now seem to believe that bitcoin represents a completely unhampered market....when in reality, the US govt has made it exceedingly difficult to purchase bitcoins from an exchange in the us, nearly impossible to operate an exchange, and ominous and confusing tax codes cause the average person to fear, and have to rethink their entire investment strategy and volume.  Not to mention the persecution of exchanges and individuals by the commercial banks, which are nothing if not arms of the state monetary and financial apparatus.
If people are this clueless regarding what a free market is, and how the state has already affected the market for bitcoin....then imagine what can be slipped in within a 5 year timeframe....what gradual encroachments can be made to destroy its usefulness and the ability for market regulations and innovations to take hold.   And most people will look at the stagnant mess that this debautched financial system will be and blame "free markets" and "anarchy" and bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2013-07-21 23:32:36
Experts claiming it's different this time. . . . 
like [this](
or [this](
Nah. . . never happens.
Animal spirits man. . .that's all it is.
@_date: 2013-08-01 04:25:48
They are angry and confused due to the cognitive dissonance they are experiencing as it relates to the economic and political indoctrination they have received their entire lives.
Surely, only government must provide money.  Free markets fail at this.  An economy cannot grow and function without a central bank or central monetary authority.  An economy cannot prosper without keynesian-style fiscal or monetary meddling.  A deflationary currency will discourage investment and lending, and send the economy into a deflationary spiral.  People are bad so an government made up of people is necessary to regulate money, and ensure that it is distributed to the poor. . .otherwise people would starve to death in the streets in perpetuity, and evil greedy be-monacled rich people would reign, unchallenged forevermore, drinking the blood of the dead and dying poor in the streets.  A mighty military, an empire building machine must exists and have increasing funds thrown into it's voracious jaws, otherwise we would all immediately be destroyed by terrorists; thus our wise overlords must take our money, to save us from terrorists, and from ourselves.  All of our great society's children must be educated compulsorily, in the same way, at the same pace, in the same institution, under the same curriculum, and they all must become "well rounded" in the arbitrarily decided-upon body of curriculum which our leaders know to be the only and best canon of holy subjects to be learned, before they may branch out or specialize in any way shape or form.  Great bodies of artificial law and coercive regulation must be invented by those who have been anointed by the holy priesthood of democracy, to be administered centrally upon all, by the ordained, jack-booted vassals of the state, with impunity, to make sure that none ever dare to oppose, otherwise druggies hopped up on goof-balls will rule the streets and murder and rape will run rampant.  Evil fire-sticks must not be allowed to be handled by the natives, lest they all be tempted to embark upon rampageous killing sprees.
Bitcoin presently challenges some of these eternal truths held by the majority of the population of western nation-states. . . and it will soon give rise to institutions and culture which challenge the whole of them.
That makes people mad.
@_date: 2013-05-31 02:20:04


Having the option to use another currency is a feature of a free market; A monetary authority must monopolize the currency in use in order to exercise monetary policy.  By your logic, the wild swings and bank panics of the 1900's America should not be attributed to the gold standard since there were other money options.  Or can you point to a different historical example of market-based or hard currencies causing harm to economies, yet people voluntarily stuck with that currency?  I fail to see how an economy can thrive if it's currency(ies) fail.


The wealth in an economy is ultimately dependent upon production; we cannot consume things unless we have produced them.  Production which can only come about by deferred consumption, and the accumulation of capital.  An inflationary currency encourages consumption, and erodes savings.  Bitcoin encourages savings so that there is a larger pool of real wealth (not just units of money) accumulating.  The capital structure, which has been destroyed over the decades takes time to rebuild; but it will be rebuilt on bitcoin or some other non-inflationary currency.  
The volatility you cited as the problem is a feature mostly of the interchange between fiat and bitcoin, and a period of price discovery; certaily a monetary authority (if bitcoin could have one) could have helped stabilize price in the short run, but only at the expense of the capital accumulation process, or by the fact that they would have forced everyone to use the currency.  There is a great deal of opportunity cost here that you are not considering;  
and so in that sense, yes, I will say that that borrowing (and their loss) was healthy for the economy. . . you are not considering the opportunity costs or what would have been the net costs upon the participants in the bitcoin economy if the "horders" had had their stores diminished in favor of making the borrowers' debt serviceable.  Bad things happening to some market participants is no metric whereby to judge the health of an economy as a whole. . . if there even can be such a metric.  I'm also certain that not many firms borrowed BTC in the early days, as the risks of doing such were quite evident from the earliest days.  I don't wish their fate upon them by any means, but market efficient decisions must be rewarded and entrepreneurs who make incorrect predictions must bear the costs of taking on the risk.  Making an argument otherwise is simply an emotional appeal on the level of using the poverty (which governments create) to justify governments stealing from us to care for the poor;  it ignores causality completely.


Now common sense tells you that if your venture is meat-space, you should use fiat.
Common sense tells me that I should divest of fiat.  Heaven forbid that savers and investors should get a return on their money.  There's only BTC to borrow because the wealth is coming in from the outside fiat world which has had decades to build up the capital to lend in the first place.  The BTC economy has little or no such wealth yet to lend in order to facilitate growth (also a factor in the volatility). . .but the incentives inherent to bitcoin foster "hording" such that there will be greater stores of real wealth to lend, while the fiat economy eats itself from the inside and eventually collapses.
In the end, I think that we can both agree that there's not much of a bitcoin economy, in the sense that fiat is the basis of almost every purchase and every sale, every loan . . . just one step away.  Bitcoin is not serving as the unit of account yet for many people, for the same reason that when I travel abroad, I think of my meal, which is say 16 euros, in terms of how many dollars it is going to cost me. . . I earn dollars, I pay my expenses in dollars.  If I earned bitcoin as my primary income and payed my mortgage in bitcoins and bought my groceries, gas, etc, and these people in turn paid their suppliers in bitcoin. . . .well, we would have two things:  1. a more concrete economy to compare to the fiat economy, and  2. more stable prices, showing that the instability is more a function of the interplay with fiat at this time.
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:37:02
That's fascinating stuff, but all actions by humans are taken in self interest.  I am not sure that a line between mere self interest and greed can be drawn for any or all circumstances.  No one has of yet defined what constitutes greed.
As much as can be gleaned from parsing through social media...I'm not sure a sentiment analyst would know or could know which variables or signals to look for (even if we had defined greed for the purposes of heeding the advice), and if those particulars hold true for an aggregate, or if each individual must be matched with certain unique signals that mean "greed".
@_date: 2013-06-17 03:15:44
Absolutely, I can see how something like this would be crucial in, say, cottage industry, to enable a larger array of products to come out of what are essentially non-specific factories.
Best of luck in your work.
@_date: 2013-06-30 04:49:06
Remind me again why anyone believes that involuntary governance is a legitimate or beneficial social institution?
In the mean time, I hope that Snowden and his family members discover or are introduced to bitmessage and bitcoin.
If I were this guy...I'd use this time as a good excuse for an extended backpacking trip.  Wouldnt be the most desperate or ineffective thing ever done.
@_date: 2013-04-23 04:47:02
It would need to have mafia-style protocols for entry and standing in the party:
You must be introduced to the circle of trust by a made-man. . . who will be (at least in part) financially responsible for your actions, until you are a made man.  He will also reap a portion of your profits until that time.
: p
@_date: 2013-08-07 03:28:16
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-05-31 07:33:00
Hey, thank you!
@_date: 2013-08-30 02:23:11
Thanks for the response!   Best of luck on that,  and either way,  I'll  definitely  be getting  my giftcards from you with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:54:11
Governments are ultimately only as powerful as the support (moral license; material support) that the society gives to them.
Bitcoin provides a revolutionary new way to provide society with a currency which is not/does not need to be backed by violence or the threat of violence.  It is peace, in itself, in its own sphere of influence.  The logical conclusion of bitcoin use and other counter-economic products and services is to build better institutions within the decaying shell of the old framework, so that people can peacefully and gradually evolve to better systems, without having to violently overthrow the former.  It is the opposite of political revolution; it is a-political evolution.
That doesn't mean that governments, in their death throes won't get more violent with people, but that behavior can only last so long as people see the merits of bitcoin, and other evolved systems, and see the state fighting against it; exposing the state to all for what it is.  The support base for the state quickly crumbles away once it takes its gloves off fully.  For now, most people are fooled by the relative decorum with which the state typically goes about its business. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 07:25:47
Heresy!  Price is increasing lately. . . .surely you are driven to horde and not spend?
Thanks much, anyway.
@_date: 2013-05-16 03:19:20
Ignoring legislation... Not law.  One protects people, the other protects the government and the politically connected.
@_date: 2013-07-03 02:57:18
truth is treason.
folks here can downvote you all they want. . . but so long as they are using bitcoin they are engaging in agorism . . .whether they like it or not.
@_date: 2013-03-10 17:37:35
You're probably right... I'll be happy to take your coins off your hands, since they are doomed to fail and the price collapse.
@_date: 2013-07-14 23:03:03
You're right.  There's so many other things the government does that they pay for with inflation:
create asset bubbles and business cycles
create dependency on welfare programs, and on the institution of government in general
hunt down people and ruin their lives for possessing plants and other substances
Subsidize corporate malfeasance
Pour billions into other countries such as Israel, so that they can wage war
Spy on us in every conceivable way
Hurt and kidnap people for owning defensive weapons or using them defensively
Subsidize and ensconce an already heavily fascist medical/insurance system
Harass and kidnap people for not paying them protection money
Just to name a few general areas.
By using bitcoin, you are engaged in practical anarchy. . . much more than most of the people on and you are certainly denying the U.S. government of its inflationary "cut" of your U.S. Dollars.  You would be philosophically in contradiction to agree to anything the u.s. funds, in part or in whole, by way of allowing/prompting the federal reserve to inflate the money supply.  The money supply that all us Americans (not to mention many foreign interests) are forced to use. . . . until bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-03 21:05:07
More power to you for doing what you want with your money.  I wouldn't cash out right now, but I would never want anyone to force you to do something you don't want with all or part of your money.  I hope that you are paying for an education, and not just schooling.
Take some time to learn about how infinitely better off people would be if we let them decide what to do with their money.
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:47:46
No, don't tell him that!  If he tried to start his own business or exchange, then he might come to realize that the difficulty in buying (or selling) bitcoin comes from the clumsiness of the fiat and banking system, as well as the additional burdens and difficulties put in place by the regulatory environment.
It might become all too obvious how incredibly useful bitcoin is.
@_date: 2013-06-13 22:01:27
Intentions do not matter.  Actions and effects do. 
Governments destroy value even at their best behavior.  At their mid-level behavior, they regulate away competition and stagnate whole sectors of an economy (i.e. bitcoin exchanges), at their worst they place draconian sanctions on countries and starve out innocent populations, while only further radicalizing the targeted government's views of the source of the sanctions, and hardly detracting them from their goals (i.e. stopping iran from developing nuclear weapons).
If you wan't to justify everything around you with "That's not so bad, is it?", then you have fun on your own little road to hell, paved with good intentions.  Honey badger doesn't give a shit.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:54:16
Hypothesis aren't always supported or able to be supported by empirical data.  Some knowledge must be gained through deductive reasoning, especially when the factors within the system being studied are too many and too complexly inter-related (i.e markets and  the human mind) to be able to control for variables.  Not everything can be studied in the same way that that physics or chemistry is; or at least not in purely empirical ways.  
The results of the central bank's and U.S. government's policies over the last decade, leading up to the 2008 crash should be empirical evidence enough that highly regulated banking and financial sectors protect only those at the top, and that market forces being absent is what allowed the malfeasance to occur on such a wide scale. 
But, if that doesn't suit you (as the mainstream economists also have their conflicting interpretations of this empirical evidence), then I will link you to a [book]( that, if you have the stomach to read and understand it, will support mughat's hypothesis perfectly, using logic and deductive means of obtaining knowledge.
@_date: 2013-04-25 17:44:41
This is absolutely the most important thing going on in the bitcoin world right now. . . and something I've been trying to bring to the forefront.
These regulations (as well as the indirect effects and difficulties surrounding getting fiat currencies into bitcoin), and very insidious in that most people, even in the bitcoin community, do not see them for what they are. . . hardly realize that they are there; and then revert back to the tendency of blaming the "free market" for the consequences of fiat regulation, and even celebrating these regulations so that "institutional investors" will feel safe and comfortable investing in bitcoin.
Take a hard look at this:  there is no "market failure" going on here.  There is only the government using force to stifle free exchange and destroying value, as it always does.  Nearly all problems and volatility in the bitcoin economy stem from fiat and fiat systems . . . basically the relative difficulty of ensuring security is the only major inherent problem with bitcoin that I see, that has nothing to do with direct or indirect effects of the actions of the state.
Moving forward, it is important to cultivate a robust job market in BTC, so that we can bypass having to use worthless fiat in the first place, and earn our bitcoins, rather than buying them.  This will allow us and new entrants into the market to obtain bitcoins (outside of the regulatory structure for now), but it will also be the single largest step in smoothing out the volatility, as people will cease pricing bitcoins in dollars, but will rather see bitcoins as their native currency and price everything else in bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-08-10 22:10:34
Also important to note the network effect which gives inertia to the most widely used currency...even a revolutionary new currency would have to fight an uphill battle against bitcoin (as bitcoin is having to do against fiat), to gain acceptance and slowly but surely (and exponentialy) be the most useful money; due to being the largest network.
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:40:28
Greed isn't an emotion, like "fearful" or "confident".  Greed is more of an accusation that seems apt only from an observing individual's point of view.
@_date: 2013-08-07 01:20:17
Nobody should fault you for wanting protections against fraud and theft; but I would think you might consider the degree to which trusted businesses who you purchase things from in the fiat world are not much more likely to deal honestly with you because of some ever present threat of a CFTC-like regulator reigning down hell-fire on them at any cry against them by consumers; nor even because of the threat of legal recourse (though having an arbitration or legal recourse is extremely important).  No, you generally have honest transactions, and trust these businesses primarily because of their own self-interest in maintaining a good image and being competitively customer-centric. . . otherwise they simply go out of business.  Very few consumer or B2B disputes ever even go near a court of law.  In fact many large companies already prefer and use private arbitration as part of their contracts, for the rare occasions when negotiation fails.
If there's not enough market competition in the bitcoin world to foster the discipline of repeat business amongst bitcoin ventures and customers; that is most likely a function of time for that to develop; coupled with the damage that government regulators have already done to stifle the development of the market.  Do you think that any U.S. startup exchange will ever be able to get going without having massive venture capital, and be able to comply with AML and KYC, plus for each of the 50 states they wish to operate in?  What do you imagine that this has done the the health and diversity of the market for exchange services.  Not to mention the fact that almost everyone is hesitant to deal with bitcoin in the first place, because of the violently enforced monopoly which the government has upon the issuance of currency; and the tax-collecting thugs who will not hesitate to ruin your life should you fail to comply with their undecipherable tax code to the 'T'.  At the very least, this creates a very artificial demand for fiat (the U.S. dollar in our case), over and above superior currencies like the bitcoin.  We must all cash out into fiat, at the very least, to pay the tax man.  In other words; the game was rigged against alternative currencies, including bitcoin, to start with; regulators of our wise fascist financial sector didn't need to do anything for there to already be a suppression of market-regulating forces within the burgeoning bitcoin economy.  There's a reason that Satoshi stayed anonymous the way he/she/they did . . . Satoshi was smart enough to understand that any competing currency would automatically be in a legal grey-area to start with; as plenty of other would-be providers have already paid the price of jail time in the past for not understanding.  Grey and black markets suffer from lack of legal recourse, higher prices, and lower quality;  this is the same for alcohol, drugs, healthcare, and money and financial services.  It is the immutable laws of economics at work, which don't care what type of good or service is in question.  What do you expect the grey (and quickly becoming black) bitcoin economy to look like?
One can't downplay the distorting effects that this massive and ever-present threat of violence has upon an economy, and a network of people and their decisions within a market.
Certainly law, contracts, and law enforcement (whether from government monopoly or market-based sources) do need to catch up with the pseudonymous and virtual nature of bitcoin, which currently makes it difficult to prosecute crimes.  However, many BTC schemes are fraudulent and get away with it; not because government has been too lax, but because it has monopolized the provision of law, courts, and regulation of money and financial instruments.  There is no market failure here; it's simply a matter of people ignorantly calling for secondary and tertiary regulations; because they ignore or are ignorant of the primary regulations which created the problems or the grey/black market in the first place.
No, free markets don't guarantee safety against fraud and theft. . . but then neither do the insanely-well regulated financial markets of the U.S.; in fact the stifling of natural market forces attenuates or destroys the discipline of natural market competition itself; which is (or would be) the primary regulator, and the first line of defense against the unscrupulous.  But you're seeing market failure where there is only state meddling; and you're taking an unrealistically biased view of how well government-regulated financial markets work, and how safe they are.  You are comparing the worst of what the BTC economy is, to a utopian version of government-controlled bliss in your mind.
Finally, you're not the only one who doesn't want to have to do massive due-diligence before doing even low-value transactions in the bitcoin economy.  I think it's safe to say that nearly everyone demands that extra safety or certification of good business practices or safe products; and the fact that we all demand that, and *most* *people* ask government to do it in the first place (along with the high costs we bear for it in the form of taxations direct and indirect) is the very reason why one would expect a market completely free of government interference to produce firms which offer explicit regulatory services (above and beyond the discipline of a healthy market competition); and who must compete to be the most competent and trustworthy regulator, in order for people to trust the goods and services which get their seal of approval stamped on it.  Like all other products and services; free markets will produce higher quality and lower prices in regulatory services than will government monopolies.   But best of all; compliance will be voluntary, leaving open the option for those who wish to go all 'wild west', which creates 'creative risk' zones in which better ways to do things are developed heuristically; allowing the regulators to be more innovative instead of stagnating like governments do.
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:15:26
I'm with you on the insurance thing. . . I think it is one of the most important services which the market needs in order to move forward and increase civility.
I have tried to discuss it before, with other bitcoiners and usually the idea (for say, voluntary, private, deposit insurance) gets dismissed out of hand.  Many people seem to believe that only a government could possibly insure savings and deposits.
No one has yet given me any logic or reasoning for their nay-saying.  
One of the benefits of bitcoin being a deflationary currency, is that it incentivizes saving and the acquisition of capital (in stark contrast to the erosion of capital and savings endemic to the fiat systems of modern nation states).  There are also a good number of very well-endowed "early adopters" of bitcoin, who now have large stores of wealth and capital at their disposal.
I don't see it as impractical or unlikely that some of these people will have some experience in, and/or have the resources to hire those with experience in the actuarial profession, and start projects which will quickly improve over time due to free competition and no stifling state-mandated regulations.
Deposit insurance would not only give bitcoin users a great deal more confidence in the system. . . it will also create a healthy market for security and privacy regulations on the exchanges and other 3rd party wallet services.  It will improve the security practices of businesses, and give consumers more choices (along the spectrum of costs&lt;--&gt;security).
Along the same lines; arbitration and escrow services can and probably would develop in concert with insurance services.
@_date: 2013-12-28 04:10:55
China and India are not out of the game.  They've been presented significant hurdles which will slow adoption in the short run, but eventually people will just obtain bitcoins (or another cryptocurrency) primarily through labor and sales of goods, instead of through fiat.  It will be even harder to regulate this away.
@_date: 2013-11-08 22:33:09
I don't think you understood what I was getting at.  Let me rephrase:
How can you target employment, or affect the "velocity of money between sectors", if you have no control over the supply of the currency?  Or are you saying that, absent a central monetary/fiscal authority and fiat regime, that economic cycles are not a concern, and thus bitcoin (+other crypto or market-based currencies) would work just fine?


Again, I'm curious as to what you think bitcoin has in common with fiat currencies (by almost any definition of the word 'fiat').
I also have to take issue with the charge that: "it's not backed by anything" thus it is like fiat.  Depends, I suppose, on what you mean by "backed", but it's hard to fathom why people are still confused about the monetary value, non-monetary/use-value, and aesthetic value which bitcoin holds for many people.  You wouldn't say that gold is not "backed".  Gold has value outside of its use as money; but not much.  The same is true for bitcoin.
So, bitcoin may be interesting to MMT theorists. . . but I fail to see how the widespread use of bitcoin would not conflict with the stated monetary goals of the MMT philosophy, which they claim are necessary for the healthy functioning of an economy.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:11:12


correction*, a money shortage after an unsustainable, central-bank-created -boom-which-distorted-the-capital-structure-and-misallocated-resources-and-labor can easily lead to labor sitting idle.  
Of course, that labor is not going to sit idle long if government and central banks would quit propping up the same lines of production as they have done during this recession and during the great depression, which prolonged both.  It is not just inflation itself which creates the malinvestments in the structure of production;  it is the manipulation of the interest rate (see Austrian Business Cycle Theory for details on how that occurs. . . unless you want me to make this post even longer. . . which I'm happy to do).


Indeed, look at them.  More crisis in what will be a longer string of fiat crises to come, caused by central planning and central banking.  Keep in the mind that the argument for hard currencies, free markets, and for bitcoin, is not just an argument against central banking but ultimately against central planning.  Could Greece kick the can down the road longer if they were in charge of the issuance of their own currency. . . sure; but only towards an even more painful correction.  They, also, have not allowed this correction to take place.  For one thing, they probably should dump the Euro, though it is understandable (from the perspective of their leaders) why that is not happening.  Their problem was primarily a debt problem, and no real austerity has yet even taken place, let alone adoption of a hard currency.  Nothing that has happened or will happen to the PIIGS can even be remotely attributed to free-market forces, or to deflation (at least not as the root cause, but more of a symptom. . . not to mention that the good kind of deflation is a slow steady appreciation of value in a hard currency; not the sudden failure of central powers).  Don't conflate volatility for slow steady deflation.  Bitcoin certainly is experiencing volatility, and that is not a great thing. . . but has nothing to do with the supply of bitcoins, nor with the general increase in their purchasing power.  By the way; it is important to note that and Austrian defines inflation and deflation by the supply of money in circulation; not the general price level, but for convenience, I am mostly using the mainstream definitions of inflation and deflation.


What times of gold and silver standards are you referring to?  Those who study economics tend to make only a superficial examination of these histories and neglect to look at causation for prior bank panics; assuming that lack of central back (although panics also occurred under these first and second banks of the United States).  Look closer;  lack of central banks (or even periods of what were called "free banking") were not free of government intrusion, nor of other inflation creating banking institutions, run by the states or propped up by such.  What did certainly take place (roughly 1870's to 1890's I believe) was a period of slow steady deflation of the value of the currency, and concurrently a period of economic growth, not seen before, or again, in the history of the world.  Canada also operated under a gold standard for a time, and did not experience the same cycle of bank panics that the U.S. did. . . this at the very least underscores the need to more closely examine the real causes of economic volatility during these eras.
To think that people would sit idle and let otherwise valuable labor and factors of production do nothing, without having good reason to do so, is ridiculous on its face.  Again, resources sit idle only if their production (or their training in the case of labor) had been artificially stimulated into existence. . . now what could do that. . . hmmm?  This can only happen economy wide (versus the odd mis-judgement or poor planning by a few entrepreneurs or particular firms) by some distorted signals. . . in this case, the manipulation of the interest rate(s), which are the most important price signals in an entire economy.  It is absolute hubris to think that central planners (no matter how smart and well meaning and technocratic) could possibly know better how to allocate resources in the economy, than the thousands and millions of entrepreneurs who's livelihoods are on the line for bad decisions and who have local and intimate knowledge of their available factors and requirements.  Not to mention that modern monetary theory and economics in the mainstream doesn't even attempt to look at individual factors; it tries to aggregate and look at the macro and derive some kind of "good" or "bad" for the economy as if it were some self-conscious entity, in need of protection, above and beyond the needs of the individuals which make up the economy.
It is also not clear, [empirically speaking]( that the bank panics of the 19th century were worse than the recessions and depressions of the 20th (under the Fed).  The worst depression, of course, and the current, are both happening under a monetary scheme far closer to the keynesian ideal than anything that exists or will exist in a bitcoin, and competing currency environment.


Yes, steal gold; a hard money.  Something valued for particular utility and uses, above and beyond its use as money.  They didn't need, nor use that gold in order to employ idle labor; the warlords of old used it to enrich themselves and fill their coffers (and certainly to pay off the loyalty of their subjects in various ways); but resources were not idle due to some lack of monetary units.  This argument fails on its face even according to most Keynesian and MMT advocates, who will be the first to tell you that the rules of the game you're talking about only apply to fiat currencies, or non-fixed exchange rates.


As I've shown, it is sillyness to even think that people need incentives above and beyond their demand/desire to have things, in order to keep themselves employed.  Look at it this way; what is the difficult problem that we've been trying to overcome in meatspace in all the history of mankind?  Is it getting people to want things?  Or is it getting those things that people want, produced?  Of course, the latter.  Which is why any and all arguments regarding stimulating demand are retarded on their face; WE MUST FIRST PRODUCE THINGS IN ORDER TO CONSUME THEM.  You can argue that stimulating consumption (as is possible with a fiat currency), can drive production. . . . . of course it can; but that is only looking at an economy as a circular flow.  It is much more complex than that;  there is the Z-axis, or time.  Time is everything in understanding the difference between the austrian and mainstream theories.  You cannot stimulate wealth into existence, beyond what people have the capacity to produce.  The capacity to produce comes only through deferred consumption and savings, such that capital can be  created and then employed.  A slowly deflating currency (not a volatile one) incentivizes savings; and makes investments of only the most prudent and worthy of societies scare resources, profitable.  This builds real wealth and a lengthened structure of production, employing ever more divisions of labor.  The state of labor being underemployed is not one pre-existing or inherent to human society without a benevolent modern central bank and government fiscal authority; it is a symptom of the disease of those very things.


Well, at least you admit it.  Most keynesians here in pretend to have a reason to be invested in this very free economy.  I hope you'll stay for the party. . . . but as I've [noted]( elsewhere. . . I can't imagine why you would touch bitcoin with a 10-foot-pole if you hold to your economic ideas.
@_date: 2013-09-14 20:35:36
Awesome article.  One of the most exciting uses I see for distributed, cryptographically-signed systems (or DACs, as the author calls them), is to greatly improve the speed and efficiency of property systems and property law.
Imagine; almost any and all property could could be registered, and with completely provable ownership, in a bitcoin-like DAC.  A house and lot, for example; instead of the ownership being registered with an expensive title-agency and/or government, can be documented, say, as a UTM coordinate, plus a CAD of the property and structure; a hash of this info then, and the creation of a public key.
A system like this also makes it easy and cheap for even smaller/lesser-value items to be "titled" to an owner.  Thus easing the burden on courts and law systems to determine ownership.
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:56:32
Bitfloor does not always have the higher exchange rate.  It is a more volatile market than mtgox.
@_date: 2013-10-01 06:42:09
It's just you.  is up.
Check another country?
@_date: 2013-11-02 21:10:21
WTF did I just watch?
Scary music.  I'm scared.  I don't know what I'm scared of.
@_date: 2013-08-05 01:15:55
The gubmint is protecting you from fraud.  Move along. . .nothing to see here.  
Also, I can't talk about this in ; all mention of political or a-political values surrounding the use of, or inherent in the use of bitcoins, has been deemed offensive to new users and those interested in getting in to bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:55:26
Um. . . the market mechanism that he is looking for is actually there already:  it is the exchange price (or purchasing power) of the coin.  Now, of course speculation on future value of the coin is likely driving hash rates higher than "necessary" for security right now.  So, the marginal utility of each additional unit of hashing power is a function of the market right now; but also of a futures market.
What is arbitrary in the protocol is the difficulty level (not that I necessarily have a better way than Satoshi with which to control the creation of bitcoins), and block size.  But the fact is that the arbitrariness of the total hashing power, is more a function of difficulty of solving the block (trying to produce a steady block creation rate; rather than responding to the needs of transaction volumes).  Relying more on difficulty and block reward halving to control the creation rate, is really what has allowed the arms race in mining to become such a big thing and to centralize.  I realize that simply eliminating this feature would not work (and again, I don't claim to have the solution), but in a perfect crypto-currency, the transaction fees would be the primary driver of hash-rate and thus block creation and block size (that way more transaction volume is facilitated more directly by the incentive to process with more power and more participants in the mining sector).
EDIT:  Nevertheless, a great article and a fresh perspective and topic of discussion.  I do also agree strongly with the author that the hash rate right now probably represents an over production of security, and largely unnecessary cost. . .and that there are much more pressing issues which some of those excess resources could be put to use.  Bitcoin is far from perfect; but the momentum it has and the network effect that has accrued probably makes it worthwhile to enact changes in the protocol (as difficult as that will be), or even fork the chain; rather than trying for a new alt-coin from scratch.
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:08:16
. . .and the 1-2 that are bearish probably know that they are wrong, and why they are wrong. . .but can't bring themselves to recant, because they've been so vocal.
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:45:52
If it's not beneficial, then why would people do it?
@_date: 2013-06-04 22:48:25
I'm one of the libertarian circle-jerkers but I agree with you whole-heartedly on this one.  When I talk with others who have not heard of bitcoin yet, I make it all about the technology.  
That said; the freedom&lt;=&gt;technology thing is kind of a virtuos cycle.  The one creates a better and better environment for the other.
@_date: 2013-05-09 18:32:34
Whoops.  . .I meant 5 mBTC !   I ain't rolling in it like that.
+tip pr9ma 5 mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:18:44
I've personally never been so inconvenienced by duplicate posts, blogspam, or post at every price benchmark, that I felt the need to make a post about it.
To each his own first-world problem, I guess.
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:50:27
This is what I keep telling people as well:  there is a pretty clear pattern developing of the spikes getting closer together (more frequent) but slowing in amplitude from the mean (if viewed on a logarithmic scale).  I am putting money on a correction/normalisation (forgive me if I use an offending term here) to somewhere between 300 and 400, and an even more rapid climb up to beyond today's highs of 1000+.  These spikes will begin to merge together, and the troughs get less and less.
This will signal to merchants the possibility of denominating prices in bitcoin, instead of floated against local fiat exchange prices.  This will produce a feedback mechanism, or a virtuous cycle of further stabilising the btc price on the exchanges.
Not one single person who has bought bitcoin (no matter at what price), has needed to lose any purchasing power, if they simply held for 7 or 8 months.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:23:57
Shouldn't we have like a bitcoin basketball team then?  
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:19:23
There are other factors in an economy which can cause a widespread increase or reduction in the general price level (such as mass unemployment or even just changes in culture). . . . yet economists (properly) do not call these inflation or deflation.  
Inflation is not tied to the supply of money. . . .it IS the increase in the supply of money.  Which increase tends to affect the general price level upwards.
When looking at inflation as the deleterious phenomenon that it is, it makes no sense to define it as simply increases in the general price level;  for if an increase in prices were truly general and uniform in the scale and timeline of their rising, then the effects of it would be neutral (i.e. not benefiting or hurting some more than others).  
With inflation as I have defined it; it is in fact a phenomenon to be avoided; because the increase in the money supply happens through channels which let the rich, and the powerful, and the politically connected, see the infusion of this new money first. . . and they benefit from having it before the price levels have risen generally.  By the time this new money "trickles" down to everybody else, the rise in prices has already occurred or begun to occur.  Thus the rest do not benefit any from increased flows of money. . . .it is at best neutral from an earnings standpoint, but it is certainly negative to them from a savings standpoint, as the purchasing power of their store of wealth has been diminished.
@_date: 2013-08-01 07:03:44
if you're not sure which camp you're in, or you feel like you'd rather not decide or self-label;  consider this thoroughly:
Do you believe that order begets freedom, or that freedom begets order?
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:23:04
I respect your right to do with your bitcoin what you want.  In fact, that's one of the many reasons why I'm holding on to mine (the inability for others to control what is mine).  Not fear (perhaps lack of prowess in day-trading), but rather in understanding of the many valuable (mostly long-term) aspects of the protocol and the network.  An understanding which let's me look at that same 2 year chart and see something completely different. 
As someone else here so eloquently put it:  When it is time to cash out, you won't need to.
Anyhow, it was a kind of a dick comment, and truth-be-told, I did use Digg for quite a while, and think it was a fine fine service.  I may have gotten reddit comment karma for that cheap-shot, but real karma may find me from a different angle.  Peace!
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:13:16
travel?  You're thinking small.  This country could host all the bitcoin exchanges and miners, alienated from the land of the free and the home of the brave due to the expense of complying with FinCen regs.
This little country could position itself to be an island of freedom in a sea of centralized authoritarian turmoil.
I'd move there. . . if just to bask in the warm glow of servers and ASICS  hosting free flowing information and hashing monetary liberation.
: p
All tongue-in-cheekness aside. . . .It would do the world enormous good for the world if this were to happen.  I could see Luxembourg as a strong candidate to experiment with this if they weren't trapped in the EU treaty.  The stability that such an experiment would bring to the currency might even mean that they would not need to tie the prices of things to something stable. . bitcoin would have been adopted as a held and used currency and (though it may still fluctuate highly), being paid in BTC means that you would not necessarily look to the outside for reference prices on everyday purchases.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:20:52
What is twitter?
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:06:36
I can dig it.
@_date: 2013-08-15 05:14:29
The "life-partner purple" background underscores the Bitcoin community's progressive outlook, and the racing stripe down the right side, symbolizes that we like our money transfers like we like our interwebz:  fast and cheap.  The 21 stars are all just thrown on there for spangly effect.
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:55:33
This argument of deflationary spirals has been so thoroughly debunked [over]( and [over]( and [over]( and [over]( and [over]( and [over]( and [over](
Keynesianism is dead.  Throw away your college textbooks.  Those guys were always clueless about correct economic theory, and they are about to be shown clueless empirically.    It's done.  game over.  The king's high priests of economics lose.  They are wrong.  Bitcoin is proving that; history has proven that. . . more importantly, correct theory and logic show the deflation myth to be necessarily false.
Say's law has not been refuted.  All ability to spend ("effective demand") stems from only what has first been produced.  Markets equilibrate.   No monetary or fiscal trickery can make people produce more of what they want and need, than people will already prompt themselves to do; and the problem of centralizing economic calculation and planning can only further disrupt this pattern.  Learn what these phrases mean.  There are no if's, and's, but's, or ways around this.
Volatility (in either direction) and sudden shifts are what's certainly bad for money and an economy.  No one is saying that a large modern economy is going to function smoothly on one currency (like bitcoin) whose purchasing power swings wildly and races upward.  But whether or not bitcoin can gain stability is beside the point here completely.  Slowly deflating currency is just fine.  There is nothing about a free market economy (a complex emergent order) which requires stimulus spending in order to save it from itself; monetary incentive to spend on only what you really need, and the ability to save up value is what builds real, sustainable economies.  Get ready for it. . . it's coming whether you like it or not.
If you liked any of the light reading I linked to; prepare to have your state-schooled world rocked: read some Rothbard (particularly "America's Great Depression", and "A History of Money and Banking. . "), Mises, Hayek, Bastiat, Say, anybody but the mainstream!  
The mainstream schools of thought have no incentive to teach anything but that which promotes state control of monetary and fiscal policy, and increases in their power.  That's all they know; that's where all the institutional power and money for economic studies and application has centered around over the past 100+ years. . . .government.
See, I've read the Fisher, and the Samuelson, and the Keynes, and the Krugman; and thoroughly seen through the error in their very premise; and refuted arguments based on their theories, over and over and over.  With bitcoin, it's everybody elses turn now, to do their homework, to read and understand the Austrian and free market perspectives; the burden of proof is on you.
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:52:49
I said it a different way :p 
Sometimes, no matter how many ways, or how clearly you explain a position to people, they still deny it.
If there were rational counter-arguments to this basic position, then they would be circulating widely, and being focused on by the thousands of software developers in the crypto space, and in competing alt-coins.  'Cause if there were something massively wrong, and you could design a better crypto-currency around the idea, you could make a boat-load of money, not to mention the intellectual satisfaction of engineering something so useful and influential. But they're not; they're at best making minor tweaks.
@_date: 2013-01-16 19:02:02
The perfect complement to a low-cost bitcoin electronics vendor who can compete with NewEgg. . . the cherry on top. . . would be if they also create the best consumer feedback and rating/review system in the business.
NewEgg has made it's name really by offering the best product information and best/most reviews on each product.
The way for bitcoinstore to do it even better is to use bitcoin (in much the same way that here on reddit for bitcoin-tips uses it), to incentivize good and accurate comments.
More people will be willing to leave meaningful and timely reviews if they stand to earn a little bit-O-coin for their efforts, and the most helpful comments will receive the most coin.
It's true that many people (such as myself) go to sites like NewEgg primarily to see product info and reviews. . . and then go buy what I was looking for on TigerDirect;  but nevertheless, NewEgg gets a lot of my business just by being the most informative (and of course their RMA process and customer service).  For the time being, though; bitcoinstore isn't going to have a lot of bitcoin-denominated competition.  It could really succeed, by not only being one of the cheapest, but by providing the customer with the best info and reviews.  There's no reason that it can't be TigerDirect and NewEgg, all-in-one (but with a better currency!)
@_date: 2013-08-05 01:25:32
I love how a lot of articles lately keep making sure to slip this little quote in:  
The systems security is fragile, however, and the economic model behind bitcoin is, well, crazy stupid.  - Nicholas Weaver, senior staff researcher at the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley
I'd be happy to make a wager with Mr. Weaver regarding the longevity of Bitcoin, despite its "fragility" and "crazy stupid" economic model; and I'm not a betting man.
@_date: 2013-05-30 22:42:26
Fair enough point, if they are just in and out to make a quick buck.
@_date: 2013-11-06 16:08:38
@_date: 2013-06-06 08:17:48
best. reference. ever.
+5 mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:16:14
I'm not sure I agree that they are just allowing dollars to flow into bitcoin. . .certainly they haven't been as draconian as they could be, but you'll notice that domestic exchanges are few and far between and not the biggest.  There is little competition, and virtually no startups right now.  They (or the banks) have already shut down or closed accounts on many domestic exchanges, and they have already made it very difficult to get dollars into exchanges.
Between the FinCen requirements, the bank persecution, and just the nebulous threat of taxes (which nobody really knows how to pay on bitcoin); make no mistake that the market has already been distorted by government.  ~~The economy of bitcoin users have not been able to develop deposit insurances, arbitration/justice services~~, and other high-level developments, because the government already monopolizes on those areas, and has bled the economy of the resources to do so. . . especially when it is already being provided (albeit not in a form that protects bitcoin contracts very well) by the state.  Try to start up an exchange in the U.S. and then tell us how "easy" the government is being on bitcoin.
Bitcoin has very robust features to protect users against outside meddling, but it is not perfect, and is not a truly free market in that sense.
EDIT:  nobody knows whether deposit insurance and traditional arbitration are the methods by which an unhampered bitcoin economy would deal with the problems associated with contracts, theft, and security, and ultimate ease of use for the average person. . . it is my assumption that absent the state interventions I spoke of, these services (provided in a competing, market-fashion) would be much further along in development.  But again, it is possible that certain technologies could render these kinds of services obsolete.  That's why you don't mess with markets.  You let people figure out how to best address problems.
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:01:10
right. . . .but to profit from the lower price on mt. gox versus bitfloor, you need to get cash into gox and btc into bitfloor.  Not the other way around.  Cash into gox is difficult and expensive and time consuming. 
@_date: 2013-07-07 04:28:38
When it becomes a currency. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 18:06:02
", it now looks as if the revolution has been monetised."
Uhh, wat?  When was this monetary revolution not monetized?
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:39:54
There is no guarantee in life (nor any individual or entity) which can guarantee fairness, equality, or full restitution in all cases and all times.  It's part of the facts of life and reality of the universe around us.
All we can do is approximate fairness, and do our best to achieve the ideal of full justice.  How does one make restitution for murder?  There is no way; but that does not mean that reasonable sentencing cannot be had to attempt to repay victims; it also underscores the necessity of rebuilding society around contractual relationships, wherein law and punishment for crimes are agreed to before-hand, as a prerequisite to interacting within a community or society.  Thereby, an arbitrary, but agreed upon recourse can be fairly enacted for cases where losses are sustained which cannot be replaced (such as human lives, or precious/sentimental items).
@_date: 2013-04-30 05:39:06
You definitely can't trust The Young Turks to put together a well-researched and informative piece.
I suggest sending them [here]( first.
@_date: 2013-05-01 22:07:31
Max Keiser seems to be losing sight of the inner-workings of markets.
A peg could never be enforced and would be a worthless, cumbersome piece of information for buyers and sellers.  Now, I could see him suggesting that an organization (or multiple organizations) step up to provide services which make it easy to report fiat prices paid in p2p or other exchange-less transactions.
But what really needs to (and I believe will) happen, is that market participants find ways to provide products and services to each other in exchange for bitcoin. . . and/or even convince their current employers to pay a portion of their salary in bitcoin (though I have my [doubts]( about how likely that is to ever become a common thing).
The economy which would develop around this type of entrepreneurial necessity would be a stronger economy, more robust, and less prone to interference by governments than our current pseudo-bitcoin-economy.  A bitcoin's price would begin to reflect a much more stable, economy-wide, valuation of the goods and services available. . . instead of just the latest in-rush of fiat over media hype.
@_date: 2013-08-30 18:22:55
Well, of course, the roads must be provided by a large and powerful central state, financed by a central bank. . . . but everything else, I mean  (;
@_date: 2013-10-04 22:38:00
You're missing the point.  I am not simply suggesting that the added cerebral power necessary to calculate how many dollars are actually being spent, when I buy something in BTC, is a hurdle.  Nor do I think this whole topic is a hurdle at all for "bitcoin"; as I said, it is merely a symptom of the state that bitcoin is currently in on its road to adoption.
My comment is primarily about the issue of economic calculation by the bitcoin holder (highest preference vs. opportunity cost).  Arguably the most important function that a money serves, is as a unit of account.  A fungible, divisible, and homogenous unit of account.  Bitcoin is not serving as your unit of account when making economic calculations, if your hard labor is rewarded with dollars, and then you exchange those dollars for bitcoin.  The bitcoin only means to you (you only value it) as much as you value the number of dollars you had to expend to get that bitcoin.  Thus, the price of bitcoin tends to fluctuate according to a more arbitrary valuation of how many mBTC should be had for a dollar; rather than, what each bitcoin means to you in terms of your labor and your willingness to put in that labor for a few coins.
When I buy the hamburger with bitcoins, I don't really care what the dollar/BTC exchange rate *currently* is, because that restaurant is going to float that bitcoin price according to the exchange rate;  nor could we expect vendors to fix their prices in bitcoin until the volatility decreases much further, and the way towards price stability is for bitcoin to be held more widely as a unit of account;  a commodity that people work directly for; thus when you work, say 10 hours, to earn a bitcoin, you are less likely to be sold a paperclip for that bitcoin, or to be able to buy a maserati with that coin after 5 months; because it's value is not arbitrarily fixed to dollars, but to other people's valuation of their own hard work.  You would never work 10 hours for a paperclip, and no one would ever work the time necessary to build you a maserati in exchange for 1BTC, if they too are receiving somewhere in the range of 1 to 10 bitcoins for a day of their labor.  So long as bitcoins are primarily had for dollars, then you very well could buy 1 bitcoin, and then in 5 months, buy a maserati with that bitcoin.  Because that valuation is not as concretely tied to the real labor and resources that you and others expend.
Increased liquidity alone will not bring price stability.
@_date: 2013-08-06 23:59:32
Except that that only explains why bitcoin entrepreneurs and VC's don't fight state regulation or oppose it in their rhetoric;  it does not explain the mindset of those who openly welcome it or call for it.  You don't get mouthy with a cop, for sure, lest they choose to mess with you more than they already are; but it has never helped anyone to bend over and ask for another.
One plausible explanation for this attitude could be it comes from a group of bitcoin entrepreneurs who make up the entrenched interests (e.g. Mt. Gox) who sees that other exchanges are rapidly taking market share in the U.S. (e.g. Bitfloor, CampBX), and knows that these young businesses will have a much harder time complying than they (who already got the chance to establish and stabilize cash-flows before the governments took interest).  I think that we've already seen great harm done to the bitcoin economy due to the FinCen guidelines and the numerous other threats and saber-rattling by homeland security, etc.
You can't centrally regulate the protocol, but a government can do great harm towards prematurely arresting the stable development of the market and slowing or stopping new adopters.  Other governments are more likely to emulate this behavior, rather than see potential in being the cool kids who let it flourish in their jurisdiction.  That would challenge the Fed's hegemony on world reserve currency.  Let's be honest, the U.S. has found less reason than that to bully smaller countries around.
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:51:28
no "www".  That will get you there in the omni-bar of most browsers, but it's actually just "blockchain.info"
@_date: 2013-12-02 07:13:17
See [abe](  Probably the closest thing to what you're talking about.
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:31:27
You don't.  You build bitcoin businesses and infrastructure.  You supply goods and services (for bitcoin) to client-facing businesses who accept bitcoin, and complete the transaction loop from earning BTC to spending BTC, back to earning BTC.  You keep telling those receptive, about bitcoin, and help them understand how to use it and secure it, and how it may protect them from the inevitable collapse of the fiat money system.
Then, when adoption is high, and acceptance is ubiquitous, no sniveling, whining, ignorant ex-critic, who has lost everything in their gamble on monopoly money, can make you feel badly about their position of financial ruin.  And yet, you can still reach into your charitable pockets and save these people from their miserable selves, in an act that they will probably not appreciate, but will enrich you nonetheless.  
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:32:41
It's much easier for governments to steal large quantities.
Case in point:  Silk Road "seizures".
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:52:40


Undesirable for whom?  If you're talking about the money being redistributed, I can only assume you mean due to the deflation, not due to the turmoil of the 'big switch' that we're also discussing.  If that is the case; I again must argue that a slowly deflating currency helps savers, and enables them to not have to chase risky investments, rather than just hold on to an appreciating currency and other hard assets in order to retire.  
A meritocracy; production is rewarded, consumption is not.  Thus more production occurs . . the need for production, which is the real and ever present hurdle in the human condition; not consumption.
Under the current situation, the rich and politically connected get richer, because the new money flows to them first, before that money has a chance to raise the general price level; thus governments love it to decrease the real value of their debts, and the rich get richer, and the poor pay higher prices for everything.  Now, of course it's equally true that inflation helps the poor who are indebted. . .but the situation of the poor being indebted, rather than just income poor, is a direct result of the loose money and credit policies of the current system.  I'm not claiming that transition would not be painful for some;  but you can't compare it to a wrecking ball.  Nothing that is standing on its own will be destroyed. . .only the house of cards, created and sustained by government fiat and force will fall of its own weight.  Bitcoin destroys nothing that wasn't already unsustainable, but creates enormous opportunity for increasing wealth and building a sustainable economy.  I don't think it is necessarily a foregone conclusion (as you said) that the transition will be quick and chaotic.  The bitcoin economy gets built while the fiat economy fails.  No one person has to be left holding the bag. . . many people may have their fingers in both pies, as hedges, and lose a lot, but not all, as the last vestiges of the fiat economy crumble.


The fiat economy, as my comment and the link clearly showed, are not some forces of nature or acts of god. . . they are indeed creations of men, who do and must coerce their fellow men into participation.  Thus the blame or guilt or whatever you want to call it can and does properly belong to those who create and uphold that system.  Bitcoin, on the other hand is purchased voluntarily, and exited voluntarily.  It is important to note that my economic arguments for bitcoin really encompass all competing, voluntary currencies. . . I do not view bitcoin on its own as being superior to all other possible government monetary schemes. . . for the same reason that I don't view FedEx (or any other single private carrier) to be superior (in all ways) to the USPS.  I view the open market for this service (which is still monopolized to some extent by the USPS) as being superior to the postal service.  It is not the condition of being "private" vs. "public" (a distinction which is often without a difference these days) which makes something better;  it is instead the condition of being voluntary and above all, the competitive market processes which creatively destroy and ultimately regulate all goods and services to the benefit of consumers. . including the provision of moneys.  So, I am and have been implicitly arguing for a free marker of currencies and not just for bitcoin (although bitcoin by itself is at this time far superior to the fiat currencies).


It must first be understood that both Hayek and Friedman here are speaking in context of a central bank and fiat regime;  in other words, they are both looking at the problem, in the way you stated of "It should either be reinforced, or the contents transferred before intentional demolition".  In other words, "what we have is not ideal, but given that fact, how do we reinforce it".
I don't entirely disagree with their technical assessments, which are fairly sound given the context. . . however, the world is now done reinforcing that system, and kicking the can down the road.  It is time to do a controlled demolition.  and what better way to do that then allow people to voluntarily buy in to a currency which they find benefits them?  It is also important to understand Hayek's agreeing with Keynes regarding hoarding, by recognizing that their definition of hoarding was separate from the act of investing. . . again, in that context; I find them to be technically correct.  The difference is, a bitcoin-style deflationary economy is not simply incentivizing people to hoard, with no ends in mind for their currency; indeed they hoard because they have very beneficial plans of how to invest or spend their money in the future, and the factor of time must be incorporated into the whole view of a deflationary economy. . . Keynesian theory all but leaves it out and obfuscates this duality within the act of saving.
All that said,  this is why I am more of a Rothbardian/Misesian school Austrian, than a Hayekian Austrian.  So quoting Hayek or Friedman ultimately amounts to an appeal to authority for me.
@_date: 2013-02-02 12:22:35
This is what I love about bitcoin:   I could argue Keynesian and Austrian theory with you all day long, and get nowhere.  And I do that quite frequently in regards to my fiat currency transactions. . .because those who advocate for the Keynesian-like interventions into the fiat economy, are in effect using force against me and stealing from me, and there's little I can do about it.  And so I expend a great deal of time and energy trying to show others the fallacies in such thinking.
With bitcoin, I get to say; "just watch".  Just watch, my friend, and if you are paying attention, you will witness market-based and especially crypto-currencies like bitcoin succeed and destroy the interventionist myths about money.  With bitcoin, there is little that you or I can do about it. . .and that's a good thing.
@_date: 2013-09-04 00:39:31
Then more power to you!
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:35:40
Even if Google (or any tech firm) are apt to demand the warrant, so to speak, you still have a gun to your head.  Any big entity is like a person operating a motor vehicle on public roads; you are always breaking some laws, no matter how hard you may try to keep your nose clean.
A corporation can spend millions on compliance, but if they don't give federal agencies what they want, these extortionists can and will use the minutia of the law to find reasons to persecute the firm and make their life difficult.  That is the true state of things today, and executive powers specifically.  The police state is bigger than just abuse on the street and persecution of activists.  It affects the proper functioning of the market of goods, services, and ideas, in ways that people can never fully calculate.  Wall street sucks, a lot of corporations suck. . . I get it.  But few have the brains to see that their government has either given these people the tools (e.g. tailored regulation) to permanently strangle competition, or affected their behavior (or the behavior of consumers) through extortion tactics, direct threats, and monetary policy.  Why anyone expects Google to act differently than they did, or for anything to function properly in a market ruled over by thieves and murderers is beyond me.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:08:25
Love it.  I'm done comparing my BTC to fiat, instead of its purchasing power.
Of course, this becomes even more meaningful a metric of purchasing power if Jason can pay his suppliers in bitcoin, and so on.....
+$0.50 verify
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:21:00
Great job!  Thank you for organizing.  Let's keep doing these.
@_date: 2013-02-11 00:30:00
It's not going to hit 25 anytime soon because I have sell orders at around 25. . . And the market has an uncanny way of doing exactly the opposite of what I need it to do   : p
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:53:33
Or if coins are being lost at a rate faster than creation (not likely for a while)
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:42:36
Look, in all fairness to him; he did throw a [racoon down a stairwell](  So legendary props where props are due.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:54:35
I agree.  And I don't want to look at it that way. . . it makes more sense to see it as a monthly increase of about %1.6.  As I said though, retrospectively, it will come out to about $140/month.  So the calculation is not 'wrong'.  Just not a great way to conceive of the change that will take place month to month.
@_date: 2013-12-30 01:33:35
So. . . what's the problem?  They all sound like great reasons to me.
@_date: 2013-08-30 01:51:59
Why do you require ID to sell giftcards?  Just curious if that has to do strictly with sending a check as payment, or otherwise what laws or regulations govern that for you and could selling gift cards for bitcoin (anonymously) be a possible option in the future?
@_date: 2013-10-04 18:24:57
The market will absolutely provide deposit or wallet insurance, in some form or another (or possibly just develop technology which can be adopted into the protocol, rendering that unnecessary).
The faster that the institution of government dies, along with its coercive regulations; the faster the market will be freed to provide these desired services efficiently.
A coerced government version of this, would likely lead to the same moral hazards that built the exiting financial sector in the U.S. today, and all the myriad layers of regulations which keep attempting to mitigate the unintended consequences of the last.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:37:02


Indeed, even with a somewhat more controlled experiment, which is this bitcoin economy. . . it will be difficult if not impossible to extrapolate conclusions based on the empirical observations of the market.  There are always too many factors and psychological nuances which distort or overpower the base market forces (as understood from an austrian or a keynesian perspective).
That is in fact the conclusion of austrian methodology;  that economics cannot be an empirical science, like the physical sciences.  (I don't subscribe to the notion that there is a natural hard line between all things either being only empirically discoverable or only deductively reasoned out, but nevertheless, economics definitely falls much more squarely in the realm of deductive reasoning)
I have a feeling that no matter how "successful" bitcoin becomes (since success is subjective), it will neither prove nor falsify anything. . . we will all still perceive it through our particular perspectives.  It is an interesting experiment to me also because it validates the austrian perspective (to me, of course).  
But beyond that, my point is: the fact that the pre-conditions are manifestly (and admittedly by all persuasions) free-market-like. . . without much if any government or monetary authority management; and yet, those opposed to free markets and monetary competition, are finding bitcoin successful, by their own standards. . . or towards their own ends.  
I hold that in contrast to your curiosity, and admirable willingness to observe, but I remain skeptical that empirical observations could sway either one of us anyway;  you because the complexities of economies leave too much wiggle room for outcomes and obfuscate all the forces involved in shaping outcomes. . . and me, because austrian theory is sound a priori, but exact outcomes can't be modeled or predicted because the economic laws theorized only apply ceteris paribus. . . which is to say, the same reason as yours  ( ;
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:55:18


We only know that because it has been used as a store of value for a very long time.  As I think was your point.  So we can't comment one way or another about this in regards to bitcoin, on empirical grounds.  Theoretically, I have seen no good reason to assume otherwise, except that bitcoin as a technology and architecture is perhaps more subject to the rapid changes and evolutions which affect technologies (e.g. only the network effect essentially protects bitcoin from being usurped by the next, superior cryptocurrency) than physical elements such as gold.  I would not bet against markets, though, to find ways of minimizing exposure to constant changes in the money architecture.  Because of the vast benefits of cryptocurrencies over gold (even if longevity is not one of them), gold is now essentially subject to the same obsolescence that cryptocurrencies are, and may begin to diminish in our culture as a long-term store of value.


I've never heard this argument before.  Can you explain why you think so?  It is as easy and cheap to send $.01 in BTC as it is to send $1M.  So it's exchange price seems irrelevant to its value as a cheap, easy way to transport wealth.
@_date: 2013-02-01 02:20:15
Of course it would be worthless without the cryptography. . . . just like gold without its particular atomic/sub-atomic makeup (which makes it one of the most energy-intense elements to create) would be worthless.
@_date: 2013-09-05 01:23:21
Or at least a jet-pack.
@_date: 2013-03-25 02:43:20
@_date: 2013-12-21 02:14:49
"Don't copy that floppy!"
 
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:00:21
Holy God of the internet. . . I need to give you an upvote, just for not being the twenty gazillionth educated fool to spout non-sense about stuff being "nice on paper" but "doesn't work in real life".
Theory and practice are inseparable people!  Marxian theory is not "nice on paper" any more than it works out "in the real world".  It is bunk on paper, and deadly for it in the real world.
I differ with your assessment on the need for regulation (I would say that regulation is always required, but not necessarily the kind that comes from a coercive monopoly; and that the bitcoin economy can and will produce these regulatory mechanisms is government gets out of the way), and I have shown many many times, why the mainstream theories (which you espouse) on the causes of the recent financial collapse, do not adequately explain it (i.e. why they are bad on paper and in practice). . . but nevertheless, that is a discussion for another thread.
You get all the imaginary internet points I can muster for your rare genius regarding economic theory.
@_date: 2013-11-02 08:27:26
Well, you're not going to find much on anything that has been put into practice yet. . .mainly because there hasn't been much actual achievement as of yet. That said, here's a few links you may find interesting on the topic and the peripheral philosophies:
[Chile experiment](
[legal strategies](
[theory of nation design](
[polycentric legal orders](
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:33:42
The state-schooled masses are brainwashed to believe that money is an inherently bad thing.  Perhaps a necessary evil, but nevertheless an evil which must be balanced out by social measures, and centralized controls (whether culturally by society or by government edicts).  They see the "privatizing" and monetizing of so many things in their world today, and mistakenly attribute this with the natural processes of "capitalism" or "markets", unfettered by centralized control.
In other words, they see exchanges of value in money and things as being fundamentally different (more corrupting?), and inferior than non-monetary exchanges of value, such as saying something nice or informative, or offering friendship, or spewing hate.  Distinctions without a difference.  These exchanges of value all are subject to the same rules of economics.  It is merely culture that dictates which one's we find savory in which situations.  A culture that has been heavily influenced by what people are taught in school.
Votes with imaginary internet points which require no sacrifice to give or take = good.  
Voting with a token which required real work or resources to acquire = bad.
Doesn't make it necessarily wrong, but most people don't want money involved in their traditionally non-monetized exchanges of information and value.
I personally like rewarding good comments with tips and think that it weeds out more trolling and incentivizes better, more thoughtful and helpful commentating.  I think that if most people identified what they really want out of comment threads, and learned the effects that economic laws have on scarce resources (the scarcity being their time and interest in how far down the thread they'll read), they would find the idea of monetizing the voting process, quite beneficial.
Not to mention that if they had any idea how valuable a bitcoin is now and how valuable it could be in the future, they might behave a little differently.
@_date: 2013-10-20 14:48:55
Badgers? ... We don't need no stinking badgers.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:57:02
Not that the volatility isn't a problem (or a sypmtom rather of the state of bitcoin's development). . . . 
But I do wonder how else (what other process is there) that people think exists, whereby a commodity is monetized and gotten into the hands of people and institutions which deal to people, so that it can become money (i.e. the most marketable commodity).  How do people think that commodities of the past came to be monies?  Did they just magically appear in everybody's hands in equal quantities, with immediate recognition and quantification of its value?
The only other fundamentally different way I can think of is by state decree. . . good thing bitcoin is not like that.  It is good to let people discover, accept, reject, invest, divest, evaluate, and speculate bitcoin's value in their own ways and in their own time.  
@_date: 2013-05-04 14:11:07
As a currency who's purchasing power increases each day, bitcoin provides incentive to amass and save.  Fiat's purchasing power decreases each day, so it makes sense for the holder to divest of his/her money by spending it as quickly as possible (including spending it on bitcoin).
Unfortunately, people are paid primarily in fiat, so have their supplies replenished constantly.  This, in part creates the environment in which no one needs to start making purchases in their more valuable real money (BTC), and keeps the price of bitcoin volatile (as priced in Fiat who's supply is constantly increased arbitrarily).
Once/if all the fiat is spent out of the economy, we will see a dramatic realignment of markets which more accurately reflects consumer preferences between saving and spending.  As a result of having unmanipulated money rates, and a higher overall rate of savings, much more capital will be accumulated, and in higher orders and stages of productive purpose.  Society as a whole will be far wealthier as a result.
@_date: 2013-02-01 00:11:15
There's nothing wrong with the regression theorem as far as I can see.   Many austrians simply don't apply their criteria for money correctly to bitcoin, because they don't understand the cryptography.  
Namely, they don't understand that the bitcoin (though it wasn't called a bitcoin yet) had use value before it was adopted as a currency. . . making it perfectly viable as a legitimate, market-based currency. . . even according to the strictest application of the misesian and mengerian theories.
Please also see:  [this]( [this]( [this]( and [this](
@_date: 2013-08-01 07:41:35
If I had any coding/programming ability. . . I would implement it right now, or develop my own client or wallet.
As a side note (but somewhat related addition I'd like to see), I seem to experience very random acceptance of my transactions which contain no fee. . . I understand that it is ultimately up to the miner who solves the nonce/generates the block whether to include a no-fee transaction in the block (correct me if I'm wrong or incomplete here). . . but it would be nice if the client could help predict good conditions for executing no-fee transactions (e.g. based on network traffic at the moment, tps, and hash-rate).  I can't help but wonder if there's any semi-reliable indicators; and whether those indicators could be used to warn you if you are including too large of a fee, or too little/none.  
It's usually not an issue to include a small fee. . . except when price shoots up, and smaller nominal values are being sent; then it tends to become a more significant cost.
@_date: 2013-08-20 03:27:00
In other news: Experts agree that we need a powerful central government to steal from us, in order to protect us from corporations and others who might steal from us.
@_date: 2013-07-05 03:08:52
For what it's worth, I do see the logic in and agree with most of what you're saying here.
I am by no means trying to be dogmatic about economics being strictly and completely a priori science.
What I don't agree with and still don't see as logically derived (because for one thing, I know of the existence of a contradicting set of logical deductions which negates your assumption) is:


Seriously, I hope that you'll read the book I linked you to by Murray Rothbard.  Look into praxeology (try searching praxgirl on youtube for a begginers coure that's easier to sit through), and also Ludwig Von Mises' "Human Action".  I could happily lay it all out for you myself, but I would literally have to just write a whole book here myself. . . there's no point in doing that, and there's no quick way to lay out a theory which (built layer upon layer) does take on much of the scope of economics which validates mughat's original claim (again with limitations which can be somewhat complemented with empiricism).  I really do think that you'd be surprised by what can be modeled (and I use that term very differently than the type of modeling which most economists do), and you'd be surprised at the larger scope of human interactions which this logically deduced theory allows us to understand; alleviating many of the errors of mainstream economics which can only account for pecuniary interactions (and usually only as aggregates); which severely warps the conclusions drawn.  I think that you will be genuinely surprised that what you are claiming to be axiomatic, is in fact more of an assumption on your part;  empirical science is all that is taught in school these days;  very few people even think about, let alone understand the process of logical deduction. ... at least not as formally and methodically applied to a science.
What I argue for here, and what I originally defended mughat's statement for is the primacy of this logically deduced set of economic laws. . . . laws which can and do form a much more sound basis on which to then attempt empirical observations to complement and further economic knowledge and to predict outcomes of various policy prescriptions.  We don't need to simply grope about in the dark for patterns and correlations emerging in empirical data;  we can know (such as with the law of demand) what will happen, a priori, given a certain policy enactment. . . .all things being equal.  Now, of course, all things will not be equal in the complex economy and that is where empiricism can further aid the quest for knowledge; but the primacy the overwhelming force of the natural, and a prior true, economic law should be obviously taken as the main factor in causing what follows, and the unnaccounted-for (monetary, or psychological) factors as secondary.  Humbly, I submit that this is obvious, but that I have no logical claim as to why this is necessarily true; but only empirical evidence as to the fact that immutable economic laws tend to be (or seem to be) the the most powerful driving factor over all the other and unknown factors.  Knowing the laws of supply and demand and of diminishing marginal utility, etc, to be true; why would we grope in the dark for muted patterns in human economic behavior; where we already have necessarily true principles which explain the underlying pattern without doubt, and when the data deviates from what the unerring law states should happen, we understand this to be due to other factors. . . the unknowns, the the interplays and complexities of human behavior; which we can hopefully one day further explain by economic law, but which for now we seek to best determine and quantify, empirically, those other factors, in order to take account of them (even though this is unlikely to benefit prediction in future cases due to the necessarily changing nature of human behavior).
The point being that the mainstream does not know of or utilize this logically sound base; but primarily employs the positive sciences to markets and does so over and above any real grasp of many a priori truths regarding human action.  This is the grave mistake which I believe makes most mainstream schools of economic thought mere pseudo-sciences, and what the Austrian theory lays out is the most sound and comprehensive theory of why and how policies based on these pseudo-sciences have let us to the financial and economic messes that countries around the world find themselves in.  No other school of thought has much beyond blaming "greed", "speculation", and   "deregulation", or even "animal spirits" if you lean that way. . . .poor excuses for coherent theories.
@_date: 2013-11-16 17:48:51


The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name.
 Confucius
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:52:18
I agree, which is partly why I said "**obvious** exchange of money or value"
Like my example of the office building drinking fountain. . . you are, of course paying for that water as a guest if you drink it; just very very indirectly, and the cost is very very small.  What could be more valuable for human life than water?  Yet the incentive to hoard water from that essentially free drinking fountain is not there for most people; because the marginal utility of drinking water in our wealthy societies is close to zero.  We produce so much of it, that it is practically non-scarce (even though water is technically scarce and there are indeed shortages for other purposes such as irrigation and such).
@_date: 2013-08-17 06:26:34
Roman had some fault (nothing contractual) over the theft, and he may have had a little control over better handling of the shutdown and refunding USD balances. 
What bothers me is that after the theft, and then the first attempted profit-share payouts; the boom/bubble happened.  I saw his trade volume skyrocket.  There was some money being made.  Not enough, by my calculations, to fully compensate everyone affected by the theft, but there should have been another partial payout.
@_date: 2013-02-20 02:58:57
I plan on living a very long time...I wouldnt want the batteries to run out.
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:13:22
A swear-jarred subreddit is a polite subreddit?
@_date: 2013-08-07 02:58:54
Thanks for taking time to read.  The difficulty inherent in making the case for freedom, is that there are no intellectual shortcuts, and ideas worth their salt take study and time to explain.  They are often counter-intuitive.
The political means are all too attractive because they are easy to grasp;  X is bad, therefore regulate X away.  Problem solved.  Alas, complex systems don't react in empirically predictable ways when the levers are pulled.
@_date: 2013-02-20 02:05:54
I wanted there to be great financial incentive to find mt body.
@_date: 2013-07-19 01:44:13
Don't need the state to have those things.  I hate for financial ills to befall these people, but if you decide to go to work for a coercive and violent employer....even if your intentions are to help people...well, that's a sketchy deal to start with.
@_date: 2013-11-16 03:32:57


Try again.  That's not the question I asked.
@_date: 2013-05-05 03:24:15
He's married?  Or is it a domestic partnership?
@_date: 2013-06-16 17:22:39
Don't get me wrong:  distributed production is important and bitcoin and the internet are going to help facilitate that. . . as more and more technologies such as home-scale 3D printing come online and enable smaller scale production.
*But* . . . .the idea of trying to create the network of producers like this is top-down and frankly, backwards.  This would introduce massive dis-coordination into the structures of production, which already use the best (bottom-up) mechanism for coordinating and communicating that we know of:  prices.
We cannot hope to program or even slowly develop a database of what item or part is ready for which assembling facility (e.g.  this lathed table leg needs to go to this assembler in PA), for all the millions and billions of processes going on in a modern economy.  Nor could software be flexible enough to account for the element of choice on the part of the consumer and the producers in choosing to employ different production paths, at the drop of a hat and for whatever reason they may deem necessary or innovative.  We could not set up this network better than the price system could and already has (to the extent that it has not been interfered with by government force, or central bank manipulation of the interest rate).  
We would only be centralizing the information, in an attempt to decentralize production.  Many people mistake the hierarchical structure of modern production (stages of production) as being centrally planned that way, or in some way centralized and not a natural feature of market coordination.  This is wrong, and ignores price theory.  I highly suggest reading Rothbard's ["Man, Economy, and State"]( for anyone brave enough to make a thorough study of capital theory.
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:03:35
Actually, Shostak is PhD., and Gertchev wrote a pretty damning article sometime back, trying to show that bitcoin could never be money.  
@_date: 2013-02-27 22:09:29
Yes, but there's more to it than that.  Complex markets (or rather industries and firms within complex markets), will often require explicit, and contractual supervision and guidance.
For example, a freed market will certainly "demand" so to speak, through consumption patterns, safety in produce and other food products...however, a heuristic process alone will not be a quick or precise enough mechanism to inform a lettuce producer exactly how to avoid a salmonella outbreak in their product.
Firms can step in to place and offer a certification service to the farms and producers of the lettuce.  These firms would provide value to the producer by increasing consumer confidence in their product, and this regulating firm would likely be financially liable for any regulatory failure (in stark contrast to the government's F.D.A.)
@_date: 2013-09-05 06:58:33
I understand fully what you are saying.
What I am saying is that it was inconsistent with the wording of the post for you and AgentZero to suddenly claim that the $1 trillion market cap number was supposed to represent $1 trillion of today's dollar.  Makes no sense.  The fact that AgentZero did indeed intend the number to reflect today's USD value and not 2043's, is immaterial.  
In the first place, why would one assume this, since inflation of the fiat is like death and taxes. . . and secondly because AgentZero did not reference a percentage of the world economy in deriving the number.  Not to mention the fact that it is widely recognized that the bitcoin price volatility isn't merely a reflection of the value of a bitcoin going up and down in relation to the dollar, but that the dollar itself is changing in purchasing power.  Therefore, by assuming a dollar amount, as well as referencing the dollar-price increase that would be seen on average each month as well as acknowledging the violent fluctuations which will take place, which are themselves partly a reflection of the current dollar purchasing power; it is quite illogical for the reader to have assumed anything other than that the $1 trillion market cap represents dollars valuated in the year in which AgentZero prognosticates that this market cap will come about.


Feel free to correct any of the specifics.  
@_date: 2013-08-01 05:44:46
I would agree that the primary reason for *dismissing* bitcoin in the first place, is the learning curve, and difficulty in seeing how it could benefit them.  
But the *hate* seems to come from a different crowd.  It comes from an educated (or mis-educated) person, who knows a lot, but understands little.  A person who has been taught a lot of facts, but little theory, and questions none of it.  This may not be a *vast* majority of people, but it is a large portion of society. . . there is no shortage of college degrees and educated fools from where I stand.
@_date: 2013-04-13 23:16:28
You can make relatively anonymous cash deposits into bank of america branches, and the funds are credited to your account almost immediately.  Fee's are low.  liquidity is improving on the exchange.
@_date: 2013-07-03 18:37:18
Greed for money (or self-interest expressed in monetary form) is not the only driver of human actions; however, it is perhaps the most fundamental and the most ubiquitous and consistent of motivators.
That is part of the reason that when we say an economic law is sound, we understand it to be sound ceteris paribus.  Even basic laws such as the laws of supply and demand, will often be seemingly falsified when observing empirical data (e.g. it is possible to raise the minimum wage in some circumstances and not see an increase in unemployment).  All things being equal, an increase in minimum wage would result in layoffs of employees who produce less per hour than they now must earn with the new wage.
In addition to the enormous amount of un-accounted for factors in a complex economy muddying or nullifying the expected results, there's also the fact that people are also often motivated by other, non-pecuniary forces, which can negate or attenuate what would have otherwise been the result of an economic prediction based upon money motivators alone (e.g. there is a culture of charity and benevolence among the employers in an economy and they eat the costs of the below-minimum-wage-producing-employees to retain their employment.)
This is one of the reasons why Austrian economics is a more correct way of approaching economics;  it uses a priori reasoning to derive and understand the effects of economic laws (praxeology); but by doing so it also appropriately extends the sphere of economics to all human actions (not just those motivated by money).  
Markets, to be understood properly must not be thought of as only money changing hands, but the sum of all values and valuations within human networks.
Bitcoin is a young human network; much of its growth is motivated by non-monetary factors (at least when the price isn't skyrocketing).  That will change as people begin to receive a majority or a good portion of their income in bitcoin instead of fiat. . . thus they begin to calculate value in terms of bitcoin (rather than in terms of dollars or euros, then convert to how many bitcoins that equals).
TL;DR   I don't trust greed or monetary-self-interest alone to make bitcoin win in the long term . . . but I do believe strongly that bitcoin (or a better cryptocurrency alternative) will succeed due to a combination of political, technophilic, and monetary motivating factors.
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:19:19
I think that you are correct, and that off-blockchain merchant/payment services will have to be created in order to facilitate credit-card-like transactions in meat-space.  Where the payment provider would take the initial risk, and then later verify the transaction on the blockchain.
I believe that the difficulty level for solving a block is set to high in the protocol, relative to the needs of processing massive (real-world) amounts of transactions.  Not to mention that the size of each block needs to be increased in order to facilitate more transactions per block.  The limit on total coin production is one of bitcoin's best features, of course, but it could just as easily be a higher number than 21 million (with the same block rewards as we have now) in order to allow faster transaction verifications.  This is one of the few arbitrarily set, and non-market driven aspects of bitcoin, which I think will pose some difficulty (though not fatal) to the adoption of bitcoin into the mainstream.  This is where the market provides; perhaps in the form of another crypto currency such as litecoin, for these sorts of transactions.
That said, I have have mostly good experiences in transacting over the counter, where the transaction has always gone through almost immediately, and even had a couple of confirmations before I received my purchased food, etc.  A fee will become a very necessary part of sending almost any amount of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:00:45
Good article.
But I'm not sure the author appreciates just how dependent governments are on their control and monopolization of money.
Even if it were true that bitcoin makes it easier for governments to track finances and tax more efficiently (we'll just assume for the moment that people don't actively mix, implement zerocoin, or otherwise evade a lot of taxation through bitcoin), one must still realize that without the inflation tax (which government's would not be able to levy if fiat were replaced by bitcoin), government would have to directly tax at such a high level in order to sustain their current spending, that their citizens would revolt.
We're not out in the streets with pitchforks, precisely because so much of taxation is indirect and hidden from us.
Bitcoin can, and will, pose a serious issue for nation-states around the world... and I for one can't wait.
@_date: 2013-08-06 09:30:08
Isn't this article a little too political for this non-political sub-reddit, about a politically neutral digital currency?  I mean, this is the kind of thing which scares newcomers off....right?
Now, once you've detected the sarcasm; but before furiously down-voting:  consider whether the distinction you are hastily drawing up in your mind between this and the (a-political) crypto-anarchists rants that you wish to distance from this sub, contain any essential difference.
Or, in other words; why are technical, business-related, charity, or economic topics (which all invite healthy debate from each of the various camps found in those interests) any more legitimate or welcome than discussions about the political/a-political aspects of bitcoin, as well as speculation on where it might take us?
Disagree with Jon Matonis' anti-government bent all you want...but can anyone truly understand how bitcoin fits within world politics today...let alone read an article like this and conclude anything other than that bitcoin is an inherently and uniquely politically-devisive beast at its core?  Would you have everyone self-censor, or relegate discussion about the 800lb. gorilla in the room, to an off-shoot sub-reddit?  Apply whatever practical reasons you may have in your head against political discussions....but do so also to whatever pet-aspect it is that you love most about bitcoin, and for which you come to this sub-reddit to discuss.
@_date: 2013-06-06 04:33:09
I agree completely.  I am what most would refer to as an Austro-Libertarian bitcoin zealot; and I don't want to touch this stuff with a 10 foot pole.
So many people want to try to explain; with baseless conspiracy theory, what can be explained through sound economics.
The mainstream may disagree with my economic and political theories, but I hope that people can at least see the vast and fundamental differences between the rigorous logical processes of rational ethics and  praxeology, vs. the lizard-people-fearing, New-World-Order hating, type of conspiracy theorist.  These people know nothing of any kind of economics; they merely sense that something is wrong, and grasp onto every meaningless and benign statement or event as if it were the doomsday prophecy.  Anyway, bitcoin is the mark of the beast to them, and surely part of the Rothschild's nefarious plan to create one world currency.
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:47:06
Good thing the bitcoin community is not a democracy (or democratically controlled).  Bitcoin.org can do or say whatever they want.  They are not "bitcoin".   
@_date: 2013-09-04 00:24:24
Well, that's why I said: *widely*.
But anyway, when you do your due diligence on a company's BTC-denominated stock, you aren't really thinking of p/e in terms of BTC, but rather by how many dollars each BTC is going to fetch at exchange.
Each person must close their transactions loop.
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:30:00


These are two very different things; one revolves around fiat money, the other stores private keys and allows you to make transactions on the Bitcoin network.  
I think you read my comment wrong.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:28:40
But at least most of them who don't understand, are a lot more thoughtful about their assessment of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:16:38
But, but, but . . .  bitcoin price is at 3 hour lows!  The crash is happening!!
@_date: 2013-05-30 00:42:16
Have you considered buying your computer from bitcoinstore.com?  If you're building something custom, I'd bet they'd be willing to get any and all parts you need if they don't currently list them. 
{Disclaimer; no affiliation with bitcoinstore.com, just trying to keep money in the bitcoin economy.}
@_date: 2013-06-06 05:09:22
Shhh!  First rule of freemasonry, is that you don't talk about freemasonry.  stonecutters are hot on our heels with their litecoin.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:48:37
I just may be willing to drive to SD just to use this. . . . certainly, next time I'm there I'll make a point of it.
That said, can we please get one in Phoenix?  Pretty please.  This place is fairly devoid of bitcoin users (and localbitcoiners) relative to its population.
@_date: 2013-06-17 19:47:15
Call me a tinfoil-hat-wearing conspiracy theorist; but I think that too many people feel complacent due to the fact that the code is open source, and that is has been reviewed by many.  That's great, but moving forward, I think that the most crucial times for having the code scrutinized by many is ahead of us.
It is supposed to be unlikely for any one entity to control bitcoin because it is a distributed control mechanism. . . well, that's only true so far as people aren't blindly trusting one or a handful of developers for new releases.
Does it not bother anyone else the amount of deference. . . even reverence which is afforded to Gavin and even Jeff Garzik?  Does it not strike anyone else as very likely that there are powerful interests who would like to control or at least slow down bitcoin adoption, and that these interests have probably contacted these developers?
I'm not even suggesting that bitcoin could be taken over or ruined completely by this type of infiltration; (I'm not a coder so frankly I'm way out of my league trying to discuss what could or could not be implemented in order to try to negatively effect the network) but what I am suggesting is that next time there's a 51% attack or hard-fork or some kind of network crisis, nearly everyone will be all too ready to update their client to whatever Jeff and Gavin and the "core developers" have prepared for us. . . without proper time for review.
I don't trust people in power. period.  Gavin does wield some power, or at least some apparent and latent power, which unscrupulous forces could use.  You can't take a person's comments and political views at face value, to be sure;  but Gavin doesn't display even an inkling of dislike nor distrust for the powers that be, nor any understanding of the economic factors which have corrupted the mainstream financial system; in stark contrast to the nature of the project which he is working on.
If somebody wants to debate me on that, and give me some kind of evidence that Gavin is somehow playing the long game, and laying low as it comes to the regulators and the banks, making them think they're doing something, until such time as bitcoin is too big to do anything about. . . fine.  I'm not trying to attack him personally.  I am simply wary of the enslaved mindset that so many people seem to have, where they automatically search for a leader, a ruler, and an official spokesperson for every aspect of their lives.  They can't imagine freedom from authority, even though it is right in front of them and they are participating in it.  Worse still are those who actively seek to have this freedom coercively regulated, and who are at the center of what the bureaucrats regard as a means to control the bitcoin network (i.e. Gavin).
@_date: 2013-05-24 03:23:55
I don't follow.  These organizations (unlike most people) have long had the means to conduct underground and anonymous transactions. . . it has given them an edge on "everybody else".  Though bitcoin provides a turn-key solution for them which is perhaps cheaper; I don't see why they would want that power in everyone else's hands. . . costs are of little concern to the "national security" apparatus or to the government wannabees who call themselves mafia.
Bitcoin doesn't need "powerful allies".  I for one don't want these murderers and thugs to have any more advantages.  I want bitcoin to disintegrate their sources of power; which is another reason to doubt your conjecture;  if bitcoin continues to succeed, governments may topple, power structures in the world rearranged, drugs and other prohibited goods and services effectively legalized. . . there goes the financial support for the mafias and governments. . . there goes the support base for bloated national security apparatus. . . if they are smart, they see this.  I believe they are as smart as they are immoral.  
Bitcoin doesn't need anything to succeed other than to be useful and provide value to the masses who make honest, peaceful transactions.  It doesn't need "regulation" for investors to feel safe, and it certainly doesn't need influxes of big money stolen from the people.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:17:47
Wish I was smart enough to do it, that's for sure.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:04:57
Thanks for clarifying.  Very interesting, and I'll have to look more in to this particular aspect of MMT.  
Just out of curiosity: what timescale does a biological necessity have to fit within, in order to lend intrinsic value to objects which satisfy it?  Air (3minutes)? Water (3 days)?  Food (3 weeks)?  External stimuli (years)?  Modern machinery (to avoid early decay of health)?  Affection (a long but perhaps shorter life)?  Entertainment and beauty?
What about a suicidal person or someone about to give their life to save another?  Do they value their life, or life at all, at the moment right before killing themselves?  Don't items like food, water, or air, cease to be valuable at all to this person?  What is so special about biological needs which set them apart qualitatively from other valued things and abstractions?
You might give more pause to considering the subjective nature of value, when considering whether bitcoin has intrinsic value, just like many other things, qualitatively.
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:40:05
Largest theft of bitcoins that I know of.  144K +  is that right?
@_date: 2013-11-30 17:34:11
Why? because the protocol itself will not yet support transactions with the kind of lag that intergalactic sub-luminal communications will incur.
@_date: 2013-04-03 15:46:39
nothing recently.  His opinions and interpretations do not represent the absolute canon of Austrian school doctrine, though.
There's a healthy debate about bitcoin and theory of money going on on the mises.org community.  take a look at [some of]( Peter Surda's work.  He has also written a masters thesis on this topic.
For me, an austrian perspective is precisely what makes me a bitcoiner.  Though if the mod there is a stick in the mud, you could also try or @_date: 2013-12-28 21:49:47
The freedom to create new monies, and for people to adopt and use those new monies, is how markets non-arbitrarily regulate the supply of money, to alleviate and balance supply and demand shocks.  It works the other way too (a money provider's product can lose market share and even fail, and contract the supply when overall demand for money is lower).
No central bank needed, and no need for ineffective personal crusades.  But do what makes you happy.
@_date: 2013-11-02 09:09:09
If you're talking about re-denominating a unit of account; why are you constantly bringing the dollar into it.  A bitcoin is its own unit of account.  In other words, why wouldn't you want to re-denominate bitcoin once it reaches an exchange price of 1000 or 1000?  Why the dollar?  This is a world currency.  Plus, the fiat currencies, and their exchange rate with bitcoin become more and more irrelevant everyday.  Most prices of goods/services offered for bitcoin only float against fiat prices because of present volatility, which is changing.  The bitcoin is becoming its own unit of account with its own purchasing power.
More appropriately, I can see being a little concerned about re-denominating when the purchasing power of bitcoin is at a certain level. . . say, when 1 BTC buys you a car or a house. . . at least there's some recent cultural inertia behind viewing the primary unit of your currency as having the value to purchase things on the order of a soda, or a small toy, rather than a car.  But even then, that is only a fairly recent trend in currency unit purchasing power, and by no means implies a natural social desire towards this or a telling historical trend.  In the not-too-distant past, the US dollar bought you a lot more than a drink or a small toy. . . people got along just fine despite that.  
It seems easy enough to me, to talk of buying small things in bitcents, or mills (millibitcoins).  Bitcoin is a new thing altogether. . . the difficulty for people to adopt it in the first place will overshadow any minor changes in culture and nomenclature over money, in my view.  So who's present monetary culture in the world gets to decide what that "sweetspot" is for bitcoin re-denomination?
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:55:31
All I see is a chart where bitcointalk forum activity *lags* the price activity.  It makes perfect sense that there is more excitement on bitcointalk in direct correlation with the price.
@_date: 2013-05-04 16:40:54
Let's hope bitcoins take hold quickly enough and to a great enough extent that nation-states no longer have the power to wage aggressive wars.. then WWIII is moot.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:07:07
I definitely concede your point about bitcoin users **possibly** not needing deposit insurance and traditional arbitration (please see my edit to the comment above).
It can't be any clearer, that the U.S. government has already had a huge impact on the behavior of the markets, and the ability to buy, sell, and conduct bitcoin business.


If you take everyone's money to pay for public schools. . . only the rich will have extra money to spend on private schools, and there's already a "free" school to send your kids to, so if you're not one of the few rich, why pay for private school?. . . nobody is stopping people from creating private schools, yet there are few of them (little demand). . .and people imagine that that means that a free market would never provide affordable schooling or education.
If you take everyone's money to pay for the FDIC (not to mention all the other malfeasance of the banking and financial sectors), albeit a hidden cost, it is very high.  There is no law (that I'm aware of) directly stopping somebody from providing private deposit insurance in the bitcoin space . . . yet, there's already a state-sponsored and "insured" money alternative to bitcoin, which everyone is already paying for, and which makes it a lot easier for people to store their money in a secure way (and not have to personally implement bank-level security), so it does have an impact on the resources available for private entities to provide such a service, as well as temper the demand from consumers, for such a service.
Law and arbitration are completely monopolized by the state, and very expensive to society.  There is little demand for private arbitration (which would actually be responsive and tailored to the needs of the bitcoin and digital era), so people still rely on the government monopoly courts, who are not equipped to handle the necessary poly-centric legal structure which the modern world needs.


Directly, no.  Indirectly, that's debatable.  But that was not what I said.  What I said was that there are few if any startups, specifically in the exchange space, domestically, because no one can afford to comply with even the existing FinCen regulations, and/or escape bank persecution.  Only the bigger, already established exchanges can survive.  These are the same forces which ensconced big, powerful players in the traditional financial sector, and which makes our national economies such a mess in the first place.  This could not be any clearer.
Unintended consequences, my friend.  Learn about them.  You are fooled into trusting a monopoly, because it is difficult to see how they cause the very problems they claim to need to solve.  You have to look harder.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:34:12
The way I understand the soundness of the bitcoin protocol and the principles that it is built on. . . on top of growing empirical evidence of the robustness of the user-base to serve as a backstop to price crashes:
I may have lost some dollar value, but I have also gained enormous opportunity to buy in at much lower prices now. . . because I know where the price and value is ultimately headed.  My emotions got in the way of purchasing a lot more than I did when the price was even lower than it is today.  Now I get a second chance to not let emotion get in the way of logic.
May not seem like a success story now, but it will be in the future.
@_date: 2013-12-20 19:16:52
@_date: 2013-08-04 08:48:52
Good questions.  here's my .02 BTC:


Very low market penetration [relatively]( but on [par]( with other sub-saharan african nations.
[Cell phone service]( however, has much higher penetration and quality than any neighboring country.


After all they've been through, I'm willing to bet that volatility is a game that those people are far more adept at playing than us westerners.


Not sure I understand the question, nor do I necessarily agree that the bitcoins must exit Somalia.  Technically speaking, they exit the same way they enter;  someone cryptographically signs a balance over to another address.  Can't the bitcoins received in trade or remittance remain in the local Somali economies and be used/adopted as a currency there?  Can Somali's not use bitcoin like their neighbors use Mpesa; with mobile phones?
@_date: 2013-08-15 23:40:25
mmmmmm. . . .liquid assets.
@_date: 2013-06-05 17:59:49
Nice production!
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:29:03
I don't see why the actions and rhetoric of the U.S. government so far necessarily mean anything for the future.
If anything, governments usually take a slow, steady, gradual approach to encroaching upon peoples' business.  Otherwise, the natives get restless and come out with pitchforks.  This is not a single, homogeneous entity we are talking about, which is collectively conscious of bitcoin and the threat that it poses.  Rather, each individual agency, sees bitcoin as an opportunity or threat from a different viewpoint than the other agencies and bureaus and departments and branches of government, and will want to regulate, ban, allow, embrace, or ignore, accordingly. . . their views of it also being subject to change over time depending on how big it becomes and how markets and "criminal" activity shift in relation to the new widespread protocol.
TL;DR   FinCen's guidelines and the Senate hearing will not be the last word on bitcoin, nor will they be the only agencies which will try to interfere with it.  Not to mention each individual state government potentially weighing in.
@_date: 2013-07-28 19:26:00
Why should human beings be caged for having drugs and/or guns in their home?
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:53:56
Not similar to state regulation for at least two reasons:
The choice of whether to include a transaction fee, and how much, is decided by the sender and how long he/she is willing to wait for inclusion into the blockchain.  Different clients (from the hopefully much more decentralized base of developers) will set different defaults; but the need to include a transaction fee, and how large of one, is really a function of network traffic, and desired speed of confirmation.
The choice of whether to use bitcoin at all (accepting the protocol in its entirety), is a completely voluntary choice.  Don't mistake bitcoin alone as the "free market" for money; but rather the fact that anyone can create their own money, if they like, or not use money at all, if they prefer; and that no entity is using physical violence or the threat of it to force people to use a specific money (or have to pay protection money, read: taxes, to them in any specific money).
I don't see politicians having much influence in 2050, anyways, and the internet has already neutered much of the ability for state-run and quasi-state-run news outlets to control the message and spread FUD, unchallenged.
@_date: 2013-11-30 19:02:17
Class act.  Good form, Roger.  As important as it is to take care of those in need of help right now, Roger is looking to the future, and helping to spread the economic ideas which will allow society to generate more wealth, and not produce so many/trap so many people into positions of poverty.
This is the real factor which makes bitcoin so important...it gives rise to the possibility of seeing the state rendered completely obsolete within my lifetime, so that I can see my kids enter adulthood into a world without so much violence, and backwards thought.  A world with hope for the future.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:25:29
FTA:  "Bitcoins could not exist if there were not an integrated system of digital currency.
You have to have digital currency in order to buy bitcoins."
Oh Gary, just stop before you hurt yourself.  What an absolute embarrassment to the many other consistent and logical, and thoughtful economists who call themselves Austrians.
@_date: 2013-07-07 03:32:19
I'm  rather fond of the diversity,  and the freedom and decentralization that has allowed it.   The world has quite enough of the standardized and homogenized...  Don't  you think? 
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:03:01
You said that Gary North "provides excellently laid out counter-arguments as to why these potential benefits have not/will not materialize".
You do realize that Gary North's points are based on Menger's theories of money?  So I addressed that point, and threw in a comment regarding the decreasing volatility.
You seized on that one little comment, to attack a technicality, that right now, as we speak, bitcoin is very volatile (less so than "before").  Seemed like a classic nitpick and evade the bigger point to me.  Sorry if that was not the case.  Yet my point still stands on both fronts.  Bitcoin is appearing to become less volatile over time, contrary to Gary North's predictions (of course, an austrian critique can hold true in spite of apparent empirical evidence to the contrary, because economic reality is affected by too many factors and human  complexity to isolate variables. . . and thus I make the challenge to his interpretation/application of Austrian/Mengerian deductive theory, which some have incorrectly applied to their understanding of bitcoin as money, and very vocally attack it on those grounds; while completely ignoring the counter-points to their arguments).
/run on sentence.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:56:14


Unfortunately, a lot more.
That being said, there are other, decentralizing forces in the world, which bitcoin is helping to enable; and these forces will paradoxically assist in sustaining bitcoin through the outright bans and draconian measures to come.  There are already free zones and more forward thinking sovereignties which will serves as safe harbors for bitcoin, and gain immense wealth by acting counter-economically.  The internet becomes more and more decentralized every day, and greater portions of it go dark to the prying eyes of the state, even as their tactics get more sophisticated. . . .the expense grows and they will collapse under their own weight.
The nation-state is a decaying institution, not fit to govern modern society.  In most cases there is no conspiracy.  No single mind or group of minds wringing their hands and cackling as they plot and plan to destroy bitcoin.  There's just the set of incentives which having a monopoly on the initiation of aggression naturally gives to each bureaucracy within the state.
There are plenty of very well meaning people who are in charge; but their only framework for action and influence is an evil one which uses force instead of mutually beneficial trade.
@_date: 2013-07-19 03:40:06
Appeals to emotion.  The only retort of the ignorant and closed minded.  Now, go fade into irrelevance like the state that indoctrinated you.
@_date: 2013-11-08 03:45:56
Pales in comparison to the largest bitcoin theft ever:  144,000+ stolen by the FBI.
Still sucks.  My condolences to all the users.  One day, market conditions will be right for deposit insurance and strict audits on wallet service providers.
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:05:54
Good job, author of the article.  You win a cookie.  You all go ahead and panic sell, so that I can buy like crazy.
Author's primary failing; he/she has no clue how many of me are out there.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:46:13
The Federal Reserve is private in the same sense that U.S. prisons, blackwater, and your cable company, are private.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:12:14
What about the unregulated entity who "certified" my birth, dictated an address to my geo-location, and created a monetary and banking cartel which monopolizes money creation and payment protocols (until now)?  I have no reason to trust them either.
I'd love to have some well regulated options. . . but they just don't seem to exist.  You would think that there's profit to be made in providing proof of independent audits and gaining certification from industry groups, in order to garner confidence among your customers and potential customers. . . but then again, if there's this other giant entity which takes everybody's spare income, and throws people in cages who try to compete with their regulatory services, then it's pretty easy to see why good options have not yet come about in terms of regulatory services.
I guess that for many people, the potential benefits of acquiring bitcoin quickly, outweigh the risks involved with trusting certain entities with their state-created tracking information.
EDIT:  oh, it's you.  I'll be sure to up vote all your posts and comments, so that you can more quickly be identified by for your trolling activities.
@_date: 2013-07-30 21:32:06
What are the chances that each of us will declare the government of the united states, illegal in our bitcoin transactions?
@_date: 2013-07-06 03:40:28
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:15:45
Lessons?  The collapse of nation states and central banks cannot come fast enough.
Who are these nutjobs who actually think that governments are doing any good by imprisoning people who challenge their monopoly?
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:03:58
Walls are just expectations, guesses, speculations...they tend to disintegrate rapidly with new circumstances and prices.  It could easily blow past 30, as likely as pop today; but in my mind, time is as much of an issue as the price in getting people to sell... The price level is relative...It's the amount of time that the price has been rapidly rising which makes me (and probably a lot of other people) feel like selling looks really good right now.
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:32:45
Sure.  Or you could be a really good history teacher and explore some of the reasons why there was so much speculation going on in the first place.
That may actually shed some light on the weaknesses of centrally controlled money supplies, and play nicely into a discussion of how bitcoin, along with a free market of competing alternative currencies, can respond to market demands for greater or lesser quantities of money; in a non-arbitrary fashion.
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:21:19
If I were in the data recovery business. . . especially those who are trained in and have the tools for data forensics. . . I would be taking a serious look, right about now, about the feasibility of offering my services to those who mined early on but lost/deleted/overwrote drives.  Could be time to bust out that magnetic force microscope.
At the very least it's fascinating; like a modern day treasure hunt.
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:47:02
At least buy me dinner first. :p
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:04:03
The supply of bitcoins is inflexible.  
At what point will the bitcoin economy experience the negative effects of this condition, or has it already, and by what metrics?  
@_date: 2013-06-27 00:05:43
Not only does dealing in BTC to BTC only transactions alleviate the issue of exchanges being controlled by the government;  it would also be the single greatest step towards turning bitcoin from a pseudo-money/commodity, into a real money. . . allowing for economic calculation in the currency natively, and thus stabilizing the price and bringing about all the many other benefits of a decentralized currency that we have only talked about for so long;  it is at this point that the bitcoin would truly begin to be able to weaken government control.
Businesses who accept bitcoin can't pay their suppliers in bitcoin right away. . . but what supplier isn't going to entertain accepting bitcoin if the business offers a higher price than list-price, as an incentive?  
@_date: 2013-06-16 21:40:03
The way you explain it here makes more sense and I can definitely see how that is achievable (at least in a longer time-frame, producers can evolve in to using this and similar systems).  I would say that it does still seem difficult (though not impossible) for this system to help the producers and the end-consumer from being able to take advantage of economies of scale, and any benefits or market niches there may be for products seen through by one firm or conglomerate from beginning to end.
What I'm not entirely clear on, then, is what problem this is trying to solve?  Is it just improving and making communication more efficient then between producers and consumers?  Or is this attempting to cut out a middle-man (i.e larger conglomerates which sell the end product and thus help coordinate the product along its stages of production)?  Can you elaborate more on this?
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:23:11
"There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root" . . .
But never mind the source of the ISPs' power.  Just keep hacking away at the abstraction called greed.
@_date: 2013-05-30 19:11:30


Of course many of us here have participated in or read these debates and disputes around regression theorem and what not, and thankfully many Austrians are coming around.  But their early arguments strike me as being as closed-minded as their statist counterparts;  the economist-detractors from both sides seemed to fail to grasp that bitcoin is and was operating in a successful manner and serving as money - therefore the job of the economist, if the economist has any job, is to determine how and under what new paradigm the bitcoin conforms to the immutable laws of economics. . . not to sit there and grumble like an old man about how it breaks those laws.  
Fewer statists and keynesian-minded users of bitcoin, unfortunately, have come around to seeing the virtues of this largely free market, despite all the evidence.  But their position is all the more baffling since they participate in the bitcoin economy, and one has to wonder what they are doing with their money, if they are so assured that a deflationary currency is doomed to fail, and that there must be central monetary and fiscal management of an economy. . . .things which clearly cannot exist strictly within the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-12-21 21:40:00
I don't think, I know . . . 
that nobody should interfere with the voluntary contractual arrangements that they are not party to.
People like to put the cart before the horse and blame the horrors of living in the company town as the cause of the general economic condition. . . rather than the general poverty created by government, or the primitive state of technological advancement and harsh realities of survival; as being the reason why rational individuals have chosen to agree to such employment.
I wonder if people truly believe that simply making a law against that sort of practice will (or would have) created a better situation for those who would have otherwise taken the company money wages.
I wonder if people ever stop to think of the almost innumerable ways in which contracts between people and businesses are not regulated by a government; and yet produce manifestly favorable results for both parties.  I wonder if people ever stop to consider why they make the assumption that a profit-motivated enterprise will always exploit people and get away with it, in the absence of some specific coercive regulation.   Then what is the difference?  Why do some aspects of the market seem to magically regulate themselves and others don't (and thus supposedly need the state to step in and save the day)?
What entity, other than the state, has the power (and more importantly, is granted the moral authority by so many) to force people to do anything that they don't want to?
@_date: 2013-05-28 16:56:08
While I'm glad of every new participant in the bitcoin economy, and happy that they have (presumably) found something of value in using it:  I have to wonder what some of these people are seeing as the end-game of widespread bitcoin adoption throughout their various countries and the world.
The libertarian and anarchist positions are constantly mocked these days and the keynesian and other statist economic viewpoints have become mainstream in the community today.  They may not agree with my ideologies, and certainly there's a lot of wiggle room on what exactly the effect that bitcoin will have on the world economy:  however, it truly is mind-blowing for anyone to not grasp some general points here about where bitcoin will take us, if it takes us anywhere:
1. With care, and with some additional tools which are readily available, bitcoin makes it possible to easily (and relatively safely) purchase illegal substances and illicit drugs.  Like the bitcoin economy as a whole, the effects of this are limited at this time because bitcoin does not have widespread adoption.  If/when it does, the economics of prohibition cannot be denied and enabling people to get around prohibitions will engender greater peace and prosperity than the usual outcomes of black markets.  Less drug related gang violence, cartels stripped of much of their power, government enforcement agencies with less under-the-table funding.  To the extent that bitcoin is adopted for this purpose: Violence will decrease (including gun violence), quality of drugs will improve, and prices will come down.
2. Bitcoin (along with other readily available tools) can allow a person to more easily avoid paying taxes, and yes, even some small businesses to avoid charging taxes and/or pay employees under the table.  Doesn't matter whether you agree with them doing this or not;  it is manifestly a desire and temptation for many people to not pay taxes, and making it that much easier to get away with it means that more people are likely to get away with it.  I don't know whether there will be enough people enabled by bitcoin to make a huge dent in government revenues in this way. . . but it must be noted that a critical mass of people avoiding taxes can create a chain reaction and a culture of avoidance and could get out of control (from the government's perspective) where they can no longer enforce among such a large tax-avoiding base.
3. Whether you agree with it or not, whether you like it or not. . . .you are avoiding one of the (U.S.) government's main taxes, just by using bitcoins instead of dollars.  You have skirted their inflation tax and you have left behind you even more dollars circulating in the fiat economy, chasing after the same amount of goods.  Every person who switches to bitcoin (whether they save or spend) chips away at the dollar (or other fiat) hegemony.  This is the tax that the U.S. is presently attacking countries over.  This will destroy much of their power if there is widespread bitcoin adoption.  Their debt is completely unserviceable if they do not have control over their currency being in use by their citizens and the world at large (to broaden their inflation-tax base).
4. Bitcoin shows pretty clearly already that a central bank or other monetary authority is not necessary to govern a currency (and is in fact detrimental) and that money is manifestly a market phenomenon, and like anything else on a market, best left free and checked by competition and the discipline of the market.  Our short experiment here has also showed pretty clearly that a deflationary currency (or at least one that is generally appreciating in value) does not stop people from making purchases altogether. . . even when the deflation is not gradual but sharp and volatile the way that the bitcoin/fiat prices have been.  Merchants must decrease prices (as compared to fiat prices for the same good or service) in order to win customers, and consumers must weight the opportunity costs of their purchases more carefully since their money is likely to purchase more tomorrow. .  .nevertheless, people still buy and sell and transact, and a more healthy economy is shown to emerge from this; one which promote saving and investing and capital development, to the enrichment of all.
5. Bitcoin cannot be stopped or effectively regulated by any government.  It can only possibly drive it underground and arrest it's growth, limiting it to circulation among the libertarians, cypher-punks and anarchists.  Governments can only stifle the above 4 outcomes. . . no attempted regulation can benefit anyone here, nor promote any of the valuable and peace promoting aspects of a bitcoin economy.
Any state or central bank should hate bitcoin, if they have half a sense.  Any bitcoin user who truly believes in or subscribes to a keynesian (or MMT or monetarist) viewpoint on economics, should be slipping quietly into the shadows right now. . . its already readily apparent to most who see the success of bitcoin how unnecessary and incorrect these schools of thought are, and this will become only more and more apparent to all, as the bitcoin economy grows.
You can argue against my economic viewpoints all day long if you wish, but you can't (without looking like a crazy person) assert that the properties of bitcoin and its network induce anything if not a decentralized and free economy upon its users.  So, given its success and continued growth. . . keynesians, what are you doing here?  You are welcome here, and indeed the beauty of the system is that I, nor anybody else, does not get a say on whether you are participating or not. . . . but seriously, what are you doing here?  If you truly believe your state-centric ideologies, why would you even touch a bitcoin with a ten-foot pole?  
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:04:05
Is that even a thing?
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:31:44
Goods and services being priced lower and lower is a feature (not a bug or "intervention") of a deflationary economy.  It is what allows it to work in favor of consumers who would otherwise only save money in the deflationary currency.  This is how markets work.
Also, I don't think we can know whether those buyers used bitcoin because it was faster/easier or not. . . we would have to ask them.  Though I can't imagine how copying and pasting a bitcoin address isn't faster and easier than inputting a credit card number and exp date, security code, name and address, etc.
The bitcoin consumer likely wins on both fronts here:  ease of use AND lower prices.
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:21:35


I would even go so far as to say that bitcoin can only go one of two ways:  it is doomed to utter failure, or destined for massive, widespread, world-changing success.  That's because it is engineered to be, or become, money.  So if its purchasing power cannot stabilize, it will not likely find any use as a payment network, and thus a currency and the network of people and infrastructure surrounding it will evaporate.


This is the common, but poor economic education that most people receive from state-run school systems, telling you that.  In reality, there are psychological and other factors which counter-balance the obvious and intuitive effects of an appreciating unit of currency.  High volatility (in either direction) is a problem. . . but a slowly deflating currency does not hamper the smooth operation of a complex economy; and in fact can provide some benefits.  Moreover, a true free-market of competing currencies (e.g. other crypto-currencies competing with bitcoin) provide the market with monetary safety valves on the total supply of money in an economy.  Have a central authority issue and control the money supply at all or in any way; and suddenly you "find" that money "needs" to be controlled to combat adverse effects which mistakenly get blamed on the "free market" which did not actually exist.  The deflation scare and deflationary spiral arguments have been debunked over and over and over.  For the best place to begin to study this alternative viewpoint to the economic mainstream, I suggest visiting the [mises institute website](


Am I wrong in my reflections?
I don't think you're wrong in your reflections (perhaps misguided in your fear of deflation per se).  I too want to use bitcoin as a currency.  Price stability of a commodity is usually tied closely to liquidity.  Bitcoin is still young, in market terms.  People are too used to things coming into existence by decree, artificially.  Bitcoin is a true market phenomenon, organic, unruly, gradual, . . . . and sustainable.  Price is being discovered right now.  Infrastructure is still being built.  Bitcoins are not easy enough yet for the average person to use and store securely.  That has to change.  Liquidity has to improve.  And above all, I think, people need to begin to primarily obtain their bitcoins through earnings, and not through exchange with fiat.  There is a big shift that can happen when people begin to equate the value of a bitcoin with a certain amount of their own blood, sweat and tears, rather than constantly (if subconsciously) referencing a dollar/euro/yen price in their head. . . they are still calculating price by fiat, even if they are paying for a product or service in bitcoin.  Merchants and vendors will begin to stop floating their BTC prices against fiat, when people stabilize its purchasing power through earning it and purchasing with it, rather than buying it secondarily, and using it as a novelty barter item.
That being said:  I do not mean to imply that it is necessary or effective to crusade or campaign for people to change their behavior or thinking. . . rather that their behavior and thinking regarding bitcoin now is an inevitable and rational response to this stage of its development.  There are already many signs of volatility decreasing (though it may not seem like it when viewed in the short term).  I believe price will stabilize, liquidity will increase.  More and more merchants will continue to accept bitcoin and more and more businesses will offer to pay their employees and suppliers in bitcoin.  
Eventually some brave entrepreneuring souls will begin to accept bitcoin for their products and services as the unit of account, not floated against a fiat price, and from there, it is game over for the monetary world as we know it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:18:47


I'm aware of what a central bank's role is; but all intentions and stated goals aside, there are consequences to using institutionalized force upon a market (even if black/grey markets fill some of the prohibited niches). . . that is why we refer to them as unintended consequences.


Yes, perfectly reasonable within the current paradigm.  A paradigm which sees institutionalized coercion as a good or necessary thing.  I'm not interested in this.  I am speaking of markets in general and human freedom.


The fact that you can be so nonchalant about this and confident in your mistaken belief that this will not affect innovation, only goes to strengthen my point about people not understanding unintended consequences.  Does the fact that black markets for drugs thrive in most places where they are illegal, and that it is easy to get drugs (albeit illegally) mean that there are no effects from the prohibition, or that innovation has not been stifled?  The drug war has invariably stifled innovation, quality, safety, volume, etc. of the products, and has created vast amounts of peripheral violence.  You (nor anyone else) cannot possibly say with any accuracy what the repercussions of each new government edict will be.  Markets and human behavior are too complex to predict this, and economies are far too multifaceted to see the indirect ways in which they have been affected by a given cause. . . .shadow banking or not.
@_date: 2013-03-30 23:24:30
Only people on the fringe don't like being stolen from? . . . . I guess I'll just stand over here in the corner then.
All your condescending and my smugness aside:  you are not factoring in the freedom from one of the biggest taxes which bitcoin affords its users (regardless of whether their purchases are done with "legal" businesses. . .whatever that means).
The inflation tax.  I've got no problem continuing to pay my taxes, including sales taxes (in order to avoid being dragged away by men with guns).  I've never claimed, nor seen anyone else claim that using bitcoin automatically exempts one from all direct taxation.  It merely presents a way to do so, if one chooses to use it in a certain manner.  But the indirect tax of inflation is negated as the value of your BTC rises in relation that of your fiat currency with which you purchased it (if you indeed purchased it with fiat).
@_date: 2013-10-03 21:07:00


Such poor reasoning, and yet so commonplace.  That statement makes no sense.  The incentive to use blackmail (or rather the distorted risk/reward balance) stems directly from the force and threat of force by the state which creates the black markets surrounding drugs, and other substances and products.  
Because buyers and sellers cannot make any recourse to legitimate market-based arbitration and legal services, or even to state-provided courts and law; they are limited to secrecy, violence, and little accountability for anyone (reputation systems alone).
All the while, you had this massive, immanent threat looming, in the form of state prosecution; which provides a ready weapon in the arsenal of those who would gain advantage over those operating within the black market.
I am certain that, due to the actions of DPR (specifically the alleged contract killing), and this prevalent misunderstanding as outlined above; that libertarianism and the freedom movement in general will be highly demonized.  People will argue that DPR did what he did because of his libertarian dogma; because he was a "crazy right-wing, anarchist, nutjob" . . . completely ignoring the cruel irony here:
the irony that this episode in fact highlights the destructiveness of the state, and the efficacy of the economics which informs DPR's libertarian dogma:
That despite DPR's proclaimed adherence to non-aggression-principle-libertarian-dogma; he acted, in fact, in a very different manner, precisely due to the forces (present because of the state and their arbitrary bans) acting upon him.
tl;dr  the forces of the basic laws of economics generally trump and are more ubiquitous than other factors widely influencing people. . . even self-proclaimed libertarians.  Thus validating the free-market economics from which much of the dogma is derived.
Also, that the propensity and incentives to blackmail have nothing to do whatsoever with bitcoin, or the incentives created by its existence, yet still bitcoiners and also libertarians will be demonized.
@_date: 2013-01-24 23:53:57
"In the end, bitcoin is a bet on the other side of The States coin; the free market side. Its a bet that voluntary trade will, in the end, overcome neanderthalic force and coercion. Its a wager that the conversation currently underway in the shadowy black market is far more intriguing, far more complex, far more nuanced and exceedingly more interesting than the yip-yapping that distracts the undead, mainstream TV-consumer for an hour or so around feeding time every evening."
@_date: 2013-10-13 17:46:29
If only more people who rely on the state to solve problems would stop and consider that stated intentions and methods have very little to do with reality and incentive structures.
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:06:01
Don't tell me you are hung up on the idea that just because government funded projects created *portions* of the protocol and infrastructure which make up the basis of what we call the internet, that that means that no internet or other similar protocol and human/computer networking would not or could not exist.  
One might mistake you for someone who also believes that without government, people would not and could not build roads and would stand on their isolated properties, scratching their heads as to how cooperate mutually in order to get from here to there.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:47:20


. . . say the people who are currently favored by the existing monetary scheme.
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:26:44
At the very least, it is PR for them to increase their legitimacy in the eyes of the public, decrease bitcoin's legitimacy and perceived security in the eyes of the uneducated.
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:26:51
Austrians playing catch-up.  Better late than never (-;
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:40:23
private keys don't demand ransom.  people demand ransom.
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:28:27
But they caught a one-time fraudster!  So what if it was at the expense of further legitimizing institutional fraud and theft?
@_date: 2013-11-16 21:40:26
[Time preference.](
As an economic law, acting individuals value a specific good good or service more in the near term than they value it in the future (one of the reasons why people are often willing to pay interest to a creditor in exchange for money now; instead of waiting to save it all themselves).
This fact of scarce reality, is one of the less-frequently-cited reasons why a mildly deflationary currency is not a problem (macro-economically) as it nicely complements the tendency or opposite force exhibited in time preference; allowing more forward thinking production and economic growth and planning.
That said, a wildly unstable purchasing power (such as bitcoin's) and a rapidly increasing value (or deflation of the currency), is not a recipe for its use as a money.  Combine with that the fact that there's just not a whole lot to buy, yet, with bitcoins (relative to say, the dollar).  
However, the current volatility is a symptom of this brand-new commodity achieving widespread adoption and liquidity, such that it can serve as a money.  There are signs that the ebbs and flows, bubbles and crashes are evening out, and will continue to do so.  More and more products and services are available each day in exchange for bitcoins.
Holding/saving bitcoins only (or trading speculatively) will not always be the most attractive thing to do with them. . . market forces will equilibrate the incentives to hold, and to spend your bitcoins.  Give it time;  central planners make things happen immediately, but at great hidden costs. . . unhampered markets grow slowly, but sustainably.  
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:50:26
If it weren't for the Wright Brothers (i.e. the free market) air travel would probably exist eventually, but would have been significantly delayed, maybe our grandkids would have it.
If it weren't for Robert H. Goddard (i.e. the free market), who NASA learned from and even infringed on patents of. . . NASA would be just now learning how to get to the moon.
See what I did there.  I don't believe either of the above statements.  Lots of money and time thrown at R&amp;D (no matter by whom), is going to teach you something (sometimes not what you were expecting to learn).  You made a lot of assertions in your above comment, but none that I've seen backed up by any data set or theory. . . indeed, it is nearly impossible to study what would have or could have been, since that is tantamount to predicting the future.
The concept you are neglecting in your thought process is that of *opportunity cost*.  Lots of money can get thrown at researching and developing technologies, and benefits can be had;  so why not spend ALL our money on it?  Why not spend every cent we have, except what is absolutely necessary to obtain subsistence amounts of food and water?  Some people might actually like that. . . no doubt.  Many wouldn't want that, and couldn't cope with the costs.  You see, each individual must look at the opportunity costs of what they could have bought, had they not spent that one more bitcoin (or if the government had not taxed and spent that one more dollar of theirs) on R&amp;D.  Only individuals can decide what is best for them.  No entity, including the magical government can do that for people; for "society"; without creating havoc upon what most of the millions of people who they are making decisions for, would have chosen.
Some would argue that their government is not spending nearly enough on R&amp;D.  The great thing about a truly free market, is that since people's needs would be being met more efficiently (due to avoiding this calculation problem of central planning that I outlined above); the bulk of society would have reached a standard of living more quickly which allowed them to have the excess wealth to invest (directly or indirectly) into development of new technologies. . . and thus virtuous cycle of exploding wealth due to new tech and new tech due to expendable wealth, would probably have occurred much sooner than later.
@_date: 2013-07-24 04:01:20
Are you saying that this ruling could be used as precedent to classify bitcoin as a security instead of a money, thus putting ALL bitcoin transactions (even small person to person amounts) under the jurisdiction and scrutiny of the SEC?
From your comment below: 


I never imagined it would go that way, but now that I see it, it makes sense for them to use that avenue to effectively price the average american out of "legal" use of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-01-31 20:34:09
Thanks for linking to that.  Because Doug French makes a good case against the claim made by some Austrians that Bitcoin fails the test of the regression theorem (that is that a money must be traceable back to some commodity or use value).  And that bitcoin supposedly has no use value and is therefore doomed to collapse back to zero.
I think it is important to realize, as Doug French points out, that the cryptography that makes up a bitcoin did and does have use value (albeit to a small group of people), and is now being adopted more widely because it is being seen as the most marketable good (and the one which has properties best suited for use as a currency, i.e. scarcity, fungibility, transportability, homegeneity, etc.).
Too many people simply cannot get their minds wrapped around this idea of a virtual equivalent of a commodity; they cannot see the prior use-value of the cryptography and network protocol which makes up/facilitates a bitcoin, and which allows it to be a proper money even by the most stringent Misesian/Mengerian standards.
@_date: 2013-07-19 15:01:50
True dat.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:27:30
Even as a bitcoin (and Jon Matonis) fanboy. . .  it is important to contemplate the reality that bitcoin's use-value (or what some people refer to as "intrinsic value"), is primarily in the network/network effect, and not in the unit of currency or any sub-division of it.  
Doug Casey's point (which Jon Matonis never really addressed) is that the number of crypto-currency networks that could arise, could certainly prove a challenge to the scarcity and thus the value of the commodity (which is again, the network, not the unit of coin).
I don't see litecoin or any other alt-coin catching up or overtaking bitcoin anytime soon . . . in other words there are other forces at play keeping the bitcoin (and it's network) scarce. . .  but certainly nothing absolute.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:46:05
Does it seem a distinct possibility to anyone else, that the FBI had better employ their best security tactics and methods to keeping the encrypted wallet and/or the private key secure. . .otherwise one of the many many people in that bureau who will have contact or access to that file will be very tempted (and probably able to) siphon off some or all of the bitcoin?
In the event that that person is even prosecuted for the theft; it then sets court precedent for treating bitcoin as property and protecting it as such.
Good luck FBI;  bitcoin is tyrannophobic
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:15:25
Move it out of the U.S., if that's where you currently are.  
The U.S. federal mafia has made it difficult; nearly impossible to operate a profitable exchange here, let alone most other aspects of running a business.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:27:06
Personally, I don't trust them because of their funny accents.  I think I'll build my own.
@_date: 2013-03-21 02:30:16
My wife would like to start a support group with your wife.
@_date: 2013-08-20 05:10:38
I think that the most widely held opinion right now is that you treat any bitcoin gains (i.e if and after you sell for fiat) as capital gains.  
If you were to earn income in bitcoins, but not "cash back out" for fiat. . . I have no idea, but I would suspect you would be expected to report those earnings manually, and convert to the value of the USD-BTC exchange rate at the time of earning.  
The U.S. government has, for all intents and purposes, recognized bitcoin as money (judicially and in the executive branch).  Germany has also.  But even so. . . good luck prosecuting theft.  The pseudo-anonymity of bitcoin is a double-edged sword.  Keep in mind that bitcoin is merely a protocol, on top of which can be built further services, protocols, and front-end user experiences.
@_date: 2013-08-06 10:57:42
I certainly can't call anyone out for narcissism without hypocrisy.
@_date: 2013-02-17 00:41:58
Nice work.  There may come a time soon when restaurants and other businesses seek you out to consult on implementing bitcoin payments and accounting.   Next time I'm in Vegas, will definitely stop by one of your places to support.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:05:55
Decreased consumption, typically, yes.  But increased savings and subsequent production.  Producing things makes us wealthy, not consuming them.  It's funny that the same people who usually espouse the view that deflation is evil, are the same one's complaining about our consumerism and culture today.
Deflation, along with higher market interest rates signals to producers and provides the incentives to think long-term, and lengthen the structures of production.  Industry gets the bad wrap a lot for being short sighted and incapable of taking on projects of longevity, such as we imagine only governments can have the foresight to undertake. . . when really they are just products of the inflationary monetary system.
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:49:57
Madoff is not being made to work until he makes them whole (or ages and dies first) and supporting his own living expenses in the process.  In the mean time, we are all actually PAYING for him to be locked up on a cage, where he cannot do anything at all to make restitution.  Not to mention that we are paying huge sums for the most oppressive financial regulatory and enforcement system in the entire world, and getting nothing to show for it; in fact it seems to enable scams rather than allowing more market competition which is an altogether better way of weeding that behavior out (not perfect, of course, but certainly better).  In fact, many people are placing these risky bets/investments for their retirement, precisely due to the highly controlled nature of the monetary system, which dis-incentivizes savings, and makes any savings worth less over time; compelling people to seek out more risky investments, in a highly controlled and thus cartelized and incomprehensible financial system, which inevitably leads to Madoff type situations.
How does this system make ANY sense to anyone?  
So what if he can't pay all of it back? . . some is better than none.  Someone smart enough and connected enough to swindle people for large amounts of money, also tends to have a lot of marketable legitimate skills which they can employ to repay their victims.  They are incentivized to do this as quickly as possible so that they can regain their freedom.
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:12:21
Once the bitcointip feature is widespread enough, you can create a swearjar bot that automatically deducts a tip from the user's bitcointip account. . . .if they accept, of course.
Only use your power for good, my friend. . .
@_date: 2013-04-26 05:30:43
Awesome, thank you!!  I always like to pay forward. . . what, in your mind, are the best causes or institutions who could use a donation along the lines of promoting bitcoin job markets?
@_date: 2013-01-30 18:13:57
At the risk of coming across as snarky or condescending. . . well I'll say it anyway: 
I'm surprised to see that there is, or even could be, a debate about this within the bitcoin community.  
Anyone who understands why bitcoin is successful and who understands why it (and/or other cryptocurrencies) will continue to be successful, should know that it is precisely due to the fact that, the protocol and nature of the beast itself allows only voluntary and decentralized governance.
What the hell does anyone mean by "can we govern ourselves with digital technology and collaboration?"  Obviously, the move away from "big complex" to the "small and fast" is a good thing; but bitcoin is more than that - it is a move from the involuntary monopoly to the voluntary market.
If anyone here had any doubts that digital technology and collaboration will be able to successfully govern the bitcoin society. . . . I wonder what that person is doing here.  
Hate to break it to you, but there isn't much that you or I can to do change that reality about bitcoin, even if you or I wanted to.  Whether we like it or not. . . welcome to anarchy, where only the best laws (or code implementations) are economically feasible and are a natural byproduct of the voluntary exchanges that each user makes.  Good law and regulation enforces itself and all others fall by the wayside.
@_date: 2013-05-24 21:56:39
I probaly don't disagree with you regarding deflation; assuming I am understanding your definition of deflation.  Seeing as very few things are really priced in bitcoin (they are actually priced in fiat, and paid for in bitcoin), I think it is probably futile to nit-pick over the various definitions of deflation and inflation (e.g. a measure of the supply of money, vs. a measure of general price level, vs. a measure of the supply in relation to velocity, etc.) until such time as the unit of bitcoin becomes the primary pricing mechanism.
My point is very simple, and I think, self-evident;  the market clearing price for a good priced in bitcoin will necessarily tend to be lower (generally, or economy-wide) than the price of the same good in fiat.  Why?  Because the price of a bitcoin (in relation to said fiat) is generally going upwards, or you might say, appreciating.  Given this fact;  it is more difficult to get the consumer to divest of his or her bitcoins for a given good, than it is to get them to divest of their fiat.  
We are seeing this generally:  I see it myself in my own service, you see it with bitcoinstore.com, you see it on bitmit, you really see it everywhere.  Now of course, there are other factors, such as the fact that credit card fees are eliminated. . . and yes, there's even the propensity to cater to a bitcoin crowd in whatever way possible.  But it should be very evident to anyone that, these and other factors aside, you're not going to sell much in bitcoin if you don't offer a discounted rate over the straight fiat price.  I don't see how you can label this as "intervention", or say that this is "proof that the bitcoin economy doesn't work". . . .doesn't work for whom?  It works great for me!  I get lower-priced goods, which I would otherwise not pay for in bitcoin, because my bitcoins are appreciating.  How is this a bug and not endemic to the system?
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:55:52
Why is it logical to assume that OP was referencing $1 trillion of today's purchasing power, when he/she did not make any mention of the market cap as a percentage of total economy, but of a dollar value?
@_date: 2013-11-10 03:31:26
It's very simple.  Context.
I don't day trade.  I don't turn down great buying opportunities when they come along either, but I don't fret about the volatility.  I remain confident that bitcoin has a much much higher long-run value.  I say "little swings" in that context.  
I say  "largest sell-off in probably a month" to justify the reason for the post.
I said "here comes correction" in the context of being tongue-in-cheek and sassy towards the many here who get upset at every price-benchmark posting.  I think it is humorous that it is such a 1st world problem to some people; to simply not read or skip over such postings.  When I posted it, I didn't know, or care whether this was a bear trap or the start of a more sustained downward trend.  Still a good opportunity, in my mind, to buy, for the short term, and the long term.
@_date: 2013-11-08 21:10:36


Well, it's true that I have never actually read any direct commentary about bitcoin by any MMT economists; but from everything that I know about the thought school, bitcoin is completely antithetical to your view of the function of money in society (at least in the current fiat monetary regimes), and the ability to target full employment.
Correct me where I'm wrong;  and certainly it's possible that practically speaking, the MMT crowd is ambivalent towards bitcoin because they do not feel it will have an impact on the current monetary systems. . . but at least from a philosophical viewpoint, surely you would view bitcoin as detrimental to a functioning modern economy?


Can you enlighten me on that one?  What are the important features of a fiat currency and which ones are shared with bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-08-10 23:06:48
Hmmm....what better metric could there be for calling something 'revolutionary' than that it is not backward compatible.  Bitcoin is revolutionary *because* it could not be derived from fiat systems and essentially avoids compatibility with the old ways; requiring people to rethink money altogether.
This leads me to believe that the next real revolution in money is a long way off, and if we are alive when it comes, we may be among those who do not see its value initially.
Democracy is two wolves and a sheep deciding what's for dinner...I'm not convinced that that accurately describes the free choice that individuals have to accept of or reject the various BTC clients, or the use of BTC altogether.  Bitcoin is, perhaps, what westerners delude themselves into believing democracy could be.
@_date: 2013-09-10 03:27:15
Possible?  Sure.  Certain procedures with coins and/or how one acquires them, (as well as potential future implementations of zerocoin), can make it easier to avoid paying taxes on earnings, in much the same way that cash paid under the table already does so.  But for the most part, people who earn bitcoin will still most likely pay taxes on their earnings, for much the same reasons that they do now on their fiat earnings; threat of imprisonment, force of habit, culture, and a belief that taxes are necessary for a civilized society.
Do I think it's a good idea for the US Gov't to tax them?  No.  I hope for bitcoins (along with other technologies) to lead society in a peaceful and gradual transition toward a society in which the provision of all goods and services are handled in a voluntary, and largely decentralized manner.  No tumultuous period of failure/disruption of public services necessary, and no caging people and threatening them necessary. . . any more than people need to be threatened to buy food, housing, or electronics for themselves.  It is purely up to governments how smoothly this goes, but it is inevitable.  The more they fight the collapse of the 'nation-state' and centrally controlled democracy model, the more pain and suffering they will cause; especially for those employed or supported by government programs.  Instead, they could embrace their obsolescence, and participate in a smoother transition.  This is not likely to happen.  Bitcoin at least helps to protect those who are wise enough to embrace it and utilize the anonymity it can provide, and the insulation from fiat currency, from the worst effects of the state's death throes.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 05:01:52
Your incredulous sarcasm completely invalidates the argument for bitcoin being a safety valve for human beings to escape the worst of the horrific effects of governments and their monetary mismanagement.
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:27:00
I don't know, Kevin.  I look at that two year chart for bitcoin and I see every reason to hold on to mine, regardless of whether there is another "crash" of the price.
Small minds, small timelines. . . just like Digg.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:13:19
I think you'll be able to pay for 50,000 meals for the homeless at Sean's Outpost, with 1 bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-05 06:10:09
I'm holding out for the luxury flying car, personally.
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:54:15
$9, 15, 10, 11, 21, 36, 98, 178, 220, 110, 130, 270 ...   ( : 
I don't do the day trading thing.  I'm in for the long run, so as far as I'm concerned; bitcoins are a steal at all those rates, and many rates yet to come.
@_date: 2013-07-23 23:29:43
Not seeing your reply above. . . not showing up in this thread for me, anyways.
I don't follow how you made that leap.  Can you explain what you think my argument was, and how what I said necessarily requires a 100% tax on inheritances?
In fact, I was not making any argument from libertarian or any philosophy;  I was simply setting the record straight regarding the doctrine, and how that doctrine is arrived at by libertarians.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:03:46
A very valid question, and I think that the answer (for most people) is that it is not currently yet easier or safer to transact with bitcoins, in person.  That being said, there's the old situation of needing to settle up with friends after a dinner, and you don't have cash or exact change.
The answer I think is another one of those:  "well bitcoin is young and there's still a lot of development that needs to take place".
I think that services and wallets and clients will be developed which will utilize NFC and other such technologies; making it easier, quicker, and safer to carry and use BTC instead of cash.
While not likely;  there is also the possibility (even in a world without government fiat) of still using paper currencies, or other deposit/bank notes which would serve as physical proxies to bitcoin. . . backed by bitcoin.  
We will also very likely see bitcoin credit/debit cards; with all the conveniences of these types of systems, but backed by a more sound currency.
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:00:07
To regulate is to control.  At least to control a portion of something.
Also,  I'm not talking about bitcoin use being widespread, necessarily.  I'm talking about bitcoin being used (however widespread or limited that use may be) as a primary unit of account....in other words, where the user valuates things in their mind in BTC, in the same way that you currently probably think in terms of dollars (or whatever your local currency is).
That simple change makes a huge impact on the fiat/btc price fluctuations, as this exchange is no longer the primary driver of valuations, but is rather the goods and services available, and how much of them can be had for your bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:15:08
I'm confident in bitcoin's moneyness, and its future continued success; but gold price parity doesn't give Peter Schiff of any of the gold bugs the finger for at least a couple of reasons:
The unit - 1BTC - and 1oz of gold, are completely arbitrary to one another.  And yes, I totally get the symbolic significance of this. . . but we also have to realize that Schiff's and others' arguments are not that bitcoin could never reach gold parity; indeed they predict bitcoin will continue to spike and crash repeatedly (difference being, they see some unspecified event or market force which will begin to trend it downward in the long run or that it would crash completely one of these times, to zero).
Their arguments are not based on empirical evidence primarily, and usually based instead (sometimes very loosely) on theoretical constructs of the origins of money and its development on the market.  Their core arguments (see Carl Menger on money and Mises' regression theorem) have been addressed and shown repeatedly to misapply these economists' theories to bitcoin (see Peter Surda and Konrad Graff), and misunderstand the nature of value and the value that others see in bitcoin.
There has already been enough discussion/debate on this that these falsehoods should have been put to rest...nevertheless they persist.
And so it does no good to stoop to the inconsistencies of those who ignorantly attack bitcoin.  Let's show the world, empirically and on consistent theoretical grounds how revolutionary bitcoin truly is.
@_date: 2013-04-03 23:06:53
With as much money as the exchanges are, or could be making right now and the demand. . . it should strike even the casual observer as a little strange that little if any competition has cropped up as alternative services to mt. gox and the other existing exchanges.
The more discerning mind will look at the recent "guidelines" put out by FinCEN which place great financial burden upon bitcoin exchanges by this decree.  It is obvious that few, if any entrepreneurs who may have otherwise had plans to start up and exchange or similar service will now be able to afford such ventures.  This plus the general uncertainty of what the governments of the world and their central banks could or might do next.
And just like the rest of our quasi-fascist economies, we now have the problems of central planning manifesting themselves in the bitcoin economy.  The large and connected institution is ensconced, and the competition is kept out. . . and the propensity among most to blindly infer market failure; or express some nebulous connection between the current failings and the profit motive and efficient, peaceful dealings between mutually gaining parties.
But sure. . . what we need is just less greed, less profiteering, less using scarce resources in the most efficient ways possible, incentivized by profit and guided by uninhibited market prices.  That will solve the problem. 
Forgive me if I've completely misconstrued your intended message; but this is the perfect opportunity to try to get people to pull their heads out of their asses and try to correctly understand economics enough to see how destructive the monopoly state is with its threats of force and coercion.
Make no mistake people. . . the powers that be might not be able to completely stop the usage of bitcoin; but they have already (with mere strokes of a pen) created ripple effects and unintended (or maybe intended) consequences which have negatively impacted the usefulness of the bitcoin network and the value that could have been derived.
@_date: 2013-07-23 23:38:11


It's not really a scenario, so much as spelling out the logical means and ends available to the political entity.  You are correct that I could very well have made some assumptions that are not true or negated by other factors.  I am happy to hear which ones specifically you think are thus, and discuss them.


Indeed.  And since they are the only entity available (and allowed) to do so, I supposed it is better than nothing, given the current circumstances.  But the very act of them prosecuting this also has effect on propagating the current circumstances. . . which suck.


I agree.  I cannot blame government for people's anti-social behaviors.  I can blame government for monopolizing on, and thus limiting (by force and threat of force) my options and the options of other people, in regards to what we do with our money, and whom we hire to protect or regulate our investments from criminals and the unscrupulous.


I don't trust the bitcoin ecosystem any more because of this.  Can you explain why you think others might?  More importantly; for those for whom this does create more trust, can you explain how that trust is not founded on a false pretense, as I explained it in my comments above?  Would that kind of trust be a good thing ultimately?
@_date: 2013-10-20 20:05:08
The bigger problem, in my view is that the buyers and sellers in the bitcoin economy might never start pricing goods and services in BTC, instead of a proxy price of the fiat exchange rate.
The volatility will never go away, and bitcoin may lose its appeal and use as a money . . .and ultimately its value, if it cannot serve as a unit of account, in addition to being a medium of exchange.
I don't think that there's a magic number of buyers and sellers that there has to be in the bitcoin economy for it to be healthy; but there does need to be stability in a bitcoin's purchasing power (meaning its exchange value for products and services), and so the ties to the dependence upon fiat conversions must be cut or weakened (e.g. more people need to earn bitcoins as their primary income, rather than just buying them from exchanges, and also begin to price their own goods or services in a fixed BTC amount, instead of floating it to the exchange rate).
@_date: 2013-02-01 02:28:45
I don't agree.
The public/private key cryptography which is the principle element of bitcoin (don't want to say "of A bitcoin" since that really isn't such a thing. . . just a ledger), was used and was valued and useful to many people, before they realized that this cryptographic commodity could be minted (i.e. altered slightly for a specific purpose) to produce a virtual commodity with good monetary properties.  
Think PGP, for example.  Same thing really as bitcoin; there's nothing fundamentally different between the two.  PGP provided/provides value through privacy and the ability to sign or confirm a message, where there wasn't this ability before.  This same element is now being used as a currency. . . . just as raw gold panned from a river doesn't make very good currency (though it has use value to some industry), but when we mint it into coins and verify its weight and purity, it becomes even more valuable than the raw element.
I really fail to see why this is intellectually dishonest.  I think it is a paradigm shift in thinking about virtual goods in way analogous to physical goods, so that we can apply correct economic principles (such as the regression theorem) to them. 
@_date: 2013-08-20 16:13:39
@_date: 2013-10-09 13:53:49
Satoshi seems to understand economics....Maitreya doesn't.  Puny god.
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:51:28
I've had some luck with that, but unless you have a pretty chunk of change in fiat to start with on Gox, you run out real quickly and it takes time and a significant percentage of your arbitrage in fees to get that cash moved from bitfloor to Gox.  Likely, there is already plenty of arbitrage going on between the exchanges.
All told, I've come to the conclusion that a 10% spread between the two exchange prices is going to be the norm unless it gets significantly cheaper to get fiat into them.
@_date: 2013-08-12 20:43:32
Honey Badger Candy Bars with QR code prize on inside of wrapper - $105
Fooling your way out of being an MSB with a vending machine ... Priceless.
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:03:34
I (sadly) agree with your assessment.  Just look at the damaging effects that the simple FinCen "guidelines" have had on the bitcoin economy already.  We see these effects in lack of competition and growth in exchanges.
A simple decree (while it could never kill bitcoin completely) could keep it  the domain of crypto-geeks forever.  I don't think that people should underestimate the unity which the majority of governments around the world will display in treating bitcoin as a grave threat.  In this thing their interests are very well aligned.
For anyone who feels that the public will somehow be brazen enough to maintain interest in the bitcoin currency after a government decree;  I need only point you to one recent event to show you how pathetic and dependent and cowardly people are, and how they cheer their oppressors:  the martial law situation which was just inflicted upon Boston. . . .all to find a 19 year old boy who murdered a few people with a pressure cooker.
@_date: 2013-08-20 22:16:41
+ALL verify
@_date: 2013-05-30 23:45:00


Sorry, but I've gotta call people out on this, whenever they throw that word around, and trust me, I'm not trying to just go all Ayn Rand on you.  There's much more nuance to this if you're willing to listen:  
All purposeful human action is self-interested, including the most altruistic acts.  I can kind of see why people make a distinction between means employed for ends which do not involve money (e.g. risking one's life to save a child from a burning building), vs. means employed for monetary ends (e.g. getting a job as a rescue worker).  Not trying to upend all of our cultural norms or anything, but really, there's no difference here in terms of economics. . . or the outcomes still follow the same basic economic laws.  A person saves a child from a burning car for no money, and even suffering great pain and maybe death, because they value the ends and their psychological gain they will receive from the transaction.  Or a person rescues people for a living because he/she values the things that the money will buy (and is probably additionally motivated in certain circumstances by the "altruism").  These acts are fundamentally no different, we've just been conditioned to see them as different;  outcomes don't care about intentions, outcomes are outcomes.  Trying to limit the rescuing children to strictly non-"greedy" means, and not as a money-making endeavor, would severely reduce the number of children saved, I guarantee you.  
Now, I guarantee you that as much as you believe that millionaires and billionaires of the world don't need that much money; I've lived among people who believe to the same degree that you do not need as much money as you live on (assuming you are even poor or middle class in a 1st world country).  The tendency of the human mind is to have nearly limitless designs and uses for our resources, and we always use up our wealth for desired ends.  Forget money.  Money is neutral. . . it is simply a medium through which we more efficiently interact with our fellow humans, like waves through water. 
Greed, or the acting on the desire for more wealth is never an issue, so long as both parties transact voluntarily.  Greed becomes an issue, when we sanction any people or group of people to use physical force, or fraud to coerce a transaction upon other people.  How can anyone's greed possibly harm you unless they defraud or use violence against you?  That's not to completely dismiss any and all emotional and psychological damage and manipulation that people can inflict upon one another, but it does recognize that these things cannot force a person to think in a certain way, in the same way that using violence can actually force a person to act in a certain way that they otherwise would not have.  I will admit that I am a very greedy person, but I have never made a mBTC in my life without providing an equal (as perceived by the other party) amount of wealth in exchange.  This is true for all people everywhere unless they have used force, or threatened it, to get what they want.
This is not banks, nor wall street fat cats, nor mount gox. . . this is government.  They are the only ones that so many people sanction to use force, and there are always unintended consequences.  Mt. Gox has a near monopoly because of existing laws and regulations surrounding fiat moneys.  Only to be recently more ensconced in their position due to the FinCen guidelines and subsequent saber-rattling.  Who can afford to comply with the fiat regime's arbitrary standards, but the already existing and established firms?  This same effect (on a much larger scale and in many more permutations) is what has caused the world that you see around you where the greed of banks and wall street does affect you negatively, and where the rich get richer.  It doesn't matter if a company's sole purpose is to make money off the bitcoin economy itself;  they can do no such thing without equally enriching the participants in the bitcoin economy.  Mt. Gox hasn't made it harder to trade fiat for BTC. . . they have simply enjoyed the lack of competition created by the powers which you give moral sanction to threaten violence against others.
Bitcoin is already money.  If there does someday develop a market for bitcoin banks and financial institutions; the only harm they can cause will have been enabled or created by government or governments; not by something endemic to banking itself or certainly not because of greed.
Insofar as the bitcoin economy eludes or evades governmental control, it will remain a much more egalitarian economic structure than those still wallowing in government fiat.  Wars are waged by governments (or people in governments) who do not bear the costs of their war-mongering.  Government's must tax and inflate the currency base in order to finance their wars.  Bitcoin likely puts a dent in direct taxation methods, and definitely puts a full-stop to the inflation tax. . . . explain to me how bitcoin does NOT solve this problem!  Many countries around the world are hostile towards the U.S. because it has long held them hostage to using their petro-dollar, and as the world's reserve currency.  The U.S. has used it's military might and economic might to keep any countries from not using its petro-dollar.  This has lead to much blowback for american citizens and caused much turmoil around the world.  Bitcoin could give these country's a more peaceful out, than say, developing nuclear weapons.  How does bitcoin not solve the real problem here?  The real problem is the state.  Take it or leave it, bitcoin weakens the state.
TL;DR?   don't read it.  ideas worth their salt can't be learned in 10 second blurbs.  take learning how bitcoin works, for example.
@_date: 2013-07-23 23:01:08
Political entities, in the long run, require public support and consent in order to maintain their existence and/or increase their funding.  They do not, nor cannot seek legitimacy by providing a service that is better than or at least up to snuff, than what is being offered by other firms competing in a marketplace.  In other words, their continued existence and thriving does not come by way of people willingly sacrificing their hard earned resources and bearing the opportunity cost of what they otherwise could have done with those resources.
Since we have no reason to believe that those in "public service", (despite the stated intentions of such institutions), are any less motivated to get gain and power (and in fact there is a wealth of empirical evidence showing that they are). . . then in order to increase their funding and power and longevity, they must appeal to the political nature in each member of society; that is, they must create the right perception in the public, which will prompt political action in their elected representatives to draft and pass bills and acts which will favor the particular bureaucracy in question.  In effect, the customer is the politician, not the public.  
What is there in any operation but two things:  Sales and service.  Like any entity, Sales is likely to be a very large portion of the government operation. . .with the added incentive for the governmental institution that service does not need to immediately meet consumer demands (indeed the consumer of a coercive monopoly's service has no other choice, except the means of voting; which has at best, long-term effects, and a very very small probability of affecting the desired outcome, and no way to hold the elected official accountable; other than an even longer term threat of losing the next election).
Therefore, the only means by which the political entity can endure and thrive is to take advantage of, or even create, the "crisis".  The event which triggers an emotional reaction in the public.  An air of authority and moral legitimacy has already been lent to this entity, and it now uses it to filter the appropriate information or perspectives surrounding an incident, in order to create the illusion that they have rescued the public from this great evil (while simultaneously downplaying any incidences of failure as unavoidable, and incidentally further cause to give them more power and funding and scope).
Thus, with the public whipped into an emotional frenzy, fueled by ignorance, and sustained by a false trust in the legitimacy and efficacy of the government, the public may conflate the occurrence of fraud *using bitcoins* with Bitcoin being necessarily a vehicle for fraud.  They will also have reaffirmed in their minds the absolute necessity of this government institution; irrationally fearing the imagined outcomes were this institution not in place; neglecting to see the causes and factors and environment, leading up to the crime, which in fact were created or bolstered by government interference in the first place.  It may also seem, to the uninitiated, that Bitcoin security is indeed "crackable", by the almightly government. . . .that they do indeed have power to simply reach out and seize accounts and bitcoins. . .as this pernicious misunderstanding already circulates among many.
Does that spell it out a little better?
@_date: 2013-11-19 04:09:10
Well, I wouldn't wager much money against you there.  My point was not to try to predict a specific number, but a rough analysis that the percent change with each correction is diminishing, as bitcoiners become more confident in the fact that the price always returns and that these bubbles and crashes are part of the ride. . . so to just hang on long-term.
@_date: 2013-11-16 21:01:38
You're right.  It is a game;  a sick fucking game that the state and its shills play with people's lives and money and property.
I especially love how my world-view is constantly (and falsely) equated to a "might makes right" and "law of the jungle" view; and yet the truth comes out when sadistic state-worshipers like you reveal your love for doing harm to those who have done none to other people; hiding behind some imagined authority of "society" or the majority.
Fuck your "laws" and your game.  They are not my laws, and I refuse to play.  Oh, and by the way, I have never used a substance deemed "illicit" in my entire life, and probably never will, nor have I ever purchased anything from the silk road.  But you people who think its a good idea to mess with other people's lives can go to hell.
Your world is crumbling and your use of bitcoin (assuming you do use it) is accelerating that, whether you like it or not.
@_date: 2013-12-28 19:07:21
Can we get a relief fund started for Mr. Brian Rogers, for when his financial world crumbles?
@_date: 2013-08-20 01:13:41
One of the most exciting things to look forward to, in years to come, will be the recanting and 180deg. change in opinion of so many people like this author, who will be forced to admit that (just like the mostly-anarchic ecosystem of the internet) the Bitcoin economy creates a world of so much possibility and innovation and new hazards and solutions that any person with half a pulse, a spark of adventure and curiosity, will cry for this monetary system to remain free, in the same way that people now fight to retain freedom and neutrality of the internet itself.
@_date: 2013-08-06 11:05:14
good catch.  and of course I don't think anyone would think you are being unfairly biased for doing that. . . repeat sub is repeat sub.
@_date: 2013-06-27 01:08:52
Is it possible that a lot of people simply agree with what you consider "batshit crazy", and are thus upvoting these comments?
You linked to an example, but I don't know which comment(s) you consider the crazy ones.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:21:40
This is very important right now and much needed.  I will likely discontinue purchasing from companies, or using exchanges who do not hire services like this to audit and help secure their servers and client-side software.
To do this right; they need to ensure that the contract with bitcomsec (or other competitor), includes some liability for loss and theft. . .some skin in the game.  Then it gets real.  Then bitcoin services start to be ready for the average person, or at least ready for the killer app that makes it accessible to the average person.
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:10:51
The average user's computer and browser are too insecure to possibly make this a viable option for anything but very small amounts of bitcoin; which creates, at the very least, the necessity for the user to still know how to frequently deposit bitcoin into Kryptokit from a more secure wallet which holds the majority of their funds (i.e. paper wallets, armory on a offline computer, bitcoin qt on a secure machine backed up, etc.).  Brain wallets are not secure (at least for the long term) against brute-force attacks.  The users browser and computer can and will be easily compromised by trojans, keyloggers, and screencapture.
Whether people like it or not, the near and medium-term future of bitcoin use by the mainstream/layperson is going to have to be a function of trusted 3rd party services, which are independently audited for security and insured against thefts, hacks, and losses.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:47:41
My examples were well within the range of the typical human experience. . . upon which the majority of economic interactions are predicated.  It was not a reductio ad absurdum.
I'm still curious as to where an economist should draw the line between a biologically/intrinsically valuable thing, and one which is not.  Because if you're looking in the realm of air, water, food, health-care. . . I don't know of any monies which were ever made up of units of these things or  backed directly by these things (gold certainly isn't); thus the point about bitcoin not being backed by things of "intrinsic" value seems moot.
@_date: 2013-04-03 22:25:04
Yes, but those investments will be denominated in BTC assets and/or an economy built on bitcoin (a deflating currency), not in dollars anymore.  Therefore there is gain to be had on top of the increasing purchasing power of each bitcoin, for no more risk than similar classes of investments offer today.  I don't see this disincentivizing investing at all, but causing it to flourish and branch out.
It's not as if bitcoin is forever and in perpetuity going to have these current levels of adoption by percentage, as we are these days.  We're talking about a slowly deflating currency. . . not one which is perpetually in a price discovery phase. . because it is a completely novel idea and asset class as bitcoins are today.
You're making a huge logical leap between this type of a situation and ". . would funnel the money to a handful at the top, and leave everyone fighting over tiny bits of coins."
Maybe you could describe the mechanism by which you see that happening.
By historical accounts, we've seen exactly the opposite happening in economies with hard currencies. . . and conversely, all we need to do is look at our economy today to see that an inflationary currency definitely provides a mechanism whereby wealth is funneled to the "top".  The rich and politically connected get richer, because they receive these infusions of cash and credit first, and derive the benefits of this money, before it diffuses into the wider economy, sending prices upward.  By the time the poor and middle class see this money, prices have already risen (and disproportionately to wages).
@_date: 2013-03-31 04:45:10
Interesting. . . I knew that was possible for a type of escrow on bitcoin transactions. . . but I can't imagine how code could possibly determine whether actuarial criteria have been met, without some human administration of it.
Do you have any reading on this?
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:51:58
You won't by chance be delivering pizzas, will you?
@_date: 2013-07-06 19:44:14
I agree,  but my point was that volatility  will also decrease when the  way that bitcoin is used shifts... A change  more fundamental than just increased liquidity. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:21:07
Short it.  no really.  I truly hope that you and Gary North, and other critics are shorting it.  Society is better off when those who successfully predict what market actors want are rewarded.
All the best!
@_date: 2013-06-21 04:35:31
Oy! to the world.
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:54:33
Your's and Adam Smith's observation is not incorrect (and highly applicable to why gold first, and now bitcoin, make great monies).
However, the explanation of this phenomenon has been developed far beyond Smith and more refined.  It was called the Marginal Revolution.  In terms of marginal utility, we understand that exchange value and use value, are in the end, not really two separate things, but all stem from the fact that value is subjective, and is not inherent to things, but imputed to things by acting individuals.  Even life itself is valued very differently by different people.  A price (or an exchange rate) is not value itself, but does tend to express a kind of aggregated, or least-common-denominator value that economic actors place upon an object or service.  We cannot say that a diamond has, across the board, more or less exchange value than water.  Likewise, we cannot say, across the board, that water has less or greater use-value than diamonds.
Look at it this way: 
If the world was experiencing a great water shortage, and many people were dying of thirst; not only would a glass of water serve a greater use (use-value) for most people, but even a very small cup of it would probably fetch a higher price (exchange-value) than even a 1 carat diamond.  Conversely, if I have plenty of water to satisfy my comfort, but I'm trying to get a girl to marry me; I have much greater use value for a diamond than I do for truckloads and truckloads of water.  If I'm trapped in a steel box, I might value a diamond more than any amount of water, because even if I get some water, I will die eventually  if I don't get out. . . a diamond might help me cut my way out (probably a technically stupid example, I know, but you get my point).  Water doesn't necessarily or inherently have greater use-value than a diamond.  
You have to look at things in units.  Even in our present day circumstances, water itself could have both more use value and exchange value than a diamond; if the corresponding units we're talking about are 1 cubic hectare, and 1 carat, respectively.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:43:41
Except he and the other anti-bitcoin Austrians keep refusing to acknowledge and respond to the works of Konrad Graff and Peter Surda, who have fully put to rest the claims of no use-value, and the Mengerian critique in general.
Gary North is just a gold bug who has not logically and consistently analyzed bitcoin, and doesn't understand its the technology and its uses.  
Predictably, he does not see that the volatility is decreasing.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:44:28
Governance needs no reform!  The social democratic nation state is the highest social institution and model of governance which will ever be achieved and only minor tweaks, made through the approved channels of voting and petitioning whitehouse.gov, may affect the course of human affairs.  No other model is legitimate.  Do not ask questions.
@_date: 2013-12-28 21:29:13
Too true.
@_date: 2013-07-23 22:36:07
If you're just trolling. . . .well done, on this thread.  I really can't tell.
@_date: 2013-10-05 21:42:09
I think they should be given back to the SR users from whom they were stolen.  If those users want to give to charity, that would be great.
@_date: 2013-10-11 13:45:46
The assertion is not that you would have seen, historically, societies which used barter as their primary means of exchange.  The economist's story about money developing out of barter, is a thought exercise, illustrating that humans, with our large neo-cortexes, intuitively perceive a solution to the inefficiencies of trying to deal with the problem double coincidence of wants in trade.  Credit, in fact, may have developed even before formal moneyies and in place of barter.  In any case, money and barter likely developed together in most societies...but money being the logical, market-produced alternative to the inefficiency of barter.  An economist is answering a very different question than an anthropologist.
I highly suggest reading more into the Mengerian theories of the development of currencies from commodities.  Complement this with the work of Peter Surda, who offers valuable insight into how bitcoin fits perfectly within these praxeological models of money and regression theorem of its value.
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:16:48
I just don't think this is significantly more convenient to use than, say, Blockchain.info's wallet on my phone;  it does do the 1-click, and address extracting functions, and all integrated with the web browser where most shopping/transactions will take place. . . maybe I'm just a little underwhelmed by this improvement upon other web-wallets, because we've seen it coming for so long and talked about it.  This has been the natural and expected next step, and by no means a technically difficult one to deliver.
But again, my main contention is simply this:  where does the "back pocket"-size amount of bitcoin come from, which you deposit into kryptokit, if not from a more secure wallet holding your main stash?  The user needs to know how to securely and regularly make that transaction from the "bank account" to the web wallet, since it must be constantly replenished with small amounts of funds, otherwise, none of the web wallets are useful.  That is the real challenge for software developers and service providers;  invest in and develop secure and user-friendly banking services for bitcoin, which are audited, and insured.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:46:00
To the earth!  (on my phone and don't feel like figuring out how to do the little ASCII guy)
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:55:22
How do I know when others are being greedy/fearful?  Can you measure and quantify that for me?
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:31:16
If you're interested in correlation of economic downturns and deflation, you're going to find that (to great extent), in regards to modern debt-based economies.  You can do your own google searches.
But then what does that have have to do with a bitcoin economy?
You might post your question to @_date: 2013-08-31 00:22:58
The hedonics surrounding alpaca socks could get intense.
In all seriousness, a CPI will tell us nothing about the bitcoin economy, that the dept. of labor's CPI is already telling us (assuming they are being as accurate and consistent as a bitcoin survey would be)....because nobody is denominating prices in BTC yet.  Nobody is making economic calculations with it.  Just proxies for USD prices.
@_date: 2013-11-15 05:16:18
If there was ever a use for MS Paint . . . .this is it.
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:14:05
The [wild west actually wasn't very wild]( and worked pretty well, in fact, given the little resources that most communities had.
The behavior of pirate has very little to do with bitcoin, or the bitcoin economy (which to be sure hasn't even had time nor scope to really impact any major markets, nor culture), and has almost everything to do with the nature and incentives and moral hazards present in the over-regulated present fiat economy and legal structure.  
Pirate's operation, being as it was under the control and jurisdiction of the SEC and purchased primarily through fiat, means that we should at the very least, also be looking at who we have "hired" (not like we had a choice) to regulate securities and financial instruments and take a good hard look at why they keep failing to do so, until its too late (e.g. this, Madoff), and why it is so very compelling  and easy for fraudsters to take advantage of others in this over-regulated system.
Perhaps it is time to try a little bit of "Wild West" again, and see if market pressures and institutions can't do a little better in protecting people's money from the unscrupulous.  
@_date: 2013-10-05 17:59:24
You're probably right.  I had just heard someone conjecture that these bitcoins were SR's hot wallet, and so, at least 1 digital copy exists somewhere, on one of the seized server hard drives, that they would have to keep safe in physical "evidence" storage.
I would think this data will have also been accessed at some point during the seizure, to determine that they did indeed have the wallet file and what the address(es) are.  One of the forensic computer scientists could have easily made a copy of the private key or the wallet file.
@_date: 2013-08-22 12:58:09
In Heathrow now, going through customs....been looking for something like this, for a better exchange rate to GBP.  unfortunately (because I hadn't found someone like you) I brought mostly USD, and only have 1.75btc in an accessible wallet right now.
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:04:40
This.  I'll never understand the first world problem of not wanting to simply bypass or ignore posts you find offensive, or annoying.
People feel the need to control, I guess.
@_date: 2013-08-21 02:56:52
Finish that time-machine I've been working on.
Also, would not sell back in to fiat, however, would be tempted to buy more goods and services. . . the interesting question is whether the fiat-&gt;bitcoin price rising will always necessarily entail a rise in direct purchasing power with those bitcoins.  For the time being, it seems those are the forces at play, but the correlation may reveal itself to be less direct or linear than we think it is.  
@_date: 2013-08-20 02:52:31
The bitcoin "officials" will solve that for you.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:37:11
The current regulations may have nothing to do with the peer-to-peer functioning of the bitcoin network; but the bitcoin network is not just a digital thing, it is a human network, and a network of things of real value, physical things, and money (even fiat money; because this is what most people have right now, which they need to trade for bitcoins).  
It is doubtful whether a government could even regulate bitcoin much further than what they've done with the exchanges.  But even this small step of theirs does its damage;  perhaps not to the functioning of the digital network, but definitely to the people and their assets in meatspace.  It completely destroys any chances of startups (not just exchanges but practically any business which will even come close to the fiat economy), thus removing any competition to the current "big" players such as Mt. Gox, ensconcing them in their position and destroying the ability for markets to more thoroughly regulate their behavior (much more so than any government regulatory body could).  
Taken to the extreme, the current regulations could completely kill all of the U.S. based exchanges.  Sorry, but that does do massive damage to the human network.  It makes it very difficult and costly and time consuming (maybe even dangerous) for people to transfer their wealth in to bitcoin; thus stifling it's further adoption.  The U.S. has been the most draconian thus far, but most other countries will surely follow suit.
So what you're essentially saying is that monopolized, coercive regulation is somehow good? Or necessary, or helpful?  Not sure how someone can possibly assert that, or think that government regulators do not have further goals (regardless of whether their intentions are malevolent or good), which will stifle the usefulness of the human bitcoin network and halt its more widespread adoption.
Coercive regulation does not and cannot protect anyone from the type of financial institutions which Satoshi (and probably yourself) want to do away with. . . it creates them!  Just look at the most heavily regulated financial services sector on earth, which is not coincidentally the most corrupt and least productive. . . the U.S.'s.
Bitcoin (nor anything else) does not need regulation by governments; the businesses within the bitcoin economy need market discipline and market regulation; which are destroyed when governments get involved.   Markets allow regulations to be imposed voluntarily; where they truly provide value to the consumer and the producer (people willingly bear a little more cost to have various protections, and businesses willingly submit to regulation which is in line with what consumers want, or lose their business).  Where there is innovation or progress to be made free from voluntary regulations, nothing is there to stop pioneers and willing risk takers from transacting without regulation and thus heuristically determining better ways of doing this and also keeping the regulators honest and up to date with the new innovations, as a matter of survival.
Whether you like it or not; your very use of bitcoin undermines the coercive monopoly which currently (tries to) regulates bitcoin and all other things.  Thank you for supporting agorism and anarchy.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:43:03
Yup.  That's exactly what the author did at the end of the article:


Its probably because in the end, money is a question of Culture: as long as people think that money should be a commodity, they will prefer currencies that allow accumulation, speculation and competition.
In other words:  "Waaaah. . .we don't like your "libertarian wet dreams" that are by all accounts succeeding, so we will continue to put forth our failed mainstream economic ideas and assert that your ideas are succeeding because you all are too stupid to know that they don't work"
@_date: 2013-04-03 21:49:08
Right.  And that's fine.  That's a good thing.  People will still buy things...for the same reason that we buy new consumer electronics...even though we know it will be outdated in 6 months.  Thus only innovation and really good and quality products will drive demand (like you pointed out with Steve Jobs and the iPhone), and savings, thrift, and ultimately efficiency with scarce resources is promoted, and massive capital accumulated to provide wealth and opportunity like we haven't seen for over a centurry.
@_date: 2013-01-12 01:11:59
better yet. . . tear them all off!  people want what they can't have.
 :-P
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:37:29
Not to mention that most of the malfeasance of the "robber barons", and the panics and bank runs can all be pretty squarely attributed to government policies.  
The public schools basically use Upton Sinclair as a text book, and the educated retards that pour out of their halls all think that they are economic historians, capable of extrapolating causation for the various problems.  Surely all would have been well and all the conveniences of modern day would have come to be, a century earlier, if only they had had a central bank, an enlightened nanny-state, and a Krugman to guide them back then.
@_date: 2013-01-23 18:50:50
The answer is:  "42"
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:03:02
Perhaps... But I'm not primarily concerned with "bitcoin succeeding" (whatever that means).  I'm primarily concerned with being able to freely associate and transact with people.
By that measure, bitcoin has already succeeded and will continue to... Even if the band of legitimized thugs scares a lot of people into not participating.
I would like to suggest that you examine closely your economic reasoning (or assumptions) behind the idea that the only way to have utilities, roads, and so-called "public goods" provided for, is via taxation... and more generally, that these things even must be provided for by a monopoly government applying force and threat of force... Not coincidentally, government schools inculcate this false assumption into us at a very young age, and then proceed to do everything they can to avoid the teaching of economics thereafter. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:34:22
We do, we do!
Who controls the British crown?
Who keeps the metric system down?
We do, we do
Who keeps Atlantis off the maps?
Who keeps the Martians under wraps?
We do, we do
Who holds back the elctric car?
Who makes Steve Gutenberg a star?
We do, we do
Who robs gamefish of their site?
Who rigs every Oscar night?
We do, we do
@_date: 2013-12-02 07:08:02
Bitcoin never went to the moon.  
is a CIA plant, and part of the cabal of evil geniuses who control the NSA and Federal Reserve board of governors, who helped to fake the lunar prices, through chem-dust transaction trails in the blockchain.
They want you to daydream about Satoshi man!  they want you to think this is your out; that this is your way to fr
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:19:53


Sure he will. . . but that's just it;  the inevitable outcome of normalizing monetary policy WILL be a collapse in the supply of money as well as another recession or depression.  You cannot shoot yourself up with cocain, in a perpetual high for years, without crashing pretty hard.  There is no getting around it.  All the years of fiscal and monetary stimulus have distorted natural market interest rates (the price of money) such that malinvestments have taken place all over the economy, and at various stages in the production chains; which will take years to sort out (re-allocate resources and trained man-power to where the market actually dictates).  The last recession was arrested in its progress to repair the economy by Bernanke's policies.  This has only delayed the onset of the pain, and probably allowed even greater malinvestment to develop. . . so a greater correction will be needed.
This inevitable outcome will have people blindly crying for more keynesian policy, instead of allowing the painful, but necessary, restructuring to take place.  The Fed and the central government will have produced their own crisis, yet again, and have the ignorant masses begging to be saved, just like during the beginning of the great depression, which prolonged it for a decade.  The hordes of over-educated fools will still insist (no matter how bad or frequent the business cycles under a central bank)that this is better than the "guilded age" of free banking and all the panics that plagued that time period (even though those panics can be attributed to government banking regulations and other manipulations of currency in spite of a lack of a central bank).  More QE will be demanded, and more soak-the-rich taxation and capital-destructive fiscal policy.
TL;DR  invest in a currency or asset which cannot be manipulated by governments or central banks, and which can help you bypass price controls and other regulation. . . .now where could we find such a thing? 
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:16:02
The arguments of nation-states:  "Unicorns exist, because we say they do."
@_date: 2013-08-01 08:19:15
Of course not.  They base them on animal spirits.
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:00:20
And this applies to economists from almost the whole gamut of schools of thought:  from MMT, to Austrians; micro and macro theories, being taken to task. . . or at least forcing most economists to think in new ways and shift their paradigm in order to see how the time-tested maxims still hold true for bitcoin.
EDIT:  I stand corrected about MMT.  According to (see thread below), MMT sees no conflict between their theories on monetary prescriptions for current fiat systems, and the healthy functioning of a largely bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:45:36
Yes, that's what I thought.  Evade and deflect.
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:45:10
It is not the bitcoin network or the algorithms which Throwahoymatie is referring to as one of the parties in this game theory.  It is the various governments of the world (contra the bitcoin users). . . and they most certainly can cooperate or not cooperate.
In the end though, I don't think that it presents much of a dilemma for governments to ban the use of bitcoin (or at least decree such a ban), because the value of bitcoin is in the network.  If just that one or a few nations go counter to all the others and allow bitcoin, that's great for them, but that still severely limits the size and utility of the bitcoin network to mostly those within the borders of that country or those few countries.  A much diminished bitcoin network such as this would surely not be a great incentive which would draw people from all over the world to their shores (due to expenses, culture, logistics, family separations, etc.).
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:11:44
Learn something new every day!  Thanks for that.
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:15:38
Possibly.  However, one must take in to account what the likely purchasing power of $50,000 will be in the year 2043.
On its own (and even barring a major collapse of the fiat currency or loss of its status as world reserve currency), the US dollar is losing quite a bit of purchasing power every year.
On top of it, massive transfers of wealth into bitcoin and other currencies competing with the dollar, will significantly reduce its purchasing power.
I'd wager that in 30 years, the holder of a bitcoin who bought now, will be able to buy a lot more with that bitcoin than they can now. . . however, I don't think it will be a new luxury SUV (or whatever flying-car-equivalent we will have ( ;   ) like you can today with $50,000.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:18:55
And then long term thinkers and experienced investors step in and quickly buy all the relatively cheap coins;  transferring societies wealth from those who squander it to those who are good predicters of consumers' needs (good entrepreneurs) and thus use of society's scarce resources and production takes place in the most efficient way possible.  Everyone in society benefits from this, even the foolish newcomers who bought and sold at the wrong times.
Smart investing is rewarded, so there are market forces counter-acting the ebbs and flows.  And being a "smart" investor gets more and more competitive.  Viewed on a logarithmic scale, the all time chart of bitcoin prices shows just this phenomenon happening; the period between spikes is decreasing, and the amplitude from the mean is decreasing on each spike, and troughs become less severe.  The spikes will begin to merge together, signaling price stability.  Merchants will be able to begin to price items in BTC itself, instead of floating against the fiat exchange price, and employers can begin to pay in units of BTC as well.  This will create a virtuous cycle, whereby the direct earning and spending of bitcoin further promotes price stability.
All is well.  Markets equilibrate.  No central authority needs to save bitcoin, or people from their own short-sightedness.
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:43:23


Right, that's the popular notion. . . but it warrants an explanation.  You can't just say "bitcoin doesn't work because PRISONER'S DILEMMA!"
If you are referring to the paradox of savings, as expounded on by Keynes in his General Theory, then I can see how the game theory applies (or how it tries to be applied) to saving vs. spending.  
If that's the case, then it's only fair that to advance that argument, you also make yourself educated on the counter-argument to this made by [Hazlitt (pg. 91; PDF!)]( Hayek, and others.  It is nothing but a simple, if nefarious oversight of the different parts of the saving process by Keynes, as well as a conflation of nominal and real wealth.  Money is neutral in this context. . .if you understand that, you'll understand the problem with Keyne's argument.  Rendering it inapplicable to the function of a prisoner's dilemma setup.
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:25:24
I must just get lucky, because I routinely generate no-fee transactions, and get 1st confirmation within 10s of minutes
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:27:15
My skepticism to this and (most conspiracy theory) comes from the fact that I highly doubt that GovernmentInc is centrally aware of, and motivated to act against the type of threat that cryptocurrencies pose to their hegemony over money and power.
Just the FBI alone is such a huge bureaucracy, that even if they are specifically trying to stock up on BTC; I would guess they would be doing so, only in an attempt to continue pursuing the status quo (i.e. drug war; secure continued increase of funds for their operation)... they might see potential to use their holdings to be able to disrupt markets and online marketplaces.
Malfeasance is not absent from most government operations, but it is not a necessary component for harming society.  The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
@_date: 2013-04-04 01:15:31
Like your work "nation by design" btw.
I disagree with your assessment on one account:  bitcoin is not a stock (not in the traditional sense and not for the purposes of our discussion here).  A stock's price tends to (or can) get tied more tightly to some empirical and objective metrics such as the company's cash flow, dividends, P/E, etc.
Bitcoin is in a price discovery phase. . . there's really nothing to compare it to, tie it to, or any reference point for where the market will ultimately value it (I say ultimately, not because there's any true equilibrium, but at least a significant leveling off).  Bitcoin is starting as a much more obscure asset, and has, in my opinion, a much wider potential user base than any single stock or other asset (after all, that's what money is. . . or one of it's definitions:  the most marketable good).
With that in mind, the recent burst of growth (while indicative of typical bubble behavior), stands a better chance of being sustainable (in a loose sense of that word), than say $11 for a share of Pets.com ipo.
All that being said;  I am not claiming that the current rise in price isn't a bubble.  In fact, I kind of hope that it is (I need a good opportunity to buy more  :p   )
I'm confident enough that bitcoin will maintain a generally upward trend, even if there were a major (50% or more) crash in the price, today.  
If there's one thing that the market has shown over and over, is that these crashes don't phase buyers much, or for too long.  That could be a backstop that's there essentially due to the hard-core bitcoin believers like myself; and we may quickly be outnumbered as a percentage of the total bitcoin economy. 
Nevertheless, for the time being there is pretty solid and widespread belief in the fundamentals that a "burst" of the bubble (if there is indeed a bubble right now), will not have as pronounced or prolonged of effects as the crash of the dot com-ers who stuck around like Amazon.
@_date: 2013-08-14 05:06:47


Maybe, but I don't overestimate the average effect of many human beings who no longer like things the way they are.
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:39:42
And don't get me wrong:  I have great respect for the staunch Mengerian crowd who are trying to maintain logical consistency in regards bitcoin and its money-ness.   
It is indeed very difficult for some people to understand what the use-value, or non-monetary value of a share of the bitcoin network is . . .and so their position is somewhat understandable.  However, after many debates and discussions; some of them simply refuse to acknowledge any "intrinsic" value or don't value it accordingly themselves, and so conflate their valuation of it as the necessary one for all market actors.
If bitcoin were to fail and the price crash to zero (for whatever reason; government crackdown, major flaw in the protocol, etc.), it would be interesting to see how many of these same Austrians would jump to conclusions about the causes of the failure, based on empirical factors, or despite the empirically observed factors in its demise.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:08:05
You might be right. . . but then that kind of activity would be considered fraud, even by these fraudsters themselves. .. so it would be a very limited number of people involved, I would think.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:30:31
Not my leaders.
Also, I believe that doing what you're proposing would paint a worse image for bitcoin in the minds of those who are just now discovering it, than any psychological hurdles of the unit price right now.  It says that bitcoin is subject to whims, and a community that can't make up its "mind", and changes things needlessly and ceaselessly for minor issues and non-problems.  It is more likely to confuse than alleviate psychic distress.
Besides, fiat prices just don't matter that much; the purchasing power of your bitcoins (or fractions of bitcoins) and the value and utility of the network matter.
@_date: 2013-09-14 06:23:41
I'm partial to the [paint mixing]( metaphor, personally.  
It gets across, not only the idea of the difficulty in guessing the original colors, but also the role of the asymmetry of the difficulty in solving the problem one direction versus the other direction. 
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:37:48


Oh, I absolutely agree.  It makes more sense to see it as about %1.6 increase month over month (as another redditor has calculated), but I'm just pointing out that OP was using that as a conceivable (albeit inferior) metric for us to grasp the amount of change that is going to take place.  I just don't think it warranted a face-palm ( :
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:05:13
Nobody pays attention to unintended consequences, nor to the secondary and tertiary regulations which always come after, to alleviate the ills of the primary. . . only to create more unintended consequences. 
The part that worries me perhaps the most, is that they seem to be prohibiting the insuring or guaranteeing of bitcoin holdings by any institution.  Deposit insurance is possibly one of the greatest needs in the bitcoin ecosystem; to make it user friendly and to attenuate the volatility.  It is possible, even likely that security innovations, auditing services, or just hardware solutions, could fill the role of coin insurance adequately.  But we can't say this for sure, and this needs to be left up to the market.
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:09:12
Thanks!  
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:34:38
Buy up US government assets and sell into private hands, to pay off creditors.  Buy off all representatives on the houses and all judges and other executives, to dissolve their powers, end the fed, and to enable and multiply previously mentioned purchasing of govt assets.  
Buy up the media conglomerates and use as a platform to let people know that they have been lied to and indoctrinated by state run "schools" for a long time.
@_date: 2013-07-19 03:48:55
Therefore, any government less authoritarian and violent than Hitler's Nazis, should be praised and upheld.  Your logic is undeniable.
@_date: 2013-07-21 22:52:29
Could imply that spending does also indeed increase as price goes up, as Bitpay has claimed they've seen.  Not nearly enough data available though to conclude....but certainly in line with my own economizing psychology when price goes up.  It's going to be different threshold though, for each individual....based on the timing and purchase price of their bitcoin acquisition(s).  But a general trend does seem to be there.
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:43:57
There are reasons why deflation does incentivize savings as well, and dis-incentivizes SOME spending and SOME investing. . .so it is not simply a matter of whether or not a deflating currency will support a demand-side interpretation of economic health. . .. the larger question is whether or not "deflationary spirals" are a thing, inherent to a deflating currency, and whether a demand-side interpretation of economies has merit.
Most keynesian, neo-keynesian, and MMT economists have very sophisticated theories regarding all this (all in favor of at least some monetary inflation), and they are usually technically correct, as far as the current fiat system goes.
However, many of these economists are compelled to admit that this is the way of things within a fiat/credit-based system, and that there is a gun in the room, so to speak, keeping the rules of the game as they are.  They do not speak from a position of criticizing the rules of the game, but merely trying to describe the mechanics of it.
Bitcoin offers us the chance to experiment with an economy which is not limited by the "rules" of that game.  There is a wholly [different school of economic thought]( which sees this bigger picture, and more accurately describes the workings of  markets in general, and shows the deleterious effects of using force (i.e. government intervention) to compel changes or actions that individuals in the market would not have chosen for themselves.
@_date: 2013-09-01 05:45:52
You don't.   That is one of the lies perpetuated by much of modern economic thought. 
@_date: 2013-10-04 17:01:47
I agree with you that this phenomenon is not a problem, per se.  It is a symptom actually, of the state we are at in bitcoin's progress towards full use as a currency.
But nevertheless, bitcoin being used as the "unit of account", is an important part of stabilizing price and thus aiding in further adoption by businesses and consumers.
Even though fiat currencies may not go away anytime soon; it is not a given that all people must be paid in fiat.  It is equally important for people  within the bitcoin economy to pay using bitcoin. . . but also to be paid in bitcoin.  
That way, when they go to buy a hamburger, they are not thinking (consciously or sub-consciously): "hmmm, do I want this burger?  this will cost me .06 BTC, which is like $8 bucks right now, plus the time and effort and money to convert some of my paycheck from $ to BTC on an exchange. . ."
Instead, they are going to think (consciously or sub-consciously): "Do I want this burger?  It will cost me .06 BTC . . .that's like 20 minutes worth of work for me out of my BTC denominated paycheck.  done."
Thus price stabilizes, because value becomes more concretely tied to a calculation in the units of the BTC currency itself, based on your own valuation of your hard work. . . rather than based on units of another currency, plus a conversion.
this will make a substantial difference.
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:50:21
The better question is: why are there all these alphabet soup agencies to register with and comply with?  Who's really out to make a quick buck here?
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:09:22
logarithmic scales don't change the fact that, in 2043, if the value of a bitcoin is $50,000, we will be able to look back and say that on average, the price of a bitcoin in dollars increased by $140 each month.
The irony is of course, that in 2043 that will mean little to us, but it does give us a scope that our minds can appreciate right now, to understand the significance of reaching a $1 trillion market cap.
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:44:21


Okay, the analogy makes a little more sense in regards to the fiat economy; my understanding was that we were discussing the bitcoin economy and its inherent properties (and of course I realize that the bitcoin and fiat are not necessarily two distinct or isolated things, at least at this time).  The fiat system (not the economy) will probably come down, and that's a good thing!  If you don't think it is. . . I wouldn't touch bitcoin with a ten-foot-pole if I were you.
But still, your analogy and assertions do not grapple with the fact that an "economy" (whether fiat or bitcoin or both together) is an abstraction.  There is nothing good or bad for an economy; only good or bad or fair or unfair for the actors within an economy.
To the extent that people are divesting of fiat and buying bitcoin, or other assets, is the extent to which their economic activities are being diverted to stores of wealth and business dealings in the alternative asset or bitcoin. . . the economy doesn't necessarily disappear or get destroyed; it gets converted.  If people are acting in their self-interest by switching to bitcoin; then by your own admission, it is benefiting them.  How can all the people switching to bitcoin be benefited yet be doing themselves a dis-service at the same time?  It simply does not follow and whatever instability may be caused by a rapid and turbulent transition from fiat to bitcoin, can only be squarely blamed on the inferiority of the fiat system that we've all been [forced]( into.


You see, you are still assuming the assertion, in order to prove the assertion (unless I've missed one of your higher comments, and you've missed the entire body of irrefutable evidence debunking the deflation myths).  It is yet to be shown (empirically or theoretically) how a slow steady deflation (in a free market for currency) negatively impacts the actors in an economy more than it benefits them.
@_date: 2013-04-04 01:40:53
Bitfloor.  He's proven himself since the theft.  But hold Roman accountable to repay those debts with profits, and accept a security audit.
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:56:02
Or. . . just maybe. . .  the bitcoin community is not a hive-mind and do not all think alike.
Just maybe, those who decry current regulation aren't so closed minded as to think that coercive, monopolistic, centralized regulation is the only way to regulate.  Just maybe, there are other ways, and bitcoin is part of building the culture and society which would support those other ways.
. . . nah.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:32:15
Even as a person who is strongly pro-free market (most people would call me very extreme; a market anarchist), I don't think it follows that bitcoin is necessarily an absolutely perfect vehicle for 'the market' to be able to avoid all conceivable ills, including conglomeration of mining firms and the possible economies of scale in doing so. . .leading to a 51% attack. 
In other words, freed markets work well (not perfectly) in maximizing utility to the individuals that make it up; but they often require paradigm shifts to overcome problems.  The bitcoin network is not 'the market', it is one option in a total market for money. 
For example; in New England, before state governments stepped in, lighthouse building (which would otherwise be a public good and thought impossible to accomplish without government intervention) was undertaken by the more-or-less free market; not merely because of a sufficient amount of freedom or high enough number of competitors; but by shifting funding to a different paradigm.  The harbors would charge docking fees and use these to fund lighthouses.  That's not to condescend or bore you with some story you probably already know, but to illustrate what I mean by a paradigm shift.
The solution to centralization of mining power, may lie (most efficiently) in a different currency(ies).
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:43:18
No, actually contcont is right.  Just about everything is illegal in the U.S.  This is not the land of the free.  You are a slave.  Let's change that.  We'll see if it's the home of the brave.
@_date: 2013-08-06 10:13:46
That being the case, I'm not sure what you think my comment has to do with your particular grievance.  I am sorry if others have mischaracterized your statements....mine were not directed towards you, but rather to those (and there are many) who have expressed a viewpoint of intolerance towards political submissions and comments (particularly those of a certain flavor).
I seek to use reason (opportunistically here for clarity sake) to persuade my fellow bitcoiners to look past the first-world problem of having to wade through a few comments or subs which they may consider extreme, distasteful, or even trollish, in order to harbor an ecosystem which will be far more enlightening on the whole, and logically consistent with the type of neutrality they claim to espouse.
On the separate issue of the links in the side-bar; I remain torn.
 
@_date: 2013-08-30 21:25:20
Why do you hate babies, puppies, and poor people?!?!
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:48:51
I agree.  But you know what they say about blood from stones...
@_date: 2013-04-03 21:37:02
By way of the exact amount that it instructs you to deposit, which is unique within a 24hr period.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:34:59
why do goods ever sit idle, unless it is in the interest of their owner to have them do so?
is it possible that goods only sit idle due to a correction in the economy which must take place in order to get production back in line with what consumers will sustainably demand?
@_date: 2013-03-20 14:10:25
It's also a little hypocritical to call for civility, while simultaneously advocating for violent theft against your fellow man...or at least, you're advocating that we not defend ourselves against this violence, so that you are not bothered by the same gang of thugs... But sure, I'm happy to have a civil dialogue about it.
@_date: 2013-04-04 01:33:37
What worries me for the foreseeable future is what the U.S. government is doing (i.e recent FinCEN "guidelines), and the uncertainty of what they may do.
I believe that the failures of Mt. Gox and some of the other exchanges, that we are witnessing today is in large part due to the barriers to entry into the exchange business, which the government has already caused by their decree.  The capital that it forces you to have on hand as an MSB and the other reporting and compliance, have certainly already created a lack of real competition in this realm. . . .creating a shortage, and also creating a lack of pressure on Mt. Gox to innovate and keep up with consumer preferences and general demand.
@_date: 2013-09-03 22:34:46
While I wouldn't argue that bitcoin *isn't* a currency, I would say that bitcoin is not yet *widely* fulfilling all the roles that a currency does, in order to be considered such.  And I don't just mean widely, because bitcoin has not gotten widespread adoption yet;  I even mean widely, within the realm of those who possess bitcoin.
In economics it is usually said that money acts as 3 things -
a unit of account, 
a store of value, 
and a medium of exchange
I think that bitcoins are widely used by bitcoin holders for the latter two purposes (though I would argue not very well as a store of value), but not for the first; a unit of account.  
Let's face it; we all buy and sell things with bitcoins. . .  priced in dollars (or other fiat).  It is not a unit of account (yet), it is a proxy.  It is serving wonderfully as a payment network, but not quite as a money or currency in all its glory.
I believe this will still happen, with more adoption; but also if and where governments will get out of the way.  The key, of course, is to close transaction loops.  There's lots of stuff you can buy with bitcoins; but one must more often than not be motivated by various enthusiasms regarding bitcoin, in order to wish to spend the extra time (and money) to convert their hard-earned fiat into BTC, just to make the purchase, and "support the economy".  But regardless, what then?  How many of those vendors can pay their suppliers and employees in BTC?  And then those vendors pay their suppliers and employees in BTC, and those people in turn, who have earned BTC as their primary means of income, turn around and buy something from that original business. . . .closing the loop.
I would love to see some open discussion among the various bitcoin-accepting businesses as to the feasibility of closing some transaction loops (giving observers and opportunity to attempt to fill gaps in supply and services).  It is a chicken and egg scenario, though, and I think the hardest part of the loop to close is the end of the chain (the guy paid in bitcoin) purchasing something from the original vendor (say, the alpaca socks people).  
So, obviously, in the most direct way, and in this round-about way of thinking about the problem of bitcoin fully serving as a money (and subsequently easing exchange-price volatility); the most important businesses to accept bitcoin are those that are the more universally needed: such as utilities companies, grocery stores or food markets, even a mortgage company.  
People need to have the ability to pay most of their expenses with bitcoin in order to have a chance at earning bitcoins at work. . . . and people need to earn bitcoins as their primary income in order for the majority of businesses to offer payment in bitcoin.  Chicken and egg.  Close the loop, and you have a functioning bitcoin economy and unit of account (however small that economy is).
@_date: 2013-03-20 13:59:37
Hmmm....If an organization goes after or targets you because of the actions of others; sounds like that organization's faults, not the faults of the other individuals.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:46:39
The U.S. government already regulates it; at the exchanges with fiat currency.  That's an important fact to remember, as the "failures" or difficulties are often blamed on unfettered markets, which are actually being affected directly or indirectly by government.   It can be regulated further, of course (by decrees, not by anything that the government can do to the bitcoin network directly), but make no mistake that they have already decreased bitcoin's ease of use and value to the user.
Rather than keeping volume low so that the technology doesn't benefit anyone but a few of us. . . why not get rid of the institution of government, and allow markets to thrive and bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies correct the errors of centuries of government monetary mismanagement?
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:13:44
First demonstrate how defending Gary North's argument was not the discussion that you entered into.  It would also be great see you defend those points, preferably on grounds of a priori truths and deductive reasoning.
Then you can drag me into a discussion nitpicking side points and debatable empirical evidence.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:51:05
I see it as a mutually reinforcing, or virtuous cycle: 
Price stability will promote bitcoins use as money (actually pricing things in BTC instead of proxy for fiat prices), and likewise; economies using bitcoin and pricing goods and services in BTC will rapidly generate exchange price stability.
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:40:02
Or you might call it personal property; which is often distinguished from private property by control of the thing having primacy over some sort of contractual, "god-given", or social rights to a thing or to particular uses of a thing.
Whatever you call it, bitcoin definitely opens up a whole new world of property types.
In some ways, it synthesizes the apparent conflict between right-anarchist desires for contract-based property conventions, and left-anarchist desires for community-administered judgements on what is personal property and what is communal.
Possession is 9/10ths of the law.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:01:20
Central banks cannot function, nor maintain the monopoly on their currency, except by the implicit and explicit threats of force which the government would bring to bear on those who challenge the monopoly.
Did you know that the POTUS appoints the board of governors, and that the Senate confirms them?  Have you looked at all the many instances throughout the Fed's history where they have acted in clearly politically motivated ways?
Are they independent in anything other than name?  Does supporting the Patriot Act make one a patriot?  Does the National Defense Authorization Act defend you from foreign threats?
How blissful life must be to assume the intentions and the results of things at face value.
@_date: 2013-03-30 23:08:02
Economics, being a social science, suffers from the impracticality of knowing all variables and isolating them.  Human nature is far too complex, to presume that data points which flow in an opposite direction to an axiomatic law, such as the law of demand, are in contradiction to that law or suggest an exception.
There are many forces at play. . . the laws of supply and demand being only some of them.  I would personally chalk this up mostly to [network effect]( overpowering the expected results of the law of demand at work in isolation.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:01:41
I am also part of that base and I've never used silk road or purchased any drugs or illicit substances.
Most of the core user base uses bitcoin to [donate]( purchase electronics, and generally experiment with free markets and crypto-currencies.
@_date: 2013-10-19 21:19:43
Gold right out of the ground has uses, or use-value, but is nearly useless as a money, until it has been minted into coins and bars of useful denominations and certified weights.
Public/private cryptographic keypairs also have many uses, and use-value, but are nearly useless for money until they have been minted into a distributed ledger which employs proof of work to avoid double spends.
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:56:18
Indeed, if there's one mistake which many who understand this tend to make, is to try to predict time-frames in which hyper-inflation will occur.  
Being the reserve currency of the world, there is huge inertia behind the dollar. . . there is no telling how long it can be sustained under bad policy.  Because of this status, the U.S. government gets to pay all its debts in the money which it controls the supply of (through the Fed), so this staves off any immediate threat of hyper-inflation.  But those same market forces will eventually find their way out; whether in re-denomination of the debts (along with loss of reserve currency status) or eruptions of violence, or both (some of which is already happening, as the U.S. has to try harder and harder to keep dissident regimes from slipping out from under the petro-dollar thumb).
@_date: 2013-07-03 02:58:21
In short:  "shuck it Trebec!"
@_date: 2013-07-11 20:55:27
1. A system of money in general use in a particular country.
2. The fact or quality of being generally accepted or in use.
My original comment and the context under which I used the word currency make it pretty clear how it relates to the above dictionary definition number 2.  It is not only nit-picking, but technically inaccurate to relegate the word "currency" to only mean an official money of a nation-state.
Bitcoin usage is already very decentralized (the exchanges are not, of course, but the protocol is).  The whole point is that bitcoin is *not* currently serving as money/currency for most people who hold it . . . not because it hasn't been declared the official currency of a country or territory, but because people are not pricing/valuating (in their heads) all the goods and services around them, and their labor, in terms of BTC.   They are still doing it in terms of their fiat unit.  This is an economic observation, not a political or semantic one.
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:41:23
Do you really believe that the economy is some entity unto itself which must be coddled and protected?  Please explain how people can act in their own self-interest....to their own benefit, and yet destroy an economy.
@_date: 2013-05-18 19:15:15
Boo Winklevii.
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:50:12


I'd wager that there will be another panic again, and prices are likely to crash back into the $300's again.  But that being said; there is a much more mature investing base in bitcoin right now. . . which remembers that the price always comes back.  There are so many people waiting to pounce on anything below $500 USD, it's not even funny.
There are more people than ever before that understand that holding bitcoin for the long-term, and not cashing out until you don't need to cash out, is the way to go.
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:53:34


Actually I didn't.  You obviously simply didn't comprehend the minute difference and the subtleties which I used to expound upon the reasons why he is correct on the point that he is correct on.
said that bitcoin is not deflationary (I assume he means right now), in which case he is probably correct. . . but there's no way to know for sure.  It is possible (though unlikely) that coins are being lost at a faster rate than they are being mined.  But as the block rewards decrease the rate of coin loss will begin to outpace the rate of coin creation.  This will make bitcoin a deflationary currency.  It makes no sense to define deflation or inflation as any general increase or decrease in price level. . . for one thing, we would have to change our tune about the currency every time a price crash or bubble happened. 


I don't wan't to believe anything.  I wan't to understand things.  So correct me where I'm wrong, and lets have a discussion.
Not interested?  I don't care much. . . my comments are intended for a wider audience than just you;  an audience who can potentially gain from using bitcoin, once they understand economics and what is wrong with the current system today, and to not fear deflation.
@_date: 2013-03-01 05:27:12
Here's the deal: it is still easier, quicker, and cheaper for people (even most bitcoin savvy people) to buy goods and services in the currency which they are getting paid in (e.g. the u.s. dollar).  What's stopping people from getting paid in bitcoin or from paying their employees or contractors in bitcoin?  Well, mostly the direct and indirect effects of tax and employment laws at all levels of government.
If you ask me; in order for bitcoin to become more widely adopted as a currency (rather than a speculative vehicle), it is going to require people getting paid primarily in BTC to start with.  In order for that to happen, it's going to take a fairly large cultural shift, and some ballsy pioneers who are willing to completely skirt these employment and tax laws (which means they'll also probably have to offer employees more money than an equivalent job paid in fiat), to pave the way and discover best practices for avoiding the law and being successful.
@_date: 2013-10-24 22:00:49


Little thing.  But so nice to not see "hacker" used in this sentence for once.  There is some hope for the world.
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:41:56
I don't want to see governments fall (they usually just get replaced by a worse one).
I want to see decentralized and voluntary solutions (like bitcoin) operate redundantly to government services, and gradually overtake them in usefulness, until it becomes in each persons interest to not rely on the coercive means of government.
There need not be a sudden collapse, and there need not be a power vacuum to fill in the minds of a society who see that they don't need the state to provide all these different things through coercive means.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:11:32
+$1.00 verify
@_date: 2013-08-21 00:38:35
If I'm ever in Pensacola, I'm stopping by and you'll have to show me how to build the HaBIT  mini-houses. . . .and of course I'll put in my time dishing the chowder too.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:34:45
I think you are absolutely right; that that drive is a part of human (dare I say) "nature", that is not going away anytime soon.  In that respect, we will always seek for more of the things which we do not yet have in great quantity.
However, efficiently operating (unhampered) markets, along with the right technological advances will make production of most or all of the things that we need and want right now, so cheap and so ubiquitous, that (from the perspective of someone living right now), all the most pressing human needs will be filled without an obvious exchange of money or value.  Or that there will be so much abundance in these commonly needed things, that the marginal utility of them is close to zero.
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:58:00
Reason  why I'm a market anarchist:  The ability of the state to make rulings without being held accountable in any real sense for the outcomes of those rulings . . . thus their incentive to balance the need to clarify legalities and ease compliance, is diminished against their need to enforce said rules.
@_date: 2013-08-01 06:56:05
The ability to fork, to freely choose which blockchain one accepts, which money one uses (or both!), is one of the primary manifestations of bitcoin's anarchist/free-market nature.  It cannot be denied.  Coercion is denied.
That said, and while I ally squarely in the non-Fedcoin camp, I do not see that the statist camp here is likely to adjust the protocol or fork the chain in the direction of complying with the institutionalized thuggery, in any drastic way.  Maybe I'm wrong. . . that's just my impression.  I also don't see that, beyond perhaps fully/natively implementing zerocoin, that there is much that the anarchist camp can do to shift the protocol in the direction of non-compliance. . . at least for the near future.
It is difficult to move the network of people that make up bitcoin, one way or another, precisely because this is not democracy (thank goodness).  This is a voluntary network of myriad interests, and the network effect remains the primary source of value for most everyone; I am confident to say.  Very few, in either camp, have much incentive to divide the benefits derived from the hard-won network robustness.
The threat of selling out to the feds, if such a threat exists, I believe is most likely to come via the avenue of the developers; namely Gavin and Jeff.  I have written before that (while they are both excellent developers, and as far as I can tell, stand-up guys), far too much faith and trust and deference is placed in them and their client, by the community at large, and I can't help but notice that they both seem to fundamentally misunderstand the political (or rather a-political) nature of bitcoin and it's implications.  If either of them ever glimpsed the same vision which Satoshi expressed in his writings, that vision seems far distant now.
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:43:59
Yay!  Let's trust in perhaps the most centralized institution in the world to further the cause of decentralization!  Yay!
Rights are a function of contract.  Nothing more nothing less.  There is nothing magical or inherent in the universe which makes it care whether your rights are upheld and which rights you are afforded.
Therefore, it is a question of what each individual is willing to pay for said rights, who you are contracting with to determine which rights can be afforded, and what will be the enforcement mechanism against infringement upon those rights.  The U.N. has little in the way of teeth, in terms of enforcement. . . but they do have great pull with other centralized planning and enforcement agencies, such as the U.S. government; who do have teeth.
I have not agreed to, nor signed any contract, explicitly or implicitly, giving my consent to the list of rights and responsibilities (and the associated costs and potential benefits) which either of the two above mentioned agencies purport to provide.  Yes, they can force me to pay for their services, and even gain some benefit from them; but these clumsy institutions can only wield blunt instruments; inevitably cause more collateral damage than good, and relentlessly suffer from the problems of centralized economic calculation.
The "right to privacy" sounds good, and I certainly want some aspects of that protection; but there is nuance to this, and there are opportunity costs.  More importantly, I don't believe that such large centralized organizations are efficient enough (or in some cases capable at all) to properly administrate nor enforce contracts of this nature. . . nor to determine for me what exactly this "right to privacy" means.
I choose to contract with those I transact with via the bitcoin network protocol; where the contract is stipulated and enforced by certain mathematical constructs which cannot be denied nor defied.  When I want privacy, I accept the additional costs of time and effort to exchange bitcoins in a certain way (i.e. localbitcoins, mixing, etc.)  In this way, exchanges of value (and many other forms of crypto-contracts to come in the future) are voluntarily entered into, and have a much more efficient enforcement mechanism, and the market as a whole offers far more choices in the ratios of rights&lt;-&gt;costs which are offered.  Ultimately, it is technology, not law, which bring more and better choices to consumers of privacy protection, and anything else.  Freedom from unnecessary laws and restrictions is what best promotes the development of technology.
@_date: 2013-07-01 17:44:55
Also; Man who stand on toilet is high on pot.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:33:15
Scary?  That was great.  Personally these little swings don't bother me or keep me up at night.  I just got lucky enough to sit down at my computer right as the largest sell-off in probably a month started, and get some buying in.
@_date: 2013-11-07 17:35:59


I'm so tired of this economic ignorance and blindness to the reality right in front of people:
A bitcoin (or a share of the network) has non-monetary value (some might call it "intrinsic" value) just like gold or any other hard money does.  The element of public-private keypairs which make up the bitcoin protocol have uses; including, but not limited to, being able to effectively make data/information scarce, signatures, contracts, and not to mention its aesthetic value all by itself (just like much of gold's non-monetary value is found by many people in its beauty).
Not to mention that bitcoin beats gold in almost every category of useful monetary properties (i.e. scarcity, fungibility, divisibility, transportability, etc.)
Why is this so hard to understand?!  Why are it's non-monetary uses and values always completely ignored?
Bitcoin is volatile right now, for two main reasons:  liquidity and the fact that people are not yet using bitcoin widely as a unit of account; but only as a proxy for fiat prices.  
When more people begin to earn bitcoin as their primary income, then sudden drops (or increases) in exchange price will become a thing of the past, as no one in their right mind will sell or trade their hard-earned bitcoin for less than they feel its worth based on how much work they put in to earning it.
Next time someone feels they are qualified to compare the rise of bitcoin to other asset bubbles and such; ask them for their data on the last completely-market-based-brand-new- poorly-understood-and-available-to-a-worldwide-audience commodity, that they have seen come into existence. . . and how their data compares.  Fuck tulips.
/end rant
@_date: 2013-08-07 03:01:42
I guess I mean the individuals and businesses laying low by not begging for more.....the bitcoin phenomenon itself can't be hidden, of course.
@_date: 2013-08-16 08:20:53
"Put down your chainsaw and listen to me"
"Dare to be stupid, dare to be stupid"
-Weird Al
@_date: 2013-02-27 21:40:42
While I agree with you, as far as your comment goes; it is worth noting that further regulation can and will spring up, to cover details and complexities which do not yet exist in this young and growing economy.  As long as these controls and best practices are adopted voluntarily (which is all but ensured due to the nature of bitcoin), they can and will benefit market participants; and not necessarily produce the disorganizing effects that fiat regulations have produced.