@_author: kybarnet
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:50:03
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:37:46
Right, I’ve never heard the term ‘corporatism’ , and agree with your description. Sounds great, thanks!
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:27:40
Yes, I did a test in my wallet, and it the Segwit fee seemed to be 60% the normal fee.
So on a $5 Trans Fee, you could have $3.
@_date: 2018-01-30 16:53:09
Seriously. BCash or Bitcoin cash is a win for Roger. It’s “Ver Coin” IMO.
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:21:20
Segwit adoption has gone from 6% to 12%, and increased significantly during the last bitcoin conference.
That is a result of this board's marketing, and others. Meeting with the public, showing them how to use Segwit, and how to understand transaction fees.
These relatively minor Segwit adopters may have reduced the block demand 5%... causing it to go from 102% Demand to 97% Demand.
As there are no bounds, this causes a price change from 1,000 to 1 in less than 2 months.
As more people adopt Segwit, as Lightning Network is given priority, we can get Demand to 90% or so, and have a stable low transaction price on the most high quality network.
If the Segwit adoption gets to 25% on the average, we will likely see no pending fees, and if we keep up with Lightning, we can prevent them during the rush over holidays.
@_date: 2018-01-05 06:04:37
Very true. It's totally fine to be 'anti-capitalism', meaning the concentration of wealth into the hands of very few.
But anytime you trivialize study and work, or suggest low effort occupations should pay the same as high effort occupations, you effectively become a terrorist.
While there are differing goals for society, the basic principle is to produce as much good as possible for as many as possible for as long as possible. Many people are fooled into believing the best they can achieve is a low paying occupation, and they deserve educational assistance from their fellows on how to become more productive. In dire straights, sure, give them money too.
But whenever you suggest those who produce much deserve nothing extra, it's quite a questionable attitude. Far more good is destroyed through sloth and mismanagement, than bombs and weaponry. One way to encourage sloth behavior is to suggest those who study technology are child rapists.
Another is to make education expensive. Another is to destroy youth through meaningless study.
All that said, I do not support the attitude of using Bitcoin profits to 'flex' on people or as justification for an unproductive life. I feel we should always be producing, regardless of need for income, though that is a good motivating factor for some.
And if you find many around you caught in dead-end lifestyles, that is governmental problem, but the fault is not where you think. The fault is 100% not those who 'rose above' and acquired a success through saving and study.
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:52:34
Jameson Lopp opens up with 'we will probably [need larger blocks]( eventually' and that he is taking a 'multi-generation approach' to software development.
Going to see what comes next ;)
You really have to skip over Roger. He's is damn good at marketing, but not informative. Repeat, repeat, repeat...
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:40:16
Am I?
@_date: 2018-01-02 23:27:28
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:04:28
Here's how it works :
1. Take 1 BTC -&gt; Deposit to Lightning Network.
2. Trade over Lightning and get balances (like with Bitcoin).
3. Amazon, Walmart, friends, etc... all effectively share the same network... Lightning Network. But as there is no Hash Power, each 'node' (Amazon) must host it's own lightning transactions.
4. Let's pretend after 1 year of Buying and Selling goods using Lightning, you want to settle. Now you close your account, let's say it has 0.5 BTC of value. It hits the block chain and transfers back to your account.
Sound familiar? Sort of like RAM + Hard-drive ? Bitcoin is the hard-drive, Lightning the RAM.
So who controls the Lightning Coins? That's the thing, there are no lightning coins, they are just Bitcoin representations, so Bitcoin controls it.
Now regarding the economic use of lightning, ignoring technical difficulties, there are several clear examples of when to use Lightning vs Main Chain :
First example, assume Trusted Party transactions (no intentional default risk). What is risk of transaction failure within Lightning Network? Let's say 2%. What is the value you are attempting to transfer? Let's say $20. What is the current Bitcoin transaction fee? Let's say $1.


$20 x 0.02 = $0.40 &lt; $1 = **Yes, use lightning network... up to $50.**
Second example, assume 3rd party (disputes, if problematic). Here the logic becomes difficult, and you'd have to (weigh sales gains + default risks) vs transaction fees. But effectively, you'd have to suggest that sales of $5 goods are 10x higher using Bitcoin vs Lightning or that default risks are over 20% to justify using Bitcoin vs Lightning (assuming no change in sales volume using either).
**tl / dr** : For Trusted Parties, lightning is optimal for transfers of $50 or less, at $1 Transaction Fees. For 3rd Parties, lightning is optimized for transactions less than $20, if rate of default is 5% or less. Generally speaking, venues with sales less than $20 should switch to Lightning ASAP.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:24:44
You are trading Bitcoin, there is no 'lightning supply' that is not directly tied to a Bitcoin (the supply starts as 0, you deposit a BTC, 1 supply is created fresh and you get it).
*There is a difference between thinking small and thinking big.*
In lightning, there is no 'block chain'. Effectively it's much like RaiBlocks, if you are familiar with that. Which is to say, trillions of transactions can be executed with the 'main chain' only adding a Byte of data during dispute or settlement.




The advantage of the Bitcoin model vs Ver Coin model is that it scales through programming vs consumption.
Imagine if, rather than forking, your Ver Coin balance was only, and exactly, your Bitcoin Balance, at all times... and transfers were instant. That's is all the lightning network is - but without the separate block chain and profit motives of Ver Coin.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:56:24
Ya, true.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:06:11
Please consider Midnight Discovery. No, it is not a Buzz Word charity like "Dog Rights" or "Humans for Happiness". It is an education charity of a highly different nature than most are use to.
What is Midnight Discovery?
Midnight Discovery is the combination of several complex political beliefs organized in such a way as to create highly impacting community change, using very few resources. While the objectives are grand, the process is quite simple, low-cost, profitable for participants, and people building.
What we do is meet (originally weekly, now monthly), in the same location, in which we line the walls with the topics of discussion (not a restaurant, or public venue). Some would refer to this type of environment as a Grotto. The general topics are :
* Business, People, &amp; Money Management
* Technology &amp; Work Place Development (primarily Block Chain related)
* Philosophy, Religion, Global Politics, and Community Development.
Unlike a typical Bitcoin 'meet up', this is a Sit Down situation, and is a bit more serious and involved. Much like a business meeting. Largely, we attempt to follow Benjamin Franklin's Junto, and guides to Powerful Goodness, which loosely means everyone contributing and teaching, not just listening.
Originally, I was going to charge $20 and give these funds to whomever was making the presentation for the day, and provide food and drink. However, this is not legal (can't give away food), and topics tended perpetually toward price discussion of Crypto, and not the more serious topics. Granted, 2017 was a crazy year.
Since then, I've changed the setup to no longer charge, but instead assign work to participants to prepare for the following meeting, in a Power Point Format. This has proven successful. Likewise, I assign members to attend other Bitcoin meet ups in near by areas, to help people network within the Region.
How is this different from other Non Profits?
1) Rather than give people money, we teach them how to make themselves money through improved knowledge, motivation, and business understanding. The immediate objective is to teach people how to acquire lots of money, which stimulates participation, empowerment, and independence.
2) We are a 'self taught' organization. Rather than have foreign lectures speak, we prepare lectures, share them with each other, take turns leading, share them with neighboring communities, and share them with the internet. This process builds confidence, and self motivation. Through such a method, any community anywhere can learn anything quite quickly, if they have the desire.
3) By having an explicit political inclination, we teach our members that they control the destiny of the world. By conquering restrictive Education, Work Place hopelessness, passive Leadership, and Global confusion, our members begin to realize that they are part of a Political system that moves the world. Through combining Block Chain Technology, Community Collectives, Business Development, &amp; Philosophical Thought, I hope that our members begin to realize they are replacing all functions of modern government, in terms of the positive impact governments can create.
Lastly, part of this initiative was to fix a 3 fold weakness I have perceived within Block Chain technology, which I hope community leaders are wise enough to see and plan for properly. Those are:
1) The Power of Misinformation - Over reliance on Reddit, Twitter, Bitcoin (.com), &amp; News Article makes the Block Chain community vulnerable to misinformation. By creating in person community groups which teach each other, it is less possible for a foreign source to overpower locals.
2) The Power of Centralized Exchanges - By creating these communities, and educating them heavily, I hope that one day we get into a situation in which the attendees exchange, buy, and sell coins at the meetings rather than online. Likewise, by creating a global system, we can begin creating international commerce, completely bypassing China bans, and so on.
3) The Power of Technological Stagnation - When a community becomes overly price focused, or reliant upon outsiders to provide for them, they become vulnerable to becoming obsolete or gouged. Through teaching people to teach themselves, each other, and to create good works, the development of Block Chain tech becomes less centralized and less possible for a State to subvert through industrial espionage.
The only solution I see through is to create well organized, networked, and productive localized communities, operating on the global level.
Naturally, this will lead to a new form of political organization, which I suspect will be much akin to the Swiss Confederation Helvetica of today; which is to say a Direct Democracy. However, I suspect it will be a full mix of systems, frankly, each appropriate to it's own devices.
And for the advancement of these objectives, I put a few thousand into Midnight Discovery, Printing 6' x 10' large signs to hang on the street and displace my accounting and tax advertisements. I did not want to sell Bitcoin at $1,800, but also knew that this process of creating a 'counter government', which I believe needs to be fully operational by the end of 2019, would be a long process, so I started early.
And for those reasons, I hope you support Midnight Discovery.
Here is a album we created on [How to setup a Segwit Address in Bitcoin Core]( and a Basics of Bitcoin power point presentation in the works.
Thank you for your time, and reading my comment :) - [Our Last Meeting](
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:15:51
**At $20, transfer fees are nearing 5% or less** (1 Penny over Lightning but less reliably) and less than 1% for $100, over the Bitcoin Network.
We just cleared the "below 50 Sat" grouping, and are now onto the "below 30 Sat" grouping. All Bitcoin transaction requests are placed into a giant pot. The Highest Fee transactions float to the top and get skimmed off, for the creation of each new block.
Around Christmas, the quality of the Fat or Highest Fee transaction was up to $10 per transfer.
Today the highest fee transfers are around $1. Remember, it doesn't matter how many Bitcoins you transfer, all have the same cost, but the cost increases with Speed of transfer. Also, there are about 4 transactions per 'kilo byte' (6 with Segwit) and rates are quoted per Kilo Byte (thus 4x more than the cost of a typical transfer). The actual math works like this :
Bitcoin Value (say $10,000) x (Average Transaction Fee per Kilo Byte / 4 (or 6 with Segwit)) = Transaction Fee
25 Satoshis x 1,000 (Kilo) = 0.00025 Bitcoin / Kilo Byte
$10,000 x (0.00025 / 6 (Segwit)) = $0.42 Transfer Fee in Dollars
Today you can send a transfer at a rate of 51 Sat's / Byte and clear Next Block, and 31 Sat's / Byte should start clearing tomorrow Next Block. You can pay 90% of that and expect to clear within 12 hours, and 80% to clear within the day.
So we are expecting "Next Block" fees to drop from around $1.50 non-Segwit to $1 by tomorrow, or $0.60 with Segwit - And perhaps lower.
This means that the alt coin argument of Bitcoin being too expensive to use will now only apply to transactions of less than $20 really (which should be conducted over the Lightning Network, if available).
@_date: 2018-01-05 13:06:17
‘Free market’ and Capitalism are not exactly the same thing.
Or you can say ‘modern day Capitalism’ Vs ‘traditional capitalism’.
But effectively the ‘1% acquiring 99% of the wealth’, is a product of modern day Capitalism. I think free markets function best with a strong middle class , vs upper class, as is the situation today.
@_date: 2018-01-05 06:08:48
Please consider Midnight Discovery. No, it is not a Buzz Word charity like "Dog Rights" or "Humans for Happiness". It is an education charity of a highly different nature than most are use to.
I am a long time community activist.
* In 2002, I helped to organize a festival of 2,000 people to support the legalization of Marijuana.
* In 2012, as a CPA, I started a community tax practice, for $65 tax returns (and many below that price), primarily with the objective of helping new businesses start-up, helping mid-income peoples invest, and low-income improve their work income.
* In 2013, I bought a Bitcoin at $1,000, told many others about Bitcoin, and sold for $700, sadly, and was bugged over this for some time to come (I even had a Bitcoin button for online payments). I made a mental note to come back in at the halving in 2017, which I'm glad I did.
* In 2015, I became involved with Wikileaks, worked with them over .onion to help make [Our Wikileaks]( and worked the sub-reddit, chatted with Sarah H., and so on.
* In 2016, I became heavily involved with the Bernie Sanders campaign. For the community organization event, I was the main local speaker (to a crowd of 500 volunteers), and invested fairly heavily into the campaign. Likely over 1,000 hours, and maybe a couple thousand. Around April, I began to notice something was 'off'. This lead to the reading of several political writings (Ben. Franklin, T. Paine, T. Jefferson, A. Hitler, Malcolm X, Fred Hampton, Socrates, Aristotle on Politics and Generational Corruption) and writings of inventors (Tesla, so on).
* In 2017, I began to promote Bitcoin quite heavily with my Tax Clients. I also solidified many political writings and ideas. For a while I was in good communication with the Ethereum team, and worked on a Dev Call in July to discuss economic type activities. At that same time, I sold 1 Bitcoin @ $1,800 to begin Midnight Discover, 501 (c) (3) non-profit.
What is Midnight Discovery?
Midnight Discovery is the combination of several complex political beliefs organized in such a way as to create highly impacting community change, using very few resources. While the objectives are grand, the process is quite simple, low-cost, profitable for participants, and people building.
What we do is meet (originally weekly, now monthly), in the same location, in which we line the walls with the topics of discussion (not a restaurant, or public venue). Some would refer to this type of environment as a Grotto. The general topics are :
* Business, People, &amp; Money Management
* Technology &amp; Work Place Development (primarily Block Chain related)
* Philosophy, Religion, Global Politics, and Community Development.
Unlike a typical Bitcoin 'meet up', this is a Sit Down situation, and is a bit more serious and involved. Much like a business meeting. Largely, we attempt to follow Benjamin Franklin's Junto, and guides to Powerful Goodness, which loosely means everyone contributing and teaching, not just listening.
Originally, I was going to charge $20 and give these funds to whomever was making the presentation for the day, and provide food and drink. However, this is not legal (can't give away food), and topics tended perpetually toward price discussion of Crypto, and not the more serious topics. Granted, 2017 was a crazy year.
Since then, I've changed the setup to no longer charge, but instead assign work to participants to prepare for the following meeting, in a Power Point Format. This has proven successful. Likewise, I assign members to attend other Bitcoin meet ups in near by areas, to help people network within the Region.
How is this different from other Non Profits?
1) Rather than give people money, we teach them how to make themselves money through improved knowledge, motivation, and business understanding. The immediate objective is to teach people how to acquire lots of money, which stimulates participation, empowerment, and independence.
2) We are a 'self taught' organization. Rather than have foreign lectures speak, we prepare lectures, share them with each other, take turns leading, share them with neighboring communities, and share them with the internet. This process builds confidence, and self motivation. Through such a method, any community anywhere can learn anything quite quickly, if they have the desire.
3) By having an explicit political inclination, we teach our members that they control the destiny of the world. By conquering restrictive Education, Work Place hopelessness, passive Leadership, and Global confusion, our members begin to realize that they are part of a Political system that moves the world. Through combining Block Chain Technology, Community Collectives, Business Development, &amp; Philosophical Thought, I hope that our members begin to realize they are replacing all functions of modern government, in terms of the positive impact governments can create.
Lastly, part of this initiative was to fix a 3 fold weakness I have perceived within Block Chain technology, which I hope community leaders are wise enough to see and plan for properly. Those are:
1) The Power of Misinformation - Over reliance on Reddit, Twitter, Bitcoin (.com), &amp; News Article makes the Block Chain community vulnerable to misinformation. By creating in person community groups which teach each other, it is less possible for a foreign source to overpower locals.
2) The Power of Centralized Exchanges - By creating these communities, and educating them heavily, I hope that one day we get into a situation in which the attendees exchange, buy, and sell coins at the meetings rather than online. Likewise, by creating a global system, we can begin creating international commerce, completely bypassing China bans, and so on.
3) The Power of Technological Stagnation - When a community becomes overly price focused, or reliant upon outsiders to provide for them, they become vulnerable to becoming obsolete or gouged. Through teaching people to teach themselves, each other, and to create good works, the development of Block Chain tech becomes less centralized and less possible for a State to subvert through industrial espionage.
The only solution I see through is to create well organized, networked, and productive localized communities, operating on the global level.
Naturally, this will lead to a new form of political organization, which I suspect will be much akin to the Swiss Confederation Helvetica of today; which is to say a Direct Democracy. However, I suspect it will be a full mix of systems, frankly, each appropriate to it's own devices.
And for the advancement of these objectives, I put a few thousand into Midnight Discovery, Printing 6' x 10' large signs to hang on the street and displace my accounting and tax advertisements. I did not want to sell Bitcoin at $1,800, but also knew that this process of creating a 'counter government', which I believe needs to be fully operational by the end of 2019, would be a long process, so I started early.
And for those reasons, I hope you support Midnight Discovery.
Here is a album we created on [How to setup a Segwit Address in Bitcoin Core]( and a Basics of Bitcoin power point presentation in the works.
Thank you for your time, and reading my comment :) - [Our Last Meeting](
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:30:19
Are you ready for the **Real Jesus** , I don’t think you are yet bro. Get ready, going to lay down some
 Jesus Talk
I was taught the same thing. Effectively it can be shortened to ‘pay taxes’ but it is more complicated than that. God &amp; Money were effectively the same thing at this time. ‘Caesar’ was effectively God. A human God, much like a President or Star in some people’s mind, infallible.
Jesus was against the notion of an infallible State, or human perfection, as God (including himself, I might add). The Pharisees ask, ‘who is God, this man on the money or Your God?’ It’s against the law to say ‘money man’ is not God.
Now the ‘revolution’ of Jesus was quite extraordinary. Within Biblical context, God is used two different ways. Old Testament God is a terrorist, hell bent upon conquering foreign people. New Testament God is an idea. Or more specifically, the Socrates &amp; Aristotle definition of Truth. Which is to say, Jesus replaced the idea of worshipping a Man as God with the idea of worshipping Knowledge, Truth, &amp; Discovery. When Jesus speaks of ‘God’, he speaks thus. Not a man or deity to be worshipped, beyond general study of science.
Now back to the question : Should you pay your Taxes?


But there is a catch. Many people associate their worth in terms of how many coins they can create. Jesus says your worth is much more than that, effectively the discovery of new science &amp; the protection of living things is worth more than a collection of ceasar coin.
So when he is saying ‘give unto God what is God’s’, he is effectively saying hodl your Bitcoins (joke). But he really is saying don’t sell your self for money. Don’t attempt to acquire money with Caesar’s face on it. Get a new money. Money that values things properly and doesn’t pretentiously ask for it to be worshiped, as does national currency.
**tl / dr** Jesus was against Nation State currency that depicted a man to be worshipped, and suggested the people form their own currency without the worship of a single man; but which valued Science &amp; life protections.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:45:05
I mean... sort of true.
Technology is a peer to peer system. If all the big boys have a conference for only big boys, and one of them wanted to start using Segwit but didn't know who to ask, etc,... then perhaps now they are doing Segwit (or batching).
Local Bitcoins moved to Segwit during the conference.
@_date: 2018-01-16 04:03:36
BCache is far superior to Ver Coin.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:28:24


Justification : Lightning Network = $0.01 Fee OR 100% Loss.
Probability. Say 90% Succeed or 10% for Fail.
Total. For 10 Transactions, at $30 = $30.09
In standard Bitcoin transaction Transaction Fee for 'instant' type service must be less than $30.09 / 10 = $3.01.
Thus, all those dealing in relatively small transactions, the lightning network is superior, if there is no default risk (claim to have sent a transaction but didn't).


If you want to say Bitcoin transaction fees are $5 for 'instant' type transactions, and the rate of loss is 2%, then you have a situation where the optimal value to use lightning is ($5 x (100/2)) = $250 .
Or if the fees are only $1 with 2% loss, then it is $50 or less, to justify using lightning, for trusted transfers.
Thus, in an intelligent world, all purchases of Coffee, Food, and so on, from established retailers, should likely move to lightning network already. There is no world in which it makes sense to send trusted transactions of Bitcoin between parties in which the amounts are $15 or less. Any transaction such as that is more economically profitable to switch to lightning now.
@_date: 2018-01-25 14:39:35
Also "is not ready" is subjective. Not ready for transactions over $1,000? Correct. Not ready for transaction under $5? You are far better off with Lightning vs Bitcoin for that - Even Now.
Also - 40 to 200 in 1 week. Hot diggity O.o
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:18:54


Did I say I was sweet or kindhearted?
I do charitable services because it is an obligation. If you have achieved success, the next step is to show others. Some might describe this as 'going beyond', but I do not.
I showed times in which actual costs have been incurred (printed materials, etc).
If the question is 'what would the money be used for?' - It would be for promoting the meetings, but primarily setting up other locations in other parts of the world / country. I had enough funds to purchase $2,000 in Signage and Advertisements myself, and an Office Space. Most others will not, presumably.
So in terms of an accounting for projected costs, it would likely go something like this:
$2,000 - Subsidized rent for 3 New Locations, $6,000 Total. Likely 1 in California, 1 in Europe, &amp; 1 in South America or Asia.
$2,000 - Initial signage and ads for new locations. $6,000 total.
$3,000 - Follow up advertisements for new locations, as needed.
$3,000 - 9,000 Local Mailers about the Meetups, Bitcoin, and so forth.
Each location requires around $2,000 to $5,000 to get going. From there, I think they can become self-sustaining, or close to it. The objective is to have at least 3 more prior to the end of 2018, and then 12 to 20 by 2019.
The the local mailers are part of the charitable purpose, educating the community about X subject. Bitcoin is a highly significant aspect, but not the only thing discussed (business &amp; global organization too).
While it is true 90% of most charitable funds are wasted, this charity has a very specific, visible, cost incurred : Rent, Signage, Ads. Per location is this some $6,000 or so. It is hard for anyone to claim this amount as 'excessive', or wasteful. That is very efficient.
Regarding the assertion I would steal the funds for personal use, you are ignorant.
I believe in treating others as they treat you. When people are an ass, I treat them as an ass. I don't give a fuck if you call me names after, or say I am not a nice person. I don't care about being nice, but meeting obligations. I got more materials, but they can not be shared here unfortunately. :P
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:36:36
This is semi-correct. There are many forms of banking.
There is **Centralized Banking**, which the main objective is to protect (and destroy) multi-national economies (Western vs Eastern powers) - US Federal Reserve is a branch of this, with Switzerland being the center.
There is **Receivership Banking** or Business Banking, in which the main goal is to repossess assets which have been poorly managed. USB is (was) an example of this.
There is **Investment Banking** or Venture Capitalist Banking, in which the main goal is to acquire smart people and ideas for cheap. Goldman Sachs maybe.
There is **Community Banking**, which is effectively ATM's, credit cards, mortgages, and so forth. Bank of America is one type example of this (but these are quite various).
Maybe some more general types I am missing.
Bitcoin is designed to opposes CENTRAL banking. That is the type of banking Bitcoin can destroy.
Block Chain as a whole very well might create a complete 'turn upside down' on Investment Banking as well. Bitcoin won't, but the 1,300 startups in which anyone could have participated in the ICO might (currently there is regulation, but I could see a work around coming soon).
No block chain project is setup to deal with Receivership Banking (you can also think 'Kitchen Nightmares' as another example of this type - Imagine 'Block Chain Nightmares' with Andreas and Daniel as hosts :P
Now COMMUNITY banking is a completely different animal. As noted, you can't have the 'currency' of community banking constantly appreciating, otherwise you can never borrow and repay loans - and price of goods would constantly change, and so forth.
I have a plan to replace community banking (yes it will be a new coin), but it will be a long time coming. However, if you want to stick with traditional models (as in how it works today), it works likes this :
There are 4 Entities : USA, Europe, Africa, &amp; The Big Island.
They (effectively) agree on one Central Bank, say Bitcoin. All assets of each Entity are distributed according to worth of the Entities. So let's say:
Bitcoin Distribution : 5 Mil BTC USA, 5 Mil BTC Europe, 5 Mil BTC Africa, 5 Mil BTC Big Islands
Then these Bitcoins are used to back local fiat (say Dollars). These dollars are created in such a way as to facilitate trade. USA creates USA Dollars, Euro creates Euro Dollars, and so on... Let's say initially each entity gets 20 Trillion Dollars worth 5 Million Bitcoins = Conversion $4 Million Dollars to 1 BTC.
Over the course of 3 months, USA goes from $20 Trillion to $40 Trillion dollars. Then the Central Bankers come in and audit USA goods, and count up their value on the international markets (Bitcoin Market). Let's say no others have changed.
After the Audit, rather than the USA being worth 10 Mil BTC (double)... it could be worth (40 / (40+20+20+20)) * 21 Mil = 8.4 Mil BTC with a new value of $4.7 Mil to 1 BTC.
Or the Audit reveals that the worker product of the USA has been poor and the money supply inflated, and the correct value is actually 5 Mil in Bitcoin goods (no change, only inflation). Then the price of BTC would go to $8 Million dollars for the USA, while staying the same ($4 Million) for the others.
This is effectively an ideal, simplified, scenario. In Real Life, Nations value themselves using a variety of methods (strength of military, strength of political, educational, etc, systems, and so on (not exclusively 'real' goods) - And settle accounts using a variety of methods (such as mineral extraction and slavery), not exclusively Bitcoin).
But in a 'future world' (say 2030), I suspect you might be seeing quite a change in the ways in which the Earth populations deal with each other. If the Earth Peoples keep fighting each other, this makes populating additional planets impossible, and weakens Earth to the point of no resistance against an outside force (imagine populating Mars, and then Mars unites against... Japan).
Once you get the global systems corrected, technological advancement will become... unworldly. Imagine taking all the advancement of Mankind throughout all of history, and effectively doubling that annually.
If you added up all the Continental Europeans that have ever existed, you might have 20 Billion people existing throughout various stages of Time, effectively working collectively to create Progress (or discover truth).
In the Global System you will have 10 Billion people existing AT ONCE, working to create Progress. Imagine if Aristotle could have worked with Benjamin Franklin who could work with Satoshi Nakamoto who could work with Sun Tzu who could work with Pablo Neruda, and so on... 
This is the system 'the Powers' are trying to create. Once this system is implemented, mankind will advance within 2 years more than it advanced in 20,000 years.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:45:15
Ya, updated for times when I needed to reference Kilo Byte vs Byte, etc, so that Satoshi + decimals works out correctly, thank you.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:50:04
Agreed. Will update for that.
@_date: 2018-01-05 13:08:29
Wow u are so intelligent...
It’s a resume bub, I’m not fishing for compliments.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:42:48
You could say less 'rushed' transactions... but all blocks will be 100% full until the mempool is cleared, which hasn't occurred in 2 months.
In one since, it's a technicality, but Bitcoin is likely to stay full of transactions for a long time to come. Previously only high-value transactions were getting through, and now lower-value transactions are getting through - But technically it's the same number of transactions (and likely will be for a while to come, or until blocks can no longer be filled).
If low value transactions start to make it through, then more Ver Coin and Eth type transactions will move over to Bitcoin, likely preventing the blocks from ever going empty.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:35:58
Use Gdax, and it's free to transfer ;) (all coinbase accounts have a Gdax account).
Coinbase has the OPTION to pay 30 Sat / Byte. However, you as CUSTOMER do not. Coinbase CHOOSES to pay 300 Sat / Byte (roughly), and then you must pay that as well.
In the same way in which you do not own the Bitcoins or the Forks if they are upon an exchange, you can also not set the transaction fee either. You are stuck to their whims.
That being said... coinbase is 'money transfers' to noob public, so they are likely wanting to pay more to guarantee 10 min transfer times. Unfortunately, they don't update their scripts often and would prefer to pay 5x more, rather than have to do updates more often to stay on current rates.
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:17:21
Dumbass :)
@_date: 2018-01-20 19:52:57
Made a Handy Little Guide
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:57:05
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:39:13
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:51:58
**Mining is the most Complex mission of Bitcoin to understand.** You want to think of it as the *Pyramids of Egypt meet Tesla*, or at least that is how I began to unravel the mystery.
Let's say Bitcoin is $50k at 4% Inflation = $36 Bil to mining.
Let's say **$500k at 2% Inflation = $190 Bil to mining.**


Power, globally, can begin to be transmitted using a series of antenna, as opposed to wires, or so some people think. In addition, this power can be used to stimulate weather patterns.
The completion of Tesla's dream, global power and control of weather, has very far reaching implications, including affecting the colonization of Mars. In order for this to be achieved, one might create something of an X prize.


This prize is not millions, but Billions, and growing by Billions annually, to perhaps $100 Billion or more in 2020.
Upon completion of said mission, what do you earn?
You earn one world, with infinite electricity for every living being upon it. In turn, this funnels the coalescence of the species as without electrical costs, in a robotic age, the cost of sustaining and improving life becomes trite.
This network effect of bringing millions and billions more into the system increases the velocity of technological discovery, to even greater objectives, beyond colonization of this planet. And that is what mining is. An X Prize to the development of unlimited global power.
That is the cost of Bitcoin, to be a sponsor.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:41:03
Yes, this is true.
I see the problem. Bitcoin Core wallet uses Kilo Byte, or 1,000x Byte to price, and the chart I linked to uses Byte.
The decimals I used work for the defaults within Bitcoin Core Wallet or Kilo Bytes. If you actually have a wallet pricing per Byte or Satoshi's, you'll need to move the decimal over 3 places.
The dollar conversions come out the same, but the format I used was Sat / Kilo Byte (Bitcoin Core Default Wallet - 25,000 Satoshis) vs Sat / Byte (25 Sat's).
25 Sat is actually like $0.0025 not $2.50. - 0.025 Sat / Byte will not send a transaction at all, 25 Sat / Byte will - with 250 Bytes in the average transaction (or 180 with Segwit) - or 1/4 , 1/6 Kilo Bytes (as I unintentionally referenced).
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:57:38


No... the bot grabs key words and removes the post etc.
Calling people Douche bags are we? lol
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:26:45
Is there a Bitcoin Fork today? Dec 15th?
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:29:42
Heart breaking.
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:20:22
My guide for adding a Segwit address to [Bitcoin Core]( and dealing with stuck Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:11:00




 can find those answers HERE :


You can use "addwitnessaddress addr", where addr is an existing P2PKH or P2SH address of yours. It will construct a P2SH-P2WPKH or P2SH-P2WSH address with the same key/script, if known to be valid.
Note that this command is not available until SegWit is active on the network, as before that time, such outputs would be spendable by everyone.
In a future version Bitcoin Core may switch to using such addresses by default.




Yes, it is a softfork. Every new transaction is valid according to the old rule. If not, a chain split would occur. Older clients may not see the transaction until it is confirmed, however.
@_date: 2017-12-27 11:43:23
I’ve been involved with counter culture &amp; grassroots politics for a while now. I’m an accountant though, so I come about from a different angle.
Some people, the Libertarians &amp; Anarchists, believe Bitcoin is their own personal triumph. They completely ignore the philosophies of politics, replaced instead with self-centered chauvinism. “It worked for me; therefore it should work for thee.”
Politics can be thought of as the marriage between people &amp; ideas. Bitcoin is an idea, but currently it involves relatively few people. As it expands, and more and more participate, the political systems will need to grow.
While much thought has been given to the tech, and much thought has been given to the political systems, it needs even more still. There will be an election, there will be a spokesperson, there will be a centralized group of developers. In each step Bitcoin can become subverted. Like a Chain, the weakest link shall be it’s undoing.
@_date: 2017-12-28 21:35:19
A whoops! :)
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:48:22
He can hire someone to help with the recovery.
You definitely recover the money.
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:34:15
Bitcoin Celebration Collection with M.I.A.
What Bitcoin is all about : [P.O.W.A.](






What we say to China when they try to ban us : [Borders](






What it feels like to be a HoDler in $17,000 Bitcoins : [Bad Girls](








When you are doing the LocalBitcoin Exchange : [Paper Plains](








Going on all in on Bitcoin : [Born Free](




@_date: 2017-12-11 04:29:34
A “short” is a money loan. If you have $2,000 , you can get a 5x Loan to Sell $10,000 worth of Bitcoin.
Short means you are agreeing to sell BTC at X price, Long means you are willing to Buy it. That sounds confusing, but basically short means it will go down, long it will go up.
So if you agree to sell BTC @ $15,000 at 5x Margin, meaning you put down $3,000, there is some call feature. It’s not $18,000 BTC (where you’d technically get liquidated to $0) but usually around $16,500 (10% overall value, or a 50% loss of funds).
So at $16,500 you only have $1,500 in reserves or ~10% so you are effectively getting 10x. However they may call you, requiring you to put more money down to keep the 5x limit, or close the position, in which case you lose about 50% of funds.
This bot is showing all the Margin players to have gotten busted. Margin in BTC is risky shit.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:26:41
Are their Video guides showing how to convert a Bitcoin Core wallet address over to Segwit?
I want to convert to Segwit, and transfer coins. After I convert to Segwit, can I use the GUI to transfer coins or must that also be in command prompt?
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:37:55
There we go, haha! :)
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:22:50
If u want to help Bitcoin, attend MeetUp events as you travel. I attended an event during my travels to Bern &amp; Rome. In both cases I got new contacts for future projects &amp; helped to legitimize their events. It really says something about Bitcoin when you have non-native speakers attending events. Makes the local communities feel world class. The Rome Group was super happy I came to the meeting &amp; I may try to push their tech in Knoxville or America at large.
Without the person on person meetings, they would have to hire a marketing firm &amp; get scammed most like. This way we all prosper.
@_date: 2017-12-28 01:19:09
Thank you.
I made this guide which should roughly explain it all :
I'll make a youtube video later doing it that way, too :)
Thank you again for all your help!
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:43:05
Sorry to bother you, just want to double check I did it correct.
In the Command (Debug) console, I typed :


This produced a new address.
I then sent 0.01 BTC to the new address to test it.
Then, to send FROM the new address (Segwit), I assume I need to go into Options : Enable Coin Control Features.
From there, go to send, selected the Segwit Address, and from there I can use the GUI features, correct (and just manually adjust the Fee Estimate)?
I believe that's all I need to do, but wanted to double check :)
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:08:59
I think this is effectively correct, but generally think One to Many, like a store or Coinbase. I think lightning is settled every 10 minutes, and is a State channel (controlled).
So where as Coinbase executes 1,000 Bitcoin Transactions per 10 min, it could be condensed to 1 Lightning Transaction, in the manner you described.
So all mega-merchants and businesses (Shapeshift, all exchanges) could condense their transaction to 1 per 10 mins each.
It’s unlikely to do any sort of peer to peer settlement other than say gambling (only time you realistically make multiple purchases peer to peer in under 10 mins).
What you are describing is a bit more of a ‘plasma’ or side-Chain. But I could imagine a lightning network strictly for all peer to peer, however. I don’t see why not (though it would need to somehow get publicly funded - maybe through transaction fees).
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:15:51
Will do that. I was searching for info and this is what I gathered, but that is much more clear :)




 can find those answers HERE :


You can use "addwitnessaddress addr", where addr is an existing P2PKH or P2SH address of yours. It will construct a P2SH-P2WPKH or P2SH-P2WSH address with the same key/script, if known to be valid.
Note that this command is not available until SegWit is active on the network, as before that time, such outputs would be spendable by everyone.
In a future version Bitcoin Core may switch to using such addresses by default.




Yes, it is a softfork. Every new transaction is valid according to the old rule. If not, a chain split would occur. Older clients may not see the transaction until it is confirmed, however.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:32:49
Please consider [Midnight Discovery]( 501(c)3 an Educational Society for discussing Business, Technology, &amp; Social Organization.
6 Months ago we purchased 0.5 BTC worth of Signage promoting Bitcoin Education. We purchased a 10' x 6' sign, and 2 signs 6' x 2' discussing Bitcoin education sessions, which went on Weekly, Wednesday at 5:30pm, open to the public.
We would GREATLY appreciate a generous donation, and would use the funds to send out a mailer to 10,000 Knoxville Residents discussing Bitcoin (at a cost of $3,000), purchase new signage ($500), purchase T-shirt and other accessories to distribute to contributing members for Bitcoin promotion ($1,000), and use the remainder set up more offices, preferably one overseas to foster international communications. Setting up an office requires around $10,000 initially, for a year of Rent and $5,000 in advertising. The idea is to develop a HUGE network of offices and Bitcoin information exchanges, in multiple languages, across multiple cultures and continents.
Here is a video of our [last meeting]( and our [Meetup Page]( We are now developing handouts, power points, and practicing presenting Bitcoin to groups. We have also replaced to fee for food, to sponsor instead internally, and have replaced the 'sacrifice' mechanic to distributing and issuing assignments, so that participants create the next week's teachings.
We share these videos over the internet so that all my benefit from the sessions, and see what it is like to organize a Bitcoin community.
We hope to develop a strong network of Bitcoin communities across the globe. Where as Andreas moves from town to town giving a training sessions over the course of a week or two, our focus is on building sustaining, organically designed, globally structured communities centered in Block Chain Technology, Business Interests, and Social Education. Some of the supplies we bought =) [Pictures](
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:24:50
Love the plug, show is unfunny. Modern family &amp; Blackish better.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:44:11
Please consider [Midnight Discovery]( 501(c)3
 Educational Society for discussing Business, Technology, &amp; Social Organization.


We would GREATLY appreciate a generous donation, and would use the funds to send out a mailer to 10,000 Knoxville Residents discussing Bitcoin (at a cost of $3,000), purchase new signage ($500), purchase T-shirt and other accessories to distribute to contributing members for Bitcoin promotion ($1,000), and use the remainder set up more offices, preferably one overseas to foster international communications. Setting up an office requires around $10,000 initially, for a year of Rent and $5,000 in advertising. The idea is to develop a HUGE network of offices and Bitcoin information exchanges, in multiple languages, across multiple cultures and continents.
Here is a video of our [last meeting]( and our [Meetup Page]( We are now developing handouts, power points, and practicing presenting Bitcoin to groups. We have also replaced to fee for food, to sponsor instead internally, and have replaced the 'sacrifice' mechanic to distributing and issuing assignments, so that participants create the next week's teachings.


We hope to develop a strong network of Bitcoin communities across the globe. Where as Andreas moves from town to town giving a training sessions over the course of a week or two, our focus is on building sustaining, organically designed, globally structured communities centered in Block Chain Technology, Business Interests, and Social Education. Some of the supplies we bought =) [Pictures](
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:07:05
Power corrupts, absolute power absolutely.
People care to improve their fortune, through good or ill. One can do it through good more sustainably than through ill, and in larger volumes.
Imagine you are to have 10 children. Are you to do 10 more good or 10 times the evil, say. If you define your source of power as a positive force, then you can reproduce without end or conflict.
I decently like the current system but think education needs complete reform. High school should lead to decent jobs, and college be near free and community taught.
I’d also like to see neighborhood caucuses producing delegate votes for mayors &amp; rare treasures, art, &amp; knowledge better preserved. That is a path to good &amp; prosperity.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:07:13
Please donate to [Midnight Discovery](Midnight Discovery is a nonprofit I started which is finalizing the 501c3 paperwork now (on phone with IRS). The objective of this nonprofit is to spread community Self teaching &amp; speed the propagation of Knowledge.
The methods of delivery include advertising Bitcoin (and business &amp; political learnings, but mostly Bitcoin) to the community using traditional methods, including 6’ x 10’ sign accompanied by 2 2’ x 6’ signs. We also have car magnets, cups, business cards, etc.
For this activity I’ve personally invested 1 Bitcoin in signage, and am about to spend another Bitcoin mailing out 10,000 mailers advertising Bitcoin to the local community. This is not a ‘for profit’ enterprise, the entire object is to teach people how to form groups and profit themselves through community effort.
Add more, I’ve taken down my Accounting signage (effectively closing / selling the business), to promote Bitcoin instead. Unlike Andreas who gives talks at Bitcoin conferences, the intent of this advertising is to challenge passive people to become interested in Bitcoin. Where as Andreas seek to achieve 1% worldwide, I seek to achieve 25% adoption locally. This requires a much different approach, as I am appealing to the uneducated market or followers vs leaders, if you will, aka the masses.
If I receive the Bitcoin I will not use any of the donation to setup or promote my local shop, but will instead interview and find a suitable candidate to setup another shop and help fund the setup. I will also commit to using at least 50% to fund a shop internationally (likely South America, India, or China). The funds will be spent only on signage, they will need to pay their own rents, etc.
These shops are effectively to become Grottos, and by grotto I mean a place fully dedicated to its purpose. I want Bitcoin materials lining the walls, calendars, assignments, and pamphleteering. I want to create a world of Andreas &amp; communities which can achieve true power locally, independent of top dogs.
Initially I considered charging a $20 for food, drinks, &amp; advertising but instead have moved to an assignment method. I now issue assignments to attendees to prepare for meetings, as an active club. I will likely ‘fine’ antendees $20 for failing to make an intellectual contribution two meetings in a row, to keep core members happy. As it is a knowledge club without a ‘speaker’ we need regular attendees to contribute and not exclusively mooch for investment purpose only (though this is part of the objective).
To that end, I am trying to limit ‘Alt coin’ Discussion (other than the ideas behind Alt coins, but less so on ‘gains’, etc). I hope to create a future set of programmers for Bitcoin &amp; ideas generators who learn how to network &amp; propagate materials.
During my vacation to Rome &amp; Switzerland I used a day to attend the local Bitcoin meeting, which had 80 people in attendance in Rome.  I couldn’t believe it. They were already setting up a Rome Coin, and I meet with the leader to setup the international connection. They also got their taxi services accepting Bitcoin already as well. Through these connections, we can translate for each other faster, and spread the technology without fear of ‘local competition’, etc. Previously I had established a relationship with a team in Luxembourg.
Locally, I have recruited 2 UT students (Vols, Knoxville), and taught them how to recruit programmers. They have now recruited 5 programmers. In Chattanooga, I meet with a lawyer for a local ICO project (voting), and in Nashville I have web meetings monthly (during the meetings) to discuss their ICO project (elite educational seminars, Harvard, Princeton, etc with $5 Mil in funding already).
And in Knoxville, I met a group of longtime advocates who attended the rich side investors meeting, vs my poorer area educators meeting, hoping to create a Vol Coin. They have $2 Mil to fund but were planning to contract development exclusively, which I believe will lead to a poor product. However, I hope through the connections I’ve been establishing I can get the students good jobs, and create a better product through international, consistent relationships. The international aspect is key, and multiple languages.
The longterm objective is to get maybe get 12 or so clubs established with 12 or so attendees each, or 144 members, who operate independently and aggressively spread knowledge and coordinating industrial endevears.
Locally I’ve helped make about $300,000 to $500,000 in profits through encouraging &amp; teaching of Bitcoin without worry of compensation. My goal for Knoxville however is to secure $10 Million additional investments in Bitcoin within a year, and expect each local shop to do likewise. 
Coordinating industrial projects is an added bonus. The business management teachings are important because longterm I believe it is important for Bitcoiners to keep up their job or service skills. I want them to earn a living through service, and not rely upon Bitcoin to withdrawal for food &amp; drink. I want to teach them of investments &amp; how to setup other local shops themselves, to help others.
As Bitcoin expands, I feel a new political system will begin emerging. Rather than form this ad hoc, or reactively, I want the international community to actively form philosophical clubs to engage large portions of society. In times past, these philosophical clubs formed in war &amp; did not propagate their agenda beyond the educated, intellectually industrious, and Local communities. Here I want to establish prior to war a system of discussion which is reasoned yet aggressively including the ‘common man’ along with assumption of ‘we all are one’ vs America, Italy, Switzerland, etc limiting our thought to language and geographic boundaries. Effectively this will require creating a new culture which is suitable for the globe, not a region.
As you can see it is a highly ambitious project, but one I feel is very important for Bitcoin and the world. I do not have a lot of investment capital to work with, and despite what we’ve made for others, few contribute back. I’ve spent 2 Bitcoin thus far, or about 15% of my life’s savings. However, this is even more ‘costly’ as I’m spending the Bitcoins now rather than waiting 3 years when they are worth much more but then the global problems could become out of hand, without a diverse historic communal foundation. I’ve got another to donate 0.5 BTC from the profits we’ve made him by getting him into Bitcoin.
However, another Bitcoin could go a long way. I debate about depleting my savings more for the cause, though I feel it unwise. In the local group, I want to spend $30,000 in advertising, truthfully. I will eventually fund this, myself. However, I know it is imparitive to setup 3 additional shops, at least 2 ‘non-english’ and 1 non-Western, within a year. This will require $10,000 seed capital each, likely, plus finding owners with $100,000 in assets, and a high degree of education and desire to serve. The interviews alone could take a while, plus getting them to commit $10k personally (for meeting space, utilities, furniture, etc), plus the signage which I hope to provide, which might run $2,000 initially + $4,000 per advertising blitz (say $10,000). With this, I think they can become self funding, and propagate a second shop 2 years later.
By the end of 2020, I would hope to have 12 shops, one on each continent, in 5 different languages (counting all Latin languages as one), and operating together in unison. As soon as possible, I’ll be attempting to setup a monthly 24 hour Bitcoin meeting to coordinate worldwide, at any convenient time on a Saturday, to strengthen the level of international cooperation.  This might not occur for a year, but I think if it takes longer than the end of 2018, we are becoming too late.
I would hate to see the world become divided by Bitcoin, or Bitcoin become divided within itself. Equally important however, is that all gain a share within the financial, industrial, &amp; political governance of Bitcoin, and feel empowered and educated sufficiently to fight for what is right for all. Core, Reddit, or exchanges could one day become controlled subversively, and I believe that through a powerful group of people, who actually see, hear, and work with each other, we can overcome all obstacles.
And the challenges will come. They have come, and they presumidly will only become harder to fend off. I say : Be Prepared.
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:53:35
I know how to do it in core.
You delete the mem pool &amp; ‘rebuild’. They auto unstuck in 3 days.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:28:37
Please consider [Midnight Discovery]( 501(c)3 an Educational Society for discussing Business, Technology, &amp; Social Organization.
6 Months ago we purchased 0.5 BTC worth of Signage promoting Bitcoin Education. We purchased a 10' x 6' sign, and 2 signs 6' x 2' discussing Bitcoin education sessions, which went on Weekly, Wednesday at 5:30pm, open to the public.
We would GREATLY appreciate a generous donation, and would use the funds to send out a mailer to 10,000 Knoxville Residents discussing Bitcoin (at a cost of $3,000), purchase new signage ($500), purchase T-shirt and other accessories to distribute to contributing members for Bitcoin promotion ($1,000), and use the remainder set up more offices, preferably one overseas to foster international communications. Setting up an office requires around $10,000 initially, for a year of Rent and $5,000 in advertising. The idea is to develop a HUGE network of offices and Bitcoin information exchanges, in multiple languages, across multiple cultures and continents.
Here is a video of our [last meeting]( and our [Meetup Page]( We are now developing handouts, power points, and practicing presenting Bitcoin to groups. We have also replaced to fee for food, to sponsor instead internally, and have replaced the 'sacrifice' mechanic to distributing and issuing assignments, so that participants create the next week's teachings.
We share these videos over the internet so that all my benefit from the sessions, and see what it is like to organize a Bitcoin community.
We hope to develop a strong network of Bitcoin communities across the globe. Where as Andreas moves from town to town giving a training sessions over the course of a week or two, our focus is on building sustaining, organically designed, globally structured communities centered in Block Chain Technology, Business Interests, and Social Education. Some of the supplies we bought =) [Pictures](
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:48:34
Lol this is hype. I was checking out more Zhou Tonged too. This is good stuff.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:43:21
Regarding the topic by OP, **I am running for Office** : For Knox County Mayor against [Glenn Jacobs]( aka [Kane]( the Wrestler.
Glenn Jacobs is actually a good guy, and I am not running a 'hate' campaign against him. I am running a 'rehaul the system' campaign.
My Election is not until August, and I need 40,000 Votes to win. This will be difficult to achieve, as through name recognition, etc, I can probably get 1,000 to 2,000, but little more. However, I have thought it through.
Some major points of my campaign :
1) Localize Governance and Enforcement of Law.




2) Education refocused to be centered on Human Achievement and high practical knowledge.








3) Safe guard our Treasures and our Lives




**In Conclusion**, through reshaping communities to think locally in terms of governance, globally in terms of education and economics, and heroically in terms of parenthood and social responsibility, we can reshape a world that can exists within this one yet lead the way to the next New World.
[Keller of Knoxville]( for Mayor of Knox County
Those are the main topics I am promoting at the moment.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:04:29
I think you need to order all these cloths custom. Amazon is nothing close.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:45:37
We are all on the same page.
Red Turban, Gray long sleeve, white mini-dress, gold - vitically striped breast plates, boss Stash.
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:56:06
@_date: 2017-12-01 08:39:25
@_date: 2018-05-10 15:37:18
I think it's better to think of this in the negative.
Imagine you are establishing a scarcity and abundance system. Things that create life, have high use, you want in abundance (water). The advocate for the scarcity of water, as a display of wealth, would be to put one at odds against all living things.
Gold, in contrast, is scarce. Removing gold from the lives of 99.999% of populations does little to negatively impact their life force. Thus when one displays their gold, it is of no more consequence than one displaying toe nail clippings. Which might be of great contrast to the reception one might receive for displaying (and wasting) vast amounts of animals, plants, or water.
Then you get to immutability, in which gold is immutable, but toe clippings are not. Thus, if we are to subscribe to a common system of wealth, one might prefer gold.
The statement by Smith (and much of his work from what I've found), are statements made opposite to the truth, or creating of evidence to support a theory, as opposed to the vice. Gold is not useful as a currency because it is of low value, but because it is immutable. Water is not useful as a store of wealth because of its high value, but because it would be cruel.
His fish market story is also incorrect. He suggests free market decreased the prices of fish, when in fact it is more to do with the loss of reputation and branding against an ignorant consumer.
In story, name brand fish mall merchants are stripped, and the 'flea market' of fish was created as a replacement. Immediately prices plummeted, as quality became indiscernible by consumers, and price became the most commonly understood metric by which to determine value. He uses this analogy to assert 'more providers, lower price, higher quality' or similar, but his test was short-lived, and his conclusion short-sided. There are benefits to reputation building, and to protecting the consumer from a 'flea market' shopping experience.
These things cost money, or a tax, and so long as expenses are reasonably maintained, the tax is beneficial to the common, or users. It's not quite as simplistic as more merchants equal more goods distributed equal greater well-fare for the common.
@_date: 2018-05-25 19:07:30
You haven't thought it through.
There are 3 simple ways to short BTC via 51% disruption. But I want to emphasize "disruption". Profiting from a double spend repeatedly would be challenging, or all at once, but disrupting is excellent business.
1) Futures, obviously, maybe get 100x leverage (meaning for every $1,000 spent you have possible $1 Mil Profit).
2) Alternate investment cash pump. Many crypto are starting to appear indistinguishable. Should there be 100 BTC forks, and should Jihan become a significant crypto investor in terms of wealth, then he could buy a concentrated supply of XYZ coin, and destroy all competitors, bumping his "Real" BTC profits up from maybe 5% ownership to 25% ownership. Once the dust settles, this could be a $30 Billion play. The attacker could destroy Litecoin, BCash, and so on, virtually simultaneously.
A 3rd way is on-going right now, if curious.
3) Buy concentrated supply of BTC, pump price. Produce huge inflow of New ASIC Tokens, sell at inflated prices as future calculation of BTC value are factors into purchase price. Repeat. Lead market to create ridiculous expectations of future value, which boost your hardware sale prices. Mass produce new ASIC destroying the value of old ASIC. Sell previously hoarded BTC. Slowly reacquire previous ASICs sold at foreclosure prices, lease space, power contracts, and so on, world wide. From there, artificially inflate the value of BTC by re-acquiring a concentrated supply of BTC, this time with an even greater percentage of control over the mining, and future promises of BTC distributions.
In the last method, a 51% disruption attack could be used to finally break the back of any reluctant miners, refusing to surrender their lease contracts.
If Jihan could 51% attack BTC at any time, this would likely cause the price to fall by 60%. There are a trillions of ways he can profit from this chaos with his network of associates.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:04:08
But still... a garage.
It will save you thousands.
@_date: 2018-05-25 19:41:28
1) Jihan can redirect his resources to a new or similar network, or if he develop the first and best ASICs for Bitcoin, he is best positioned to create new ASIC for New Coin, if it's derived from a similar process (Shrinking of chips, similar raw materials of production, regulation of manufacturing, etc).
Without a replacement blockchain it wouldn't work well, but even if Bitcoin was destroyed, I don't think it would destroy Ethereum, and some others, and he could coordinate an ideal timing shift if he makes progress in a resembling competitor, even if not Bitcoin Cash, if he controls the Next Level Mining Innovation.
Good reply though. Generally I don't feel it's a less than 6 months concern, but a 2 year concern. However its my prediction that after 6 months the community will fail to act, because of outside circumstances, lack of cohesion, etc. And thus become a known bad thing upon the horizon -o.o-
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:40:03
I suggest reading his statement first, and attempting to understand it with equal if not more energy than you put into your rebuttal.
You do not comprehend.
@_date: 2018-05-11 18:19:05
I agree with this. I say about 90% of BTC is wash, same with ETH. Then with the small boys, the ones that actually have trading volume but no market cap, I think it's more like 98% wash.
Most crypto volume is wash trades, or traders who are buying and selling and liquidating by days end.
If you buy and hold, you trade once per lifetime? or like 5 times a year? How can you make a market around that?
1 million buys and sells of Bitcoin daily, with 17 million supply, is ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-02-08 14:13:58
Desperation attempt 
@_date: 2017-02-24 13:25:45
The SP went up 21.7%, BTC 156.4%.
Therefore, the end point of BTC should be 7.2 times higher than the SP.
* 8
* 7 ------------------------------ BTC
* 6
* 5
* 4
* 3
* 2
* 1 ------------------------------ SP
* 0 SP - BTC
@_date: 2017-02-24 05:32:44
I say 10% of your assets in Bitcoin is good, or $10,000.
40% or more would be crazy.
@_date: 2017-02-24 14:51:24
You are correct :)
Made the changes (added a 0)
@_date: 2017-02-23 21:04:42
First Rule of BitCoin:
* Do not Understand BitCoin.
@_date: 2017-02-23 00:05:34
I feel absolutely terrible but I had to buy more :(
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:40:16
I don't think anyone knows, for sure.
@_date: 2017-01-16 17:31:56
By "$1" I'm more specifically referring to the statistical average of the collective value of new goods produced by one individual, and then 'factored' down to the amount of money necessary to trade such goods.
I will say it's a tough cookie, and there are likely some additional ideas or concepts that would help clarify the matter.
Ah, but what is stable? :P
It's *relatively* easy to create a 'stable' currency (or rather BitCoin has accomplished this objective, over all). But I would wager it's harder to create a market viable currency.
I wouldn't be surprised if the 'the world' utilizes both approaches in the end, one stable currency for international trade, and one market currency for consistent pricing of goods, wage.
@_date: 2017-01-16 17:02:29
Yes, by $1 dollar, put more accurately you might say $56,000 (average productivity), or one might argue 'monthly productivity' vs 'annual' is a better determiner of money supply, but essentially it's "How much does one produce, and how much money is necessary to transact business for such level of production."
As production increases, the amount of money necessary to transact business will always increase.


I would need a bit more explanation here ;) I'm not familiar with what Nash proposed - care to expand?
Just on a statistically level. So long as an 'average' is achieved, it's fine. No need for people to 'maximize' potential, they could likely be completely unproductive, so long as an average is able to be assessed - A huge influx of shit (or brainiac) kids would require a temporary adjustment ;)
"the rate of advance" in society IS a difficult question, and would change over time. Industrial Revolution, for example, would create a lot more "advance", and so on. But as it applies to the individual, on the 'economic' scale, it just needs to be consistent statistically, and over say 300,000,000 Americans, it's *likely* fair to say the next births of say 300,000 will be similarly productive as the generation before, regardless of how it falls, person to person :)
Nah, just some thoughts I needed to pin. Thank you for the compliment!
@_date: 2017-01-18 04:13:52


I think you are likely right in this regard. There is significant value in 'network dynamics' and so forth. The creation of a currency, that is virtually indestructible yet highly transferable, has significant, significant value. A value more than gold.
First of, I want to say awesome post. I really had forgot about the whole transaction thing, and hope the Bitcoin Civil War can end soon :) I'm not super knowledgeable about bit coin, but have become a bit pessimistic as people tell me that the transaction fees  have increased, but more importantly, the time it takes to clear a transaction now has gone up substantially, and that's at a relatively low level of adaptation.
In such a way, as a Ultra Stable Medium of Exchange, I agree with you, that will always retain a significant amount of value because of the utility it provides, internally.
However, if it was to ever be used as currency, it would face similar issues to gold, which is that the rate of expansion does not 'inflate' to account for new comers, and thus, the value to hold, rather than transact, will always remain more profitable as society expands.
That said, I agree with you. Bitcoin is not a digital currency, it is digital gold. It is the first mover, it will remain the most stable. To imply it has use for transacting as a currency is to misunderstand it's abilities. It has one ability in which it can exceed all others (assuming the expansion thing is fixed) and the is to remain solid, unbreakable.
Side note (and just cause I think you might know, and I'm curious ;) - Do you know the rate at which knew bitcoins are added to the market place? Is it possible to set that to say, +10% annually? Or is purely based on how much electricity / hardware is devoted to the cause?
I know it's loosely based on technological power (mining), and of course the abilities of technologies will increase, but I've had the impression as the coin grows the 'cost' to mine expands almost exponentially, so thus say 100 years from now to create new coin you'd need to like to devote an entire cities worth of power or some such to the project.
Is that sort of correct, or is much more akin to ~2% annual expansion? I know I'm dumbing it down a lot lol.
Thank you for your reply, very, very insightful. Thank you again :)
@_date: 2017-01-22 10:12:12
Agreed. Ty.
@_date: 2018-06-04 06:54:38
What are the fees on BISQ?
It seems like for a $7,000 trade you might pay $20. That’s reasonable. The page is so confusing I thought this was $200 one night.
Also ‘20 to 400 Sat / byte’ is quite high. Especially today. And paying ‘3x that’ as Taker is even more expensive.
Is this old or accurate?
The BISQ fee page needs to get cleaned up. I’ll send Beams a tweet with a better statement.
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:20:19
[What if Bitcoin reduced the block bonus from 12.5 BTC per block to 0.5 BTC per block?]( That would fix the long-term SoV, the Transaction Spam Attacks (which are coming), better protect L2 (which is particularly vulnerable to Transaction spamming, and reduce miner monopolization.
@_date: 2018-06-21 15:10:52
If you feel I am the bias, you can check out this post too.
[Other CPA](
No one with experience believes this report to be of any use. People without experience like to talk a lot. Who is correct? HARD TO SAY.
And congrats on your 4 months old account used to harass people.
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:02:16
But it is outside their scope of expertise. The only thing I know is that the lawyer feels it is worth the risk to state what they have stated.
Anyways, I believe you will see what you want to see. What makes you believe this lawyers are qualified auditors?
How many lawyers issue auditing, but not really, statements? I would have to think this is outside the scope of their customary practices. How many other audits have these lawyers performed, or is this their first and only audit?
But you don't ask those questions. You are smart, but do not ask reasonable questions.


That's a pretty important conflict of interest, IMO.


Fluff. Why fluff? Is this intended to persuade, or to be an authoritative document?




False, they choose a singular date, not "dates". Why mislead the public?
You might ask.... randomly selected, but just so happened to be this month? What was the criteria for this RANDOM selection of dates? Between June 1st and June 5th?


Oh, I wonder if it words matter... I mean they use a lot of accounting words, but state they are not used in accordance with the normal definitions for those words. Would this mislead the public?


Again, a singular date, when the open with "dates".
And as pointed out, they could show a Line of Credit for $2,500,000,000 as well. They could have $0 actual truly disposable, or Tether allocated, cash available. All this did was examine one piece of an incomplete picture. Maybe if you see a toe, it is attached to a human, or it could just be a toe. Auditors, and financial people know this. Sure, and FBI agent would know this as well, but he is stated to be a "founding partner". Did he work on this case, is he still with the firm? etc. But it doesn't matter, they say "unencumbered" but technically a unsecured line of credit would show a similarly, and it would be easy to negotiate this with the banks, with the clear intention it was not to be used, etc, but only to support this reporting.
But I really don't think you are interested beyond the title. Tether is great, have at it... I really don't care, but this statement means very very little.
@_date: 2018-06-20 21:42:17
I am an auditor, licensed CPA, etc. Another auditor, from the Big 4, made a similar [statement]( My view on this whole thing.
I know lawyers, and how they act. Remember a lawyer's BONUS only comes in AFTER a client gets sued. Up until then, they just earn retainer, basic fee. During a lawsuit, they get millions.
Granted there are kind lawyers out there, but corporate lawyers are paid to lie. And I don't mean 'whoops' but out-right lie. This is their responsibility. They HOPE for a lawsuit, and management simply hopes they don't get caught.
Auditors are quite different. Auditors are NOT allowed to play stupid (lawyers are). Auditors LOSE money in a lawsuit, lawyers gain money. While Auditors ultimately serve management (see Auditors Tether Fired), their obligation is to walk away from bad relationships, AND to warn others. Lawyers have no such obligation, and typically are actually forbidden from disclosing information, even to governments, where as Auditors are required to divulged all information that contacts them. And not "if sued" but every 3 years, or so - so regularly Auditors get 'Audited', by competent professionals.
So... pretend there is a medical clinic that does fake surgery, profiting Billions of dollars in 'untraceable' currency. Let's pretend a medical hospital with a reputation 'audited' this fake clinic, and was fired half way through. Now rumors fly. Now say there is a LAWYER who says "I've confirmed this surgeries to be legit".
Is he telling the truth? Well... one, he's NOT A FUCKING DOCTOR, or an Accountant - so he has provided NO EXPECTATION OF EXPERTISE. Just as a hobo can tell you he can cure you with a magic crystal and not get into trouble, so can a lawyer. Doctors can not. Likewise, Auditors can not, regarding financial matters.
Two, they FIRED THE FUCKING AUDITORS, the QUALIFIED, AND EDUCATED PEOPLE. Sure, maybe it was because they were fat, too black, or some other weird dumbass shit you believe, but it's MUCH more likely it was because their conclusion would have been unfavorable. I mean, they probably paid them $100,000 up to that point, why fire them for having a bad attitude? It's more likely it was because $100,000 is less than the cost of preventing them from issuing a statement.
THREE, the person telling you the 'surgeries' (or tether) are legit IS THE FUCKING PERSON WHO GETS PAID MOST WHEN PEOPLE LIE AND ARE HURT from said lies. You might want to ask yourself, ARE LAWYERS CHEAP HOBOS WHO DO WORK FOR FREE? Why then hire dumbasses who cost ass tons of money to do work they are WAY unqualified for, unless their primary qualification (being able to lie, and profit from it), is the exact and only skill you need.
Lastly, as someone else mentioned (I haven't read the report), the lawyers statement is that AT ONE TIME, Tether had equal dollars as Tethers. You might notice how absolutely moronic that statement is. I can represent on paper to have 100x more money than I ordinarily do, if the only question is 'what's the most money you are capable of possessing' instead of how much money do you normally possess. Creating an artificially high 'spot' price for an instant in time is relatively easy. Thus the lawyers could technically be correct (best kind), but highly misleading to the public.
I'll give a small anecdote, which shouldn't really matter, but all the same. On one of my first audits I was given 2 hours to read a 130 page legal contract. I of course asked their corporate lawyer if there was anything relevant in the contract, and of course he said "no", but he wouldn't say this via email, only verbally. I began reading, and found Contract, which referenced Clause A, Clause A referenced to Clause Y, and Clause Y referenced to Clause G3, and Clause G3 referenced to Q7 - And Q7 said that the corporation technically owed double their current net worth BACK to the original investors (who had lost a lot of money up until then).
I'm no lawyer, so I go back to the lawyer, he says it's all good, not relevant. I go to the partner. Their VP, CEO come to me and say not relevant. I reread, again, go to the partner. Partner says it doesn't appear relevant, but he will ask the lawyer himself. Lawyer then shuts us down, refuses any further communication, and refuses to answer any more questions. We go to the 'board' of partners, the partners agree with my findings, we issue statements addressing 'going concern' etc.
However, the main moral to the story is that a lawyer is smarter than you in the code of law. If the lawyer can not get sued for saying Y, he will say whatever the fuck you want him to say for Money. If you are dumb enough to believe a lawyer, then it's ultimately your responsibility for being a dumbass, and the courts will agree.
WHY FIRE THE AUDITORS, AND WHY HAVE A lawyer ISSUE THE AUDITORS REPORT INSTEAD? Because they get paid to lie, dip.
But all that said, I suspect Tether has ~80% liquidity. I am 100% confident they have not had 100% liquidity, at all times. Just observing their business practices, I also feel confident they are planning for a lawsuit, and to flee jurisdiction. Maybe it takes years before their bubble gets popped, maybe never. Really all you need is around 40% liquidity to keep something like Tether working. But perpetual fraud is costly, and as time goes on they are more likely to eventually pop. Sure use Tether all you want, but calling it 'backed' by dollars is pretty stupid. It's just a centralized banking system put on to crypto with a false pretense. Is that a problem? Well, maybe, and maybe not.
Tether could also have 100% of their amounts backed up all the time now, who knows. But they fired their auditors, and hired a lawyer to issue an auditors report lookalike. Surely most are smart enough to know what that means.
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:30:59
In short, nothing. As in nothing magically terrible happens.
But ~50% of the BTC white paper was spent warning against allowing people to get over 10% of network control.
So, for noobs, the answer is nothing.
But from a technical sense, at 51% you gain 100% of 'what is Bitcoin'. The consensus question is 'what do 51% of the people say?' and at that point, this would represent Bitmain alone - There is no question of 'what were the votes', etc. At 51% BTC would show 100% agreement and the 49% would be kicked off Bitcoin.
Another is that 51% of New Bitcoins would go to Bitmain (or about $3 Bil / yr)
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:47:09
I think Szabo is 50, and a professor but whatev's.
@_date: 2018-06-22 01:17:19
Just hitting zero ‘at some point’ say 50 yrs in future.
@_date: 2018-06-21 11:44:15
Ya that’s pretty fair.
@_date: 2018-06-26 11:10:14
Ya BTCPay already does this (I think). Title seems false to me.
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:14:55


lol... are you kidding? I would suggest you begin arguing with your doctor about medical ideas. Technically your opinion is equal to his, in your mind. Maybe he can use some healing crystals...
@_date: 2018-06-21 14:54:43
What does "random" mean in this context? They already said they are not using normally accepted definitions for accounting terms.
Based on your understanding, of the ~500 days they had to choose from, they randomly selected June 1st, as in all days had equal probability?
If I told you I randomly choose the number 7, would you believe me? I said it was random. Do you care to ask how the randomness was determined? If not, you don't really care to understand... so why have such a strong opinion? Because you are emotionally committed to a false narrative.
Wrong, and wrong... all your points are made from someone who doesn't care to understand what words mean :P
lol what the fuck is my agenda? To spread financial understanding?
Who fucking gives a shit about Tether. It's not like I'm shorting Tether. And I really don't think it impacts Bitcoin price as much as you've been lead to believe. I really feel it impacts quite little. If there was no Tether, I suspect the price would actually go up and volatility decrease, but that's just my opinion and I don't really give a shit either way.
@_date: 2018-06-21 11:46:26
A janitor is an authorized representative. Every single employee is automatically an ‘authorized representative’.
@_date: 2018-06-25 17:00:32


(Domain Seized)
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:17:10
lol :P
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:09:23
It’s better to think of it in terms of ‘false authority’.
You accept coders know more of Bitcoin than you do, yes? Jason Loop, etc, Luke Jr. so on, are major influencers of Bitcoin.
They’ve spent 5,000+ hours coding. Thus their authority is legit. False authority is like Degrees and purchased certificates.
But no, someone who spends no time studying something is not equal to someone who devotes years to a thing. That’s common sense really. If you feel defensive when you share an opinion that came from little effort and it’s not well received, the trick is to put in more effort, not make up names to call people.
@_date: 2018-06-21 15:02:38
You talk a lot but read little.
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:58:17
People are quick to dismiss things they do not understand, and write them off as the work of angels and demons. Many (and I'd guess most) large buy and sell orders are actually legit.
What one could do is apply logic to discover the answer. Is $7,620 a good price for Bitcoin? What about "bad news"?
$7,620 is a good price for Bitcoin, under most any circumstance, so yes, the order is probably legit.
Why not do OTC? Um... maybe they have fees...
When I do OTC, fees run extremely heavy, maybe 3 to 10%. Sure I get the whole order at price, but... over GDAX or similar, I can pay 0% fee. A 3% fee is like paying $200 more per coin.
$7.5 Mil buy order is not enough to permanently move the market. If the buyer is in no hurry, he can leave it up for a week and it will probably hit to completion. Sure, it moves the market for a day or three, but over a week, it's nothing.
Using bots and so forth to expedite the trade, sure, is marginally better (and at $7 Mil cost effective), but if you don't want to risk all your money getting lost to a API bot bug, a huge buy order is the best way. Placing a series of small orders makes it more likely that you'd miss out when someone else tries to place a large sell order, and costs times. Hourly rate of persons managing $7 Mil should be $700 / hr or so, or more if reality is $700 Mil order, and this is 1 in 100 series of 'small' orders.
This could also represent the plannings of a Rewind Attack, as what happened with BTG.
If you are smart, and paid attention the market factors which preceded that attack, in order to double spend, one must first acquire BTG (or BTC). Prior to attack, BTG soars in value = Attacker acquired much BTG less than 1 week prior to attack.
= Makes sense attackers are not 'long term hodlers' and instead are opportunists who must acquire shortly before attack.
The leaders of Bitcoin (aside Luke and Cobra), but the "HONEST", centralized leadership of Bitcoin has being lying to the public. A Rewind Attack on Bitcoin is extremely likely in the near future. It is much cheaper to Rewind Bitcoin than people have been lead to believe, and much more destructive.
The cost to Rewind Bitcoin 1 Block = 12.5 BTC * Market = $95,000.
100% of Miners are competing for $95,000 thus offering $95,001 = 51%.
To Rewind Bitcoin for 2 hours = Less than $1.5 Million.
Add more, doing so effectively bankrupts most mining pools (miners paid, 'earned', and then 'unpaid' when chain resets, etc).
Add more Miners coin is spendable after 100 Blocks. Rewinding 100 Blocks costs $10 Million. Doing so would permanently bankrupt all miners, and the attacker would then be perpetually profitable ($100,000 earned per block, immediately spendable upon each new block after 100). Thus $10 Million is the MOST it costs to perpetually consume the entirety of the Bitcoin Network, forever (in a closed system, without human interference or logic).
Be smart, don't be a sheep. Use math to justify, don't listen to "cold storage" shillers, even if real pretty and complimentary. Listen to your opponents, combat through production not mud.
Each new mud ball is a line of code destroyed, forever. Your time is finite, guard it like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:56:11
If you were to condense your main reason for finding the Tether report ‘of value’, what would that be?
I was rereading your main, first post, and honestly I didn’t see a lot of ‘questions’ beyond some rhetorical (why would they do that?) type stuff. You present some concepts, and then start assign ‘low medium’ probabilities. I’m not sure if one of these was more of interest to you than another, but mostly the probabilities are ‘extremely high’.
But anyways, if there was a condensed ‘I believe this, thus report matters’, what would that be?


Ok, this seems to be the crux of your argument I guess. The statement says that only on one specific date Tethers bank account showed $2.5 Bil. Obviously this could change over time. Likewise the statement says they are using accounting terms but not using standard definitions. Also the statement says that they did not use standard procedures.
The statement also does not assert that these funds should be used to rebuy Tethers. I says they are free for whatever purpose. But it also doesn’t address loans. You could credit card debt $20,000, and then issue $20,000 Tethers, and in your logic you might be ‘fully solvent’. And another Redditer mentioned they could have just asked a janitor instead of a signed letter from the bank manager (standard).
You play it off like people do not steal often or *conspire*. This is completely inaccurate to reality. People steal $100,000 very regularly. Millions and billions would tempt anyone and everyone.
The report was designed to misled and you allowing yourself to get mislead IMO. “Tether has access to the funds they claim” is not what the report states. It states at one time a bank account showed a balance. You are adding a lot to it, as that is what the report should have addressed, but that is not exactly what it states. That’s the whole ‘verify’ thing. You can ask me “did you get the milk?” And I can reply “I went grocery shopping, didn’t I?” - but that only implies an answer and even if I was a lawyer I could sign a written statement stating such, and not have gotten the milk. You ask a question, I answer a different one. That’s what this ‘lawyers statement’ is about. You think it answers the question you asked, when in fact it says virtually nothing.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:11:31
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:30:42


Do you have experience in these matters? Have you ever caught someone in a significant financial lie?
I have strong medical opinions, but that is not because I am trained in medicine. I simply have strong opinions. With financial crime, I am quite experienced, and the others with experience have reached similar conclusions as I have.
But you could be right, or simply be a person with strong conviction but little knowledge. Maybe you can post this to and state that this proves that Tether could pay off a $2.5 Bil loan if they were called to do so (refund the Tethers).
That is what this report is implying, as no one cares how much money they had on June 1st, only that they have a similar amount now. But those with experience in the field will disagree with you. You must ask yourself why that is.
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:54:15
Yes, you are welcome. :)
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:06:31


You are wrong. I am appealing to experience. Authority is a title, experience comes with time and commitment. You have no commitment or expectation to be correct. You can argue with doctors about medical issues all day. Just because a doctor will not argue with you endless for free, does not mean you are correct. If you spent time crafting better statements, I would care to reply. I do not in this case.
Admittedly, you have little to offer in the way of financial analysis, as you state. Your statements prove this to be true. So, we are not in disagreement here, you simply want me to argue with you :P Do you argue with people who say Bitcoin is like the tulips?
Anyways, maybe someone else would like to continue the discussion, but I do not. Nor do I argue with people who say Bitcoin is the tulips, because I know these people are not interested in learning, only arguing. That doesn't please me, in particular.
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:49:29
Ya, Cobra is a troll.
BUT if by frozen you mean 'harassed to uselessness', then that would be true.
@_date: 2018-06-08 15:03:06
The thing I hate most about 'technical trading' is that the people who promote it are effectively the 'prosperity gospel' type preachers, with an equally ignorant, but convicted, audience.
However, it is profitable to both buy your way into a trading club, and to run a trading club as the head. And if you promote witchcraft trading, then your audience will remain ignorant, and it saves a lot of time vs presenting fundamental analysis, etc. Most people are very arrogant and will argue their 5 minutes of insight vs your 20 hours of study as if you are equally informed. With technical trading, you simply say "look, a shooting star!" And you can conceal your real analysis and avoid headaches.
There are plenty of times when technical trading is useful. For example, if you are doing a "black swan" (buying at 80% off peak), type trading, technical is good because you can evaluate 1,000 options in minutes.
Another time technical analysis is useful is in concentrated holdings, or low volume cryptos. For example, it is good to be able to spot of someone is trying to sell 100,000 Bitcoin at a good price (triple top they say), or vice versa. To me this feels like common sense, but whatever.
For "black swan" type trading, I think technical is actually quite profitable. But against Bitcoin or Ethereum, I think at best you are only going to get a minor edge. Not worth the time, IMO.
Typically you can get a lot more information by just looking at the order books. Sure, that seems too simple, but really it's not like the banksters are dead set on tricking you. More often lazy people need fairy tales to justify their dilemmas, or arrogance.
Just as person says "I lost my private key, Bitcoin is a scam!" so do people say "I lost my money trading, Investing is a scam!" and so on.
@_date: 2018-06-21 14:06:29


That's not at all what the report said. The report says that on one day, June 1st, a bank account showed a balance of $2.5 Bil. It said nothing to indicate this money could be used to payoff Tether, you just are applying what you wanted the report to say, not what it technically states.
Also, the report is intended to mislead people. You have been misled.
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:47:10
That is actually very correct. They could have just asked anyone.
Typically you write letters, signed by bank managers (a person with something to lose). And typically you examine multiple days, to look for unusual changes, etc.
With as little as they did during the ‘audit’ they could have simply stated exactly what they did without being vague about it.
People talk about auditing Tether likes it’s difficult. It SHOULD BE just cash compared to amount of Tether. Cash should only go in or out with new Tether, exactly equal. There should be virtually no debts, etc, other uses for the bank account.
And regarding your statement, in all seriousness it’s crazy to not use a standard procedure to verify a million, let alone billions. As you say, a janitor could have provided the confirmation.
@_date: 2018-06-21 05:45:26
1) Sure - but their literal statement is virtually devoid of meaning.
2) Strongly disagree - you are reading too much into their statement, and underestimate frequency of financial crime, vastly.
3) There are many reasons, but that is the simplest. Again you are reading too much into it, they stated only on June 1st Tether had money. Not on any other day. Never that ‘Tether is solvent’.
4) Extremely Plausable. You call it ‘rumors of insolvency’. This is false. Tether is explicitly stated to NOT be backed by dollars. These funds are stated as ‘unencumbered’ - for use for any purpose. They are Explicity stated that they are not restricted to the use of repurchasing Tether.
Crypto community calls Tether ‘insolvent’ but the company could have Billions, which could be spent on salaries or whatever. If ‘Tether’ drops to $0.05, that by no means make Tether insolvent, as a company. Their crypto, sure, but that doesn’t matter. They could have $2 Billion in cash, and a crypto worth $0.01 and that would be fine. They under no obligation to repurchase the Tethers, and thus they could likely get a loan (frankly) for millions or billions, with the stipulation that it is never to leave the bank, as in a billion dollar loan with a requirement that the account retains a billion dollars or more, etc.
Long story short, read their statement and ask yourself what are they not telling you. They specifically state they do not use commonly accepted definitions, so what definitions are they using? They are not using commonly accepted procedures, so what were they exactly?
In the accounting professions this is referred to as professional skeptism. Assume everything not explicitly stated is a source for a lie, or error, and respectful demand clarity. In this case, they say more about what they didn’t do, vs what they actually did. And they say they didn’t follow normal procedures designed by professionals.
What would you think of my coding program I built using Legos? I say it’s better than Bitcoin, prove me wrong. - Well, one might say, the fact it doesn’t use any standard coding language is sufficient to dismiss it. Maybe it is better than Bitcoin, but if it was, it would be easier to have used Python, etc. You should be suspicious when people present unusually methods for solving simple problems.
If you believe in something, you make it understandable, reproducible. If you write your masters thesis in Ancient Latin and claim it to be an A paper but no one could read it, why would presume it to be good? If no one can read the paper, it deserves a F. “My dog ate it” should not be an accepted excuse, and here the lawyers make up new ideas for solving issues that have been solved long ago, and standardized. Properly verifying a bank balance is old hat.
@_date: 2018-06-08 15:10:54
I suspect BTC might hit a new high Thanksgiving, but will stablize below $15,000 once again, but stay closer to that figure throughout 2019.
That said, I have EXTREME reservation in 2020 (having). Not that it won't hit a new high, sure, but instead of $500,000 or $250,000, I think it will be closer to $40,000 to $80,000 (assuming BTC retains similar dominance).
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:41:25
It takes $10 Bil / yr to create a MAJOR price bump. $250 Bil over 3 yrs even would send the price to like $100,000 / coin easy.
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:02:06
Didn't Andreas say like a year and half ago that we are nearing the fastest possible chips?
Bitcoin mining has been extremely profitable, more than most realize, but people are making 50% less than they were in February. That is quite a level of depreciation.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:35:19
I'm still moving my coins off exchange, just in case.
@_date: 2017-11-04 12:17:24
Granted it’s all fun to poke at others... but we effectively all turned down Bitcoin in 2009 at 0.01 and effectively all bought the ‘million dollar pizza’.
Even if you were a kid, there was the Bitcoin faucet, Mining, and writing about BTC. Vitalik got his start not as CEO of Ethereum, but as a crypto blogger after losing too many games of Warcraft, and after much nudging from his father.
I think orginally Vit was taking BTC donations for articles, and I think in today’s values he received well over a million in donations, when he was about 15.
@_date: 2017-11-11 14:16:59
Are u familiar with the ancient states of Greece? Sparta = warlords, Athens = Brains... but there were many more. They shared the Oracles, and had common forms of trade, but a very weak Central authority.
The US Republic was founded on this principle. Each state permitted as much uniqueness as Athens to Sparta, but with two basic simple rules.
* Don’t kill one another
* Trade &amp; Prosper
Jesuses commandments are quite similar for those that understand the Bible. Jesus followed the Socrates, Aristotle definition of God meaning Truth, Knowledge, &amp; Universal Principles - not the personified idolatry of the Old Testaments or Romans.
In the ancient world, and today, there must become an agreed upon, immutable, value. Gold is the longest standing, but oil has been used as well. So long as a large group shares a common system of trade, it becomes less profitable to corrupt societies &amp; provoke war. Trade is always more prosperous than war, unless a group of people flatly refuse to recognize gold, or oil, as having value. Then war become profitable.
In the US system, each state competed for superiority which was judged by the outside world, which was qualified in gold. Without war, he who was most prosperous was the victor. Europe continued to war, each time their fiat getting debased completely, needing to get reset in gold. In short, the US prospered immensely simple by not warring with each other and acquiring goods which new countries would need after their fiat or tribe fell apart.
In cryptoland, we are still building our gold. The least centralized, yet robust, system of exchange in which all nations base their value. The most important factor here is that there never becomes one central owner controlling a huge chunk (Foundation, miners, region of earth). Of all crypto, BTC is the most dispersed - by a huge margin really.
And this is the strength of BTC. Not as merchant exchange, but as the foundation upon which all others are built. ETH claims to be Web 3.0, which may prove true and rule for a time like petroleum, but the ownership is highly centralized in Europe. Bitcoin is owned in China, island nations, &amp; is the defacto ‘first’ coin for the non-tech casuals, the ‘crypto dollar’. The marketing speaks for itself - we all own some BTC, why not base values in BTC. If ETH were to dominate, the casuals &amp; island nations would suffer while a few in Europe &amp; America would immensely prosper. Eth should do well, but is likely to be valued relative to BTC, which is valued against all others, vs the other way around.
I suspect BTC will solidify its status in 2020. From then on, all future coins seeking global acceptance will airdrop to BTC, vs engage in global marketing endeavors, further solidifying BTC’s role as the global peer-to-peer cash.
It is unprofitable to rob the BTC atm. In theory, those who war shall immensely suffer without collecting spoils, while those who study &amp; trade prosper, as did the Greeks, as did the Americans, as did the Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-11-20 18:03:02
I don't use that wallet, but yes, it's probably a good idea.
Effectively I think it's best to keep 80% to 100% in the home wallet.
If you like, leave maybe 10% of coin on coinbase and use GDAX.com to trade, to sell at peaks and rebuy in valleys.
@_date: 2017-11-20 09:08:54
Agreed. I think it's best to keep things simple.
Effectively so long as you conclude with 'where to go for further reading' you are good.
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:52:48
Plan on 2020. I’ve read the tea leaves. We are not to be above $50,000 prior to 2020.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:22:01
The whales I know have ALL sold all their BTC, around $6,000. That may be $5 to $10 Million in BTC they sold over the last few weeks.
I sold 50% round $6,500 just to have some leverage, and put in a buy order at $5,500. However, I am unhappy not having BTC, so moved it back up to $6,300.
General 'patterns' suggest the dip will last 24 hours, down to like $5,500. However, this may have been a 'one time push' by just a few big whales. However, typically they issue their sales over a 24 hour period, seems to me, and they simply have too much to not move the market each hour they sell.
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:58:55
Bit Gold, as a system, was released prior to Bitcoin.
Bit Gold came first, discussed over social media (like reddit), and later in time Nick decided to categorize his thoughts on a blog, with back ups.
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:01:43
There is an easy way to fix that...
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:53:39
Ya, what the fuck... Bitcoin is not safe from brigades. I suspect the "Cash" brigaders will be coming for BTC soon. I suspect they will easily spend millions to 'destroy' the social network we have here over the course of a month or two.
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:39:41
That explanation was quite good, but I'll just reiterate :
Coinbase offers 3 Coins - BTC , ETH, LTC.
A "New Coin" can be created AT ANY TIME, such as BCH (Bitcoin Cash). There are effectively two types of New Coins, ICO coins (like ETH or Tezos), and FORK (or airdrop) coins. With ICO coins they ask for Millions to 'market and develop' the product. With FORK coins, they simply give everyone who owns BTC (or ETH) free coin... to essentially get immediate free marketing.
On Coinbase, you don't *actually* own your BTC deposit address. Coinbase owns like 50 million, which they rotate between their customers.
During the FORK, all coinbase deposit addresses will be granted free coins, let's say this is 50 Million BitcoinCash coins. Now, Coinbase does not offer Bitcoin Cash trading... or Bitcoin Gold trading... or a whole lot of other coin trading. So they can't 'give you' Bitcoin Cash or Bitcoin Gold coins. So what are they to do?
It's very common for the exchanges to simply keep the extra coins. This is like a free $Billion by simply doing nothing. Some exchanges will sell the Bitcoin Cash &amp; Gold coins and credit you in BTC. But this is rare. Some offer trading in Bitcoin Cash, and will credit you Bitcoin Cash so you can do what you want.
HOWEVER, if you have them in your own wallet, then you get the coins immediately, without waiting, and you can sell them immediately, or as you please, yourself.
Coinbase is currently sitting on around a Billion dollars of BCash coins, which they *might* give to their customers in February. I think they are not going to give them Bitcoin Gold coins at all. All in all, at current values, these 'forks' that people miss out on are about 25% of Bitcoins value - So very substantial.
All you need to do to claim all your forks is put BTC into your own wallet. Once you do that, you get all that fork money =)
@_date: 2017-11-20 09:08:00
Nice post and guide :)
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:53:37
MayorOfBitcoin was a cheeky idea I had. I got a giant sign coming to that effect. So many slack channels... :P guess I’ll start another and message u shortly (tomorrow).
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:07:55
Paper wallet is the private key. You don't HAVE to have a password (paper wallets don't). I don't know the likelihood of a forked coin requiring passwords to access, but it's probably slim.
If the paper wallet had the coins over like 4 months, then you can claim B Gold and B Cash coins, I believe.
@_date: 2017-11-17 13:20:46
Tails is great and has been around a LONG time. Tails &amp; Tor were the mainstay at-home encryption package.
@_date: 2017-11-11 14:27:47
The most fundamental aspect upon which all people miss, in which BTC once derived value, is mining. Mining was intended to disperse coins equitably across the globe. This is no longer true, though ~80% of all coins have already been dispersed.
I would like BTC to be used as a primary system of exchange, but correcting the centralized mining issue is more important. 2x would have furthered centralized mining, and that is why the community (rightfully) opposed it. We must go further, however, IMO, or end mining rewards completely, but this issue is the most important relevant for BTC. After this issue is fixed, we can work backwards to create bigger blocks, etc. but focusing on equitable distribution of coin is most important, and currently a small group is predicted to receive a disproportionate share. This is what we must prevent, either through acquisition or codified revolution. But we all must agree. BGold is not the fix, but their heart seems to have been in the correct direction. I suspect Core will develop a stronger plan, in time.
@_date: 2017-11-19 22:50:31
I am printing a sign [that will look like this]( I got the '17 price quoted as $5,000...
JUST [5 months ago]( immediately after tax season I printed these signs. That's when I started the club. I wanted to print a 'solid' price for Eth &amp; BTC so I choose the week before, when ETH was $180 and BTC had a market cap of $35 Bil. I was like 'surely these numbers will not go down'.
Many Bitcoin Groups have existed, but not so many so public, as far as I know. I have plans to run for Mayor of Knox County, against the famed wrestler Kane. If my area can begin large meetings filling lecture halls, like [these guys have been doing]( that would be amazing, and help toward my campaign.
However, considering it is a long shot, I decided to take Daniel Krawisz advice and declare myself Mayor Of Bitcoin. If I had to choose between being the Mayor of Knox County, or the Mayor of Bitcoin, I would rather be the Mayor of Bitcoin. Not only are my people expected to become richer than the surrounding communities, but they are also technically, financially, and globally inclined.
However, in the long shot that I win against Glenn Jacobs, I could combine the Mayor of Bitcoin and Knox County position into one. Though it would pose a conflict of interest, I think the merger could benefit both peoples.
In either case... it's going. And the next step is $5,000 in flyers (those have yet to be designed) to be mailed out to 15,000 people using USPS Every Door Direct, discussing Bitcoin, Taxes, Discovery, and Governance.
This should be a big year for my little shop, and it has been a big year for Bitcoin. I may have to up the '17 price from 5,000 to even be reasonable lol :)
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:57:03
I use to be a traitor. No longer.
Hodling and getting into development = more money than trading.
That said, I still FULLY SUPPORT ETH, IOTA, NEO, and many others, but no longer have an interest in monitor prices. Would prefer to focus on developments. :)
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:41:16
It's really not that hard to keep your BTC in a Safe Deposit Box likewise...
Once you got over $250,000 BTC or whatever you are trading with, it's a good idea to lock it up. I suggest keep a copy with Grand Parents + Remote Location + Bank Safe Deposit Box. That way, you don't actual have access if you get robbed.
Or do a multi-Sig, etc, etc. Keeping $2 Mil BTC in your pocket is cool, but not worth the risk.
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:10:02
There are effectively 3 major parties. Intel, people, &amp; industry.
Industry wants low fees for a lot of reason. One is merchant processing, another is bot trading.
Engineers want small blocks. One reason is long term hardware diversity, another is small transaction reduction.
The people weighed these options within social media. The earlier adopters heavily favored small blocks.
Many within the industry (such as Coinbase) are punishing users but artificially increasing transaction fees until big blocks are ok’d by refusing the tech upgrade of Segwit. This is confusing the user base.
Many users and social leaders are describing keeping small blocks as a ‘victory’ &amp; defeat of industry. They are artificially increasing animosity and division. This is polarizing the user base.
There is a lot of misinformation out there. But keeping small blocks for another 6 months or what have you seems fine by me. Coinbase manipulating the market, harming users, is less ok by me. Early adopters ignoring the problems of $5 fees because they have millions is equally unacceptable, however.
It’s hard to say whether or not the fees are market manipulation, or are there because Bitcoin usage is legitimately 4x what it was a few months ago. In the past industry has clogged the network to increase fees as well, but within a few months it went away. It’s difficult to know which form of consensus (intel, money, leadership) is accurate within this debate but it is clear there is little agreement.
It’s not 1 vs 2 mb however. It’s 2 mb (up to 4 mb) vs 4 mb (up to 8 mb). Bitcoin is 170 GB, encrypting 9 yrs of data. With 8 mb blocks it could grow 400 GB per year.
For those curious, I can send a transaction Segwit to Segwit for $1 or so, confirmed in 30 minutes, but to get it confirmed on Coinbase or Bittrex, it stays pending for 24 to 48 hours without paying $8, because they refuse to upgrade their servers to provoke their users into becoming irate.
@_date: 2017-11-21 09:29:40
It won’t get paid.
@_date: 2017-11-22 02:32:19
This has the classic "Miss. Robinson" song from Simon &amp; Garfunkel in it.
@_date: 2017-11-20 11:44:07


Well, obviously. Is that what you thought I meant by a conflict resolution strategy?


Um... Disagree. As much as it represents Bitcoin Core, or the Brand of Bitcoin, it is important.
Just because you are either unfamiliar or can't rely the structure does not mean you should write it off as irrelevant. The process is very ad hoc retro fitted vs designed.
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:59:56
So here is the question... what is the back up to Reddit?
Reddit can be easily gamed and manipulated... how to get off Reddit in a way that prevents bot wars?
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:37:26
No, that is incorrect.
It's "appeal to education". Those who spend time, energy, and become educated SHOULD be more revered than others. However, they should be examined critically, all the same.
Appeal to Authority is when someone receives an arbitrary title, such as a "Degree from Harvard" or "President" or "Police Man", and uses such authority to silence opposition. If you have a limited time on Earth, you can not ask everyone their opinion on the best methods for surgery, but it would make sense to ask those whom have spent the majority of the their time studying the subject.
Now, a hobo could end up being the most educated surgeon, over the "Harvard doctor", but that is likely because he has devoted more time to the subject than others. Not because he was awarded the title of "surgeon general of the hobos", and X title is greater than X other title.
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:29:25
Partial is fine. If it's like 0.1 BTC, transaction fees start to get high relative to the amount, so move sparingly. Here in a month or so, transaction fees should get down to $1 or less on overage.
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:56:38
Has he lost weight?
@_date: 2017-11-11 14:31:13
I agree with u on both points. However, just because he is ancient does not mean he is wrong. The Greeks were correct for millennia. Aristotle of 300 BC is far superior to most intellects of today, easily in the top 0.01% of smart man, should he have lived 2,500 years.
So until a new cleverness appears, we default to Aristotle, or Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:43:01
I've actually analyzed this quite heavily, and your general thought pattern is correct, and I [got some more here](
There are four (main) factors to consider when estimating the 'stable price' of a coin :
Operating Exp
Large Holder Reallocation
Rate of New Investment (or ponzi)
And, Legacy &amp; Alternatives (or projections)
Regarding Operating Exp, we can simplify this to 4% (mining expense). Realistically it includes 'foundation developer payouts' as well, but relative to the price of Bitcoin, that's likely 0.02% annually, or some such - and mining expense is *technically* less than 4%, so 4% is fair overall.
Large Holder Reallocations is hard to measure, but as a person becomes a 'bitcoin millionaire', they are likely to *reallocate* into dollars (house, car, stuff), or simply diversify. If someone is 90% invested in BTC and becomes a millionaire, the smart decision is to divest until, say, 70% BTC / 30% Other Asset Classes. So long as BTC retains the 'best investment class in the world', this is of little consequence, but should something better come along (ICO's), then it matters - However, this only applies during periods of growth. For example, originally one is 10% invested in BTC, but after 1 -yr of phenomenal growth, they might become 90% invested in BTC, and have to reallocate.
Effectively, you can think of Large Holder Reallocations at about 2% per year, but more accurately might be stated as 10% of price growth.




Next you need to look at the Rate of New Investment.
In order for BTC to become stable, 1 in 16 Bitcoiners need to recruit one new person to make an equal sized investment per year. Effectively this is like a ponzi (all government fiat, precious metals operate as a ponzi of sorts).
I speculate current BTC adoption rate is around 0.5% of the population (1 in 200), and in order for it to continue at the current rate of growth it must achieve approximately 0.6% adoption in 2018, 0.7% adoption in 2019, and 0.8% adoption in 2020 - Or about 1 new person per 1,000 from Gen pop.
So you have two factors for Rate of New Investment :
1 in 1,000 from Gen Pop Propaganda OR 1 in 16 Bitcoins securing a Recruit. In 2020, this changes DRAMATICALLY to 1 in 2,000 Gen Pop OR 1 in 32 Bitcoins securing a Recruit. The reason this change is so significant is because it mirrors natural rate of birth, meaning that if Bitcoins have sex, children, etc, per normal, then the younglings create a self-sustaining system of value, even without any new additions from the outside.
Lastly, however, you got Legacy and Projections.
Currently, Bitcoin is easily (IMO) the best Crypto assets in terms of Name Recognition over Cost. Which is to say, new adoption is currently significantly outpacing the rate of expense, which would could say to be 6% - Both as a percentage, and as a numerical value.
The reason this is significant is because while several coins have moved to 0% to miners (it's truly not really necessary, to be honest), and instead spend 100% of funds on developers - However, their overall amount of new investment might be limited to say $500 Mil per year, where as BTC is bringing in $10 Bil per year.
So while there may be a coin which has a higher rate of return over Bitcoin (and thus encourages more frequent large holder reallocation) - It is fairly unlikely, however, that any coin is likely to actually 'topple' BTC, in terms of sheer size. Which means BTC retains the 'crypto dollar'.
And so long as it can hold the space of Crypto dollar until 2020, then it wins the game.
Ethereum is the only coin which has anything close to the level of Marketing as that of BTC, but I'd still wager around 10 to 1 have heard of BTC as opposed to ETH, regarding new investors. Also, Ethereum has a much higher rate of large holder reallocation and miner expense than BTC, as a percentage, likely around 10% overall.
Considering the relatively rocky past of Ethereum, I feel it is unlikely to secure the mind space which BTC has in the general public. People hate volatility, and BTC is the least volatile of any crypto, meaning the most secure first investment for new comers, which is particularly relevant for older people, who have most the money.
I would not object for BTC to having a fork in which they change miner payouts from 4% to 2% or go to Round Robin payouts. Round Robin payouts is likely the best compromise, IMO. However, frankly it could go down to 2% to 0% and I'd be very happy.
At 2%, I expect the value per BTC to reach around $250,000 - at which time you'd need to be discussing BTC splits, as even the minimum fee per transaction would start to become fucking insane lol :)
The only thing that matters at this point for BTC is achieving 2% or less, before it becomes 'irrelevant' which I can't foresee happening prior to the latest possible date of 2020.
If anyone is interested in developing a complimentary product for BTC, which focuses on internal governance, development, and population stability, message me :)
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:03:35
Don't count on it ;)
In all seriousness, we need a better communication system than Twitter and Reddit. Neither can be trusted long-term.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:51:25
The downside to [Confidential Transactions]( is that if there was ever to develop a monopoly of BTC, none would be the wiser.
Not saying this is a legit concern, but for smaller coins especially, I think it should be a primary concern. For the 'biggest, baddest coin on the block', acquiring a secretive monopoly is more difficult.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:32:47
ETH has a lot of issues, but they all effectively amount to same criticism which Nick mentioned at the start : Centralized Leadership &amp; Economic Incentives.
Nick criticized ETH hard for taking 'ICO' money, vs propagating the coin via miners &amp; developers, exclusively. Now, granted, I don't think ICO money is 'bad', BUT the manifestations have presented themselves.
Even today, no matter how 'decentralized' ETH is promoted to be, ~70% of the Marketing is exclusively Vitalik, ~95% of Decision making is exclusively an unelected body of Core Devs (with little to no transparency) or you could say a 'royal commission', and ownership of ETH is easily 30% to 50% within the hands of like 15 people.
This has lead to a rash of poor decisions, and political thought processes. BTC avoided this by not allowing ICO money, which effectively lead to a more disperse marketing team, and likewise the 'Core Devs' are fairly easily rebuked, so effectively they must be 'elected' (in some regard) - as the marketing team is dispersed, and then finally the distribution of BTC was initially (and subsequently) VERY widely distributed vs ETH, meaning that 'profiteering' motives, and pump and dumps, benefit more than simply very, very few people.
Where as ETH might be 50% consolidated, BTC is likely 15 to 30% consolidated. The less consolidated your coin, the better chance it has of replacing 'gold', which is the highest level of functionality for a crypto (at least initially). Of all the coins, BTC is the least consolidated (that I know of), and thus is has the property more than any other.
For someone to attempt to 'reconsolidate' BTC at this point, it would require like a $50 Bil buy order... which would just make the prices astronomical, etc. The cheapest, and biggest negative, to BTC is that you can do this simpler through mining copyright + power, which is likely what is happening now.
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:36:29
That’s no ballsy than holding I guess but let’s see what happens. I’m thinking of going 20% out to rebuy.
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:06:19
I got a little group , where I Buy BTC ads for around town , on a premise I hope to spread globally.
The original ideas was to teach poor people how to acquire skills to work in Bitcoin. However, it has been a mix. Poor people just ask ~1 hr questions about investing $200. Mid income people always seek the next lotto ticket. And high income people already got millions and want to hire people, but their are so few to hire...
One thing I’ve learned is appealing to the rich area of town is better. Maybe ~$30 Mil of Wealth attending those meetings at a restaurant vs my lil Bitcoin Groto shop. Another thing is you have to tell the Alt coiners to shut up, effectively. Too many pump &amp; dumps - which are network based (we got one guy made like 100x in a year doing this, but the noobs can’t follow that the key is getting in on layer 1 of the ring (he has a ring) and not ‘the right coin’).
Another is that people are a sucker for marketing. Man are people unwilling to research, anything. Another is that ‘flexing’ has become an issue. ‘I got more, you are worthless’ etc. I don’t care, cause it sort of makes me stronger (sometimes I fuck with these people through ‘challenges’ to take insane positions, and others times I just use their boastful knowledge) , but it really hurts poor people who already feel worthless. I didn’t quite realize how easily some people can get beat down, even illlgically.
I had a cover charge for a while, but got too much hitching and attracted the wrong type of clientele (which, ironically, I initially installed just to get rid of potential hobbos, and so people take things seriously). Once people pay for a thing, even $20, now they just want the free buck. I think I got $100 in payments, total.
However, now I’m doing assignments &amp; I think this will work out better. Also, with the kinks worked out, making PowerPoint presentations more often as well. Monthly meetings are easier for this, weekly tend to be all price focused.
But the main issues is I’m now telling people what to prepare for next time, as in ‘prepare a presentation about this’. If they do not, first time warned, second time fined $20. This has been more inline with ‘hard working poor’ expectations.
I’d like to get Bitcoin Grotos setup all over the world, as a network. Met some cool people in Italy doing Roma coin. My town, Knoxville, is already doing Volunteer Coin. Obviously we can share ideas while prospering faster, and tech. This is for a longterm vision of ‘people exchanges’ vs 1 on 1 Local Bitcoin &amp; exchanges, plus the ‘teams’ counter marketing fluff.
It’s still a work in progress, but relatively cheap to establish (owned a tax shop, partly closed now). Next step is like ~$5,000 in mailers + New signage. There are enough groups at this point, the next focus will be almost exclusively networking them all (travel, contact list, teaching them how to promote, etc).
My income went up a lot after forming these groups, but it has also been a challenge to avoid listening to boastful people vs hard working people. Boastful people lie, so much. Hard working people won’t even speak unless everyone else is quite. So this is a challenge to promote in a social dynamic.
All the same, it has been fun. My pops put down more into crypto after seeing ‘everyone else doing it’ :) Despite my Intellectual style 1 on 1 info and success, he only really felt confident after hearing others brag how much they made, and didn’t want to ‘miss out’. Unfortunately he’s now paid for a $1,000 scam tutorial (but he’s a sucker for scams) - all the same, it has been fun &amp; made my community an extra million or so, even if it hasn’t made anything directly for me personally (aside the wealth I gain through networking &amp; utilizing people’s skills, etc, which is not trivial - but effectively I could have done this without setting up my own group, or teaching others. Useful people are largely self-taught, and instead only need a bit of direction - vision + networking encouragement + ‘you are the teacher now’ professionalism confidence boosting.
But ya, it’s been fun. IRS now in the process of finishing up the 501c3 :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 09:42:28
Can u please stop being logical?
Forks are THE WORST. Exactly like Cancer, which gave u cash - and superpowers. BUT OMG THE WORST, Amirite boiz?
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:25:33
We aren’t ready for that. First we need a Mayoral Council which requires 12 members.
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:34:22
It is. Many ignore the severity of the issue, but it's the most important thing which needs solving in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:22:59
All things are human, and all things have processes. Claiming what things stand for isn't really necessary. That's like fighting for Democracy and Freedom.
As I understand, there are 4 committer logins on Github which push things out to Bitcoin Core, and 1 who has final say. Ultimately these people decide in some way what should, or should not be approved. They have a process. It is NOT 100% subjective.
However, it is unclear how that process works, how new 'presidents' of Core come to be, and how the new committer logins replace prior ones. These are long term thoughts, that might not matter in the long run, as technology evolves so quickly. But thoughts on leadership, 'elections', and methods of discovery are quite important.
I have been very happy with the Core team. I wouldn't mind some more clarity regarding their overall structure, and methods of changing formation, but in time this will come regardless.
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:16:38
We are a Republic, are we not?
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:05:12
For the record, I do NOT feel it is fair to get on to VB about the 'possession of Child Porn' comment. However, it was an 'odd' argument altogether.
His statement was that TAKING drugs SHOULD be illegal cause you harm yourself, and indirectly society.
His follow up statement is that POSSESSION of Child Porn harms no one, is thus should not carry penalties.
This effectively delves into deep thoughts of governance, and likewise you must also understand reprimands. If the punishment for 'taking drugs' is 'prison', then you have harmed society 3 fold. Once by the Drugs, Once by the Prison Time, and once by Taxing people to pay for Prisons.
And the other part is 'when is enough, enough' work. If you work successfully 40 hours a week, should you be permitted a drug habit? If you work 5 hours a week... or 60 hours?
The root of the suggestion, however, is that we are all dependent upon each other, as individuals, to make positive actions for society. And then likewise, so long as you accept the 'perpetual state of war' mentality, then effectively our lives become jeopardized through the inclusion of the weak and derelict within our sphere of protection.
So the question might be poised that, if 'self harm' is become criminalized, why is not avoiding 'self improvement' likewise criminalized. Should TV watchers go to Jail? Should book reading be mandatory? Etc, etc.
So, in the end, though I think the 'logic' that each individual has an onus to maximize their abilities for consistent protection for all is valid, I question the methods used by modern day legality, and thus would discourage calling it illegal, or no more so than TV watching should be criminalized as well.
In modern world, Businesses are a form of 'exclusive' society, in which all must contribute &amp; are rewarded 'fairly', but in that context you merely lose leadership, income, inclusion, etc... for various forms of laziness, never jailed, and rarely fined.
I do fully agree that possession of (virtually) anything should not be a crime. Possession laws are completely arbitrary, and are only used to slander when times are convenient. They are by no means evenly applied, which makes them poor forms of law.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:27:18
No. That's a fair criticism. 'Congratulating' BCH on the 'pump and dump' is socially irresponsible.
In hindsight, I suspect he felt it was a biased perspective as well, and has congratulated ETC today for their development, likewise.
@_date: 2017-11-20 00:36:44
There is a lot of discontent in the citizenry. I’m here to help.
@_date: 2017-11-07 12:19:45
136,541 Blocks = Which should be round June, 2020.
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:41:15
This is correct. On "coinbase" you have a login and a password to the coinbase website. When you download that wallet for your home PC, you have the actual secret key + password to the Bitcoin system itself.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:46:26
This is fucking Amazing.
I hope one day I can get offended when people say USA.
 the United States of America. You are but a servant to my millions!
Respect me or else I will call you a 3-letter word too!!!
I wonder how far that will get people in life... but if you have millions and are "Trying to make the world a better place", then I think you get a free pass for acting an belligerent jackass. At least those who see you as an isolated and scared moneybag will make you think so :)
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:01:35
This was actually my primary motivation to investing in Crypto so heavily. I figured with $10,000 I could one day afford a Tesla. Now I can grab about 4 Tesla, but think to myself how can I afford more crypto :P
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:42:51
This is good practice. A 'fake wallet' is far superior to claiming you have 'no wallet'.
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:18:19
I appreciate your input but you’ve been mislead. Bitcoin is a subpar payment solutions for merchants. It IS intended as a replacement for gold on the global scale.
It’s generally better to buy &amp; sell goods using local fiat. Easier for everyone. However making capital investments requires wide consensus. The greater diversity in miners, the greater the consensus.
I can make a coin in one second that is a far superior payment method but a terrible store of value. Which would u rather own?
Around 70% of market coins are superior to BTC as forms of payment for coffees. What’s the issue here, or stopping u from investing and supporting them instead? Is it the lack of profits? Why should that bother you, if you want low fees vs wide consensus?
@_date: 2017-11-15 00:31:43
I think that is a good idea. I got one that will likely run similar if interested, you can join that. But as mentioned, ID verification (of some sort) would be required.
The basic ID is to gather a collection of primary content creators (youtube, and otherwise), so that there was at least a source in which 'people of bitcoin' were collected together. Effectively links to articles would not be permitted, only OC or text. Subs like this wouldn't be terrible popular, but a good supplement to Bitcoin general, perhaps.
@_date: 2017-11-11 10:17:45
... didn’t I say wide consensus? Oh, ya, you missed that.
If u think coffee purchases is the ‘value’ generator for BTC, you are quite ignorant, but in the common way. It’s true value is complex to understand and you seem uninterested.
If you read the white paper beyond the title, it’s in there.
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:41:59
Well... I did not see this coming! :)
@_date: 2017-11-20 23:52:15
If u got the private key, public key, &amp; password, u good. But you need to have the private key downloaded.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:37:06
This is my first time riding the Bitcoin roller coaster, and it is glorious.
ALL my buds were telling me to sell at $7,200 and 'rebuy' at $5,500.
NOT TODAY - **Not To Day.**
On this Day, I listened to Hodler, and life was good.
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:36:24
lol so true :D
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:39:47
Coinbase is fine. Try to download Bitcoin.org and practice using a wallet. A fork will come suddenly &amp; u lose the free money if On Coinbase. Plan for the future.
@_date: 2017-11-19 14:46:06
Yes, this is true. The whole DON'T TELL ANYONE ABOUT BITCOIN advice you see given around the sub is totally moronic. Granted, 'it comes from a good place'.
You ABSOLUTELY want to tell people about Bitcoin, and you ABSOLUTELY want to tell people it has increased 1,000% over the last year. Sure, tell them you own '1 Bitcoin', or some such, that is fine. No need to be like 'look at my 1,000 Bitcoins!!!'
However, you want to be proactive. Rather than state "here is this great opportunity you completely missed" say "Here is a way which I gained a lot of money". If they say 'can I have some' or 'give me some', say 'I can teach you about Bitcoin, and then you can keep 100% of what you make, too'.
If they say 'But I don't have any money... my mom is going to die!', then say 'Well maybe you can teach a rich person about Bitcoin and they will split their profits with you'. 'But what about my mom!' then 'I'm positive the government will take care of you' - This leaves them in a puzzle cause if they say it won't, then why should you... effectively keep insisting the government takes care of poor people, to which they must continually deny that the government does... which makes it harder for them to then assert that YOU should be their own personal government and take care of them... it's a ridiculous concept to begin with.
And then if they say, 'sure, show me how to invest... let's look at your stash'... well obviously do not show them that (aside '1 bitcoin', etc).
The BEST form of Charity is EDUCATION. You should ALWAYS educate people about 'bitcoin', new technology, and other ways for people to profit. This is the ONLY type of charity you should ever support.
The 'guilt' comes from both not telling people about Bitcoin sooner and, secondly, not having your friends care about your opinion. Regarding the second issue, that is their fault. If you tell them, take the time to explain IN A GROUP (you are not obligated to spend 1 on 1 time with people about Bitcoin), then you are doing good charity.
If they refuse to stop smoking cigarettes, stop wasting time watching TV shows or playing video games, or to invest in Bitcoin, and then one day end up dying of cancer, reflecting upon a worthless, meaningless life, without friends or societal comforts - GOOD! That means the economy is working.
It is everyone's individual obligation to do what is correct. Teaching people is YOUR obligation, and by people, I mean people at large. Not 50 hours of 1 on 1 time to Steve who keeps calling you stupid every few hours, and simply 'doesn't get it' and effectively will only do it if you agree to take all the risk, etc, etc. Fuck Steve.
Teach groups of people. Start Bitcoin talks. Let's these beggars embarrass themselves in front of an audience, asking to 'split' your $400 Euro.
But keep in mind... when you poor, young, it's important to keep a strong social safety network. However, you will become richer and wiser by aggressively seeking out a better network of people. You can't change the social status of all those around you at once. Instead, allow yourself to change, and allow others to follow, if they have the courage. If they are too chicken, then they need to stay put. Trying to move them is bound to anger their little beast within, and isn't something you are obligated to correct.
But you always want to lend a helping hand. And that hand is knowledge, and patience. Taking the leap is their responsibility, same as you. The harder they fight to stay put, the more you should regret not moving ahead. Remember, their flaws are yours, but in miniature. Keep changing, keep sharing, stay social, and keep the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:15:15
Don’t spend them.
@_date: 2018-03-13 11:07:21
I don't know if this is a Segwit thing or what but my "Deposit" address for Coinbase (or Gdax) now changes every minute.
I got freaked the fuck out cause my deposit address hadn't changed in ages, so I made a deposit, made another deposit, checked the address, realized it had changed... freaked out. Canceled my 2nd deposit using ReScan , etc. Checked the deposit address again. New Address. Got that one ready. Checked the deposit address again. New Address.
Started to freak out a little. Figured "they know what they are doing". Checked the deposit address again, New Address. Tried that one, with a high fee cause holy fuck if it's only valid for 1 block or whatever. It goes through, and now I don't fucking know what.
Turned out all good for me, but if you have been reusing the same address 'since forever', there system now makes you a new address each block I think. It's fuck crazy.
@_date: 2018-03-06 08:02:07
Ya, I remember Shapeshift being on board, but in their defense they implemented Segwit 5 months ago.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:16:34
'In time' Yes, but many are not fully comprehending the scope of the problem, or the extent of the Bitmain dominance.
Example of the 'mining' problem :
Effectively Bitmain is 'pre-mining' Bitcoin, and might acquire 10% of total Bitcoin Outstanding, prior to 'time fixing all'. Is this a problem? If not, why are pre-mines not a problem... with 10% of all Bitcoin, one can heavily influence the market, should a fork EVER be purposed AFTER their acquisition - doing it before hand means they can't 'auto tank' all forks, by liquidating 10% of shares at opportune timing.
The other issue is the extent of their hash dominance. The white paper warns again 10%. Today, it might be close to 60%. By December 90% (or more). That is really a huge issue, especially for as long as they are projected to dominate.
Anyways... not trying to make it 'your issue', but it is an issue for bitcoin, very significant, and against the design of Satoshi. Again, I'm not trying to purpose an fix, but it's good to analyze the extent of the problem, regardless if it can be altered, or must be accepted.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:48:51
They can’t. Their production levels are too low. They are selling a fraud. You must use an alternative way.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:00:15
Let me just in here:


For those that absolutely refuse to read, in the White Paper, repeatedly, it warns against the abuses of 10% control over the blockchain. At 51% it simply alludes that all others who use Bitcoin are at their mercy, and become reliant upon the good faith of industrial miners.
It was NEVER intended for Nodes to become differentiated from Miners. They were to be one and the same.
Now Bitcoin.com refuses transactions below 10 Satoshi. Blocks get full, users get inconvenienced, transaction fees get high, and there is nothing you can do, because it is not your blockchain anymore.
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:19:42
That is an interesting proposal.
@_date: 2018-03-14 07:54:23
ZapTrans and Rescan.
I managed to catch it before it had been propagated to Mem Pool.
Without RBF, you can Zaptrans + Rescan (and manually delete your mem pool). This will remove 'your' wallet history, and effectively allow you to double spend. Then, you spend ALL bitcoin (send to new address), at higher fee than prior transaction. This higher fee will process first, making the previous one invalid. Only works if you clear out the Bitcoin account (making insufficient funds).
This is sort of a very manual way to double spend or RBF.
Alternatively, if you 'sent' a transaction but hasn't reached the mem pool (might take 3 minutes), you can delete your mem pool, zap trasn, and rescan. This effectively cancels the last transaction. However, it's always hard to be certain using this method, but can work if done immediately.
For clarity, Zaptrans = remove all recorded transaction history
Rescan = Ask every other Bitcoin Node (not yours), how much is in this wallet (effectively the 'public' ledger)
This is how you double spend (pre RBF).
@_date: 2018-03-06 08:04:40
For the record, Segwit was adopted in November. But agree, this is a long wait for batching.
@_date: 2018-11-20 22:08:42
I can't argue with that. BTC is definitely a seesaw asset. To achieve a 'reasonably' stable price after the next halving, something like this would need to occur.
2019 - 650,000 BTC minted &amp; sold
2020 - 325,000 BTC minted - 325,000 BTC from holders sold
2021 - 325,000 BTC minted - 325,000 BTC from holders sold
2022 - 325,000 BTC minted - 325,000 BTC bought by holders
2023 - 325,000 BTC minted - 325,000 BTC bought by holders
Something like that, but it may be far fetched that people could become this coordinated. The ASIC issue affecting miners is a bet of a different problem, and I do not perceive any possibility of resolving that long-term: miners will always be at the mercy of Bitmain (or a substitute) and their secret buyers.
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:22:34
I would like to see a screen shoot to confirm 'not FUD', but thank you for sharing.
Since the trades are done with, he could screen shot that area, so that we know what to look for.
@_date: 2018-03-12 21:55:41
I think you mean my reading. It’s stated in White Papee that Hash power was to come from Nodes, not be a separate entity.
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:32:42
I would say something like, chance Tether has 50% or greater reserves, like 90%. Chance Tether has 90% reserves, near zero.
As these things are a 'commodity' and as their promise is effectively a security, what I wonder is: 1) If the government 'banned it', would it go to 90% value, or like 25% value? and 2) If they said they'd refund the first 90% of Tethers, what's the chance you happen to following everything close enough to not get 0, and insider trading etc.
If the owners were 'going to jail', do they refund 90% or steal all and shoot for the moon? Tough question.
@_date: 2018-03-30 23:24:12


This is something that people should be thinking about more. There is much talk of changing PoW, but advancing the halving is of far more importance. Why? The answer is both complex and simple.
The root is understanding the importance of Satoshi Pricing, which I don't believe many have contemplated as well as they should.
A Satoshi is a 'valueless' unit constraint within Bitcoin, the lowest denominator, and the unit used to translate Bytes of Data into Dollars, or Bitcoin values. 1 Satoshi has been long worth below 1 Penny, but this is changing.
Bitcoin Transactions are transmitted in Bytes, 225 Bytes as a standard. One *could* pay 1 Satoshi to send this transaction (or no Satoshi) but in an optimized blockchain, with Full Blocks, one *should* pay per Byte, or 225 Satoshi at 1 Sat / Byte - Anything less (such as 5 Sat / 225 Bytes) would get 'factored' out, as miners better optimize algorithms for value.
So now we got a minimum value increment of say 225 Satoshi or 450 Satoshi. The difference between these two values at a $10,000 BTC cost is $0.02 - or trivially different. But let's say 1,125 Satoshi is a reasonable target value per transaction (5 Sat / Byte).
Now, it's going to get tricky. Most within the space understand Batching is the only path forward for insane transaction volume. Batching meaning each BTC Transaction is to represent 100's (or millions) of IRL Transactions.
Now BTC Transactions are limited to 2 Million per week (approximately). Thus, there (effectively) can only be up to 2 million batched + BTC Transactions per week. Batched transactions naturally develop as the BTC fees escalate. The difference between $0.02 to $0.10 is worth little for a correction, but $0.10 to $0.50 is a worthy difference, $0.32 more.
Now, you must contemplate Bitcoin Bonus to BTC Fees. The current Bitcoin Bonus per block is 12.5 BTC, or per Week is 12,600 BTC, which can support 2 Mil BTC Transactions. BTC Fees are expected to amount to 22.5 BTC over the week.
So Bonuses are 12,600 BTC, and the Fees are 22.5 BTC.
So what is likely to happen? Should a monopolistic miner gain disproportionate share of the newly minted Bitcoins, then he can terrorize the BTC network, at a rate of approximately 0.002 of the Bonus reward. Is this a problem?
Yes, it is actually a very significant problem. This means that a monopolistic miner could reduce the usefulness of the Bitcoin network, while spending only a very small portion of his revenue to do so, say 1%. Even a mere 1% would drive fees 10x higher than Ideal, and this could be repeated week over week.
However, there is a solution, which is Batching. With Batching, the BTC Trans Fee spam becomes a mute point.
But what drives batching? A high BTC Price, or Satoshi Price. Specifically to where batching a transaction save you around $0.50 vs using the network regularly.
But you can kill two birds with one stone, without changing PoW.
What you do is change the Bitcoin bonus from 12.5 BTC to 3.125 BTC immediately (or say by July), from 4% to 1% inflation. This decreases the weekly bonuses from 12,600 to 3,150 while Fees are expected to stay the same, or about 22.5 BTC. Now for a miner to terrorize the network the amount of revenue spent would need to increase from 0.1% to 0.7%. 7x More. Not huge, but enough to become at least, noticeable.
However, more importantly, reducing the bonus payouts would drive the price up significantly. At least 4x over a 6 month period. But let's just assume that is the end of it. Now the 1,125 Sats we are expected to pay per transaction increases from $0.08 (@ $10,000 value) to $0.32 / transaction. This difference is sufficient enough to provide a constant force against the public to promote the batching of transactions, at all times. Which is the behavior we want.
And this is the real necessity. Without a $20,000 price per Bitcoin, batching will only become popular seasonally. Which will make the Bitcoin network susceptible to monopolistic miner transaction fee spam. By decreasing the bonus payouts, we increase the Bitcoin price, which makes miner payouts approximately the same in terms of real dollars. However, the per BTC transaction fee would rise from a minimum of approximately $0.08 to $0.32, which would be sufficient to drive the advancement of batching.
After we begin batching transactions, monopolistic miner fee spam can no longer severely disrupt the bitcoin network. And this will be absolutely critical for the community to realize and solve over the coming months.
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:03:58
The Tether game is all fucked. You have 2 possibilities:
1) Known scammers create a BitConnect styled 'self regulated' asset worth Billions. Fire auditors, make numerous false claims, and play eeny meeny miny moe until they can find a bank and auditing duo poor enough to 'validate' their Billions, which coincidentally makes such persons easier to bribe, since they are poor and have little reputation to lose - However, you must say 'they gave us their word', and surely they wouldn't scam us like the last guy, the guys before that, and the guy before that. **This time it will be different.**
Or Option 2) They are hopping around banks and regulators to support a multi-billion dollar scam, using millions in bribes, and will eventually collapse once there becomes an actual run on Tether (which is most likely to occur this year). Afterwards, billions of dollars will empty the market, reducing trade volumes and liquidity to 2016 levels. Will the market tank? Likely no worse than BitConnect, but as Tether promotes artificial instant liquidity, trade volumes will go down. No more 'Tether Reserves'.
The main person behind the expose of Tether believes this will kill the Bitcoin price, but it's more likely to strengthen Bitcoins position as the de facto reserve. When forced to choose between Bitcoin and Ethereum, if your initial choice was a Dollar substitute, I think the most likely 2nd choice would be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-22 11:41:14
Loans are leveraging I guess. Never thought how f-ed I’d be if dollars appreciated.
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:51:07
I will give a perfect example of [ETH double talk](
Loner Programmer and Loud Chick get together to form MEW, the only usable Ethereum wallet (as the main client sucks). Loud Chick hatches plan to remove Loner Programmer from company, and steal all the companies assets and without any compensation to Loner Programmer (over 9 months).
Here are the (basic) facts :
* 2017, July - Loud chick seizes control of financial accounts, refuses to allow access to other 50 / 50 partner.
* 2017, Aug - Loud chick given MOD AUTHORITY of Ethereum
* 2017, Sept - Loud chick hires 30 people using MEW financial assets to work on a side-project (MyCrypto).
* 2017, Dec - Loud chick secretly dissolves the company, again without the other partner being able to access any financial resources.
* 2018, Feb - Loud chick STEALS the Twitter of 75k plus followers, titled "myEtherWallet" and changes it to "mycrypto" - Claims "MyEtherWallet" was in no way connected to MEW, and was simply her 'personal' twitter.
* 2018, Feb - EVERYONE on the Etheruem team says she justified in doing ALL OF THIS, because she 'means well', and somehow they know the other fellow means evil. And they give intentions greater merit than actual actions...
The whole fiasco is really fucking crazy. The fact a 'brand new startup' company that stole assets from a partner just because she could, same as Zuckerberg and Winklevoss, is STILL allowed MOD AUTHORITY over Ethereum is... unsurprising, honestly. I wish they actually had more ethics, but they don't bother with those thoughts. To complex, and involve responsibility.
@_date: 2018-03-13 11:31:56


Never keep anything stored over the internet, period. If you store things locally, the potential attackers are people in your neighborhood. If you store things over cloud, the potential attackers are people on the planet.
The only places where you need to be remotely concerned over storing things locally are places where abduction is high, familiarity with Bitcoin is high, and where the economy is in ruin and people are starving for Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:42:05
Shit that's fucking crazy.
I don't keep much money on exchanges, but this is fucking scary.
Side note - All the sudden installing the GUI desktop wallets became not a fucking problem vs potentially losing huge money...
Condolences, condolences, condolences.
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:59:57
There is a way to fix the majority of this issue.
First, without batching, Bitcoin has a serious price limitation. If you say 1 Sat / Byte is minimum fee, with 225 Bytes, you have a **minimum fee of $0.12 @ $53,300**.
That can **NOT** be fixed by a block size increase, really, it would require a decimal increase or a coin split. However, block size would reduce fee variability, and increase the relative Bitcoin Fee to Bonuses of the Block Reward.
Now let's work backwards. Presume $0.03 is the most a person will pay to send a Bitcoin. That would mean price would 'top out' at $13,300, with 1 Sat / Byte transactions.
Now, with double the block size, you can send twice the transactions, *BUT the 'fee' can not remain at $0.03 unless the price NEVER exceeds $13,300!*
However, with by using Summations, Scripts, Smart Contracts, and Side Chains we can bundle many transactions together into one mega transaction, *meaning each $0.12 BTC fee at $53k would represent 4 or more transactions, on average, bundled together.*


However, as we have seen. The market can not react well to sudden spikes in transaction fees. The motivation must be linear, as technology must be adopted at a linear rate. Which means block fullness created through seasonality is less motivating than a static price increase.
Likewise you have the issue of Bitmain sabotaging our efforts toward progress. How to deal with them? Fortunately you can solve both problems with the same solution.
* We are at Block 515,310
I suggest reducing the Bitcoin Bonus from 12.5 BTC to 3.125 BTC / Block by Block 535,000 - in 4 Months, with a halving at 630,000, and at that point to fall back to schedule (every 210,000 blocks).


First what you'd have would be a significant price increase. To $30,000 in about 3 months, and $100,000 perhaps some 6 months after that.
That would make sending a Bitcoin transaction cost around $0.25. **No matter how much the price of Bitcoin increases, no one will pay $0.25 to spend money.** This would FORCE people to adopt 4-S Scalability (Summations, Scripts, Smart Contracts, &amp; Side Chains).
* This forcing pressure would be permanent.
However, with Jihan this creates another situation for him entirely. For 3 months or so, Jihan (might) lose some money in his mining operations, but this isn't the real objective as the payout to miners would be astronomically high after just a few more months, in terms of real dollars. The real objective is 2 fold:
1) Deal with transaction spamming, and
2) Reduce Jihan's ownership % of Bitcoin
Jihan is expected to collect 50% of all future Bitcoins, with approximately 4 Million to go, or 2 Million Bitcoins. Thus, increasing his ownership % by 10% of the total bitcoins ever produced - With 5% of that coming in the next 3 years.
However, reducing the block reward on 535,000 would reduce future total bitcoin payouts from 4 Mil to 1.2 Mil, making Jihan's ownership % reduce from 10% to 3%. Owning 3% of the blockchain would effectively make Bitcoin his through mining operations alone, and market manipulation would be another matter, out of his reach.
This becomes increasingly important as 4-S Scalability requires a blockchain with consistent transaction fee reliability. Variable transaction fees become increasingly complex to pass on to customers, as transaction fees become divided, again and again.
Against Satoshi fee spam, it prevents this two fold. For one thing, minimum Satoshi fees would become a (relatively) larger percentage of Block Reward. It could easily approach 10% of total block reward, if attacked, meaning mining would significantly increase. Put more precisely, Miners would be rewarded 4x more than they are now, for mining transactions relative to empty blocks.
Additionally, spamming transactions would both be extremely costly to the miner in the near term (while price is lower and their profitability tightened), making wastefulness more punishing, for a few months. Afterwards, spamming fees relative to block payouts, would still be a much bigger gamble versus today. Today, if all Bitcoin bonuses were spent on spamming Bitcoin fees, each transaction could rise to 2,700 Sat / Byte. After the bonus reduction, it would change to up to 694 Sat / Byte.
However, the real kicker is that 4-S scaled transactions will naturally perpetually be paying higher fees to get next block every time. One would expect a Bitcoin Fee which represented 10,000 batched transactions to be, at a minimum, 100x higher than a Bitcoin Fee Person to Person. Thus, in a spam attack, 4-S Scaled transactions would still get through just fine, which would correspond to 90% of the user experience.
Now, in the long-term (being 6 months), the price would scale again, and Jihan would be profiting even more and more. So it would be difficult for him to justify a pure hash attack. However, his long-term ownership interest would effectively be reduced in half. Couple that with the increase in 4-S Scaling options, reducing the disruptive influence of a spam attacks, and you'd have a lot more diverse set of benefactors from the Bitcoin blockchain.
That would be the simplest multi-pronged approach to deal with the Jihan problem. A PoW change could be a good idea, but it could also lead to problems. Significantly reducing the block reward would 100% lead to success, and would help to motivate and reward the 2-layer tech we desperately need developed, and developers earning salaries developing them.
@_date: 2018-02-26 22:02:24
I'm quoting Satoshi Nakamoto, sorry it offends you.
Maybe read his writings before becoming belligerent?
@_date: 2018-03-14 08:47:29
My node was just starting so it hadn't fully connected.
If a node has been active for like an hour or more, it will have 20 connections and will reach mem pool super fast. If you got a slow comp, etc, you might have only 2 or 3 connections at first, and if you 'delete' the transaction near immediately, it might not 'propagate'.
I do not know how it works with Bitpay :P - But if you run Bitcoin Core on your comp, and send a transaction within the first few minutes, there is a good chance you wouldn't have connected to enough nodes yet to propagate properly. If it had been running an hour, then it will reach mempool within a few seconds, and effectively be impossible to cancel after that without a double spend.
@_date: 2018-03-27 02:13:38
There are multiple reasons, but the primary would be functionality improvements. My prediction originally was $5,000 for 2017, $15,000 for 2018, $30,000 for 2019, and a much bigger number for 2020.
There are multiple metrics which converge around $15,000 for 2018. One being a logarithmic price progression graph tweeted by Tuur. Another being a historical trend of 'doubling' in off years (off halvings), which I relate to performance enhancements. Another is that I think there very well might be some 'consolidating' behind Bitcoin, as ICOs lose their luster, which I think will be a big deal in 2018, as we are effectively in a 'bear' market. Not actually down, just not wildly up. ICOs require stupid money, and the stupid money is running thin. Everyone predicts a huge year in 2020, effectively setting a floor price of some reasonable value.
I suspect what you will see is a huge Bitcoin Tech push between March and September, relative to the Tech created from the alt coins, and another Thanksgiving bubble. However, I suspect this bubble will become more long lasting, and less significant. But 2020 quickly approaches, and in 2019 it will begin to feel like it is already here.
The only thing that can ruin Bitcoin permanently is not dealing with Jihan Wu and wishing he goes away, without using systemic force.
@_date: 2018-03-03 13:24:18
This is good for WuCoin.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:35:53
I actually like the BCash community. I only dislike the BCash top dogs (and marketing style). 99% of the Users of BCash are good people.
Many of my dark net friends and ecommerce guys moved over to BCash. Anytime $5 becomes a big deal to you, BCash can become appealing. I got into crypto $200 at a time, that style of investing couldn’t have worked over the Christmas transaction spike. Imagine running an ecommerce site unable to take money over the Christmas season.
Many will come back to Bitcoin. $0.25 is tolerable, but they like ‘free’ - fee included with price, for next block delivery. With Lightning we will get there and outscale 100 to 1 (unless they adopt a similar system).
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:27:08
Yes. Well written article and accurate. Will likely need to go to every 3 months at this rate of innovation.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:50:33
Do you perceive a problem here, or merely discomfort?
@_date: 2018-03-17 17:13:22
I am going to take this attack in full. But let me be clear, it's 50% bullshit and 50% legit.
In Lightning Network, effectively Bitcoin Transactions represent Hash, and Transaction Fees equal Hash Power.
If you can never send a BTC transaction, you have no Hash, and thus lose in dispute. Thus, if I start with $100 on Lightning, Pay you $90, Then claim I still have $100, while disabling the Bitcoin Block chain, then I can potentially become victorious, and transferred back to Bitcoin.


Secondly, you must account for seasonal congestion, and spam transaction fee attacks. Let's say you want a MAXIMUM of 10 Week periods, prior to reverting, should your node fall 'off line'. Would that cover a seasonal rush?
Let's say you consider a Transaction Fee spam attack as 0.01 BTC per Block Transfer ($100). Say one needs to send 400 Transaction Fees per block, to congest the expected 2,000 Transactions into a situation of paying from 1 Sat / Byte to 1,000,000 (Million) Sat / Byte.
In a situation without Bitcoin Bonus Reward, Pure Transaction Fee Reward, this would be awesome. 
*Elliptical Tangent*






So whether or not Jihan technically owns the majority of Hash, his production facilities could out produce the worldly existence of cumulative hash in 5 months.


**Long story short**, Transaction Fees cost Jihan about 50% less than anyone else, as they are ultimately redistributed to his manufacturing operations, and Transaction Fees are not a significant motivator for Hash.
We might say busting a Bitcoin block requires spending 4 BTCs worth in Transaction Fees. Busting 1,000 Blocks could require 4,000 Bitcoins ($40 Mil). If the default MAXIMUM time between Lightning Channel updates is set to 1,000 Blocks (weekly), then one could potentially bust the network for $40 Mil, but much less if executed seasonally, or by Jihan. Jihan could bust it over Christmas for $5 Mil, perhaps.
 the Network Busts, then all Lightning Payments are reset.
**So what's the Take Away**
1) Make Sure to have a Lightning Balance greater than expected Bitcoin Transaction Fees.
2) Make Sure to set the MAXIMUM time to settle to be quite long


 I strongly support making this 10,000 Blocks for Main Net.
3) The more money you store in Lightning, the Longer you want provided to the Maximum Time prior to the Auto-Refund of Lock Out.


**Summary** At 1,000 Blocks times prior to Auto-Refund Lock Out (the Test Net Values), it could cost someone $5 Millions to destroy the integrity of the Lightning Network if executed during a seasonal high. For anyone aside Jihan, it might cost $20 Million.
If you set the lock out period to 10,000 Blocks, then this attack vector costs ~100x more due to market place economics, and so on. I suggest using 10,000 blocks for the Lock Out cycle vs 1,000 Blocks. The White Paper speculated the use of 26,000 Blocks (though all examples given presented 1,000).
@_date: 2018-03-26 21:34:53
I do predict $15,000 this year, however =)
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:05:40
Ya, less than 50%, but more than 5% :P
@_date: 2018-03-27 04:11:31
Very inspiring piece. Looking at all that money is mesmerizing. The idea of an “ICO” type coin made out of metal just feels so quant.
Link to images
[Hong Kong](
[Song Dynasty](
[England - Nightingale Grocer Tokens](
[England - Merchant Guild](
[England - Low Value](
@_date: 2018-02-28 17:42:34
There are other possible solutions. Regarding PoW, these are my Pro / Con:
Pro - Immediate and simple, redistributes future BTC to public, no transaction fee manipulation, greater public interest and involvement in BTC
Con - Short lived, 'vulnerable' to ASIC innovation, likely Market tank (miner manipulation), and many screwed hardware investors (not worse than now, but).
Other possibilities:
* Significantly reduce blockreward, payout
Pro - Stabilize market vs manipulation, does not involve change of PoW, retains ASIC GigaHash protection
Con - Vulnerable to Transaction fee manipulation, Reduces dispersion of BTC (not worse than now, but), Vulnerable to HashAttack (not worse than now, but)
* Proof of Stake (something)
* Round Robin Mining, node rewarding
* Create other forms of distribution (Bonds, or something else)
Surely there are some ideas not listed above... the more we discuss, the more ideas come about, the more the ideas improve through trial.
When people get emotional and hateful toward options, that reduces the quality, overall, as fewer options get presented... it's important to weigh pros and cons of each.
@_date: 2018-03-01 12:10:38
Not as you think.
1) Lag time is long - ramping production up is say, 9 months?
2) You need like $10 B investment to make a dent. That’s a lot of money.
3) PoW very well could change. Bitmain is profitably, but your $10 B would be wasted.
4) Raw material monopoly. Bitmain has been purchasing all ore extraction rights. It’s like the railroad oil Barron’s - they get ore first &amp; you pay double.
5) Even if you got $10 B to blow, you are attempting to STABALIZE vs Extort (Read: Bitmain has Billions in profit incentive, where as you make make millions from similar investment - like probably 10% of what Bitmain profited).
6) Even if you achieve similar costs, electricity is cheaper in China. They still win. And if you move to China, they use government to take your shit.
Bonus : Bitmain is currently setting up shill companies globally &amp; spreading operations to foreign countries. Soon you will see the problem ‘fix itself’ but you won’t know, truly... I know this because they are discussing millions of investment to my town in TN - the only reason to do that is either 1) Block competitors, monopolize power or 2) Set up shills that are geographically dispersed, and thus make the appearance of ‘it fixed itself’.
Lastly, $10 B operations MUST be centrally coordinated, legally binding. About 10% through the project, leadership will become corrupted. No way they maintain good intentions 9 months in. They would partner with Bitmain, most like.
People have no idea how fast Bitmain is ramping up production. $600 Million PER MONTH. ALL PRODUCTION pre 2017 cumulatively totaled $600 Mil. By the time anyone gets something going, Bitmain could have $7 Bil in hardware CREATED - and 70 Bil GigaHash (95%) - this is projected by Dec.
I really don’t know a good solution. My personal recommendation is a hard fork to effectively kill block bonus reward. The only thing that would kill Bitmain is a NEW innovation which is 1,000 x improvement over ASICBoost. That’s asking a lot, but not undoable - but that’s like wishing for Lightning Network production ready next week.
@_date: 2018-03-17 19:39:41
I little more ELIstupid
"compro oro" = Give us Gold, for Euros (implication gold is worthless)
"compro euro" = Give us Euro for Bitcoin (Euro worthless).
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:25:29
Malta has gone [5 months without assassinating a journalist](
I think that’s worth something.
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:50:45
Are you ignorant? They don't give a shit of selling hardware.
@_date: 2018-03-13 13:44:58
Omg. Seriously. 4 USBs are $25. So much safer.
@_date: 2018-03-19 17:47:08
2 reasons.
1) They are on audio recording stating quite plainly that they get into trouble in one country, then hop to another country before getting busted. They say they have such a large network of international contacts, that this is quite easy.
2) I am an auditor. I know what fraudulent activity looks like. Firing your auditor, especially half way or mostly through the process, generally means the auditor came up with disagreeable results. Auditors are like Judges that can be fired. Imagine hiring a judge to arbitrate your case, then firing them 90% of the way through. Secondly, imagine being a billion dollar corp and hiring judges who are exceedingly poor and without reputation, comparatively. For example, I am not permitted to Audit Tether, as their size relative to mine (effectively) makes it too easy for them to bribe me.
Existing for so long without having a successful audit is unreasonable. A successful audit might run $100,000. It's not THAT expensive, considering the relatively straight forward nature of the assets that need to be counted : Tethers and Dollars. It's not like they have significant manufacturing operations in a dozen nations, with a slew of subsidiaries. They have only 2 units that need to be counted, to verify 99% of what they represent daily. Tethers and Dollars. How long does it take to count the number of Tethers, to count Dollars? Like 5 minutes? The rest of the audit would just be verifying it was consistent over time, which again, is not that long of a process. 2 months is totally reasonable, but longer than that is really questionable.
This isn't US politics. When people tell you something, you can actually double check what they state. Tether has obstructed the audit process, and seeks smaller and smaller banks to 'verify' they are legit. This is a questionable practice.
@_date: 2018-03-07 20:28:55
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:01:46
Bitcoin has become huge profits. China, a ‘less free’ state vs US, now controls 50% of all NEW Bitcoins created. Original Bitcoin advocate claims China to be manipulating price, and slowly creating exorbinant strength. China representive of Bitmain says ‘try to change Bitcoin, and I will end Bitcoin’. Is Bitcoin a tool fought over by nation states? Or is it ‘anarchy currency’?
@_date: 2018-03-27 12:28:13
Right so 1 Sat / BTC Transfer is minimum. But once you go below 1 Sat / Byte it gets mixy (as you say, 1 Sat / 100 Byte), as all must be rounded to Whole Sats - and transaction are in varying number of Bytes.
I agree likely irrelevant, considering. Like if BTC was $1 Mil then one Sat becomes a penny. Nobody cares of transaction costs sub pennies.
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:14:01
Years? They already have you...
Just one watch of his show = almost a terrorist. 2 Watches?
Beware their end game. 1st News. 2nd Nesting Dolls. 3rd 9/11.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:37:28
And it's much better to say :
 can buy 1 Million Satoshi for $100"
If the point is for marketing.
I would much rather own 1 Million Satoshi than 0.01 BTC.
Side note, if you own 10 Bitcoins, you have 1 Billion Satoshi. That sounds way the fuck cooler.
@_date: 2018-02-28 17:06:47
Good point :)
Also, however, remember : DECENTRALIZATION is good.
There are other ways to achieve it aside PoW change - BUT we must all agree 'there is a problem', then brainstorm solutions, then fix, etc. PoW work was purposed by Cobra, but his observation of the problem IS correct.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:53:55
^ He’s an angry elf.
@_date: 2018-02-26 00:47:57
You mean... Adderall?
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:52:01
The focus shouldn't be on a $20k Bitcoin, but a stable price Bitcoin - or more specifically a Bitcoin which changes within a given range, say + / - 30%. If actors coordinate together, you can mathematically force a stable priced Bitcoin - this is an advantage of crypto systems vs others.
For simplicity of illustration, let me fast forward to 2040, when there are 100,000 BTC left to issue, and 20.9 Mil outstanding. The 100,000 BTC to issue ALWAYS creates a liability for holders. New buyers, or new money must ALWAYS buy these BTC, in order to achieve stable value. This number is always much bigger than you think it reasonable should be.
But if someone sells 100,000 BTC at the stable value, say $10,000, then they can perpetually prevent a price decline below $5,000, if they use all these funds to repurchase Bitcoins at the lower value. Or if 1 Mil BTC are sold for $10,000, then they can prevent a price decline below $9,100 - forever.
The key to achieving stable value (aside the obvious, Demand &gt; Supply), is to have a very, very low rate of new issuance. I argue a rate of new issuance of approximately 1% is sufficient. BTC is to issue 17% 'at some point' but about 12% of that in the next 6 years. This is a much larger dollar figure than people can truly comprehend.
Another misunderstood concept is that this would negatively affect miner payout. Not really. Eventually New Demand = New Supply, and so long as demand remains constant (about $4 Bil / year), and supply constant in units, then the value of the units must increase until X = $4 Bil. So if new supply was say 10,000 / yr forever (2040 BTC), then unit value would be $400,000 / coin - and thus miners make the same as today (ignoring ASIC monopoly issues, etc).
Add more, as mentioned, the $400,000 / coin is easier to stabilize as well since 99% of supply is outstanding, thus 'new coin' can be consumed by a relatively insignificant coordinated party. As mentioned, it takes only 1 Mil coins acting in unison to prevent a 10% drop, at this level of issuance.
From then on out all new demand can be used to relieve holders of their coins. In such a fairytale, someone might have 99% of their worth tied up in BTC. Eventually they need to sell and spread this wealth into other assets (say cars, houses, children, etc). This is like new issuance, but it is not pressured to sell because of consistent costs, only rising value. So similarly, a small group could coordinate to prevent the value for breaching well-over $400,000 as well.
You might suggest something like:
Hold 10% Cash - On order for $390,000 BTC
Sell 10% BTC - On order for $450,000 BTC
If a group of any size agreed to such terms, it would be hard to move the BTC price in any particular direction, and thus would be (relatively) stabilized.
@_date: 2018-02-12 04:42:36
What is your hard drive cracks? Can you recover your lightning payments if the node dies, rather than closes?
I suspect that is what you will use lightning for. Likely keep $1,000 on the Network, but probably less than $1,000,000 prior to settlement.
@_date: 2017-09-13 16:10:41
I like having Julian on the job. He is a fantastic Bitcoin ally.
He has resource most can't imagine :)
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:20:27
Thieves of a feather... :)
@_date: 2018-03-15 18:14:46


This was the thing I was waiting for. Not sure it was available previously, but people kept getting fucking confused when I asked and said I was spreading FUD.
What this means is that you can backup your node BEFORE adding money to it, and the back up will remain valid after you add money, etc. In previous versions (could be wrong, no straight answers), you could definitely backup a node AFTER you added money, but wasn't sure if you could do it before... being able to backup prior to adding money has obvious significant advantage, should you experience instantaneous data loss, fire, corrupt file, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-26 00:25:12
Honestly I thought this would be exaggeration but Jesus
'So your name is?'
'Hi, I just sat down, not on a chair but a stool, *like the one you get from an after school close out special*, which is like the one my grandpa had, *who went missing in combat in the midst of WWII*, and am happy to help. I go by E Stark, *but you can call me Stark, Stark person, Stark slack, Stark...*...
Some of it is nerves, some of is it is just being really informed, and some of it is not having the customer service practice of dumbing things down to the least required amount of words necessary...
A practice I say to people is "pretend each word cost you a dollar, how would you respond?" - Or another thing I do in scenario training is to catch them on each off-topic statement - 'ah stools, you want to discuss chair types today? I see...'
It takes practice but it's easier for a smart social person to learn how to be concise, then it is to teach a anti-social smart person how to be nice.
@_date: 2018-02-12 05:41:02
Sorry if I’m asking obvious points... with BTC I can make a wallet in advance, back it up on 3 USBs, etc. With L, could I do something similar? I presume not, and after each transaction L must be backed up again a new.
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:43:46
So like 55 days ahead?
Wont matter.
Also, the 'forking' awareness of BCH will fade with time. BTC is BTC. The more time passes, the more people will coalesce with one vs other.
Say 30% of BTC support BCH today. 1 year from now, maybe that's 10%. 2 Years, and BCH will be an alt coin, in regards to it's relation to Bitcoin.
Sure, there could be a 'flippening', but assuming BTC stays top, BCH will continue to slide the more new comers come into BTC, and have never heard of BCH, like ETC vs ETH today. There is like 5% support for ETC in ETH communities, but immediately post fork, it was probably like 30% as well, I'm guessing.
Plus people are getting paid off right now to shill BCH, and that can only continue so long. Many of the people I use to listen to for actual content have become Social Justice Warriors for BCH - like 30 hours+ of discussion - about how not calling BCH Bitcoin is 'offensive, disrespectful, and the sign of a Neanderthal!'
I wonder how much coin they were sent for this crusade, or... perhaps, they were just SJW's at heart this whole time, and it wasn't until BCH it awakened, who knows :)
**tl/dr** BCH won't matter in 1 year, let alone 2. Unless it dominates BTC and they flip, which I consider effectively not possible due to sustained dominance by BTC. Too much time has passed, the gimmick is done.
@_date: 2018-03-01 10:46:59
I’m hugely supportive BUT Bitmain is adding $20 Mil in production each DAY.
For comparison, they have produced DOUBLE Hash in 2018 vs all Hash combined from 2017. Hash has gone from:
* 3 Bil GigaHash, to
* 21 Bil GigaHash
4 Bil per month being added RIGHT NOW now.
Even if you were to open up patents fully, you need $600 Mil / month in production to not LOSE ground and $1 Bil / mon to catch up.
 is a fucking lot!
@_date: 2018-03-02 04:23:52
lol , did not know that :)
@_date: 2018-03-25 08:44:25
This was a great and very accurate summation.
His drive chains &amp; side chains comment could use a LOT more emphasis. I can’t critically evaluate industry requirements at this time (ATM , Exchanges) , but *in terms of technical improvements* **drive chain &amp; side chain are most important for the next 6 months.** I suspect they are also do able.
I think of drive chain &amp; side chain as Lightning &amp; Plasma Cash, for simplicity. One operates as a BTC subchain locally hosted (Lightning) &amp; another operates as a stand-alone distributed blockchain miniature, regionally hosted (Plasma Cash - even though this is ETH, concepts are the same). 
Side chains could be like ‘New York’, ‘Lightning Lab Tokens’ , or ‘Poker Players exchange’. Imagine having a system where either : 10 BTC become 100,000 XYZ Tokens At fixed supply, and can be instantly converted back to BTC. OR where Variable Supply Token is created, with 1 BTC Transaction every 1,000 blocks ‘putting in amber’ the trans history of the side chain Variable Token.
In one instance, the side chain is an extension of BTC network, but in alternative units of measure (for example you could units of 1/1,000 Satoshis) , in another instance the side chain is a unique system using BTC for creating an unalterable historical log. These unique systems would most likely be private blockchains, like ERC20 functionality but as a side chain, so more akin to Plasma.
I explain in great detail the [importance of these changes here](
**tl / dr**


The emphasis here is Batched Transactions per BTC Transaction. Side chains and drive chains do this best with current tech - see Paul Sztorc.
I’ll be making a BIP proposal most like in the near future for reducing Bitcoin Bonus payouts from 4% to 1%, and simultaneously increasing blocksize to 2 MB. As it’s a hard fork no matter what, it’s likely best to simply ‘fork’. What I’d prefer to do most like is ‘pre mine’ so that Bitcoin Bonus payouts equates to 21 Mil Coins eventually, and give these coins to like 100 separate organizations right away, to spur development.
If this system became mass adopted, BTC would be more secure Longterm than currently, and price much higher, and batching made critically important. Even if partly adopted, it has potential to out perform BTC financially, which effectively means it would win out Longterm once again. Technologically, effectively exactly the same.
I have a crew of developers I work with and will probably grab their thoughts, but if anyone is interested in this project with programming skill let me know. It will be big.
@_date: 2018-03-11 16:04:55
This is very, very wrong. Andreas is /generally/ wrong on 51% attack, as he was wrong the idea that BTC was good for McDonalds purchases. Andreas plays down weaknesses and general tells people ‘it’s all ok’ even if it’s not.
Andreas has repeatedly said 51% is ‘a purely racist concern’. This is a lie.
You should read the White Paper. 3 of 9 pages are spent warning against a ‘10 to 30% Hash concentration’ which in white paper it considers disasterous. We are currently at around 60% controlled by Bitmain.
With a ‘sustained’ 51% attack, meaning it’s not a fluke, there is no possibility of recovery. Even hard forking doesn’t work. Why? Because as it says in white paper, it takes ~2 days to prove a double spend with 40%. With 51% you effectively can not prove a double spend, in any timely manner.
The real issue with 51% is that BTC is simply not secure, or reliable. Upon the day Jihan attacks BTC and pumps BCH, BTC will fall. It won’t be able to recover. There is no way of confirming his attack until days later, which means it’s too late to reverse fork (too much volume has passed since). It’s not like the DAO, where the funds are segregated. It’s all BTC funds.
And it would require an emergency PoW change; and to get it ready in like 10 minutes. Not possible.
Blockchain tech can not function when one person gets 51% or Hash. It’s simply not reliable after that, no more than speculative stocks &amp; realty, or a Premined Coin with ‘trusted nodes’. It’s not a real ‘blockchain’ when one entity controls 51% of Hash. It could never recover post an attack.
@_date: 2018-03-17 18:27:04
Yes, this is a really good reply.
The main crux here is, in scenario, Attacker A pays BTC to 1,000 People (whatever), 1,000 People send products, goods, alt-coins to Attacker A. 1,000 People choose to NOT settle out, and THEN Attacker A kidnaps the Bitcoin Network.
It's not 100% unbelievable, but very contrived, yes. The people you are 'robbing' have to give you products faster than Bitcoin.
That said, if you ignore Profitability, and count Disruption as an attack, the BEST thing to do is to


The main issue is that BTC transactions fees are relatively cheap when compared to the entirety of the Lightning Network. Should this become extremely imbalanced (again, in a very contrived manner), the attack vector exists. Like let's say there was 1 Million Bitcoin on 100,000 Channels needing to settle within 100 Blocks (default is 1,000 but I am suggesting using 10,000). Then one person could spend say 5,000 Bitcoins in transaction fees to cause 1 Million Bitcoins of LN Reserves to become reset.
There is some ratio of Total Value of Lightning Network vs Maximum Transaction Fees x Time which should be maintained. I don't know what that is, but if you make Time 10,000 Blocks vs 1,000 vs 100 (his scenario), than LN can secure a significantly larger sum of Bitcoin.
In White Paper they use 1,000 for examples, but suggest even settling every 26,000 Blocks long-term would put significant strain on the Network.
To put another way, the OP is using the White Paper presented attack, presenting it as if it's his own creation, and then creating a highly fictionalized scenario where it can work, easily. It can work, otherwise it wouldn't be in the white paper, but it would be very hard to make profitable, but not unduly expensive to work, under ideal circumstances (such as a seasonal holiday rush).
@_date: 2018-03-10 21:10:53
Cannibus was not legal at this location :)
This design is for Cannibus but tested with tomatoes.
@_date: 2018-03-13 13:50:11
Ya I’ll have to look at that. Didnt realize there was a history of addresses.
@_date: 2017-10-18 02:35:48
ICO, Bitcoin, Ethereum need people who understand Economics &amp; Business Management. I am a CPA, and own a small practice. The liability of work makes it no longer attactive, and the free crypto meetings have become more profitable through shared knowledge.
My most optimal move is to hire an office manager, convert to C-Corp (to sell shares, or maybe LLC), get 2 part-timers, begin Crypto study sessions as an after school item, continue with meetings but spread them to residentials leveraging current attendees, &amp; continue whoring myself for tokens on blockchain. This will create huge societal wealth with huge networking advantages, with a developing talent pool which will require management and coordination.
I am also running for Mayor against the Wrestler Kane. Young persons are attracted to both crypto &amp; politics, so I can leverage one to the other, and attract volunteers for political activity &amp; students with crypto, managed by my accounting staff &amp; interns. Within one year I could likely achieve a network of 50 crypto people, which could rival most any other localized organization for size, though poor in experience. This all would cost some $100,000 with maybe a 6 month payback.
Some other local in the area started a blockchain building Corp, but he’s outsourcing talent vs building it. By building a mini-school type thing, I get huge long term advantage. Though I don’t directly profit, I now have access to 3x my original amount of investments through community trust.
@_date: 2018-03-29 11:17:31
Almost like... all MainStream Media? If you want good journalism, follow individual people. They can not be inconsistent without other people noticing.
Personally I support banning all mainstream media outlets from - Forbes is a worthless brand. 50% OK , 50% Bullshit - 100% Inconsistent.
@_date: 2018-03-27 12:05:13
Yes, so minimum (non free) fee would be 1 Sat / Transaction or 1 Sat per 225 Bytes then, correct?
The $0.25 is another matter. Inelastic, yes. But not sustainable. All $1 Purchases become econmically priced out, and $5 purchases become unmotivated in either direction (vs credit card).
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:43:01
Credit @_date: 2018-03-13 13:49:10
Good information you shared.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:34:15
VerCash has a higher shill count. Anything non-positive toward VerCash gets an instant -5 vote.
I agree with you, it's not OMG MIND BLOWING THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING, but it is scientifically relevant information. The persons complaining about 'who cares about transaction fees', either missed the entire Christmas Bitcoin Discussion, or are shills for VerCash.
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:21:01
Remove "Social Attacks to Bitcoin" and replace with this as an announcement please,
In addition to daily discussion.
Also, set this thread to sort by "New", thank you!
@_date: 2018-02-18 13:19:04
Regarding Utility, it effectively says any ‘pre - functioning’ ICO’s are similar to Payment tokens (but are called Utility).
Example : 
Kodak has established business model , dividend $100 / yr , put onto blockchain = Asset
BAT equal ‘ad revenue dividend’ BUT at time of ICO the value is $0 in ad revenue = Utility (vs Asset)
Ethereum = payment platform (there is no ‘dividend’, or linkage to hard Asset)
Effectively Payment model is default, Asset must be proven. Utility = Payment model which become Asset after developments.
@_date: 2018-02-26 22:42:51
That's over $1,000,000,000 in new hardware, since January :)
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:23:51
This is correct. A soft fork uses internal governance to adjust rules = one Chain. Within context of Bitcoin, this means like ‘all passwords must be 8 characters’ to ‘all NEW passwords must be 12 characters’ and so on. The rules can become more restrictive, but never less, without a hard fork (as I understand).
A hard fork resets the rules or ‘constitution’. If there is programming, money, or social backing, then another constitution is always possible. This can happen at anytime.
However, practically speaking, persons prepare for such an event and then wait for a period of social unrest (such as a ‘necessary’ soft / hard fork), and then try to introduce their chain at said time of confusion &amp; fear.
There could be a new Bitcoin fork everyday, but it simply wouldn’t get much press unless it coordinated its timing with other controversial events, and presented itself as the ‘neutral arbitrator’, ‘for the people’, etc.
Each hard fork can effectively reset all rules, if they want. I don’t know how it affects accumulated Hash power, etc (like will BGold have the historical Hash power of Bitcoin, or restart from 0?).
That’s as I understand it.
@_date: 2018-02-18 06:53:19
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:02:06
The office is established, 300 clients + 5 yr good reputation. Small all the same. The political activity is unlikely to be profitable, so future.
Meetings going on now, but hiring the new batch of labor + expansions = present. I think I can get by with $25k part-labor over 6 months, $15k Ads, &amp; $5k in upgrades = $45k. This would generate $55k revenue easy, but maybe $80k + whatever labor I do. Preferably I’d replace myself too, and make myself like Andreas and minister at large, but unlikely. That would about double the cost, risk.
Recruiting the high school students will be new but I setup near the school for said reason and attended their, for the intention of setting up a mini college long ago. The political thing was fairly random, but the time moves whether we are ready or not.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:44:48
If there is no funtionality, it’s automatically not an Asset.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:57:15
VerCash to go spelunking any day now.
Satoshi's True Vision = 0 Value Digital Numbers, 0 Hash Rate, 0 Transactions, 100% Ver.
@_date: 2018-02-26 12:27:34
She loosely said a beta in 6 months or - 3 to 5 years b/c you can’t rush perfection. :/
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:43:37
Originally I was charging $20, which I collected twice. However, ‘assets under management’ has grown from a half mil to $4 Mil in about 3 months. Two ICOs are forming, and last meeting I just listened while others made presentations. One speculator has made ~8 recommendations for over 50% To 300% gains. Far more than ‘hodl’ but something impossible for us to do solo. Another invests only but splits profit.
Growing the asset pool &amp; splitting research activity has increased the wealth faster than the $20 fee. We now got a China man attending for NEO &amp; Walton Research. Last meeting, he was explaining to us how old Chinese emperors us to value poetry above all. And so parents encouraged their children to be poets instead of mathematicians, and this lead to a weakening of the economy &amp; a lot of starvation. And added, ‘like American parents do now with that ‘be whatever you want’ right?’
But Z, current shadow emperor, has been growing industry and their population is doing good. He asserted that Chinese are very nationalistic, which is as I suspected. So rather than ban crypto, most likely is that he’d make a state coin. He said in China you are allowed to say whatever you want, so long as you don’t criticize the government or Z. He said elections are in name only.
This amount of research would have taken weeks, but we get it for milk &amp; cookies, &amp; for sharing our own. Worth far more than any amount of $20 fees, which would have prevented him from coming. We got another guy setting up mining rigs, etc. specialization which is not possible solo.
Make sense?
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:36:09
You are wrong. You are fixating on a single uncomfortable solution.
Learn to recognize problems without assuming the solution. There is more than one way to skin this cat.
@_date: 2017-10-02 00:06:01
The final stage of enlightenment is disappearance, is it not?
@_date: 2017-09-21 12:28:43
I have been watching as I see "marketers" troll dev forums and social media forums. The most 'abusive' group (of a popular coin) that I've spotted has been Qtum.
I think they have a decent product, but I'd be really surprised if they are not literally paying people to come to Neo forums to promote the product. At one point 50% of the people in Neo forums were like... but isn't Qtum better?... over and over again.
The real tell tale sign was when like 75% of all posts over several weeks were exclusively promotions of Qtum, while the price of Neo was skyrocketing. That is not natural at all.
As it applies, I've also seen several groups influencing the Ethereum Devs in negative ways, which unfortunately has gone amiss in their calculations. I'm somewhat surprised 'socially engineered' marketing and sabotage is not something block chain companies anticipate.
@_date: 2018-02-18 19:08:25
Thank you. I have had complaints from source of spam from casuals. A lot of these guys are not looking for promotion, but are sharing with interested persons.
Is not showing up :(
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:09:30
Hey, for the record I’m syncing full node from Bitcoin.org.
Do I need to grab another wallet for ‘no 2x’ or is this fine?
@_date: 2017-09-21 20:07:38
As far as it applied, I was telling my buddies this would happen. I did miss the 'rebuy' unfortunately :(
But what most won't anticipate is the outcome. Jamie is playing a smart game. Either you regulate the market (Jamie wins), or I will abuse every power I have available to take advantage of a deregulated market place.
In this situation, Jamie had advance knowledge of the China Liquidation sale coming around the corner. Jamie makes comment "Bitcoin is a scam". Redditors (society) claims 'it is not a scam'. Price of bitcoin plummets. Jamie appears to be correct, society stupid. Some Bitcoiners (my friends included) sell at distressed prices, locking in permanent losses. Jamie thin makes a lump sum purchase at $200 per Eth for $10 Million. Price escalates to $300. Jamie makes 50% return in 1 day. China liquidation sale ends, price stabilizes (and effectively can only go up if China reenters, a lot).
This would represent impeccable market timing, and exceedingly smart decision making. Jamie appears to be a hero to the public (he warned them), and a hero to his investors (he bought a prices far below value with insanely high, instant returns).
And then he got the public to do his bidding. "Regulate it, PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! they now cry." Oh really? Sure, regulate it, Jamie wins. Or don't, and I will abuse it. You can't have it both ways.... can you?
Well played Jamie. The hero no one deserves :)
PS - The China liquidation sale will continue until Sept 30th (for those curious) with their new government coming into power round middle of October.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:53:55
You can apply some Math to approximate the Dip. It is as follows :
$28 Bil Eth x 0.067 Miner Exp = $1.9 Bil + Large Holder Release = Let's say $3 Bil Annual sales of ETH
Now for BTC
$86.6 Bil BTC x 0.04 Miner Exp = $3.5 Bil + Large Holder Release = Let's say $4 Bil Annual Sales of BTC
Now, traditionally these values have been set to near equality based on Miner Exp, thus one might suspect BTC to decrease significantly, relative to ETH. However...
Then you must look into Sources of New Investment :
For ETH to grow with $3 Bil Annual Exp more than BTC to grow with $4 Bil Annual Exp, then Sources of New Investment of ETH must be ~ 3 to 4 that of BTC.
In other words, for every 7 persons with NONE crypto holdings, 3 must prefer ETH over BTC, similar with prior purchasers looking to ReBuy, or persons with crypto looking to sell for BTC, or sell for ETH.
When I survey the 'none crypto trading public', to me it seems 9 to 1 prefer to buy BTC vs even having knowledge of anything else. Granted, new players want to score the 'next big thing', but there is unquestionably a dominance of 'blockchain' and 'crypto' meaning BITCOIN in the casual market, which is the primary source of New Money. That said, the Casuals are the ones who panic sell, etc, and buy on emotion. Generally speaking, purchasers of ETH previously bought BTC, and thus are more willing to engage in large, instant purchases, with more rebuy holdings, and a long-term outlook, vs new casuals.
All that said, I predict after a week after the Gold Rush, BTC will drop to near equilibrium of Expense to that of ETH, and then continue back upon a steady climb. If BTC can hold this climb, until 2020 (seems likely, but not guaranteed), at that point it will essentially dominate as the public awareness of Bitcoin vs 'all other brands' will simply be too far ingrained within the public's mind, and the rate of New Investor money required to create price escalation will drop from 1 in 25 person (currently) to 1 in 50 persons, which is easily sustained through growths in population and productivity. 1 in 25 is essentially break even point, and anything below that (like 1 in 10 for ETH, and so on), requires quite a bit of Marketing to be sustained.
I am happy for BTC to be succeeding. I expected better of their competition, but I think in that category I was wrong :)
@_date: 2018-02-19 02:21:06
In the US, you do NOT need to report your BTC as property - it is not considered 'foreign property' since you can keep it on your PC.
Regarding US Taxes (currently, though likely to change), you only report upon selling. Should BTC be considered 'currency' (as is defined in Switzerland, and US Follows), then you report the change in value, regardless if you sell (60% Long Term, 40% short term).
@_date: 2018-07-10 02:56:22
I just want to take a quick step back and remind people Bitcoin IS intended to be a Web 3.0 (or at least as envisioned by Nick Szabo). It is not promoted that way, but that is the ultimate intent.
The basic goals of Bitcoin are this:
1) Club payments, P2P (done)
2) Smart Contract payments, P2B, shopping (in process)
3) Layer 3, Smart Contract layer 2, "internet of things" (like Iota - distant future)
Nick has complained (or supported complainers) expressing ideas of how ISP effectively ruined the internet. The lack of 'propagation flood' became a real problem. However, as BTC is a flooding algorithm, that is tied to money, "censorship" becomes difficult. Once you add an internet layer that operates seemingly instantly (like the Lightning Network), that becomes tied to the BTC network, then you have a universally accessible and agreed upon internet.
This sort of value driving is what will help in one day making the single satoshi quite valuable. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:29:47
Somebody's desperate.
@_date: 2017-10-21 09:18:22
Well said :) - Yes.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:33:28
God fucking damn, we are mirrors.
That said, I suspect BTC will go down to $4,800 after correction... but I said that at $3,000 too... and $4,000... and $4,500. I am the worst.
PS - I got the LOTS of NEO, some LTC &amp; IOTA as well. OMG only from Airdrop.
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:08:32
Some people are born unfunny.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:48:46
For those new, there is some SERIOUS [drama brewing](
@_date: 2018-07-03 11:20:16
And for the record, it is hard coded.
The code says "produce 0 new Bitcoins if coin amount above 21,000,000"
And "half every 210,000 Blocks (4 years) for 2^64 number of cycles, and then produce 0".
The above 'math', while entertaining, has little to do with the actual code which actually applies the limit, in a hard coded way.
However, it is worth it to recognize that between 2018 to 2020, roughly 1 Million Bitcoins will be paid out. From 2020 to 2024, roughly 1.2 Million Bitcoins will be paid, with 1.6 Mil Bitcoins (8% of total supply) divided between the remaining ~100 years (unix timecode limits Bitcoin to ~2100 without a hard fork, date becomes unusable).
Of the 18% remaining of total supply to pay miners for the next 100 years, 10% of that will be paid in the next 6 years.
@_date: 2017-10-05 02:03:44
Great job!
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:29:08
Your understanding of this problem is way off.
And likewise miners don't "fork". I can fork Bitcoin, just as effectively (if not more so) than the miners. Sure they have a bit more money, but it's not as significant of a "threat" as you think. And plus they already have BCash. I suspect they'd just continue with that, and hold on to their more valuable Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-02-17 01:08:36
I think I'm going to start pushing the "Million Satoshis" narrative.
 official, 1 Million Satoshi $100"
@_date: 2018-07-04 13:14:19
Per Capita, Europe rules. Especially the “Swiss BeNeLux” region where Euro Wealth could be a million a head (or more).
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:22:04
Ya, fuck.... this is really me too.
I have told myself "I really need to consolidate into ETH, BTC, and Monero" just yesterday .... :P
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:02:01
Even though I disagree with you, I like the way you present your arguments, etc.
@_date: 2017-10-21 00:48:35
I remember when reddit wasn't a piece of shit, and I'd see this guy on the front page like once a week lol.
And when this sub paid for Bitcoin ads, that shit was hilarious.
Now the front page is like 30% porn, 30% dumbshit, meta, and 30% 'why you need to be mad / happy for no reason' bullshit - 10% actually good. Back in the day it was like 30% good, 50% be happy, 20% porn.
@_date: 2017-10-18 03:21:38
You want the hot tip? IJT
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:32:45
I explained another work around, but comment deleted.
"We are donating $xx based on 200 Sat / upvote from our last post..."
So long as you reference a prior post, you aren't technically asking for upvotes IMO.
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:25:36
There are two (but it's ultimately the same) problems with SHA-256, there are other problems with understanding 51% attacks, and how they work, I'll explain each issue briefly.
First, with 51% attacks and how they work. The MAIN concern with a 51% attack is the "Rewind Attack". This is where someone pays money to rent miners to "Rewind" the Bitcoin blockchain. The current cost to "Rewind" Bitcoin 1 Block is 12.5 BTC x Price (say $6,000) = $75,000. To make this profitable, you must transact, get the goods, and then rewind Bitcoin to get the coins back and have this new chain become accepted. Generally people would use an exchange, as crypto to crypto are the fastest 'exchanged' goods (as opposed to buying a car), and you might need to Rewind 18 blocks (3 hours) in order to clear the exchange without their fraud stuff going off. So the cost to Rewind BTC 18 blocks is currently $1.4 Mil, if you assume "free market", etc, etc. This is why PoW payouts are so high, and people brag about excessive hash power, but I suspect this can be solved by using a Check Point system (already in the code), that simply stops Nodes from accepting blockchains more than 6 blocks "out of sync". Currently Bitcoin is set to refuse blockchains that are 72 blocks (12 hours) out of sync, if I understand the code correctly. That's unnecessarily long, for it's current usage. But that is why people obsess over tons of hash power, but it's not really necessary (IMO). "Rewind Attack" is the primary form of a disruptive, and profitable, 51% attack.
Now, just to note, if one person already owns 51% of the miners (or so), then they can effectively do this anytime they want, but let's ignore that for now.
Problems with SHA-256 :
1) Hacking the SHA-256 algorithm. Long ago, some began hacking the SHA-256 algorithm. Originally, the Satoshi Nakamoto group had 3 basic concepts they were trying to promote 1) (Relative) Equality of Wealth Distribution, 2) Provide a market for advanced personal computing hardware, and 3) Provide a market for advanced power making hardware. Addressing points 2 &amp; 3, SHA-256 is not all purpose personal computing hardware, thus it provides no usefulness to the overall economy, and in fact is a drain of resources which could be better spent. Likewise, the hack was so powerful, that it made competition for power innovation (virtually) obsolete. Sure, huge warehouses, but had Bitcoin functioned as the Satoshi Nakamoto group originally intended, where personal computers were mining Bitcoin, then instead of warehouses attempting to move to power plants, you'd have say millions of homeowners installing water turbines, solar, and other devices in attempts to collect power, as this would become the scarce resource, not the hack.
2) Address point 1, ending the (relative) distribution of wealth equality. While some don't understand this concept concerning Byzantine consensus (including Nick Szabo, one of the smartest humans currently living), their is an issue of "at stake" or "skin in the game" that is necessary to maintain Byzantine consensus. If one person risks 99% of their wealth, and another risks 1%, then Byzantine consensus can fail as the person risking 1% is unmotivated to seek the truth. In the classic problem, two generals are risking death. But in Bitcoin, effectively Jihan risks 90% of his wealth, and maybe the collective of everyone else amounts to 10%. Which is to say the Future Bonuses of Bitcoin (which amount to around $20 Billion over the next few years) will go 90% to Jihan and maybe 10% to the rest of the world. This causes the world to become divested in protecting the validity of Bitcoin. You'd be amazed at how more educated, involved, and excited the overall community was when everyone was running an at home miner. Bitcoin was economic freedom. Today, it's Jihan's money pit.
And to clarify, as some do not understand the nature of a monopoly (and are loud, obnoxious, and really stupid), let me go over that for them, as I know those types of people frequent this forum and are not moderated against, if not encouraged.
In a monopoly, you set the price equal to the maximum. There is no "supply demand" really. It's simply, what is the maximum output X product can produce, and that will be my price. So in the case of Jihan Wu and Bitcoin, it's quite simple to calculate X Miner can produce $2,000 of expected wealth over it's life (again, about 1 year, and then it becomes industrial waste, wasted human energy and unnecessary pollution). The cost to produce said miner might be about $500, but this doesn't even matter.
So the selling price of the miner is say, $1,900, with an expected profit of $100 to the buyer, or 5%. Jihan immediately earns $1,400 in profits. This is not because his product is invaluable (in the traditional sense, like the Tesla Electric Motor), but because he created the best hack of the Bitcoin algorithm which effectively pays out in cash. So while Jihan may only mine with 50% of the Bitcoin hash, he receives 90% of the overall profits, as he is profiting $1,500 for each miner he uses himself, and $1,400 for each miner he sells, and the public profits $100 for each miner they purchase.
Now, this all gets complicated when you start to understand how Tera hashing works, production lead times, etc, etc. His profits often escalate well beyond expectation because (as a monopoly) his customers must pay for 1 month of development before a shipment (not sold in stores), he has worn their equipment without compensation (shipping used products), but most importantly he controls the Bitcoin payout.
In the payout calculation, one (may) assume linear growth in hash rate. However, after a Bitmain shipment the hash rate can double, effectively dropping profit expectations in half. And if you follow the Bitcoin hash rate, I think it increased 5x January to February, effectively dropping profit expectations to 20% of original projections. This is more problematic as persons pay 1 month in advance, unable to react to Bitmain swarm of production, as they could in a free market.
Long term, any PoW algo can become monopolized. But for now, Jihan has become an extreme monopolist and has been tolerated for years, with personal profits from Bitcoin exceeding several Billion. That's $$$$ Billions, from exploiting his hack, and state power. Switching PoW is a no brainer, and is what the original Satoshi Nakamoto group would have wanted but perhaps the persons who best understood these concepts is no longer participating in Bitcoin, and the remainders do not care.
But I think a Check Point system is the best approach, and significantly reducing the Bitcoin Bonus, down from 12.5 BTC per block to 0.05 BTC per Block. Doing this solves multiple issues simultaneously, 1) Makes it more valuable (scarce), 2) Reduces Monopolist Extortion (under any PoW system), and 3) Makes the Bonus equal to expected Transaction Fees, significantly reducing the effectiveness of "transaction spam attacks".
But all good things come to those who wait.
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:47:41
Thomas Jefferson did not say this. These words were not in use during his time.
He is also very long winded. Some things Jefferson was known for were pushing for the abolishment of slavery into the Declaration of Independence and requiring “happiness” to be inserted to the constitution. He was big on “happiness”. Ben Franklin gave him a copy of his Auto. Jefferson gave it over to the heir, but later remises, thinking William under full control of the Tory’s. His Works, Auto, and letters stayed in private possession for 20 Years, until after the conclusion of Jefferson’s autobiography.
I’m surprised Jefferson did not catch the hints of the Good Doctor. But all the same, he felt Patrick Henry wouldn’t write him because ‘he didn’t know how to read’ - He wasn’t a man for subtlety.
@_date: 2018-07-16 00:16:19
StopAndDecrypt, and BashCo have a lot of reasons. For one, they were bashing him before, and he blocked them. [This is totally not his right]( If Naval blocks StopAndDecrypt from harassing him, is it not justified, if not expected, this will cause StopAndDecrypt to alter his ego into one solely mocking Naval? Naval is just acting childish. Unfortunately, StopAndDecrypt is weak and incapable of bashing Naval on his own, or coming up with his own ideas. He is a "Snowflake", or so he tells others.
So one day, StopAndDecrypt, some trash people, WhalePanda, Monero boy, and some cat paid by Blockstream got together. All agreed Naval was unjustified in not allowing them to bash him on his twitter feed, but individually they were too cowardly to act.


This is pure Bitcoin. If Bitcoin leadership and mod team can't call you names and organize a targeted campaign against you, then what has this all been for?
Plus, Naval is close with Nick Szabo, and these little pony boys feel insecure about their continued relationship. Maybe Szabo won't be their friend if he has a successful, hardworking, well connected counter part to talk to, instead of these doofi? Sometimes you got to front, and flex, or you lose your place at the table. Naval needs to get flexed down. Obvious enough to me.
@_date: 2018-02-26 12:31:25
Ya the backup thing was fucking me up. Luckily I made a lot :)
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:01:19
I will help you with that good sir!
@_date: 2018-07-16 02:26:09
Some where between a Blockstream troll campaign, and type II Diabetes.
@_date: 2017-10-18 01:26:15
Ya, essentially so long as you have good current income (job) with ability to save, it’s GREAT financial advice to put your ‘life’s savings’ in Bitcoin.  If you have 3 years to wait, you are golden. The risk is worth the reward.
I’d recommend 100% Bitcoin, until you have $200,000 in. After $200,000, I’d recommend beginning to Diversify (Mutual Funds).
If you have less than $20,000, it is more profitable to focus on improving your current income &amp; ability to save. I spent $1,500 making giant signs promoting Bitcoin Meetings for ‘free’ &amp; I am beginning to see huge returns, along with my transition from Accounting to Crypto- Accounting.
So if you earn less than $60,000 - the most profitable move is to setup weekly crypto meetings for Bitcoin. This costs $2,000 Tops. And I’d put 100% savings in, until $200k
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:13:07
Agreed. I give 2 dusty fucks about Nvidea. If we reduce costs from $4 Billion To $1 Billion, I will personally donate 1 $50,000 Bitcoin to the poor miners charity fund.
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:21:06
Man, I love the Swiss and their domination of Crypto currencies and AI warfare technology. Not a better group of people on this Earth who I'd rather trust with such godly power. Such a magnificent culture of man.
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:02:24
Great and wise post brother.
@_date: 2018-07-15 22:10:14
Is it bad thing to impersonate others, and associate them with shitty comments? [Look At Me Im StopAndDecrypt](
Maybe if you stopped "getting too high from huffing your [own farts]( as BashCo would say, then you would catch the joke, and realize it's extremely fun and not 'awful' at all.
PS -  S&amp;D says stop being a Snowflake.
@_date: 2018-07-14 21:06:30
I know right? Good, educational, enthralling content! Yippie!!!
@_date: 2018-07-10 18:42:04
That is a good point, but you can do several things here.
1) The government doesn't take your money, they are taking a USB drive with your private key. For your "passwords" you could write down like "Umbrella" and your real password is "UmbrellaBitcoinBitcoinBitcoin". That's simple enough to remember and explain to family members, if they need it. Without passwords, your private key isn't worth much.
2) You can use other types of similar institutions, such as a library, post office, school, walmart, or where ever. All you need to do is hide a USB flash drive and incomplete passwords, or similar in public, semi-regulated locations.
3) You can really just keep an extra copy in your backyard, it's really no big deal. If the gov stole your shit, your family could find that one day or whatever. And if buried deep enough, still prevents you from easy access (if that's your goal).
The main thing is to have a good STORY that you can commit to, that sounds reasonable and believable. Under pressure, you can't come up with a truly good story.
However, there is something to be said to NOT being able to be extorted, even if you wanted to give it to them. A bank, or similar, is the only way to protect yourself from that (IMO). If it's in your backyard, you may cave early, or get killed even after you give it to them. Not having the option is a good choice.
Equally important, however is practicing the use of small wallets for common payments... always telling people you need to wait until the bank opens to transfer over $10,000 or so... and NEVER tell someone you "day trade" (Or do ICO's), until withdrawals from your exchange accounts are locked down to 1 or 2 Bitcoin addresses.
Anyone who discusses day trading in public is an immediate target, IMO. Or who mentions they can 'quickly' transfer Bitcoins. Always talk as if they are at the bank, etc, etc.
@_date: 2017-10-13 08:49:18
I recommend everyone follow my lead, and think like Jesus.
After $5,000 profits, I took $1,000 and bought 6’ x 10’ signage plus 2 more 2’ x 6’ signage. I converted my office into a house of worship for the study of cryptography &amp; Bitcoin. If I had a house only, I’d recommend one or two signs only and proceed as follows.
Each week I welcome the public into my office (or garage), Wednesday 5:30pm. Early on this was only friends &amp; Family, now it’s about 50 / 50. The objective is to acquire 12 Bitcoin deciples. We now have about 8 regulars, assets approaching $4 Mil collectively, 2 ICOs (or new coins, rather) in progress, 1 tutoring service for $100 / hr or $20 per question, and put out instructional videos weekly which are simply the recordings of our meeting. 1 of us is also seeking political office.
This process began 3 months ago, and developed organically from there based on signage, evangelism, and wealth creation. Collectively, we increased our profits approximately 30% more than had we acted alone, and my family’s ownership of Bitcoins has increased 200% vs had I acted alone.
Our next step is likely to create an after school program for High School students for the study of Block Chain so that they may serve us in the future, and prosper individually as well. After we achieve the number of 12, the public meetings will end and we will operate as a private collective.
Following these steps has increased our bitcoins far more than had we buried them in the sand.
[One of Our Meetings](
@_date: 2018-07-10 04:31:26
All transactions are broadcast to all. So what nodes do is receive 1 transaction, and broadcast it 20 other nodes (or all connected). The means that it is extremely difficult to prevent a transaction from reaching some form of critical mass, and to then be censored.
Not all other crypto works like this. Nano, for example, is self contained (I think). I also think the privacy coins (like Monero) don't flood networks.
For example, Andreas has talked about this some about 'flooding' the internet with bandwidth. While Bitcoin adds 1 GB of data every few days, a node might transmit 1 GB of data in 1 hour because of the constant rely of every single message it receives (which has little to do with Block creation data... which is like 12 Megabytes in that time). Even now on small internet, it is hard to be a fully functioning node, regardless of comp specs. Compare this to Monero, where effectively no internet data is used because it doesn't use a flood system (I don't think).
Anyways, "flooding" and "transaction censorship resistance" are not really important for a coin. Flooding is a ton of data, that's not really necessary. Censoring a single transaction or group of them is not practical until one gets like 90% hash power (WELL over 50%).
BUT this stuff is extremely important with 2nd layer tech, and in particular the Web. The Web is (and always will be) highly censored. This is possible because instead of flooding, there is a chain of command that goes CPU, ISP, Gov Agencies, Outside World. With BTC, flooding is property 1, making it hard to censor. The only thing worth censoring is not the money, nor the lightning merchant processing, but the 'internet' type data it could transmit (like Wikileaks).
Many in the old cipher punk communities really lament how the internet has become censored (even internet creators), and Bitcoin is very much designed to (potentially) become an internet backup, in a way in which it would be extremely hard to censor.
@_date: 2018-07-04 00:56:15
I feel this is WAY off. Written June 2018, so up to date, but...
* At $6,000 BTC rewards $4 Billion per year
* At $10,000 $6.5 Billion
* At $40,000 $26 Billion
* At $100,000 $65 Billion
Gold is said to consume $140 Bil, Banking say $90 Bil. So now you can force the math and... Bitcoin annually consumes more resources than Gold when expense equals $140 Bil or at $215,000 or $4 Tril market cap.
Beyond a price point of $15,000, the 4% / 2% Annual Expense becomes extremely painful. When BTC reaches $40,000, I think the mining expense will make Bitcoin value fragile. To reduce this volatility risk, Bitcoin could set the cap of coins to 18 Mil and spread 0.05 BTC / Block over 100 years or what not.
@_date: 2018-07-09 20:51:22


One thing about Bitcoin is that it goes back to Gold. In times where Gold (and similar currencies) were popular Robin Hood, Jesse James, and other street bandits could make fortunes robbing stage coaches in transit. If Bitcoin becomes more mainstream, times like these could come again.
While it seems far fetched, robbing a house built on fiat has the reward potential of about $25,000 tops. It's not feasible to execute a bank transfer, make a HUGE purchase on a credit card, or ATM withdrawal more than $1,000 or what not. Anything in under 1 to 2 hours is limited to $25,000.
Except with Bitcoin. Hacking an exchange, or robbing a person, has virtually unlimited potential, and millions can be transferred in minutes. It's the most profitable form of person to person armed robbery bar none, with second place capping out at around $25,000.
So what do you do?
Remove any possibility of a thief acquiring more than $25,000. Will this create some hassle? Sure, but for social leaders and millionaires, it's likely worth it. For anonymous individuals of low profile, IT IS STILL IMPORTANT, because one needs to have a good story.
During a robbery, you want to do the following:
* Assess the situation (Effectively, are these 'crack heads' or professionals? Crack heads yield to authority and can be tricked, professionals kill, torture. With professionals, your family may be threatened, etc, making reprisals unreasonable.)
* Make a token offering (Generally speaking paying up to $10,000 or so to escape a violent situation is a good spend. If the robber is a crack head, they will leave happy. One could argue all your money for your life, but I suggest positioning yourself as to where that is not an option.)
* Remove the ability to access large amounts of funds.
There are two things necessary to achieve this:
1) Attempt to PREVENT withdrawals from exchanges to unknown Bitcoin addresses, or other wallets altogether. And to put new addresses on a one-week lock. 2 Factor Authentication does nothing for you in the event of a robbery. Instead, only allow withdrawals to 1 BTC address, the one in your bank vault.
2) Make a multi-signature wallet on [Bitcoin Core]( or other, 2 of 4 (or 2 of 6 or similar). Unlike other methods where the passwords are kept with friends or family, instead get FOUR safe deposit boxes in four separate banks. Within each bank keep ONE password and a USB drive for your wallet .dat file. In order to access your 'vault' you MUST visit TWO different banks, and access your safe deposit box in each.
For Accounting purposes, you should do the following:
All Incoming Funds -&gt; Vault BTC Address (multisig 2 of 4)
Decoy Stash (small random incoming funds, etc, transfers to Trezor, large and midsized outflows). USB drives or similar. Transfers mostly to keep up activity.
Trezor (or mobile hardware wallet) - For small outgoing purchases, minor trades, etc - mobile, safe to use on public machines.
**tl / dr : So in the end, you should have:**
* Hot Wallet (Trezor) for shopping, trades ($5,000)
* Decoy Stash ($10,000)
* Real Stash, Vault - 2 of 4 multisig - in 4 Bank Lock Boxes, password in the boxes, 1 per Bank (Millions). With all incoming funds set to pay to this public address (or these public addresses if you have multiple businesses, etc).
* Exchanges - Require pre approved BTC withdrawal addresses, new addresses 1 week delay prior to transfer, etc.
Such a setup such as that caps the ability for any armed robber to score more than $15,000 off your person, does not require (significant) coordination with family members (nor jeopardizes them), and forces your person to be transferred between two banking institutions before accessing significant funds (allowing for time to phone the police, and for them to arrive at your future destination, etc).
Even if you do not take these precautions, it is important to have this 'story' ready, so that you can discourage a robber from accessing your 'vault'. Simply tell them it is held in a Safe Deposit Box at 4 banks, and that you need to visit 2 of the 4 banks in order to access the funds. Such a setup takes 90 minutes for you to access funds as needed, but makes any form of extortion next to impossible. It's a highly believable story, and keeps you safe.
However, keep in mind making a token offering (say $1,000 to $10,000) can make a robber very happy, and keep them from going home empty handed. Just something to keep in mind. So there you have my suggestion as to how to physically protect your Bitcoins, and understanding the realities of physical threats.
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:00:45
Would that bother you?
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:50:02
That is way off man :(
I know you are trying and mean well, and I really don't want to argue, so I'm just going to let that be.
Regarding the part about Monero, that may be true, but Bitcoin pays out $5.00 Billion annually where as Monero pays out like $0.01 Billion annually. If Bitcoin was to become an all-purpose mining situation, it wouldn't have "government hackable hash", any more than it does today.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:06:45


Robust applications are so important, glad the sharp tongued Cobra is taking time to remind us.
With his warnings against Halong Mining, Bitcoin Cash, and Bitcoin Core, it's clear the writing is on the wall.
Let the enemies of the heir beware.
@_date: 2018-04-04 00:07:11
50 Seconds in for those curious.
@_date: 2018-04-17 12:45:47
lol a lot of people are. I don’t mind Loans... I take out loans all the time, if people give you money a cheap interest rates says Halah and move on.
@_date: 2018-04-10 19:26:18
I agree with this outlook 100% - knowledgeable observation.
@_date: 2018-04-17 12:47:18
They aren’t the mob. I got 5 yrs of equal monthly payments. Don’t give a fuck son.
It would be funny if the IRS busted kneecaps, though.
@_date: 2018-04-07 06:16:04
It’s effectively saying :
“I don’t expect you to get this, but may I keep going?”
“Do I have permission to continue without waiting for you to catch up?”
Like “The Lightning Nodes use X 135 flux capacitors, in the mainframe of the auxiliary port twwwoooo thirrtty fivvve.”
So as opposed to ‘wanting them to ask about the flux capacitors’ you are saying ‘don’t ask about this cause I am about to say something crazier next’.
@_date: 2018-04-23 02:10:30
Scott Adams is also on record asking for the removal of the CIA deep state apparatus. The guy lives a full life.
@_date: 2018-04-05 00:17:39
I’m fine with Bitcoin Gold, 2x, Diamond, etc...
If they bought Bitcoin.com, org, Slack, Twitter, Impersonated Persons and brand - less cool.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:12:20
This is what I think you will see in BTC
~$15k to $30k Thanksgiving spike, 2018
~$30k to $80k Thanksgiving Bull Run, 2019
~$50k to $250k Halving Bull Run, 2020
Some days I say $80k, other days I feel $250k, but...
2021 I suspect will actually be a very "trying" year. There are numerous things which I think will occur in 2021, which may harm Bitcoin, namely an 'overly optimistic' bull run - And other factors.
Crypto will ultra explode 2021, but say BTC gets to $100k in 2020. That's $1 Trillion per year spent on Hash Security, or $2.5 Billion daily needing to be funneled into Bitcoin to simply maintain, let alone grow.
This also means that minimum Satoshi cost for sending a BTC transaction over network (we will be pure 2nd layer by this point, obviously), would be $0.001 or $0.23 at 1 Sat / Byte, 225 Byte. If you speculate 10 Sat as 'standard', than $2.30 per BTC direct transfers, effectively preventing $5 transactions from using BTC direct.
But what is more relevant, is you presume mining continues along the path of specializing (which it will), and monopolistic tendencies (which it most likely will), then you have a real issue. For example, say Jihan achieves 5% Excess Profit vs Public Common, say 50%.
Say this is 625,000,000 Sat / Block, or 1,389 Sat / Byte processed.
Thus Jihan could pay, at cost same as Public Common, 139 Sat / Byte for every single Bitcoin transaction (625,000,000 x 0.05 = 31,250,000 / 450,000 = 69 / 0.50 = 139 Sat), flooding the network - or $31.25 per transaction, at 225 Byte, presuming 50% Hash ownership. And if blocks remain over 50% full at similar on going rates, then it is effectively at no cost to him to spend 10x more (which would also artificially drive up the demand of mining equipment to public, causing them to over pay, in which he can 'short' them afterwards, and re-purchase equipment at close out values, like today).
Even if BTC is to cost $300 / Transfer during a transaction spam attack, presuming 2nd Layer, this is largely inconsequential as it is divided between 1,000 Real Life Transactions or $0.30 Each. But the quantity of Bitcoin required to execute this is actually quite little. If you say you must flood 50% of Network, then 150,000 BTC can flood an entire year, or anyone with $1 Bil BTC today.
And then you have the EOS attack vector. "Alt Coin" raising funding via your platform, in your value, promising to replace your platform and destroy it simultaneously. As the 'concentrations' of BTC are not well distributed, this person could be a disgruntled Ver, a Winklevoss, or a series of brats who just like fucking people and happen upon 150,000 BTC. Example, Draper has 300,000 BTC, as noted.
I don't know a great solution to solve, but I suspect Transaction Fee Reward should be Burned, or some % burned, ultimately. Even in a 100% Monopolistic mining scenario, double spend is of less value as opposed to Transaction Fee spam, which would be costless, perpetual, and insanely destructive.
Waiting until the price has already escalated, 2nd layer ingrained, and so on, effectively makes hard forking impossible, unreasonable, and the 'high worth terrorist' has equal ownership of new chain, so on. He would have millions to pay in social media shills, drowning opposition.
I do not think Technology works in such a way that the public can prevent concentration. Public is too sheepish, honestly, and Ideas come upon single individuals, or small groups. BTC was founded by the work of 1 (or a few) man, not the 'open source' of millions of people attempting to destroy the Fed, etc.
I think the only solution would be (in the end) to Burn some % of transaction fee, to prevent it from becoming cost-less to the monopolist. There could be other ideas, but this concept was tested last Christmas, and will be tested again this Christmas, and will be executed in full force 2020.
In 2021, the public will be required to accept, or adjust. In this moment of chaos, the flood of noobs will be so insane, the anger so vehement, the Craig Wrights &amp; Ver's so numerous, 'overwhelming social consensus' could be a challenge. As people say, social discussion is best in times of downturns, most everyone agrees with this. Up cycles create too much noobery, and maximalist justification, etc, to produce critical though.
But that's just my opinion. Take it with a grain of salt. I've been wrong many, a many times before.
@_date: 2018-04-07 06:43:54
This was a great interview, no doubt.
It's good practice to open a topic with a ELI5 , and the proceed to the excited ‘Lightning talk’. The hodl and crytokittes was definitely good. Very ‘customer focused’. The Lightning Network needs a more obtainable analogy. 2 layer doesn’t cut it. The speed of delivery was about perfect. It feels the Lightning haha. I might try:
"Lightning is like a Credit Card Professor for the Bank of Bitcoin, it facilitates small purchases instantly with a stable penny fee.
The power source for Lightning is Bitcoins. One charges a “channel” with Bitcoins. One token used for both, Bitcoin. It’s a functionality improvement, like cars that fly."
@_date: 2018-07-15 22:29:40
You are really bringing this all on yourself. Maybe if you stopped huffing your farts, these things would be ROFL funny to you again.
@_date: 2018-04-08 10:37:21
I talk about this in depth [here]( but it is a very big issue. In the White Paper, there were but a few points discussed, many of which are no longer valid today. **In White Paper, "Miners" are never mentioned.** Only Nodes. It was never intended for Miners and Nodes to be significantly different.
In White Paper, it explicitly states that IP address would allow one person to accumulate more power than another. But that PoW was "**One-CPU-One-Vote**", which is CLEARLY stated to be the opposite of one person acquiring more power than another. It also states that this method allows for **fair distribution, as there is no central authority** of issuance. Distribution is no longer equal, or even approximate to.
In White Paper, regarding 51% Hash Attack, it states that this would '**invalidate their source of wealth**'. This is no longer true today either, as there are many alternative cryptos, such as Bcash. Destroying Bitcoin would not destroy Bcash, thus it would not invalidate their source of wealth. In White Paper, it STRONGLY **warns against anyone group acquiring over 10% of the Hashing Power**. It sets a boundary of 10% as concerning, and 30% as intolerable. Today Jihan has a very significant amount.
In White Paper, it suggests **99.9% accuracy should be the standard**. It then says that with **45% Hash Concentration, this can only be obtained after 2 and half days** as opposed to 1 hour, with a maximum of 10% concentration.
For those that are unaware, there is no possibility of getting 99.9% accuracy after 51% Hash Concentration. After 51% Hash Concentration, effectively other Nodes become irrelevant. ASIC Resistance is part of what made Bitcoin great, but what we have today is not what Satoshi had in mind or invented. Not due to technical improvements, but due to intentional disregard to his warnings, and his ideals.
@_date: 2018-04-13 18:19:49
Yes, well put.
And in many ways collective mindsets produce great results, particularly in production or reproduction.
One of the great questions, however, is which mindset or system produces the most invention. Many suspect if everyone was equally educated, invention increases, but should inventors be rewarded excessively, at the expense of the group? Unlike 'corporations', inventors tend to be weak individuals without power, and thus they are at the mercy of larger forces.
Effectively, invention is the goal of man, in the sum. Some say people, some say land, some say space, same say equality, but invention is the ultimate judge as to the worth of ones society. The rule that leads to greatest invention, is the rule to follow.
None have this perfected, but it has improved, over time.
@_date: 2018-04-17 12:05:17
I filed but paying over 5 yrs. interest rates are good, and something will happen in the next 5 Years.
Like kind for crypto is bullshit.
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:17:06
If you want get go deep, check out Wikileaks page covering the detailed accounts of the on-going investigation regarding the Seth Rich Murder. 
There are so many avenues of cover up being applied by the State and DNC regarding this investigation that it's becoming too obvious to ignore.
@_date: 2018-04-25 13:08:05
Beautiful little story!
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:39:05
So in Asia, the police are sort of real crazy. In America, police come in 3 types. Some watch a protest, and prevent groups fighting one another. Others police detain and beat people. And others aggressively charge you and pepper spray. But that 3rd type is pretty rare, honestly.
In Asia it gets real whack. Populations are huge. If they do a protest, it's thousands and millions, and in 2020 or 2024 you might see a billion people protesting in coordination. Also they have no weapons.
So in response to that, Asian police are insanely aggressive, and so is Asian political machinery. For example, most Americans have forgotten, but there was a "Million (black) Man March" on Washington in the 60's. The Washington political machinery used loud speakers, megaphones, and music to turn it into festival instead of a political point of contention. In contrast, for example, WWII vets camped out on Washington for months, years, maybe a decade?, where as the Millions of Blacks just came and went.
The last march on Seoul, Korea, against their Empress, who had taken to [sorcery and spell casting]( got replaced with a giant 5 day music festival. Professional bands, professional stage and equipment, blasting top 40 hits for 5 days or some such.
But on the other end, if you refused to go to the music festival, Asian police shoot to kill, pretty regular, vs protesters. Firing into crowds, where as in America this would be considered insane, is really standard for Asian police. Asian police also have mad tactics of rushing like 200 or 300 police, charging forward like running backs, to capture hundreds at a time.
Thus, the Umbrella Protest began, with the use of Umbrella's as giant shields to deflect rubber bullets, spray cans, and otherwise make it more difficult for police to launch projectiles into crowds of people.
In America, this concept hasn't even been considered :) - I mean sometimes our protesters attack or antagonize police, where as in Asia you can just get shoot for standing 20 feet away. One reason for this is that people in Asia are far more docile, obedient, and defenseless, as opposed to Western peoples. The concept of 'fighting' is absolutely foreign, or "all for one, one for all" and so on.
In the Western world, we visualize ourselves as Lions and Bears, and in Asia they visualize themselves as Ants, Rats, and so on - disposable, and individually worthless.
@_date: 2018-04-06 03:22:30
Once you batch everything down to exactly-paid transactions, Bitcoin is $0.01 Per $5,000 cost. If $20,000 it costs $0.04 to send.
Once you Lightning Batch, you can double batch, for infinity scalable transactions, maybe. 100 Transactions per BTC Movement at 0.01 Each.
The key here However Is sustaining a Cost above $15,000.
@_date: 2018-04-11 19:50:37
"Kids everywhere are choosing high morals over food, shelter, or a valued wage, working for peanuts, mere peanuts, because Bitcoin!"
All the same, I do find it funny when people say Satoshi didn't "pre-mine" yet is sitting on 1 Mil BTC (or some such) - And use this justification to bash anyone else wanting "DIRTY FILTHY MONEY" to develop a business.
Blockchain people are stupidly hypocritical and moronic, when it comes to their "high morality" of "I'm in it for the technology" shit - Sure, we all are, but I could also invest in Tesla, or just throw money at a tech charity, if that's all I cared about. Bitcoin is both technology AND soundness of investment, not some fucking ultra high minded, holier than thou, 'I live in a dirt house, on a cot, and eat garden veggies' bullshit.
When you perform work, seeking money relative to talent required by no means makes you an asshole. Sure, the ICO guys went fucking crazy (some of them), but quite a few were very reasonable (example WeTrust raised like $10 Mil - Sure, it might not go anywhere, but around $10 Mil is a very reasonable sum for starting a highly advanced corp or business - Once you cross $25 Mil, either they better have some great ideas, expenses, or the investors got scammed).
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:29:10
A high level IT Director for the DNC gets shot in Washington DC with no witnesses or leads?
*sigh* Political assassinations have happened.
@_date: 2017-07-14 02:37:07
Brazil is going to be the crypto town :)
@_date: 2017-05-04 12:53:52
The impression I have is that there are two main ways for minimal security:
2 USB / Comps + Paper Wallet print out of Key
OR Paper Wallet = 12 Random Words = Hash -&gt; Make that your key.
@_date: 2017-07-14 02:31:56
I'm sticking with that.
@_date: 2018-12-10 05:07:25
Right, exactly. From 2024 to 2028 you might see something of a flippening away from Gold, but I don't think 2020 to 2024.
And then in 2028 to 2032 THAT is when you might see a flippening out of dollars to BTC, who knows.
@_date: 2018-12-05 15:27:03
I can run a full (remote) BTC server for $30 / month, and use this to host a website and other server functionality.
For my home address, I had to pay an extra $10 / month for static IP address (which does a lot of other good things), and *could* run it from here as well.
If you are already hosting your own website, webpage, then the added cost is *very* marginal, like $10 to 20 / month. My servers run on SSD, so I pay a bit more.
@_date: 2017-06-12 13:47:30
Teaching of Bitcoin is like giving people a loaded gun. It can be dangerous or extremely useful, depending upon the knowledge of the person holding the trigger.
@_date: 2018-12-09 21:04:00
What stops this is when new issuance represents an insignificant chuck of prior supply. For Bitcoin, this won't really happen until around 2028, when annual inflation is 81,250 coins per year.
Even if price is $1 Mil / coin, which equates to $81 Bil of annual electricity spend (today it's like $4 Bil), it won't affect price as much because 97% of all coins would have been issued. Today, about 83% of coins are outstanding, and cannot main stability vs 2.6 million coins of minting over the prior 4 years.
* 2020 - 2024 we issue 1.3 Mil coins (that's still a lot)
* 2024 - 2028 - 650k coins (getting manageable)
* 2028 - 2032 - 325k coins (one year's worth today)
Around that time BTC will have price stability.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:20:46
Go off grid. Get a couple tiny homes and slim down. Live and travel with Bitcoin but don't let them bully you by denying luxuries.
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:25:15
Thanks so much! Saving that one :)
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:55:37
Ok, this:
Paper Wallets
Export your bitcoins to private physical storage.
 Print A Paper Wallet  Import A Paper Wallet
- Seems to work, from coinbase.
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:43:27
:) Already did, sorry mate.
Good luck though!
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:47:05
what about the 'wallets'?
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:42:09
I clicked the link, got to:
Several tools exist for producing paper wallets, including BitAddress.org, BitcoinPaperWallet.com, vanitygen, Safe Paper Wallet, and Bitcoin Address Utility.
Care must be taken to securely generate paper wallets since an attacker can steal the present and future balance of a paper wallet if the private key is exposed, transmitted, or generated with insufficient entropy.
BitAddress.org and BitcoinPaperWallet.com feature a free client-side paper wallet generator written in JavaScript. The HTML for either of these generators can be downloaded from GitHub and used on an offline computer. Using either of these generators offline (not directly running from their websites) is relatively safe, but extra precautions should be taken when used while being connected to ensure that keys are not compromised by spyware that may be monitoring browser activity.
Blockchain.info offers a tutorial on how to generate a paper wallet with an online component so you can check your balance easily.
Which of these do you recommend? (simple, effective).
What I want to do is:
Buy on Coinbase
Transfer to Paper wallet
Transfer back to Coinbase
Cashing out of Coinbase I presume will be easy enough (I hope) but the act of transferring back and forth is important as it demonstrates true ownership.
The VAST majority of my clients will not be tech savvy. Most of their passwords are things like 'BobsComputer' and such. As their accountant, they will be comfortable with me storing their info, at least until they start to actually use it. I will probably store off site, in a secret location.
So, let's say, I sell them Bitcoin. They give me $100 and I give them this gobbled gook message they have no idea what to do with (234klfjaspofijapshj234p58u2935). I know that I can 'cash' that in if I need to. However, if they transfer it to their wallet, and then back to coinbase, would the message still work, or would it have changed?
The only thing I would trust my clients with is a paper printed copy of their money (preferably with myself holding a backup copy). Beyond that, I'd be asking for complaints a year from now.
Imagine you own $10, you never, or rarely, use the internet. 2 years from now it's worth $500. You call the guy who sold it to you (as you would anything else) and say 'hey, got my receipt? That thing, I think it's worth something, but I seem to have lost it... ' etc etc... I'll be dealing with old people with jobs. Ain't nobody got time for, well you know.
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:27:01
OK! I've figured some things out, and after 2 weeks, I've finally been able to cash in my Reddit Tip! I had been clicking on the 'address' thing, showing my bit coins for forever, then I realized I simply had to message it with my wallet / deposit address to get it to deposit into that account.
Cool! :)
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:42:27
You guys are great! Please keep it coming, especially about the wallets.