@_author: kyfreezz
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:33:09
Thank you, fresheneesz for being one of the few people who seem to be able to approach the weak points of bitcoin with a rational mind.  The longer I spend in cryptoWorld, the less time I spend interacting with non-polarized minds.  Everyone seems to be irrationally for or against Bitcoin.  It reminds me of the current political climate, in which ideology becomes more important than collaboration and innovation.  But then again, maybe I'm just spending too much time on twitter, telegram, and reddit.  
China is a country that makes 100 year plans, why would they use their hold on bitcoin now, when it's only just becoming integrated in the world economy.  They have managed to drastically reduce the impact of bitcoin in the lives of their citizens, while retaining a trump card of controlling the infrastructure of bitcoin mining.  They can keep this trump card in their pocket for the right day.
This must be a consideration of institutional investors and as well as states considering bitcoin as a reserve currency.  If we want to see bitcoin breaking $100k, we must be able to discuss these hurdles freely, and more importantly we must be find the solutions to these problems!
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:59:45
Agree, most people seem to think that complete destruction of bitcoin is the only possibility, when gradual, imperceptible manipulation is the preferred method of state actors.  And if a drastic result is desired, they could destroy confidence, like you said, and wipe a huge amount of value off of the market cap.  Once bitcoin gets into the trillions of $ that can have a huge effect on different market/countries.  
For me, I see this a major reason why institutions and states who don't want to give that power to the Chinese government will drag their feet going into bitcoin.  Crypto is here to stay, and someone will come up with answers to these questions: the state actors are already working on it, to be sure.  Let's hope that the bitcoin devs come up with the answer first!!