@_author: kysrn187
@_date: 2017-09-29 07:09:35
That's interesting.
So why is Venezuela a dictatorship again? Oh...is it because they're a communist country with democratic elections?
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:27:56
So what you're trying to say is that you don't think the reality of VZ has been distorted at all by us corporate-run media, but a socialist media organization that is a combination of numerous central and south american states is completely off the wall and never tells the truth?
Furthermore, you are saying that three separate US union representatives with accountability to hundreds of thousands of union members and the American public are lying in their statements to telesur and other media outlets?
It seems to me you're unwilling to accept that some people perceive reality differently than you do. Not everyone in VZ is unhappy with the state of affairs. Their past voting was completely reliable. Suddenly the opposition gets violent when they lose a vote and start killing people, and now that's socialism's fault? Yeah. Okay.
@_date: 2017-09-29 21:11:02
I like how you just skirt around the fact that US and global media is corporate-owned and funded. They actually have even less reason to report truthfully than a state-owned media would, because their entire livelihoods are dependent on reporting that pleases their advertisers (whereas with state media, if it's *actually* a totalitarian state, they couldn't give a fuck less if the truth pisses anyone off. a totalitarian regime is going to stay in power whether you like it or not, because they don't have an issue using violence.)
You know, typically, in our global economy, shortages represent outside forces not inside ones. You may want to look at why VZ doesn't receive fair trade with other countries, as opposed to blaming your government directly for problems. Maybe it's because capitalist countries historically don't like trading with communist ones? Hmmm....and maybe that's why Cuba had to learn to be self sufficient? Hmmmm...
No fair trade for you: On March 9, 2015, the United States president, Barack Obama, signed and issued a presidential order declaring Venezuela a threat to its national security and ordered sanctions against seven Venezuelan officials. Venezuelan president, Maduro, denounced the sanctions as an attempt to topple his socialist government.
Our actions are what have caused your problems. Your socialist government is not to blame. They did the right thing seizing the GM plant, btw.
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:47:21
That's weird. In the United States we don't even get an option to vote against our government...but no one is complaining about that?
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:45:44
Yeah, and I suppose the three union representatives from the US are less trustworthy than the fucking US propaganda networks, right?
One of them was a nurse for 30 years and now serves her fellow nurses the best way that she can. I'd trust her a lot more than I'd trust a talking head earning $2 million a year to read off of a teleprompter. But I guess to each their own.
@_date: 2017-09-29 13:52:24
Heh, well, I was being a little cheeky. I get kindof annoyed when people parrot CNN talking heads and then act like independent opinions of Venezuela are somehow state propaganda. The people interviewed in that piece I linked are US union reps, not corrupt politicians. I'd trust a 30 year nurse over a communications major with a pretty face who reads off of a teleprompter on the nightly news.
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:07:30
So you're saying the head of one of the largest nurses unions in the country is receiving a kickback from Maduro to provide false information about the state of Venezuela, but a talking head paid for by corporate america which has personal interest in seeing a capitalist Venezuela doesn't have their integrity compromised? OK
Yeah, I'm sorry, but comparing well written and verifiable news sources to Alex Jones pretty much provides me with everything I need to know about you. Carry on the fight for capitalism, bitch. I hope you burn in hell.