@_author: l0wlevel
@_date: 2018-08-06 06:12:57
@_date: 2018-07-03 08:10:30
Or hey here's a brilliant never before done idea, (if you got some hardware to spare) just mine some shit coin that is worthless till it's actually worth something.. You mean to say I can generate HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF COINS with shitty spare equipment?? And you mean to say all it takes is patience for the value to go up and I don't have to waste away behind my desk worrying about the day to day fluctuation of prices with every possible shitty news story?? How did ALL the creators of cryptocurrency never thought about this concept before.... Genius!! -\_-
@_date: 2018-07-03 09:59:50
In layman's terms
The card:No mining itself won't ruin your card BUT just as under normal "gaming" conditions the card needs it cooling. So regular dust cleaning and thermal paste replacement will be sufficient in most situations. Of course depending on how long you will run the card and amount of cards conditions change.. the first point of failure for the card itself could be the cooling fan if the fans starts making weird noises it's bearing might be screwed because of wear.
Bitcoin Mining:  
Trying to mine bitcoin with a videocard or a computer processor (nowadays) is next to useless because the "difficulty" of completing a block has increased so much that the amount of hashing power that is needed far exceeds a diy setup. The algorithm does not work well enough with regular processors in this phase of bitcoin to turn a profit. The cost of electricity versus the resulting hashing power you generate and time to complete a block will not allow you to make a profit not even a breakeven.
Alt coin mining:  
With a lot of alt coins it can still be profitable to mine with low end equipment or diy setups because again; the difficulty of completing a block (boils down to the amount of time it takes to complete a block with your hashingpower) , the algorithm of the coin of choice (which algorithm is the most efficient with your hardware) and block reward (the actual payment for completed block), the price of your electricity, the amount of power your card(s) use during mining are all needed to calculate an estimated profit.
So it totally depends on what your goal is, some mine to expand relatively quickly and grow their setups to start to actually make a dependable profit, some mine to hodl. Do you want to make a monthly profit then expect very low returns with just one card.. do you want to grab a large amount of alt coins with a relatively new coin in the hope that the price will go up someday (hodl) expect no immediate returns or any if the coin crashes for example.
Just google for a mining calculator based on the coin of interest to see if you make a profit but keep your expectations realistic. ;)