@_author: l_one
@_date: 2018-10-16 17:56:23
We do use a lot of electricity, not sure anyone really anticipated that particular side effect.
More than the worlds electric vehicles?  I'd have to see the data and I am rather skeptical of the claim.
Scientific politeness aside, fuck you Amex, progress happens.
@_date: 2016-12-16 13:21:30
This is not surprising - it is very important to be *and stay* aware of, but not surprising.
Access to the front page is something many people, organizations, corporations, advertisers, and even governments want all the time.  Some want it for advertisement value, some to block or distort information they don't want seen or believed, and for tons of other reasons.
So you have lots of individuals and groups out there who either want to gain access or control access from a simplified point of view.  Some of them have money combined with a loose ethical perspective, others have technical skill, still others just have capable manipulative personalities.
What you end up with is a scenario with a kind of evolutionary pressure for whatever works - from the advertisement made to be genuinely funny and enjoyable to watch all the way to abusive vote manipulation and/or outright hacking.  All this vs. the much smaller team who works at Reddit and has administrative and technical access to make changes and fight against the unwanted manipulation, plus a core of volunteer moderators (not all moderators always helping the greater good, but let's say most).
It's an arms race scenario and always will be.  There is no 'fix' to suddenly and forever prevent said manipulation, all you can do is have talented people constantly vigilant to block off ways of manipulating the system as they find them and/or taking steps to reduce the harm they can cause.  And keep doing so forever simply to reduce, *not stop*, the harmful effects they are fighting.
@_date: 2013-07-25 02:24:53
Paypal sees Bitcoin as a scary competitor that they want to keep 'their' market.
Ultimately, these tactics will only turn more opinions against them and loose them customers.