@_author: la_petit
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:01:30
*tip hat
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:19:56
DISREGARD MALES
ACQUIRE CRYPTOCURRENCY
*edited to exclude fiat because a lady doesn't have a desire for that sinking ship
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:20:43
Not true we care the most about personality by far, that takes up most of our pie chart. Then depending on the girl and her level of materialism or interests they either look at aesthetics or financial stability second. Of course there are women who are exceptions to this, but they aren't terribly common. We hate, hate, hate guys who want a "mother" or "maid" instead of a girlfriend. So if the guy has a great personality and treats us like a partner we are happy. Of course anyone male or female enjoys the idea of their partner making at least 45K a year, but that isn't usually a dealbreaker and certainly not something most people ask or think about on the first couple of dates. The amount of wealth isn't as important as having a steady job and adulting.  It is more important the person has a career in general. Financial stability is important for your future, and your partner wanting that isn't out of materialism, but being practical.
 I have turned down a few wealthy guys because their personalities were horrid even though they were conventionally attractive and outright stated they would pay for everything. As if their wealth was enough to sway me to be their girlfriend and overlook the fact that they treated other people horribly. I'd rather pay for my own gilded lobster suit then have to listen to their inane drivel for years. So remember to work on how you treat others including your partners, increase your self awareness and consideration as that has biggest impact on whether you will attract women. Too many guys I know who are wealthy assume their money will make up for a poor character, that isn't the case at all.
@_date: 2018-01-21 00:24:42
The "fresh" example is definitely OP's fault rather than Coinbase, and the title of their post is a gross misrepresentation of the situation. The OP clearly didn't read the fact that Coinbase does not support GBP deposits, but did it anyways, so yeah they have to wait until it's resolved. How is it the fault of Coinbase that the OP can't read? Imagine how much of a hassle and extra work it is for CB to track down OP's money because he is illiterate. 