@_author: lach87
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:23:00
Going off this, look at reasons the underlying blockchain technology behind bitcoin is the actual reason for the hype.
Ethereum is allowing developers to build directly on top of it to fuel potentially revolutionizing decentralized applications. A project like the Request Network ( seeks to be a platform to utilize the blockchain technology as an immutable ledger for a source of auditing for business and banks a like. Think about how much money could be saved for banks / businesses not having to worry about audits, as well as having &lt;0.5% fees on monetary transactions, and that's just one of the potential use cases. 
There are many other such projects like Request which are being developed right now on top of Ethereum which can change how things work, and a lot of projects have pretty big milestones in development being reached in Q1-2 of 2018.
Ethereum is technologically more proficient than bitcoin in a lot of ways, but it wasn't designed as a currency. I'm not saying bitcoin can't have a place in the space / be a store of value, but there are new applications and technologies being made which are far more proficient at what a lot of people hoped bitcoin would become. Bitcoin just has the advantage of being the 'brand' name. The transaction costs and volume are too high. 
Scaling is the ultimate issue, but in due time that will be the issue for all, although there are solutions in the works. 
A lot of people are trying to jump into Bitcoin with its insane gains trying to get into the action for some quick cash. That ship has sailed. 
Instead, get excited about what the blockchain technology is capable of, and what it can be used for.
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:23:22
Thanks for the info, definitely going to use gdax now.
As far as storage, should I keep the coins on gdax if I am looking to trade by the week to have transactions complete faster, or should I just immediately put all my coins on my ledger s?
Not sure if transactions take longer from an address not located on gdax itself or if it doesnt make a difference.
@_date: 2017-11-08 19:10:54
Question, say I have money invested in eth right now, and I want to make some money off of this supposed pump that eth should see if people flock back to alts. When I initiate the transaction to trade my eth for fiat through coinbase, the trade will go through at the current price of whatever the amount of eth/dollar, and not when the transaction actually processes correct?
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:31:25
New as well, but the way I understand it is that the infrastructure behind bitcoin can't scale effectively and there needs to be a split, how that happens is controversial. 
But as for free coins, I just believe you'll get some (if you own btc) once the split actually happens which appears to be in November at some point.
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:40:57
Are you saying that you think people are just going to wait until the fork, get the free bitcoin cash, sell it at its (presumably) high initial price, and then move their money back into their alt coin investments?
Just trying to understand where the '5x gains' is coming from 