@_author: lacunamagala
@_date: 2018-12-29 03:57:28
That point about the necessity for careful reading and rereading and about demographic assumptions is fair. It's too easy to fall down into the rabbit hole of repeatedly reshared and restated opinion without context.
It's definitely nice to find some civility in semi-political discussion nowadays, so I appreciate your approach.
Regarding the demographic info, I'm also going to look for stats, but just purely off of personal experience and my current understanding of his talking points, I would be very surprised if minorities and women enjoyed his work.
@_date: 2018-12-29 02:18:03


I'm glad you think people should be in disagreement because I disagree. 
As far as I can tell, the only thing he's an advocate for is the sustainment of regressive hierarchies that he does not even justify properly.
He tries to justify the 'hierarchy and competition of reality' through the natural life cycle of lobsters and how they set out distinct class-based systems and territories. He says that when the lobster sets out its own territory, serotonin is released in its brain. And yet, he neglects to mention that serotonin works differently in arthropod brains than human and has the opposite effect as he implies. He is suggesting that hierarchy leads to happiness, as when with the lobster which he so highly praises, but in reality if we were to carry through with his analogy, hierarchy leads to stress and aggression.
All of this, of course, is presuming that somehow lobsters' hierarchical structure is a better mapping to humans, than say, the raven's socialized reward-based system.
He points out that much of the difficulties of the modern day have emerged around the time that the most recent, aggressive civil rights movements have started to exert pressure on the white, patriarchal, traditional systems that have existed in the West. 
Of course, he fails to mention that that time period also coincides with the meteoric rise of neoliberalism, which is the quantification, optimization, and marketization of the cybernetic, systems-based world that we live in, which inherently creates inequality and difficulty.
These are just two examples of how, despite clearly being a very intelligent and well-read individual, Peterson's public statements are very useful self-help truisms (clean your room, get your life in order, stand up straight, etc.) that are surrounded by chauvinistic and regressive rationalizations as justification. And his primary audience are white males, who have been pushed off the top of the totem pole, have been guilted all their lives, and are eager to follow someone who seems smart enough to justify their implicit prejudices (that they have picked up through no fault of their own).
Bonus Peterson: [That time he specifically advocated for childhood bullying as a valid and necessary part of society]( (and unlike that time he said he wanted to punt a 2-year old for not having developed a sense of morality yet, this example is not so easily hand-waved as 'satire')