@_author: laeonena
@_date: 2018-08-27 14:46:39
Isn’t that impossible???
@_date: 2018-08-27 14:45:36
I’m finishing high school soon haha
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:53:14
True, got pretty annoyed and just wanted to vent. It isn’t the biggest deal because I’m finishing school in a couple of months so I can go get a job and earn my money. Will be more careful in the future when doing these types of things!
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:51:32
Basically, I ask about where to buy something. A bunch of people message me with different places. One person (probably the operator of the scam) messages me about this and gives me the email, and says they have purchased items from these people. I emailed this address and they claimed to an ‘offsite Amazon reseller’ who operated on ‘consumer reference’. They promised to give me a tracking number once I paid.
Their quote (in bitcoin) was better than the other prices i had seen. I talk to them, give them the address to post it to. They gave me a wallet to send it to, but I left it for a while because I had a bunch of other stuff to do. They kept sending me emails about it with different wallets asking for updates. 
About a week later I send it to the most recent email that I got, but they reply back telling me that apparently it was someone else in their system’s wallet so they froze it, and would send me a money order in my own currency with the package when I resent the funds. I wasn’t that sure on why it was but I was sucked up by whatever they were saying. 
At this point I was pretty skeptical but I didn’t really want to abandon because I wanted that money that I sent previously. They give me another wallet and because I had exams that time I didn’t respond very much. They sent me an email from another address saying that the payment was going to be handled from there.  
About 2 weeks later I sent them another email asking for a confirmation of the wallet because I didn’t want to screw it up again. Then I sent the bitcoin to them and then emailed confirming the purchase (which went through, but didn’t reply to however it was late at night).
The next day (today) I sent them an email asking for a tracking number, the next minute I get an email saying that my email wasn’t processed and got a 550 error ‘mailbox was unavailable’. Sent the other address an email, same error (sent it from the original email I used an another email to check). 
Boom, I concluded I got scammed and lost my money. :(
@_date: 2018-08-27 15:40:54
Not going to fall for that again 