@_author: laeppli
@_date: 2015-06-10 23:19:34
You might have more success in the development section of the bitcointalk.org forum with this kind of questions.
@_date: 2015-06-08 11:51:17




Really? Is this how you see the world, or did you forgot the sarcasm tag? 
(This is a a genuine question, not trying to attack you. Yet. :-) )
Edit: Formatting.
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:56:26
So what did support at Soylent mention as their reason for the change?
As for AmagiMetals, i read they were puchased by another company.
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:47:50
i have not used multibit myself, but is is the what blockchain.info is recommending to restore backups. but multibit has been in the bitcoin-ecosystem for long time now, and they dont seem to be fishing for passwords. you would have infinite guesses there of course. move to a offline machine, if youre super paranoid.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:49:19


Not that i would not recommend blockchain.info as a wallet service, but i would like to clarify / add to what has said: blockchain.info is a company and thus  owned by their owners. Also i'm not sure what means by 'decentralized' in this context.
What differentiates blockchain.info from other web wallet services is that you can backup the privates keys for your bitcoins. So if blockchain.info would go out of business, you could still access your bitcoins from another service. Very nice.
@_date: 2014-08-24 22:50:51
Bitcoin is not anti-state, it's, if anything, state-agnostic, because there is no notion of 'state' in the protocol.
Please allow me to rant:
Bitcoin itself is a technology, it does not come with any political or philosophical or religious worldview attached. It does not matter how your ideals and ideas look like if you send a transaction. Even if Satoshi had designed it with some specific political goals or ideals in mind, the fact that he designed it as a open p2p technology made it impossible for him or any group of likeminded people to claim some exclusive 'worldview behind bitcoin.' They may do so, but they would be fooling themself.
Bitcoin can be used by communists, dictators, libertarians, anarchists, 'those who see government as playing an important role in society', fascists, liberals, police states, conservatives, sheep, and The Man himself. And they all might find some useful feature in bitcoin which might help them reach their political goals.
In my opinion, you are fooling yourself if you think that there is any political agenda tied to bitcoin. Somehow the narrative surrounding bitcoin sometimes seems to suggest that it is a libertarian/anarchist/whatever project, but i think this is also due to some people/communities having louder voices than others esp. here on reddit. Bitcoin may have got some headstart in these communities, but i expect to see increased usage and interest from all political sides in the coming years.
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:32:37
ok have you tried this: 
 
? you could try a few guesses for the second password by hand, if this does not work, you would have to use a script.
also: are you unable to login to your blockchain.info account with your first password?
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:21:51
as long as you keep a copy of the wallet.aes.json during any restoring attempts, you can not "screw up" anymore. But you might be unable to restore your wallet anyway. We need to know more:
just to be sure, you lost your first, as well as your second password for the blockchain.info wallet?
do you have any idea, what the passwords could be? a set of words, or sentences but your not sure anymore in which order, or which characters you replaced by numbers? a maximum length of the passwords? this would help! (don't post this info here, obviously!)
if you have no idea about the passwords, this might be practically impossible to recover.
@_date: 2014-09-09 18:45:27
Could you solve your problem?
If your problem is only that your armory client is not synched to the network, you don't have to wait for anything i think. Like others have said before, you could just import the private key to another wallet like blockchain.info.
Nothing is lost as long as you (and only you) have your private key.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:59:41
Are you sure, you're not confusing the bitcoin blockchain with blockchain.info? Because i would not call them (blockchain.info) decentralized, and i'm pretty sure they're owned by someone / multiple people. While the opposite is true for the bitcoin blockchain. (See also my comment below.)
Blame the blockchain.info guys for their unfortunate branding, I appreciate your helping here anyway.
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:12:28
Thanks for your work! You could also add [(swiss bitcoin sub) in the 'Europe' section.
@_date: 2015-01-24 14:17:55
Hard to say whats the problem on your local computer, but have you checked the adress on a service like blockchain.info ? This will tell you where your bitcoins are.
@_date: 2015-01-24 14:27:24
Also:  just save the site from your browser, and move to a disconnected computer, if you want additional security.
@_date: 2015-08-13 21:13:54
A full node is a computer running software which stores the whole blockchain (full history of transactions), and validates transactions (tx). I receives tx from other nodes, and then checks if they comply with all the rules (e.g. address XYZ cannot spend more than it currently controls). If the tx checks out, the node will relay it to other nodes.
(At least thats what a honest node does, it may do whatever it wants.)
Some rules can also be checked without having the full blockchain stored, that's what the full/non full distinction is about.
A node does not need to mine for beeing a node. Every web wallet provider for example also needs to run a node to know what's going on.
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:49:00
Bitcoin is open source and peer to peer. Can't beat that. This "agreement between one or two big international banks" would be a closed system. I imagine a startup from some "third world" or "developing" country would have to jump trough a lot of hoops to be able to interface with this closed network. Now in the case of bitcoin the startup can start developing and offering their service on the bitcoin blockchain today without asking anyone. And - if you know what your doing - you would not even need to trust this startup from faraway. You can trust the blockchain. 
tl;dr: Open systems enable more innovation from the borders with less friction than closed systems. 
@_date: 2015-04-13 19:00:56
If you don't care about privacy, you don't even need to run your own Bitcoin Core just for confirming that the funds arrived. You could just check the state of your address via a third-party website like biteasy.com or blockchain.info, they let you query blockchain data. 
However to spend your coins you need some kind of wallet. There is a whole range of wallet solutions with different privacy/security/usability tradeoffs. Bitcoin Core is the "be your own bank" solution - which gives you all the freedom of bitcoin, but that comes also with responsibilites - while at the other end of the spectrum would be services like Circle - essentially just another bank from the customer perspetive, but for bitcoin. There are also solutions in between, like Electrum or blockchain.info.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:57:18
Thank you for speaking out and providing actual useful information.
Such heated up, uninformed threads like the one on the front page - not yours :) - just make this sub look silly. While a level-headed discussion about the legal situation of whistleblowers or sanctions of all kind could actually be quite interesting. 
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:30:11
Spend it regularly for goods and services at he places which already accept it.
The old story of "spending drives the price down" is rather short sighted imo. When merchants start posting about their incredible and constant sales boosts from accepting bitcoin, that's when other merchants will readily give in and accept the magic internet money too. And the eggs will start to lay chickens.
@_date: 2015-04-17 20:53:20
Yes, you usually calculate the amount of btc at purchase time. But then buyer and seller agree on this amount of btc, so there should not be any disputes afterwards.
@_date: 2015-04-07 19:48:17
No. I'm with you. It's funny how some people can not see that bitcoin might appeal to a whole range of different people from various backgrounds for a whole range of different reasons.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:25:58
This looks and sounds great. Is there a possibility to import my own seed or private key?
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2015-03-14 16:28:03
In an absolute sense they don't have any power at all. The core devs don't control the network, the miners do. The devs write code. If a developer would introduce some new rules to the bitcoin protocol, he would first need to convince the miners and other node operators to use his new code. And if he tried to sneak in new rules without telling, we the users would notice, because it's an open p2p system. Not just open source, but everything that happens on the blockchain is open for examination for everyone. There are no secret master keys which would allow a core developer to intervene in someone else's bitcoin business.
In a less absolute sense they might have some power, because they're in a good position to convince people to accept changes. People might listen to them simply because they are "core developers". But they cannot do any funny stuff "behind the curtains" without interested people noticing it.
@_date: 2015-03-14 15:38:22
Why should they do anything to protect the BTC/USD rate from falling?
@_date: 2015-03-14 15:07:40
Hey, i have not been on reddit for a month, and just saw that you asked me a question a month ago. I think you deserve an answer, so if you're still interested, here is mine:
Yes, technically you need to read the source code of everything you run, to be sure what happens. Since websites don't get compiled, we have one problem less, you don' have to care about binary files. But you still have to trust the machine (browser, OS, hard drive...) you run your code on. That's why people suggest the offline thing. 
BUT, back to the specific case of using bitaddress.org and your initial question about:


You don't have to trust their algorithm, you don't even need to use it. A bitcoin private key is simply a 256 bit number, often displayed as 64 characters in the range 0-9 or A-F.
That's all there is to it (Almost, for the details see:  All zeros is not allowed, and as a safe rule of thumb: strings starting with more then 30 consecutive 'F' characters are not allowed too.). 
You can generate these 64 characters for yourself however you want^*. bitaddress.org comes into play after that: it helps you to get to the address and public keys from the private key (under "Wallet Details"). As long as this algorithm doesn't leak your private keys (-&gt; offline pc), all evil it could do would be to produce invalid addresses, which you can check easily by test sending and spending with a small amount.
Keep in mind, all this stuff is for people who want to "be their own bank", and are willing to make an effort to do that.
^* You should use some random source for generating the characters tough, humans are not good with randomness. Dice for example are not bad with randomness: there have been a number of posts in this sub about generating keys with dice, if you enjoy this kind of stuff.
EDIT: formatting
@_date: 2015-03-14 15:34:41
The idea is, that you store the different keys in different locations, or give differnet people acces to one key each. So in that case it would be harder for someone to obtain coins without your consent. It can also help you to pass on your savings, if something happens to you.
@_date: 2015-03-14 15:53:16
So you're saying they need the price to stay high, in order for higher adoption of bitcoin, which would help their business? They could directly marketeer for adoption in that case.
I see that bitpay needs to hedge their positions, but that's not the same as protecting the BTC/USD rate from falling.
EDIT: punctuation
@_date: 2015-03-14 13:55:58
You don't have to trust bitaddress.org, all the computations run locally on your machine. 
If you're paranoid, or a lot of money is at stake, you can download the website, transfer it to a completely offline computer, and then generate keys, etc.