@_author: lakersnick
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:05:45
That last point is new to me. So what you're basically looking for is like a Monetary Index of global currencies that you can buy in or sell out from at any point? 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:12:54
I mean, I understand how bitcoin works. I'm a developer who has worked on multiple blockchain-based systems.
I have a hard time seeing it as anything but another database. In fact, from a strictly technical perspective, blockchain is actually a very inefficient way to keep these transactions and there are better alternatives.
I'm trying to understand in people terms how it actually changes money. How has bitcoin changed money for you in your day-to-day life?
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:03:35
That's interesting. How do you think bitcoin changes money?
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:26:27
Ok, so anonymity is a part of it. Being able to pay for goods without giving out information on who I am sounds reasonable. However, I prefer to pay for most goods using a credit card so I can also catch the rewards. As a consumer, I don't really care that the shop owner has to pay Visa a cut, I'm saving my points for my next flight. So I can see using bitcoin for transactions I don't want associated to me, but 90% of my expenses I wouldn't mind giving my info for the rewards. I suppose this all changes when someone creates a rewards program for bitcoin payments lol, if that's even possible. But then we're back to square-one where you're giving your info and the shop owner gives up a cut.
There's also transaction fees on the exchanges to account for, so it's not completely free to exchange.
Volatility is also an issue. For example, any inventory you may have sold from your store last month, unless you charged in a fixed bitcoin price instead of based on market value, you'd have given everything away at a 70% discount. Is that really worth the potential chargebacks or fraud? That stuff usually doesn't account for more than like 3% on the year I don't think... (EDIT: unless you're cashing out your bitcoin after every transaction so you don't lose, which sounds like another accounting hassle).
