@_author: lakeseaside
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:06:00


what is this stupid argument? Why don't you build one then?


so what should happen to people who commit crimes?
@_date: 2018-09-11 17:37:28
you can't buy shit with crypto
@_date: 2018-09-20 19:04:39
it's useless as a currency so how could it?
@_date: 2018-09-22 11:53:31


I do not see the relation. It's a tech platform. So how does that mean they should not have terms of services and ban anyone who violates them? 
@_date: 2018-09-19 11:22:33
yeah run away from an actual argument when you cannot defend your point. A decade later and Bitcoin still isn't a currency. Think about that in your bubble
@_date: 2018-09-26 20:49:06


doesn't it always seem like that for you guys?
ICO can but will never act as currency or company because of the hoarding mentality among its users. It cannot also be a company because it is an unproductive asset. Who are the customers if not the shareholders themselves? They call that a pyramid scheme in real life. 


and there is a reason for that. It is simply hard to finance a business which does not have a good prospect. Restaurants are really not good businesses and if you do not have experience in that sector, you will loan money to a bad business. Did you forget what caused the 2007 crisis? They made it so easy for everyone to be able to loan money to buy houses that many ended up borrowing more than they could repay? Is that the solution to our current financial market? Making it possible for people to get credit more easily? How are you not the very thing you are trying to change? 
If you use crypto to act as an investment bank, what differentiates you from traditional investment banks. They all hire qualified people whose jobs are to assert risks. A minority spoil it for everyone but most bankers are good people with good intentions. 
I just do not see the economic value that cryptos add to the society. We may as well use electricity as a currency. Everyone needs it. And the proof of work from Bitcoin uses so much energy so that a civil attack will be too expensive. From the little I understand, it's not the blockchain that gives Bitcoin its value but the electricity needed for the proof of work
@_date: 2018-09-22 09:32:57
It's a private for-profit organization and he violates their term of service. He is not entitled to say whatever he wants in someone's private platform. He can express his freedom of speech in public like everyone else. Freedom of speech does not mean you can come into someone's house and do whatever you want. He's not being censored. He has his website and everyone who wants to listen to him can go there. They can send him cheques. But once he agreed to the term of service of a PRIVATE company, he has to respect them
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:30:18


why would you say something this stupid? Under what rule is it an either or not scenario?
@_date: 2018-09-22 17:48:00


there is...his website


as much as you closing your window is censorship of noise pollution. 
you guys apply what you describe as censorship on a daily basis. 


let's also free prisoners then because putting them in prison for committing crime is against their individual freedom of being able to walk whereever they want. 
Paypal is a business. They are not a platform where you can do what you want. It's even hypocritical. You can do what you want there but they cannot do what they want. Where is the common sense in that?
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:26:47
he made several videos, not just one. [this is a sample of some out of context cuts.]( "My gut tells me the gov't were involved in this". "...more holes in it than swiss cheese".  If he had doubts, he should have investigated it. 
Then you have "pizzagate"!
claiming that there was a 90% chance that the movie "machete" will cause a race war.
Claims Hillary Clinton has Satanic links to some new world order.
He can keep saying all that on his website. But businesses to not owe him to post his defammations. 90% chances that a movie will cause a race war? 


the parents sued him just this April. That's why it became such a big deal.
@_date: 2018-09-22 14:42:00


according to what rule?
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:43:11
yet you are here...
@_date: 2018-09-22 23:08:51


normal people investigate before making such claims. People died! Can you even imagine what it's like losing your child? And then someone says it's fake just because he is against gun control? And you know as a parent that your child would have been alive if there was more gun control. He is a thug.


yeah they do not. 


if you do not respect the terms of services of a power company, they have the right to cut your lights. Ever tried not paying your bills for an extended period of time? 


he's not been prevented from doing any of that. He just cannot do it in someone's business. They are not a charity. They do not need the bad PR. And he violated their rules. 


did they post defamatory stuff on facebook? That's why. In fact, many pages were shut down. One of them was a page that organized protests against right wing entities. You didn't diversify your data, didn't you?
The issue here is that they respected the rules of facebook. Facebook is not interested in censoring people. They just do not want bad users. Thugs. 


how is the verdict relevant to facebook? If he is found guilty, then he will receive his punishment from the state. Facebook is not here to replace the state. But he violated their terms. That is the offense that thug committed. 


he is not being legally judged by facebook. He violated their term and they kicked him out. Whatever happens in court is between him and the state. 


I mean he is so stupid that one shouldn't underestimate him. Wasn't the content uploaded by Alex from his hard drive to facebook/youtube, genius? And youtube still has the video on their servers. But they are not a legal entity. they are not participating in the trial. I do not need a court order to unfriend someone, do I?
@_date: 2018-09-22 22:42:14
you have no idea what ignorance mean, do you? Ignorance means not knowing. Knowing stupid things is also one of them. Also, you cannot know everything. So you should focus on what adds more value to your life. Alex Jones is at Kim Kardashian level. Maybe you are into it. I respect myself. I will not waste my time watching that thug for more than 1 min. 


you can read books. Hang out with people. It's a reality show meaning a lot is staged. It's not an accurate representation of human behaviour. We are in this NOW generation where people do not have the patience to read books and hang out with different kinds of people. That's why superficial videos like that become interesting. All information is already framed. You even hear people criticizing a movie like "tree of life" for "not having a clear plot", meaning they were not guided through the audiovisual experience. A game being hard is a negative review. 


lies is made up data FYI. That thug lies and is stupid. I mean he believes in a Deity. He is against vaccines. Talks about white genocide. Is that someone who allows diverse data in his life in your opinion?
you phrased that like people are not adding diverse data to their lives. You talk about these things with such vagueness that I wonder if this for you is just an ideological battle. Data is a vague term...just like scientists. When I read "scientists did this" I automatically assume the person has no understanding of the topic. Are they physicists? Biologists or other specialized professions who made that discovery? And that's what I noticed within the short time I watched that thug. He does not really precise where his "data" come from. So you cannot really verify whether it is peer reviewed or not. Whether it even makes sense. Problem solving is about your ability to deconstruct data, not aquire it. I mean the early discriptions of an atom might have had a lot of mistakes but where still somehow making sense years after they were perfected. These are people who did not have much data but still made good assumptions. If you cannot deconstruct the data you have, it is useless to you. And Alex does not understand the data he has. And when he delivers it to you, it is already framed. So no, he is totally useless to me. He's just a thug who according to his own lawyer is only playing a character. 
He was allowed to say horrible shit about the Sandy Hook massacre and thankfully, the parents decided to sue him this year. In April. And that's when all these social platforms, fearing the negative PR, decided to finally kick that thug out of their private platforms. This is no attempt to silence him. Censorship in the West doesn't happen through silencing. It happens through misinformation and double speak. That too is censorship. Censorship is about preventing information from reaching others. They cannot censor you from thinking. So basically, thug Alex with his misinformation was actually conducting censorship. Because he would lie and distort information. He doesn't seek to understand data. If he that was the case, he wouldn't be against vaccines. Are you against vaccines?
@_date: 2018-09-23 06:16:35


that's not the point. Is it censorship or not. Do not bring strw man fallacies here. That's bad PR which can have no consequences in the short term but long ones in the long term. Look at Tumblr. It has a reputation due to the kind of person who posts there. That thug is posting there because he wants to make more money. He criticizes liberal mainstream platforms but doesn't mind using them when it suits him. Why should they take the risk of losing money in the long-term for a thug? 


what's the criticism? That a for-profit platform leans towards the target population that brings most of its revenue? You are such a snowflake. No one owes you or Alex anything in this world. It's a tough world. They are not a publisher because what is being published is done by third parties. Call them a hypocrite. That's your opinion. But you cannot satisfy everyone so one should really just care about growing their business.
And if I repeat myself, it's because I stay on point while you go over the place looking for a straw man you can win. If you are not happy with facebook, build your own platform instead of acting like a gold digging leach who wants things they do not deserve
@_date: 2018-09-23 00:16:53


that's irrelevant to that thug's case. What you are describing is deconstructing data. That's what I wrote in the last comment.


so lying is a social construct in your opinion? I do not agree. I totally disagree.


I do not entertain guessing what someone is saying. This is not the bible(which is fake news by the way). You can read a thousand different motivations if you do it that way.


another claim you made out of nothing. This is becoming a pattern from you. There are several motivations for murder. Considering someone to be useless is down the list. You need to care about someone in some way to want to hurt them. But this is another pattern of yours. You have already given up on making the argument that this is censorship. Now you are looking at making judgements on me as a person. How likely I am to kill someone. How I am afraid of different perspectives. You have to be honest with yourself and ask yourself why you are taking this route


ban or not, I will not watch him. What's there to be scared of?Like I said, this for you is an ideological battle. You are only interested in your side to win. What exactly is there to be afraid of? Him being against vaccines? Are YOU against vaccines?
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:36:48
the same way you handle cash pocket money. It's not like they will have access to the family banking account without any restriction. Phones are allegedly(I'm no expert on the topic) more secured than bank cards. I think the majority of cashless transactions in the US are done by phone. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:04:34


you guys are implying that by claiming that this is censorship. Like this thug did nothing to deserve the ban. 


no we don't. That's why we fight for secular soceities and science-based education. We cannot just let thugs commit defammation and act like they should be supported by the financial system. This is only about money for that thug. He has his website and his radio where he can express himself. Infact, he is just uploading his podcast on facebook and youtube. I do not think he even livestreams on youtube but I have better things to do than to analyse a thug's actions on his channel. 


no we do not. Do not be lazy. Enter his url in your browser if you want to listen to that thug. Youtube doesn't owe it to you to be able to access your cat videos and his defammatory videos on the same platform. Even Libraries do not put everything in one building. So why would a private entity have to do that? You do not need it. You want it. 


yeah but we do not need them to share that ignorance with us. Alex is a liability to soceity. A thug. Companies do not have to care that you want them to have this thug on their platform. 


practical cases from your life? How are you being censored right now, assuming you live in the West. 
Water is a public utility but you still pay for it, don't you? 
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:07:43


I thought this was about censorship. Now we are talking about whether people care about him?


because it's your home or business and not a public space.


then just avoid his videos and podcasts
@_date: 2018-09-18 14:32:44
Jamie Dimon may be a crook but he understands how the economy and currency works. When did we start to judge the quality of an argument by the reputation people who said them. By the way, I have no idea he said it and you have actually failed to provide any source that he ever did. But if he did say that, why are you so afraid of having a neutral argument on the topic? 
You made an ad hominem argument. It just says a lot about who you are rather than who I am
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:21:44


what's the point of that statement? Doesn't he have a bank acount to which they can wire money? Is he that dumb?


there are plenty of alternatives to paypal. You are just not aware of them. 


EXACTLY! And facebook, paypal, etc are not preventing him from expressing himself. If people who use facebook want to watch him, they can go to his website. But they cannot bring the noisy band into the building.


I guess the crimes committed were less of a burden. And you are saying that the idea is bad but you are actually criticizing the execution. You have trouble compartmentalising things. The idea of putting people in prison is because they have a negative impact on society. A lot of bad execution is involved but it's better than letting them free. It's like how democracy is not great but it's the best solution we got.


have you ever ignored someone?
@_date: 2018-09-22 15:38:00


then why are you talking about free speech on the internet if you do not believe it is a public utility? 
The internet is a global system and no one can claim its ownership. Just like telephone lines are not owned by anyone and also considered public utility. 
But what is the internet? Your reply suggest you think it is just the network. But the interent is mostly the information. And without the information, all that structure is useless. And society owns its privacy and information. That is why the internet is a public utility. If you build your website, can a datacenter claim to own it because you store it on their server?


But Facebook and Paypal have clear owners. They decide what they do with their software because they own it. You either abide or find alternatives. 
Bitcoin already has rules. It doesn't ban anyone as far as I know but it has its way of limiting the way people exchange Bitcoins and those rules are voted democratically. Bitcoin therefore belongs to all its owners and are different from Paypal with a board of director who can make decisions for all the shareholders. Bitcoin now having a term of service is also why it will fail. Do even 1% of the transactions involve using Bitcoin as a currency? Everyone is busy hoarding it and expecting to sell for Fiat money at some point. But the debate is not about Bitcoin
The debate is that your free speech is not attacked because you have been prevented from using the services of a private entity after you violated the rules by acting like a thug
@_date: 2018-09-17 18:25:51


I always find this argument ridiculous. I have watched it. but every time you criticize bitcoin, you get bombarded by videos of what bitcoin is. Like knowing what it is somehow clarifies it shortcomings as a currency. Is Bitcoin supposed to be a currency or not? If yes, then you should be talking about it as a currency rather than talking about the technology behind it. Like what is the point of it? Maybe you guys should use your own advice and learn more about currency rather than about the banks. There is a reason banks exists. Yeah some bankers fucked the economy but the majority of bankers are just normal people like you who worked hard to get their qualifications and abide by the law. 


There's tens of thousands of bankers. And it's a big ecosystem backed by governments and the goal of analysing risks and investment opportunities.
The first big problem with Bitcoin and other cryptos is that they cannot act as lendors like banks because they do not have the organisations that analyse risks and do market research. Or do you want to replace Fiat banksby crypto banks and have exactly the same system only backed by a money whose value it is hard to stabilize. The price inelasticity of Bitcoin makes it unsuitable for lending. Who wants to borrow money they know will be more expensive when paying back? How do you as Bitcoin owner determine to whom you want to lend your money?


that's totally irrelevant to whether it makes it a suitable currency. To stimulate growth, you have to manipulate your currency. You need the ability to create money out of nothing to finance projects that have not yet received any cash from consumers. Debt is the most vital aspect of every economy.  And you can cheat Bitcoin by ways of a civil attack. 


so what? How does that make it a better currency? If nobody is using it to buy anything. I know some are, but the vast majority are hoarders. 


you didn't get the point. You are still talking about technology when I am talking about the economics of cryptos. Crypto is the future, but it will be government backed. And you can talk about the technology all day long. By the way, Bitcoin is not even the best crypto out there. It uses too much energy. It's just a middle-man. The actual currency behind Bitcoin is electricity. Bitcoin is a non-productive asset that's being treated like digital gold. And until you guys do not stop looking at the current financial economy as the bad guys, it will remain a speculative asset. Most people do not care about decentralization. Actually, the uncertainty of it discourages people from using it as their main currency. There's a reason why many people who are in the current financial system are wary of it. Even though it makes money. And you may think it is because they want to keep the status quo. But if you continue ignoring the criticism just because of who is saying them, then it's your loss. Even if someone has motivations to not want you to succeed, you still have to check whether you can contradict their arguments. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:00:30


so what? By the way, it's false. I doubt many who used paypal were using it for the first time. Banning Alex Jones will not stop them from using it. It's an essential payment methode for most online purchases on ebay or other websites. 
The decision is first of all to make everyone RESPECT their terms of services. Secondly, letting Alex Jones act like he is above their terms of service is bad PR. From my perspective, banning him will have an insignifican negative effect but it will improve their brand credibility and make them more attractive to customers. 
Alex Jones is free to choose from a multiple of alternative payment platforms out there. But if he wants to use paypal, he has to respect their rules. His value to Paypal is insignificant so they do not need to tolerate the violations he commits. It's a private business, not a public domain. Alex can exercise his free speech publicly without concern. But once he signs an agreement with a PRIVATE platform, he has to respect their rules instead of acting like a thug
@_date: 2018-09-22 09:29:36
how exactly is it censorship to ban someone for violating their term of service? It will be hard for anyone to argue the opposite. Paypal, facebook and Co are NOT public utilities. No one is entitled to have a voice in a for-profit platform. Alex Jones is not banned from expressing his ideologies on his own platform and through public channels. My analogy is this: I do not understand when people had the right to enter other people's house and say whatever they want and expect not to be kicked out. Facebook and Paypal do not have to tolerate his bullshit. Plus he is bad PR for them. He is a liability to these companies and he either respect the house rules or stays in the public domain
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:13:22


there is. Just open a blog and talk. But you consider that if it's not being shoved in the face of people when they browse something else, then it's censorship. 
And if, just for the sake of the argument, there is no public internet and currency, how is it a private company's responsibility to provide that? Can't the public through their voting right impose something like that instead of acting like self-entitled twats who want others to do shit for them?


Fiat was created for that too but it got complicatd. The same is already happening to Bitcoin with all that hoarding.


they do not. You just do not use their service. That's all. They do not owe it to you to provide you those services if you violate their rules. And he did violate them.


how is facebook stopping you from buying a newspaper or following the news. If you are looking at facebook for your news, then you are already a dumbass. Alex's problem here is only financial. The network effect has been limited. But if you want to hear what he has to say, you can always go to his webpage. No one will ever stop you from doing that. But if that thug thinks he can emotionally abuse people who lost their kids in a school murder, then this is a wake up call for him. Defamation is not free speech. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:26:51
the smart thing to do is elaborate on your opinion. You are just seeking attention right now
@_date: 2018-09-23 16:26:51


I just do not like these vague arguments. You know bullshit constitutes as data too, right? And I do not recall dismissing any data. I recall talking about the framing of data, i.e interpretation and conclusion of data. If someone comes and tells you that deity exists because the sun exists. The existence of the sun is a fact. The deita conclusion is bullshit interpretation of that data.
Misinformation is censorship. Censorship is about preventing people from receiving information. Your thinking cannot be censored. It is the sharing of information that can be censored. And you can either prevent the information from reaching others or flood it in lies. Alex Jones's propaganda is censorship. The guy says that vaccines are bad. Do you think that vaccines are bad?
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:33:57
believe it or not but the banking system is decentralized. They all get their money from the central bank just like you get your Bitcoins from the software(as far as I understand). A decentralized system is not free from manipulation. And the most important aspect of a currency is trust. If you cannot trust a currency to remain relatively stable over a long period of time, it is going to be bad for lending. Who wants to borrow money they know will definitely be more expensive to repay over the years? 
But Bitcon's biggest issue is the hoarding a.k.a hodling mentality  among the majority of the users. It's not a currency if it's being traded like a speculative asset. And I find it hard to believe that people will suddenly change their attitudes towards cryptos at some random time in the future and use it like an actual currency
@_date: 2018-09-26 21:03:47


if you get paid for having the browser, who is paying you? 


that's how you see it. Currency manipulation is used to increase the country's purchasing power, make the goods more attractive for export or regulate inflation. This good guy vs bad guy scenario that crypto owners have developed to represent the financial market is irrational. You are not the good guy who is only trying to hide his money from the bad corporate guy. 


how exactly are gov't enforcing monopolies like facebook, google and amazon? Does companies are monopolies because they were so much better than the competition that they took all the customers. Hi5 and myspace were bigger than facebook. Ebay was bigger than amazon. Yahoo was bigger than google. This is not a conspiracy.


and a lot of people lose money. That's exactly the same psychopath-level mentality that you guys criticize bankers for having.


you are talking technology. What economic value do cryptos add to the economy after all that? Only a couple of hundreds of thousands of companies in the WORLD use it. But the market cap has outgrew some big industries already. Do you think that inequality between money invested and the impacet in the real economy is healthy? 


and cryptos are still not a currency. But it's your freedom to think they are.


they outlaw it because it is a scam right now. A non productive, speculative, asset. And gov'ts do not want to see some car mechanic borrow 20k to buy 1 bitcoin and end up being a sucker when everything crashes because of the excessive hoarding. Gov'ts have a responsibility to protect their citizens against pyramid schemes. 
Cryptos are a speculative asset that can bankrupt a lot of people. Of cause I will lock someone in a cage to avoid another market crash. Didn't we all get outraged when no one got put in a cage for causing the 2007 market crash? You have simply not tested your belief thoroughly enough. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 09:39:10
how does free speech entitle you to access to a private platform after you violated their terms of service?
@_date: 2018-09-22 09:43:54
to all those talking about free speech. Do not be hypocrites. Open your doors to everyone.  Do not stop strangers entering your property because they might want to say something and kicking them out will be censorship. Or you friends that do not respect your house rules. Kicking them out is censorship. Because if a private business with terms of services are not allowed to prevent a violator to use their property, you too shouldn't have any right to censor someone in your home. Or at work for that matter. If you are being bullied or harrassed, any action to stop that is censorship.
People here have no understanding of the distinction between public and private domains. They do not even understand what freedom of speech is. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:03:18


they can. Just like them prioritizing some websites over others can be described as censorship in people's crazy definition of free speech here. To the best of my knowledge, Google bans content from Isis and pedophiles. 
Alex has been sprouting nonsense for years but what changed was how he called victims frauds during a mass shooting. That's the catalyst that put him in this mess. Alex Jones is a worse Michael Brown version of free speech. 


wiring money, duh? Is the concept of wiring money a stranger to all of you guys? Plus there are plenty of paypal alternatives. There's klarna(Swedish), skrill, prepaid debit cards, Venmo,Bluesnap, etc. I'm just brainstorming here. Anyone who gambles a bit here will not even ask that question. You not knowing doesn't mean it doesn't exist.


irrational fearmongering is not a valid argument. Censorship in the West is very unlikely. What is more likely is misinformation. And Alex is a big contributor of that. Misinformation is censorship too if you look at it abstractly. If people here use extreme abstractions of freedom of speech, my moderate one on censorship should be okay. 


Bitcoin is no way around it. If the government bans it, local businesses will not use it. It will be like having gold that no one accepts. Yes no one will steal your Bitcoin but it will be useless. Even right now, you cannot purcahse much with Bitcoin as everyone is busy hoarding ak.a hodling. So it will only get worse if it's banned. So if I were you, I will not put my eggs in the Bitcoin basket in the unlikely event of a Doomsday. 


why is it untrue. Give me the respect of explaining yourself. I'm not reading and typing long comments from many here because I enjoy it. So do not be lazy.


said parents who lost their kids to a mass murder were lying and everything was a hoax. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 17:02:02


then you are a dumbass then. Arguments/critical thinking are the basis of science. Are you against vaccines? Yes or No,mister science guy^S 
@_date: 2018-09-26 20:38:20
they still have to change those bitcoins to Fiat money, don't they? So it doesn't matter if it goes through bitcoins first. And yeah, Bitcoin is useful in such small case stuff. But it will never be used on a bigger scale if the gov't doesn't want it. And my main point is that those who own cryptos are mainly hoarders a.k.a hodlers
@_date: 2018-09-27 15:51:56


if you want to make a point, say it. This cowardly vagueness in naming names but saying nothing is useless. I will just ignore it until you make an actual point. You are just fishing for a straw man fallacy by delibrately being vague. 


and how exactly does this "solution" help solve a problem that people with training and experience in the field cannot. I feel like YOU GUYS think Bitcoin and Co will just perform magic.


People were getting morgage they couldn't pay back. That's why those packs failed. Not because they mixed good apples with bad ones. What was the practical cause of the collapse? The inability for people to repay those debts or the mixing of those debts? Like you need to think practically. 


and people thought Standard and Poore's rating were shit. The simplicity of your reasoning is not even funny. So Bitcoin is the equivalent of the internet now? The internet actually had real life applications before it became popular. It was already a productive asset. People didn't hoard the internet. What made it successful was its availability to everyone. You know what was stupid? AOL's internet thing that I still do not understand till today. That's Bitcoin for me. Something that uses a useful concept and tries to keep it to itself when it's value is actually in it being easily assesible. 


You can also just use kickstarter. What exactly is new in cryptos in that regard? It's just the same thing in a different packaging. I am waiting for actual evidence that it can be scaled and still work. Right now, it's just a niche market like art collection or gold hoarding. It really means nothing to the real economy


this is why no one takes you guys seriously. Just the ignorance about how the economy works but this strong belief that the fault is in others not understanding. Bitcoin and Co are not suitable to be used as a currency. And instead of focusing on the technology, you guys should focus on it's economic practicability. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 18:24:02
oh I see. An anti-vaxxer posting as a science friendly woman. How unpredictable^S
PS: If you were a scientist, you would have given an accurate description. Like being a molecular biologist or something like that. But you giving a vague description tells me all I need to know, science guy
@_date: 2018-09-22 14:41:25
Reddit is a private business. Similar to the home you live in. Someone's freedom of speech cannot trump your right to own your property. You have to understand that reddit and Co are NOT public spaces so you only have a privilege to express yourself in that space. No one is stopping you or anyone from expressing yourself in a public space. And no one is going to tolerate to be told to entertain calling murdered victims frauds on a PRIVATE platform they own. Alex is only concerned about his income. He can still say everything he wants on his website. He can tell parents that their kid never died and that their pain is a lie if he wants to. But if he wants to be given the privilege of using PRIVATE platforms(with high storage costs), he has to abide by the terms of services instead of acting like a thug. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 14:42:49


he accused parents of dead children to be lying about the dead of their kids...
@_date: 2018-09-11 22:02:56
that will be true for anything
@_date: 2018-09-22 09:36:46
I see a lot of arguments about free speech. Paypal, Facebook and Co are NOT public domains. Free speech does not apply there. His speech was no censored. His access to the services was refuted because he violated the terms and services. Just like you can have your comments deleted on reddit for not following the rules. 
This is an analogy for simplicity. You are not required by law to allow someone to come into your home or business if they are abusive. You banning them entry is not censorship.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:15:35
too bad they still can't seize the money even if the find out!
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:29:24
the good type of ignorance then. Not every information makes you smarter. IF you watch Kim Kardashian, you will not be ignorant about her life. But how does it not lower your IQ?
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:33:37
how was he silenced?
@_date: 2018-09-26 13:56:52
how exactly does an ICO disrupt and compete when the dominant culture in the crypto community is hoarding what essential should be an alternative currency? The more return you make, the less likely it is to be attractive as a currency. 
Companies actually create products and you can get income through dividends. Many are not profitable and many investors focus on the trend in the stock prices. But there is some logic and principles that can help calibrate your expectations. But with cryptos, and ICOs in particular, you have a non-productive asset which is only attractive due to its speculative properties and hardly used as a currency. Just a lot of hoarders a.k.a hodlers who outprice these currencies from the general population. 
You also have the fact that cryptos are very badly equipped to be used for lending. But that's another topic which I already know from experience is very unpopular on this subreddit. Adopters only like to focus on the technology behind cryptos when they should be focusing on the economics behind it. After all, the goal is to use it as a currency, isn't it? How will that happen if you are hodling?
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:23:32


No, it diverted from that path. 


what liquidity? What stops you from using it as a currency today that will not stop you when all the bitcoins are issued? Those who sold it are busy spending that Fiat money.


didn't I say so. Like what's the point of this statement?


why, people are already using Fiat, aren't they? 






so how do you safeguard against a civil attack? 51% can rewrite the rules, can't they? And the only thing stopping them is that it will cost one company too much energy to achieve that.


the point of green energy is to not rely on fossils anymore. With growing energy demands, how will you supply energy to industries and the crypto market anymore? As crypto electrical demands increase, fossil fuels will continue to be used as you will always need more energy than we can produce. Removing proof of work will endanger decentralized cryptos. That's why centralized cryptos with little energy needs are better. 


no, it drains it. Unless you charge more for electricity as a result which is then bad for households. Bitcoin is a contradiction. There is what it was supposed to be. And there is what it is. Your argument about green energy contradicts itself. Will suppliers favour miners over households? And if people start building green energy to reduce the mining costs(because that is exactly the main reason they even do that), how are you going to protect Bitcoin against a civil attack?
@_date: 2018-08-01 09:47:49


they are better than Bitcoin right now. You are trying to misrepresent my words and it's not helping any of us. If Bitcoin was used for what it was created for, then yes Bitcoin could have been great. But Bitcoin will never be a major currency and replace Banks as people think it will. That's because Bitcoin is inelastic as a currency. The idea that Bitcoin could be used to issue loans is ridiculous. Unfortunately, you need the ability to create money out of nothing to stimulate growth. But that is a very long argument. The Bitcoin system with it's limited supply could never help grow an economy. 
Cryptos could become a currency that could service 1% of all transactions in the future. Countries will very soon start issuing their own cryptos. And that's when everything will become though for cryptos. The rise in the price has happened because many people are starting to realize its price goes up and they want to make a quick buck. But given that cryptos are only pegged to people's demand for it, with no way of maintaining a steady value through fiscal maneuvers, it will be hard for people to use it as a currency. The main example is the one where you wake up and want to buy Bread for lets say 1BTC and by the time you go downstairs, bread cost 0.95BTC. and when you get there, it's 0.50BTC. Why would I as a baker want to lose that much money and never know how much I will make in a month due to this fluctuation. Currencies change in value. But due to the central banks and fiscal policies, the price remains steady and we have a fairly predictable inflation unless there is some major financial crisis in that country. People claim that Bitcoin's price will stabilize but that's not based on any real financial reality. It's wishful thinking at best.


Bitcoin is not good money. It's not even money. It's digital gold or copper. 
And the fact that you need so much energy to generate a proof of work is one of the biggest issues with Bitcoin. I understand it is to prevent a civil attack but then is Bitcoin the currency or is it electricity? Would it be better to just buy electricity and use that as a currency instead? The only thing stopping us from doing that is because the infrastructure is inadequate. But if we could store huge amounts of electricity, then we owning and selling energy privately could be an even better alternative to cryptos. Bitcoin has to at least cost as much as the energy used to "mine" them.
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:46:22
China is a government and it's a misuse of public resources. It's censorship because the internet is a public utility and they are stopping people from using it freely. 
On the other hand, facebook and Paypal are private entities in this public space. Just like a shop and a restaurant. And you cannot go into a restaurant and shout that a mass murder was a hoax and feel like you are being censored because you get kicked out and banned from that private business. You can still say all those things in a public space so your free speech is intact. Don't be a snowflake. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 13:37:43
okay, when is the "erasing" starting? Most people hoard it rather than use it. All advertisement about Bitcoin is about what 1%(a guess) of people are using it for and what 99% are doing with it is not even mentioned except when telling people to HOLD(a.k.a hoard)
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:18:14
Bitcoin is mostly popular because people want to get rich
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:09:26
who wires money for sex? Best way to not have sex and lose moneyand get a receipt that you paid for sex at the same time 
@_date: 2018-08-15 20:22:48
Yet Fiat is still a measure of how good a crypto currency is doing. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:11:09


So what is there about Bitcoin that is not speculation? Like you are trying to talk shit to me for doing the same thing you do?
@_date: 2019-03-05 17:24:00
Completely wrong. All currencies are debts that you owe to the central bank. It's illegal to destroy money. That is because you do not own it. 
Secondly, that is an advantage which people here do not notice. That is the only way you can get low interest rates. 
People talk about replacing banks. And they usually talk about being your own bank and lending money in order to replace traditional banks. The fact is you cannot remove debts. It is vital for growth. Some capital intensive industries like engineering require you to be able to pay high earning engineers and technicians before the product is ever shipped. How do you pay for them in your btc world? Through loans, right? They want to be able to make smart contracts to enable individuals to loan money. But the problem is that you will never come close to the interet rate that banks offer today.
Let's say you cannot create more money just like with btc. And that you loan 10k with a 5% effective interest rate over 5 years. That means that you have to part with 10k over 5 years just to get 500 at the end. Why would you do it? And do not forget the very real possibility that the borrower can default on the debt and you end up losing 10k for a 500 profit. Isn't that crazy?
Now take traditional banking where a bank only need 10% in savings of the money they can borrow. They have the same 10k in the bank. They charge the same 5% effective rate. But now they can lend 100k. Which means a 5k profit. Half of what they have in savings. That is why btc can never replace Fiat. Centralized crypto will replace Fiat but they will be issued by central banks. Wait and see. 
So not only is the debt increasing with time when you borrow in btc, but there is also little reward for the person offering the money.
Due to the financial crisis, people have developed an irrational dislike for the financial market. But what they do not realize is that there are lots of positives in it that we cannot just take out of our loves. What good is it to have your money retain its value if you are jobless? This is a majot discussion that should be had in this commnunity but no one wants to talk about it because no one knows how to solve it. So they shame and abuse anyone who criticizes btc even if it is Warren Buffet. Everyone investing in btc should have a basic understanding of macro-economics and the role of currencies as a financial tool, rather than just an understanding of it as a storage of value. The reason we left the gold standards is because this system was more efficient. Just like democracy, this system is not perfect, but it is the best we have. And the blockchain will make it even better. But the same cannot be said of decentralized cryptos.
@_date: 2019-03-05 19:06:03
Can you be more concrete. Switzerland doesn't have lots of ressources they export. A strong currency makes buying from outside cheaper. For a country that relies on imports, a strong currency is more suitable. And that is another problem with btc. You would not be able to adjust your currency for the needs of your country. It's a one shoe fits all solution that is irrational in essence. 
I am not familiar with how the swiss peg their currency so if you could explain it to me, I could answer the questions you are asking
@_date: 2019-03-05 19:33:59
You are not understanding what I am saying. I made it clear with the 5% effective rate argument that I was talking about those having it that will lend it. Furthermore, I do not see what the difference between it being printed or stored on a digital ledger makes any difference when it comes to lending. Someone is not going to print banknotes on their printer and hand it to you, are they? It's all going to come from the central bank just like all btcs come from the software. 
What I am saying is that you cannot have a financial system with debt. Therefore you cannot have one without lending. How is your boss going to pay you if the product hasn't yet been sold? How are they going to pay the workers building that new office building if the company about to rent it hasn't yet paid any rent because they haven't yet moved in? You cannot possibly imagine a system that works without debt. So if btc takes over the banking system, that problem of lending has to be solved. There is a lot of practical issues that need fixing before people will be willing to use it. Fearmongering about losing your savings cannot be the only argument. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:08:46


I didn't ask whether you can see that happening. How do you see that happening? You say secured loan. How do you know it is secured? Not every btc holder is a risk management expert. Don't you see that you are using terms that are depended on the current banking sector with banks and other companies making this risk analysis? So are you going to set up companies to rate risks for you? How expensive will that be? And haven't we learned from the financial crisis that there will be an incentive to lie about risk? The housing crisis of 2007 hallo!


a bunch of people being promised lambos and you think they will not engage in high risk high reward investments? Don't ever trust people's decisions when it comes to money. 


the classic "I am going to win this economic argument by talking about informatics". If got 1 euro every time someone went that direction when we were talking btc, I would be having these debates all the time in order to be rich. I am more of a system.out.println("hello world!); kind of guy. Dude, just meet me halfway here. Did you not read what I said? It doesn't matter whether it is a banknote or a digital token. That is irrelevant here. We are talking about how much you can actually loan depending on what is in the bank account. Most people cannot lend more than what is in their account. Btc holders are no more special than Leroy Jenkins on that matter. But banks can. It gives them an advantage and helps bring down effective interest rates. Why are you not engaging that part of my argument? Why are you wasting our time talking about the fact that money is printed. So what? It is not the fact that it is printed that bothers you but that you can print more money than what circulates in the economy, isn't it? And I am telling you that there is a rational reason for that which is cheaper money which stimulates economic growth. Student loans will not be possible without that. And if the gov't doesn't invest in education, it would have been harder to keep great lecturers who could earn more in industries. Education is expensive. Even in countries where it is free. And yes, the inflation in the US doesn't seem reasonable and probably isn't. But tht has more to do with individual actions than it has to do with the system. So it doesn't matter if it's btc or jpcoin. People will still try to game the system. 20 years from now, people will be lamenting about the stupid implementation regarding cryptos that today seem great. Disruption only brings new norms that then need to be disrupted again. It's a never ending cycle. All we can do is not try to implement an unpractical currency because of Fearmongering and being fed up to the point that any change is acceptable.


It's not a solution. You think it is but the fact is, you have never tried to look at the benefits outside asking your own self whether you think it is good or not. Everything exists for a reason. We cannot just change things because of populist motivations. This doesn't happen just in politics. This seems to be the Zeitgeist of our generation. Some sort of economic fascism where we want to take everything away from those who had it all and didn't care about those who didn't have it. The problem is that rarely is the solution any better. The change is needed but the new norm will just be as corrupt as the old one. Thinking in practical terms will make it possible to reduce this corruption. Btc is unpractical as a currency. I do not even have any hope that it will ever be a think. Once the central bank issues theirs, they will win because it will be more convenient for the average person than currency that just makes everything more expensive. It's an inflationary currency. Too much inflation is bad. In order for it to work, it has to be practical. You cannot lay all your eggs in the fearmongering basket
@_date: 2019-03-01 11:27:36
If you can forget 1.4k for 22yrs, what are the chances of you not loosing your crypto key over the same period? At least OP can still get the money back if more effort is put into this. I do not understand how you can forget 1.4k if you are not doing very well.
@_date: 2019-03-01 15:55:07
Like the guy above already explained, it was not stolen but put in a system that adds value to the soceity by making it possible for you or your relatives to retrieve money you forgot about. This even brings a bigger problem concerning cryptos which is inheritance. A lot of people are going to not plan the inheritance part correctly and soceity will lose a lot of money forever if btcs become mainstream. Most regulations are there to help people. This community just has this fear mongering attitude towards the establishment that they do not even realize that said establishment arose as a result of fear mongering. If btcs replace banks, that system will just be as unfair as this one.we just can't be certain yet what will be the biggest issues. We just keep redoing the same shit differently. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 17:02:30
when put it that way, it's impossible to have debt period. Either you have money in your bank account or you don't. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 19:10:42
debt is essential to the financial world. It's never happened that an economy was not reliant on debt. Adam Smith was hugely mistaken when he said that trade by barter was mainstream back then. He had no clue. Anthropologist have found out that debt was what economies were based on when currencies didn't exist. I will not exchange 10 fish for 1 fur coat. I will give you 10 coats. And when I need help to build my house, you will help a bit. That is how it actually happened. 
The problem with debt in bitcoin is that it will always be more expensive to repay. Why would anyone want that? 
@_date: 2019-03-03 08:45:22
it makes a subtle difference which this community fail to realize. Btc is valuable today because of it's value in Fiat currency. So on its own, btc has no value. If this dynamic isn't changed, btc might never become mainstream. Most people are not like you. The hoard a.k.a hodl btcs. Which means that it never gets into the currency market. And media of value storage usually first start as currencies before becoming true storage media. It's not a rule, but it's how it usually happen. Gold and silver were used as coins before they started being stored in banks in exchange for paper money for example. There are more than twice the number of macdonald's in the US than stores that accept crypto world wide. Most of them are crypto markets. Prices are not quoted in crypto but in Fiat. 
Decentralized cryptos are not convenient. Even though this community believes that the following is impossible, the cryptos that will establish themselves are centralized ones made by countries or central banks. No one will trust private banks if they do that like Goldman sachs. But they will trust their gov't or the central bank rather than a huge network of nameless miners. The financial institution has always been about trust above all things. They do not give a shit about the technological prowess of decentralized cryptos. Crypto's worth is based on the expectation that they will become currencies some day. That is why so many people are buying them. And the surge in price has mostly been(in my opinion), due to venture capitalist entering that market with purchases in the hundred of millions. And if btc for example fails to become a currency, its value will be lost for the majority of the market's participants. 
@_date: 2019-03-01 13:30:47
You have a point, however irrelevant it is.
@_date: 2019-03-05 21:01:06
that's like your opinion, dude. Personally, I think it is a very unhealthy and uninformed view. But it is one that is predominant in this community. I have no interest in arguing about whether it's cancer or not. MY only interest is how does you solution pass the tests that I just mentioned. The rest is just an ideological debate and I do not like ideological debates because they seldom are useful in practice.
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:14:33
interest rates are lower now than they have ever been. So what's your point? Those increase happened after WWII and there were many crisis inbetween. Emperical evidence is only as good as its interpretation. Why did it go up? Those are questions you should be asking. Secondly, how exactly will btc loans have lower interest rates? Do you have a figure in mind? We can start there and have a concrete argument. 
This chart is just like the one used by climate change deniers who say there was a stop during a certain period so there is really no climate change. That Crowder guy on youtube made the argument but I couldn't bother listening to it.
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:59:12
do not try to set a false frame here. You say I am wrong. then give a vague explanation. 


where did I say that? Did I not already said that I never said such thing in the previous reply? I do not like people who argue like you. Don't put word in my mouth
@_date: 2019-03-05 21:26:26
then you clearly misunderstood it. I clearly explained what I meant before writing that phrase. I talked about lending. How if there is no lending, then the economy will suffer.This is really dishonest of you. Why would you stoop so low? 
Let me just analyze it because it is really upsetting me right now. How does retaining your money 's value while being jobless have anything to do with the strength of a currency? 


this is what you wrote. And now you are quoting the part where I was talking about how being able to lend 10* your savings is good for economic growth. I gave a lengthy example about how you make 5k in interest in the current system for 10k in savings compared to 500 in a btc system. The more I write, the more I am getting frustrated at what you just did. This has nothing to do with what I said. This is not my word. You just quoted one part and then wrote something else. I could take a part of your comment and claim you said you fucked a goat. That's just what you did here. You are not rude, your arrogance just makes you blind. You cannot even read anymore
@_date: 2019-03-05 16:43:48
That means it's now cheaper to repay your debt if it is in dollars. And more expensive to repay your debt if it is in btc.  Just one perspective that many here are never taking into consideration here but which is extremely vital to the financial world.
@_date: 2018-10-31 19:54:33


no it's not. The free market's goal is to best combine capital and labour to maximise utility. 
In your definition of free market, the richest guy is always the fittest. Even if that person was born in money. Meanwhile you have so many billionaires who came from poor backgrounds. They needed capital. Most didn't make it due to making enough profits to not need a loan.
I repeat again, economics is not a place for ideological thinking.


first of all, I do not know how you think loans are given. It's hard to find someone receive a loan from a bank without them providing a rational way to pay it back. Secondly, how exactly will you prove your recipe is good when you do not have the flour to bake it? There is a compromise to be made for the market to be efficient. Also, having a successful small business doesn't mean you could turn it into a successful big business. Every business year is a new one and past glories do not prevent you from failing. 


marketing is in itself an admission of failure. It means your product needs PR to sell itself. So I do not understand how you find value in marketing to the point that you want to avoid waste in it. 


every business at the beginning was selling unproven products. You are the physical form of asking for years of experience for an entry job. Dell became a billionaire by selling unproven products at the beginning. He got a loan that helped him start his Dell company and he grew it so fast. Maybe it's best you give me an example of your perfect example of a free market because I think what you are talking about is just a fairy tale
@_date: 2019-03-01 13:29:03
What good will that do if you have no access to them. If you can forget for 22 years that you have 1.4K in a bank account, how on eath will you avoid losing or having your key stolen from you with no chances of getting your savings back? The most important thing in life is knowing your limitations. Do not solve a problem by creating an even bigger one. If you are not good at tracking your money, btc is not for you
@_date: 2018-10-15 20:58:17


a dynamic record of data which are obviously encrypted and linked to each other. Open distributed ledger is a term I hear a lot.
But then again, dude, how exactly does defining Blockchain relevant to the argument I made? I do not know why it's always guys like you who reply to me with your straw man fallacies. How exactly is your reply relevant to my argument that the technology behind Bitcoin is amazing but as a currency, Bitcoin is really not practical?
Edit: practical is a bad term. Fiat is better as a currency that Bitcoin because of several reasons like it's inelasticity.  But you guys always focus on the technology when promoting it as a currency. It does not have many advantages as a currency
@_date: 2019-03-05 21:15:31


I think hodlers are a cancer to this community. It was supposed to be a currency and they are making it difficult for it to be one. Now their numbers have grown so big that they have started hijacking the goals of this movement. It's no longer about being a mainstream currency but about being some sort of digital gold for speculation. Ironic isn't it? These guys were fed up of the financial system and now act like the very greedy bankers they were criticizing. 


You know you can pay in fiat with credit cards and phones, right? I do not know why the printed money part felt relevant to you.


Crisis have almost always been credit crisis. You are going to have financial crisis with btc too. I do not see how it's different. The fact that we always want more in life is the reason why we have crisis. People here want lambos. Unless you want to live a life were you never have to borrow money, then you can have a crisis-less soceity.


this is the only interesting part imo. How are you going to do that? Dropping cash and paying with your phone is not going to change anything. You still need that loan if you want to buy a house of a car. And your boss still needs that loan in order to invest in the company so that you retain your job. I am curious about how you are going to solve the lending problem because no one in this community has been able to tell me until now.


building schools, roads, infrastructure. What do you call that? 


this movement is the last that can end it. It will only make it worse. Unless you guys drop the arrogant "I do not need to explain you shit" attitude and explain how you will end it. 


Venezuela is communist country. Btc in essence is a very communistic ideology. You are fed up by capitalism. You want something that is favourable to the 99%. You really want to compare the situation in Venezuela with the rest of the world? Like are you serious? Venezuela is a low hanging fruit for an argument. 
@_date: 2018-10-15 21:20:18
the hash between them is encrypted. It wasn't formulated correctly, I agree. But what exactly is your point? You see where your problem is? 
You still haven't answered my question. How is that relevant to the comment  to which you replied? do you even realize you are just making a straw man fallacy right now?  
@_date: 2018-10-16 04:27:22
blockchain has potential no matter what definition you use. You did not explain why you came to your conclusion and just made a claim. That's senseless. 


you are the one who isn't understanding anything here. That question was to give you the opportunity to make some sense out of your claim. Clearly, you didn't get the hint. I'm not here to waste my time on straw man fallacies. Either make and argument or stop seeking attention
@_date: 2018-10-26 20:40:10
are you being dumb on purpose? Do you understand that the technicalities you are mentioning are irrelevant to the definition of cheap? 
You are talking about investigation like it is a bill you pay. Yeezus
@_date: 2019-03-05 19:12:36
If you could explain, it will be great. I cannot read you mind
@_date: 2018-10-29 19:18:00




several factors cause inflation. Your oversimplification of it is not an ideal argument. So you are making the argument that an inflation in the value of a currency will not lead to inflation? If so then how exactly? Due to the scarcity of ressources, an increase in demand through an increase in purchasing power(currency becomes stronger) will drag up the price according to the supply-demand theory. 


never spoke about creating more money. But if you want to enter that topic then fine. Fiat currency have seen a drop in their price due to an increase in their supply from the central banks. Quantitative easing or helicopter money is a term you might now. As a result, the purchasing power of many have dropped. When you calculate someone's worth from the past for example, you have to adjust for inflation because one dollar would buy less today than it did a decade ago. That on its one does NOT create inflation. What creates inflation are low interest rates. If you can borrow money cheaply, you can buy more. and sellers can ask more. Demand and supply theory. That is good for investing because companies can borrow money cheaply. It encourages people to consume more as you too can borrow more money. 
The problem with the crypto community's understanding of currencies(in my opinion of course) is that they think that if you cannot create more currency, then inflation will not be that bad. I disagree there. As price depends on demand and supply and not on how much more money you can create. But you cannot stimulate the economy through financial engineering because of how rigid Bitcoin is regarding its supply. Bitcoin is indirectly pegged by Fiat money and cannot exist on its own. A good example is that the value of cryptos are estimate through their Fiat value rather than how much you can buy with them.


I do not know where you got that info but it's wrong. The central banks try to keep inflation under 2%. They are never tried to encourage inflation. That's the reason why there is all this quantitative easing and tightening in the first place.  
@_date: 2018-10-16 16:05:41
in cryptocurrency, there is the word currency, isn't it genius? 
I'm not a programmer and always thought hashing was encryption because it will seem so to a layman. But what I do not understand is your somewhat perverse obsession with such a trivial thing. And you cannot even articulate how you jump from encryption + blockchain to "therefore no evaluation" can be made. which is just a stupid conclusion in itself. 
And just to point out to you how dishonest you are, why did you ignore the 90% of the definition I gave you which is exactly how Bitcoin works. I never said the blockchain was encryption. And by the way you are clinging to your straw man, it seems you think I said so. This method of recording data and having several independent partners who can compare these several ledgers has a lot of possible applications like for taxation or health care. 
But Bitcoin is inherently flawed as a currency. Even you guys realize it and are coming with the "Lite" version. Look, if you want people to take this seriously, you guys have to stop hiding behind the technicalities when people ask you how Bitcoin can ever become a currency. I may no little about cryptography, but I know now I know a lot more about economics than you do because you keep running around and hiding behind your straw man fallacy when people start talking about economics. Isn't Bitcoin primarily a currency? It seems you do not even realize that.
@_date: 2018-10-31 17:07:34


where did you get this notion? Because your whole argument is based on a false premise. You are describing Darwin's "survival of the fittest", not capitalism. 


do you eat bread before you bake it? food for thought. 
@_date: 2018-10-23 16:56:40
well, the point still holds
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:21:09
why is it an ugly way to think? You cannot impose a moral label on something without explaining. That is not how you do it. 


that is exactly my view on btc. PEople buy it early in the hopes that some sucker will pay for them at a high price, possibly mortgaging their homes in the process. 
Also, I have always assumed that big economies no longer pegged their currencies. Which countries still peg their currency today?
@_date: 2017-01-15 23:49:19
You can still keep all your money in a safe at home.No one will suspect that. You will thereby have more control b/c you still have your cash even if you lose your key.
No one says Bitcoin's initial purpose isn't great. But the system has been taken in hold up by speculative ambitions. Bitcoin is now mostly treated like gold...to be bought and later sold for a profit. It's never going to be used by a hundred million people if that culture persists.
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:40:59
Bitcoin at the moment is not currency. You can buy things with it but I too can trade my laptop for goods at a store that accepts such trades. 
As long as the majority of holders are hoarders a.k.a HODLers, who expect to make money through speculation, it should not be treated as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-10-15 21:34:44
this is so typical. When someone criticizes the economic properties of Bitcoin, you guys always have to come and hide behind the technology. The encryption part is basically useless to the argument I made. I have no idea why you want to focus on your straw man fallacy. Bitcoin uses blockchain. That's a fact. My understanding of what a blockchain is makes no difference. The way transactions are recorded and protected is what makes the technology good. But when you stop hiding behind the technology and want to have an actual debate over how good it is as a currency(as that's the only thing that makes Bitcoin noteworthy to many), then you can reply to me. 


elaborate as in how does my argument about it being not good enough as a currency fall because of the definition of what a blockchain is?
@_date: 2018-10-15 20:40:24
there is. Just use common sense, dude. There is no strict definition of "democracy". But we still all have a general idea of what it means, don't we? I mean, you have to put in some effort to understand the other's point. 
@_date: 2018-10-20 22:42:28
ok...so no is it this actually going to be used as a currency?
@_date: 2018-10-29 12:11:30
There is only one type of inflation. Currency inflation is just a simplistic term alike to saying that cryptography and encryption are the same thing. Why does the value of the currency fluctuate? It always comes down to purchasing power
@_date: 2018-10-26 21:01:10
you are really dumb. So if you do not abuse it, your bill is cheap, right? 
You are one of those guys who would rather be right than find the truth
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:33:49


You failed to explain how that was of any advantage. 
Plus, how do you finance public schools, hospitals and the police? 
But are not having that discussion because it is a dumb one. Usually pushed by people who will not survive one day in that kind of society
@_date: 2019-03-05 19:07:21
isn't that what is happening already with all this funds starting to buy bitcoins which in turn led the price to go up to almost 20k? 
@_date: 2017-08-05 13:07:05
remember guys!
keep it simple!
Don't blow it!
Count your money!
@_date: 2018-10-15 19:21:33
Separating Bitcoin and the blockchain is something most do not do. The blockchain technology has a lot of potential. But Bitcoin as a currency has many problems. It's inelasticity makes it a bad currency. The fact that it's hardly used as a currency makes it a pyramid scheme
@_date: 2018-10-27 13:47:00


I never asked that question
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:10:35
wouldn't read it now but I have an idea how it goes. We don't know shit, you have the right solution. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:43:29
then why did you not answer my question of how the state will fund the police and Co?
By the way, that was your response to the question from the other guy. You did not explain how they will fund the gov't and just mentioned how they didn't have taxes 200 years ago like it has any relevance.
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:33:20
that does not make my point invalid. You are just ignorant about the Foreign exchange market.
Yeah people use it for speculation but that is not the purpose of the Forex. It's there to enable trade between countries. If you are in the US and want to buy a German product on ebay. You can pay it with dollars. But they use Euros in Germany. So what do you think happens? you think they are going to just accept money that is useless to them in Germany? The forex enables international trade. 
Yeah people use it for speculation but at the end of the day, it's still currencies that are being traded. Money that is used to buy products and invest abroad. 
Bitcoin is only technically a currency. But in practice, it is hardly used as one. So it does not get to be treated like Fiat currencies just like collectors stamps are not treated like Fiat currencies.
Finally, if you make money through the forex, you get taxed. Did you know that?
@_date: 2018-10-26 19:51:12


cheap is cheap. There are no special conditions in which that changes. The point of subsidies is to make the products cheap, not the sellers rich
@_date: 2018-10-26 22:57:44
I do not see how that is relevant to the fact that you still pay cheaply for electricity. 
The reason why there are so many Chinese miners is due to the cheap electricity. And mining consumes multiples of X
@_date: 2018-10-28 23:47:43
this is a ridiculously untrue statement as inflation is the sustained increase in the price level of goods and services in an economy over a period of time. A change in the value of a currency relative to others can lead to inflation but the change in value itself is not inflation
Secondly, the very reason why the increase in price in Bitcoin is predictable is why it is bad as a currency. Why would you borrow money you know for sure is going to be more expensive by the time you pay it all back? This rigidity prevents currency manipulation which believe it or not is a necessary evil to instigate growth. 
Central banks try to prevent too much inflation as it leads to people being priced out of many times. You think your Bitcoin will buy you more stuff in the future? Nope! Everything is just going to be more expensive. 
Civilized only means being governed. It does not make you more sophisticated. 
@_date: 2018-10-17 17:33:28
that's your problem. You are just assuming things here. Electric cars are not new but nevertheless, they are becoming very important. And yes, the ability to let several independent partners compare ledgers is something that is of great value today. You being short sighted doesn't change that. 
You could use it in the food industry to have a better view of where food comes from and reduce waste. If there is one data base in which every company in the world has to register their products and no one can manipulate the saved data, then it will revolutionalized a food industry that is now still very opaque
There are companies implementing the blockchain in the energy sector as we speak. You can inform yourself if you really want to
Similarly to the energy sector, it can be used in the healthcare system. It's all about cutting the middlemen, while improving transparency and security
using blockchain to create a single deigital currency through which all sovreign debts will be settled. It will not be decentralized and as a result will be quicker and consume less energy. You can eliminate tax evasions, cash hoarding, and even use negative interest rates to reduce inflation. This one is really infamous among hoarders a.k.a holders and the crypto community in general. But most people do not mind gov'ts having power of their money. That's why when countries will start issuing their own crypotcurrencies, the majority will gladly accept them. 1st generation crypto coins are more a political statement that a sensible currency. And my perception is that you guys are to busy concentrating on the technology than the economics and that's why Bitcoin is destined to fail. Bitcoin or something else might still be around in the future. But it will also be restrained to a minority in the population. 
I know what a blockchain is. I can google. But you want to hide behind the technical argument because you are like most of the crypto enthusiast. You have no clue about economics. And you want to believe in the dream
@_date: 2017-01-15 00:39:32
it would be if it was mostly used as an exchange medium. From what I understand,pple mostly buy it to resell at a profit. Without transactions, it loses its usefulness as an exchange medium 
@_date: 2019-03-05 18:57:58


I am saying that btc will never be a currency because you cannot lend 10x what you have. It's something that came out of neccessity.


you absolutely need it. If not, interest rates will go up. The reason why prices go up is due to inflation. Adjusting the flow of cash is a vital process in controlling interest rates. If btc was to be maintream and you cut down what banks could loan, housing prices would still go up. The price of houses go up because many cities become congested. And cryptos do not solve the problem of income inequality so some people will still own a bunch of inhabited houses.  It will not change the price of education either. You will still have to pay tuition. The problem with having cheaper credit is that more people can borrow. But it will generally be in situations where the person can pay them back. So it doesn't matter if you can lend 10x more or 5x more. If the person can afford the home, they are most likely going to get the loan. The difference is that they will have to pay higher interest rates which will make housing or education even more expensive. 


I have no specific source other than how I understand the problem. The investors podcast ep 185/186 have a debate that hugely influenced my thinking. You can find it on youtbe or spotify. If you double the speed, you can be through in roughly 15 mins per episode
@_date: 2017-01-15 15:10:16
What control? Money is an exchange medium. It is suppose to represent the wealth from the services you provide.On its own,it has no value. Bitcoin could have changed banking but the moment people started stashing Bitcoins to resell at a higher price,it lost it's potential.
Bitcoin was suppose to be used to buy products and services.By the time all the Bitcoins are generated,there wouldn't be enough for consumers who want to make transactions with them.These hedge funds would already have a big chunk of it and will be manipulating its price so much that business will not want to take the risk of using Bitcoins.
I am just warning those who are buying it to be cautious of the inevitable fall in value.
@_date: 2018-10-30 15:36:50
it's inelastic compared to Fiat currencies and so cannot be used as a financial tool to stimulate growth in the economy. Money is merely a substitute to debt. The banknote is basically a debt you have towards the central bank. 
Given that you cannot create more Bitcoins, it will be hard to use it for loans. If you make 1BTC a year and need 0,95BTC to live that year, will you lend that meager saving to someone starting a business? Businesses need loans to pay wages and machinary they need to produce goods they have not yet sold. With the current system, you can create 10 dollars I think from a 1 dollar saving. Businesses can loan that money and pay their bills until they make money to pay back the loan. 
Bitcoin by design is very unfit to be a global or national currency because of those two points.
Money is much more complicated than its definition in a dictionary.
The financial system we have today is as a result of trial and error. It's not perfect but it's got its perks. i.e easy access to capital by businesses. Replacing Fiat with Bitcoin is not just replacing the payment method. It also involves replacing a whole eco-system. And those leading the crypto movement are geniuses in computer science but average in economics.  That's why whenever there is a Bitcoin debate, the holders always use the argument that their "haters" simply do not understand the technology while denying their own ignorance to economic realities
@_date: 2017-01-15 10:58:13
edit;speculative bankers.Becoming a banker requires an education. I will not want that anyone becomes one b/c the lack of expertise will create massive losses to others. 
the goal of Bitcoin was to remove middle men,not replace them.They are becoming the worst kind of bankers that exists,those who hold on to commodities to create an artificial shortage to maximize profit. There is really nothing you should desire from such an evolution. Sometimes,people don't really understand the full extend of what they want and end up regretting it when they get it
@_date: 2017-01-15 15:04:37
Bitcoins are not a product. Unless you make transactions with them,they are useless. Shortage in supplies apply to goods and services. When it reaches the maximum supply,it will therefore reach it's maximum value too b/c it is not a product. 
Also,the supply right now is much smaller than the maximum supply so they will be in surplus relative to today
@_date: 2017-01-15 00:34:30
I don't think Bitcoin will ever be a thing. People just buy them to resell them for a profit...a bit like gold. By the time a lot of the currency is generated,the price will go down. No one will want to buy b/c they can't make a profit and people will not want to use them for transaction b/c of the depreciation. 
Interest in Bitcoin nowadays is motivated by speculation. The users turned exactly into the bankers they wanted to get rid of.
@_date: 2018-10-31 16:47:27


and who will take their place? You with zero experience in risk management? It's baffling how many Bitcoin holders who made money through cryptos now think that they are experts at investing
@_date: 2018-10-31 17:05:09


this is one stupid sentence. Am I thinking in my computer? And I need to step out of the internet to think better?


I will say 99% are speculators. But that's just my humble guess.


I am not religious so I just look at the practicality of cryptos and Bitcoin stands out as something that should never have reached the prominence it has today but it was the genesis and that's why everyone is sticking to it. Not because it is better but simply because it was there first and no one really has a fucking clue how cryptos can become actual currencies so they stick with the Patriarch


only if you never want it to become a currency. You do not get taxed for buying stuff with Fiat money. What's the difference here? Because someone bought it cheaper? How exactly do you then even know who bought what and how much they paid for their Bitcoins? 
It's simply unpractical. Economics is not a place for ideologies


the only tax you pay when buying stuff with Fiat is VAT. I do not know what "anything else" is. And it's fucking complicated given that you said something this ignorant.


it seems like you have given up on it being a currency. It's only value is that it aims to become a currency. If it becomes clear that it will never be a currency, it will lose all it's worth
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:47:29
what exactly is happening?
@_date: 2018-10-29 12:24:24
Ido not really see how Bitcoin solves that monetary problem as its inflation is positiveover the long term. The more purchasing power a country has, the more inflation there is. Different sectors having different inflation rates is irrelevant as it would not be any different with cryptocurrencies. 
Central banks attempt to devalue its currency to reduce inflation. Bitcoin does not attemp to reduce inflation. It s based on the ideology that if your purchasing power increases for the same amount of coins,  everything will be relatively cheaper. That would be true if Bitcoin never became a significant player in the currency world. But if the majority are using Bitcoin and its price keeps increasing, your landlord will just increase your rent for example. The reason why housing is more expensive in high income cities apart from the fact hat it attracts more people is that home seekers can afford to pay higher rent. So landlord rationally try to increase their profits
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:31:07
you win. I do not want to answer it.
@_date: 2017-01-15 20:30:37
only a few people make transactions. You have to point out WHERE I said that wasn't the case.PLEASE point that out.
Instead of telling me to distance myself from people I have no clue who they are,why don't you make a counter argument?  You are just avoiding the point and creating a distraction does not in any way address the point being made.
I think you are the one I sent a link to and directed your attention to the second graph.
You have to explain how the BTC working contradicts me. Not just state it.I am not in your head,I don't see how it contradicts me.You have to actually articulate your arguments instead of expecting me to know how your thought pattern is on the subject.
And FYI,you are the one who came to me here.I didn't reply to you first. You really have a shitty attitude.If you disagree with someone,then it's fine.But you being passive aggressive like we have some sort of personal history together is out of place.
If you want to argue,then do it.If you are just angry,then don't reply to people's post. I am just assuming here but you seem like someone who avoids confrontations in real life.And that is why you try to overcompensate for it online. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 22:58:56
If you are not feeling concerned by the statement, then it shouldn't bother you
@_date: 2017-01-15 10:53:23
it is based on the second graph(
The logic is that as the maximum amount of bitcoins that can be generated is reached,the currency's inflation rate is going to diminish.
The you have the fact that most people only buy Bitcoins to resell for a profit.Only a few buy it for economic transactions.So when the inflation rate reaches such a low level that the profit made from it will take a lifetime to make sense,the majority of bitcoin holders will try to sell off their Bitcoins.Buyer will not be willing to buy b/c there is almost no profit to be made.For those who want to make transactions,the price will be too high and the fear of a rapid deflation will prevent them from buying Bitcoins.Businesses will not be willing to use Bitcoin b/c of the diminishing value as Bitcoin holder will be willing to sell at huge discounts to recoup some of their investment.
@_date: 2018-06-06 16:20:54
man you are so boring
@_date: 2017-01-16 08:49:25
It will only happen if they know you have that much money in your safe. You can still keep a track record of your paychecks and expenses as proof that the money is legitimate.They only seize it if you can't show them how you earned that money.And after the first seizure,they are no longer going to come bother you b/c you already proved that the money was legit.It would only be a waste of time for them b/c you will still be able to prove that is your money.
Also,if you want to remove money from your bitcoin account,you will have to sell those bitcoins to someone first. It's not like Bitcoin is a bank.And just like gold,it's price can go up and down at any time. So if your baker doesn't take in bitcoins,you might have to sell your bitcoins( which were valued at 1000 dollars when you bought them and are now worth 800 dollars). And those transactions are not the fastest.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:37:56
you want it done for sanitory or erotic purposes?
@_date: 2018-06-05 16:18:10
how about you make an actual argument, you lazy dogmatist
@_date: 2018-06-04 22:14:57
I do not think crypto\-currencies are a good thing. The idea that decentralization gives more freedom and fairness is something with which I disagree. The banking system itself is decentralized. Sure they have a central bank but there isn't just one central bank. And central banks are not there to make a profit. You can disagree with the poin that the banking system is decentralized but aren't we seeing manipulations in the crypto\-market already? Aren't there big fishes already? Those who decide where things go in order to make a profit. 
Secondly, Bitcoin and Co are treated like gold. Anyone who believes in HODL doesn't share the vision of the crypto\-system. They are just like bankers trying to make money which they will cash out at some point for some FIAT money.
Thirdly, where will the investment banks be in the crypto\-market. Will your average redditor with his/her passion things that matter to them push them to invest money in industries that are essential for the economy but unknown to the average millenial? You can't just believe that people with no education and experience in finance will make better investments than bankers. Most bankers are okay people like you and me who went to university, study hard and got their degree. And we have already seen in the tech business that it doesn't matter if you are left or right leaning. When money is involved, a lot of people turn into predators. Saint Bill Gates tried to Zuckerberg his business partner. And completely destroyed the web browser industry. 
And bitcoin is not adequate for what people want to do with it. There's better technology and people are sticking with popularity rather than practicability. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 23:17:13
and why?
@_date: 2018-06-27 21:20:09
ironic that it's so important how much value Bitcoin has in Fiat money
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:38:49
That's not actually a thing, is it?
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:41:23
I find it cute that people think Bitcoin is going to be main crypto currency in the future. It will be a myspace imo.
@_date: 2018-06-20 19:28:19
what's the point? Is it the best thing they could have done with their 20k? The fact is that the opportunity cost is still huge.  This is what I do not like about Bitcoin. It's this traders mentality where you get suckers to spend all their money into something that is basically a parallel to gold. The holders are basically becoming the bankers they hated. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 08:48:56
You mean that you wouldn t be a bitch to Chinese miners yourself?
@_date: 2018-06-24 22:48:47
I do not get it. Do you people actually want Bitcoin to become a thing or you just want to make money out of it and cash it out in Fiat money?
@_date: 2019-02-22 19:19:32
It shows a change in the financial institution's stance on cryptos. But they are a for profit bank and no one will trust them. But central banks can do it. It's very likely that countries or central banks would be the first to make cryptos a mainstream currency. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 19:49:23
you guys know spiderman ain't a thing, right?
@_date: 2019-02-28 17:34:46
No, you paid the FIAT equivalent of 2 btcs for it! This sub is one of the most delusional on reddit. Lambo, hodling, etc. These are not the reason why btc was created and are the reason why btc will never become mainstream. Maybe this guy actually found someone who accepted btcs but most people here do not even realize that btc is unofficially pegged by the dollar. 
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:26:10
maybe it has to do with the way you tell them. Having a discussion about the economic practicality of most cryptos, especially bitcoin, is a lose-lose. Unless this community starts talking about the economic shortcomings of decentralized cryptos with energy decouring proof of works, and the hoarding a.k.a hodling mentality in it, it will really be hard to make it attractive to someone who doesn't really mind the gov't and banks having some control over their money. Two problems are that 1)because it always becomes more expensive, why would a business or a home buyer borrow money in crypto if it will always be more expensive to pay it back. 2) what happens when you lose your key? Yeah you can always come up with bullshit ideas like making sure it doesn't get lost but that is an unrealistic expectation. Even people who make sure they do not lose their key still lose other things in their life. Cryptos are not convenient. A hurricane can hit your house and you lose all your documents. So do you store it in the cloud where it can get hacked? Or in a bank that cryptos are supposedly supposed to make extinct? These are just brainstorming ideas. There are tons of problems but this community have an arrogant reaction to any form of criticism. I mean they ridicule Warren Buffet here like he is some idiot who has no economic wisdom. And I've been in a lot of arguments here. Whenever I talk economics, they want to focus on technology. Apparently, technology matters more than economics to a group of individuals who want to create an economic revolution. This community is an echo-chamber. They are more arrogant than soccer fans
@_date: 2019-02-02 12:38:21
but it will not be decentralized
@_date: 2019-02-22 19:57:30
so you guys are paying to feed someone's chicken? 
@_date: 2019-02-03 13:40:01
so btc was good because it made you happy? I've hardly seen anyone prouder of their own narcissim 
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:34:59
The reasoning as I understand it is to promote spending by making you lose money if you save. But what the result has been when central banks did that was that saving instead increased. It's not some grand scheme to make you poorer to the benefit of the rich but rather to stimulate growth as sales is what create jobs, not entrepreneurs. This also highlights the biggest problem with bitcoin. It is inelastic and cannot be used as a tool to boost growth. The IMF plan will ultimately fail imo but at least, you can try to boost economic growth with Fiat. That is impossible with bitcoin which makes it unsuitable as credit. Why would you borrow money in bitcoin to invest in your company when you know for sure that it will always be more expensive to pay back. Not to mention how you cannot match the banks' low interest rates. Will you lend 10000 dollars worth of bitcoin at an effective interest rate of 5% over the course of 5 years? I'm sure you could find better ways of earning 500 dollars over 5 years. This is the reason why money is printed out of thin air. Banks only need 10% of the money they are lending if my recollection is good. So they can make 5000 dollars with the same savings. People who think bitcoin is going to make lending cheaper are delusional as far as I am concerned. They do not understand the role of currencies as a tool in macroeconomics. If they didn't waste their time boasting about how better their understanding of the technology behind the blockchain is, then they could learn some macroeconomics and finally make adequate changes that will make cryptos like btc become practical as a currency. There are too many technical people in this economy and too few people with backgrounds in economics. It's turn the community into an arrogant eco-chamber that tries to shut down any debate on the economic practicality of bitcoin
@_date: 2019-02-27 21:11:38
Is the bear market really over? There is always a similar dip before the big dig every time the market is about to crash. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:57:22
Can someone explain me how he says his system will work? I only saw one video and he mentioned something about being offline.
@_date: 2017-04-25 00:56:05
you don't want a situation where you are paying 17 trillions for a blowjob.
@_date: 2017-04-25 00:52:48
it's like a company saying its patents are valued at 3 million dollars. The next question is usually: "Can you sell them tomorrow at 3 million?". The answer is always mostly "no."
If there really was a surplus, then why take any loans at all? 
@_date: 2017-04-25 13:32:33
you completely missed my point. My point is that they do not have that surplus at the moment. I don't see how you could misinterpret it so badly
@_date: 2017-04-25 14:13:52
there was no surplus. It was rhetorical , dude!
@_date: 2017-04-25 14:39:17
oh boy I get it now. 


which is completely irrelevant here to the point I made. Take your consolation win and don't bother me again with your off topic comments.
@_date: 2018-11-02 19:48:18


you claim you can get insurance. Banks get better deals and yet they still found themselves in a dire situation. Ask yourself, if it is so easy to protect your money through insurance, why are people still having a hard time getting loans? Up to 90% of all startups fail according to startup Genome. That's why you need to be an accredited investor to put seed capital in them. If someone is going to lose money, at least let it be someone who already has enough money. Not someone thinking that this is how they will pay their mortgage or student loans. 


but they cannot get big loans. They are a microfinancing business. That industry has been there for millenia. The banking system evolved from that. In order to loan a lot of capital, the company will need to get the structure and the network of a bank. 
What do you consider low rates? I can get a short term credit with 3,3% interest rate. So is peer to peer cheaper than that? If so, why would you put your money there as a lender when you could invest in an index fund and get 7%? Heck you can even gamble with the money on sports, by combining low odds, low risks bets and have an 80% chance of getting 10%. Your alternative is just not practical. For borrowers and for you. People who go there are those who could not get a credit at a bank. So they are high risk businesses.


so are you saying that you are gambling? I said I do not see its advantage. Meaning it does not convince me that it will ever become more than a microfinancing business. And you hit me with the "anything can happen" argument? I could win the lottery, you know?


standard? So as it's like the basics? You do not have a competitive advantage if your process is standard. Standard means that everyone is doing it. And you are still a small fry business. So how to you emerge then? I am guessing a user gets a better credit rating the more he repays the loans, right? Let's just hope you aren't his lender when he has a bad month. 


because you will be a nuissance. The gov't is trying to protect not just civilians but businesses as well. Having investors puts huge pressure on companies. That's why the gov't wants people who have a certain experience in the field or who are rich enough to not put uneccesarry pressure on the company. If you want to really invest in startups, win your battles first. Be successful in the market. Or you can also hang around networking events. Talk to people starting their businesses and you will find an opportunity to invest in a business. 
Dell got his first loan from a family member. There's nothing stopping you from investing in new businesses. But if your appeal is towards these flashy tech companies with promises of big financial rewards for small early investment, you have to become an accredited investor. You can find someone who became one and ask them how they did it. Just reading the criteria on the websites sounds like too little ressourcefullness on your part and my impression is that you are not ready for such a world if you are not ressourcefull
@_date: 2018-11-17 17:31:41


and this is exactly the reason why we believe it is lost. Never overestimate someone about whose identity you have no clue 
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:26:21


why should I believe that?


but you aren't being paid for your services. I do not want to focus on the technicalities that are insignificant to the big picture. There are of course grey areas. But due to this greedy hodler culture, access to it is harder and more expensive. You are basically taking money out of the economy, having it being freezed for months or years while it isn't investing in producing more assets. And then hope that it will be more expensive so that more money is taken out of the economy for you to exchange it for btcs. Or it losses its value and all those dollars are being lost by you the sucker while the seller is using Fiat to purchase things they need.
@_date: 2018-11-16 21:15:08
so 49% still do not expect Bitcoin to be a currency in 10 years. That's a pretty fair assessment
@_date: 2019-01-13 22:55:09
And I am certain that time will show that btc, not cryptos, will fail. The blockchain will eventual be used in the financial system but it would have a central authority. It will require less energy. And that is because mainstream likes convenience. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 18:12:17
peer to peer lending is done in developing countries. Where people form a club and lend money to each other. It's called microfinance. Lendingclub and mintos are just the digital versiono of that. 
Suggesting this can ever be a substitute for the financial eco-system is a joke.You think people study risk management for fun?


the SEC is protecting idiots from getting scammed. Somehow, people think they are so good at investing and that the SEC is trying to stop them from getting rich. If that happens, however unlikely that is, those rejoicing will get the raping of their lives and lose all their life savings because they think they are they are smarter than traders with PHDs
@_date: 2019-01-23 21:27:28
you have my intention now. you are welcome
@_date: 2019-01-20 21:52:46
tell me something. what frightens you from having an actual debate? Are you guys always going to resort to this tribalistic approach whenever someone isn't on board with you? why would I care whether btc goes down or not?
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:45:10
why would you believe that? what is the advantage of borrowing money in a curreny that you know will always be more expensive to pay back? Also, btc's inelasticity makes it bad as a macroeconomic tool. There is no denying that many of the critics do not really understand how blockchain technology works. Just as there is no denying that many in the crypto community do not understand what the economics of currencies. Both camps are equally ignorant about two important aspects that could make or break decentralized crypto money. Crypto is going to be the currency of the future. But right now, it looks likely to be centralized. Most people do not give a shit about decentralized. Most people have an okay relationship with how the financial market is right now. Poorer nations with economic struggles flock to cryptos because it is indirectly pecked by Fiat currencies. Nobody checks what they can buy with btc. They only check how many dollars or euros they can get for them. Cryptos are the poor man's tool of indirectly buying foreign currencies, notably the dollar
@_date: 2019-01-25 21:22:49
I can't wait til we can use it to pay hookers! small steps...but we are getting there
@_date: 2019-01-20 13:14:21


why would I believe that btc is the new internet? Crypto will definitely be the currency of the future. But not btc. This is the fallacy that this community always easily falls for. Always quoting the internet. I've already had this exact reply 3 times on reddit already. You know that one wheel motocylce? Hydrogen powered cars? Paypal wanting to be the new currency? Yeah but sure, you fail to recognize your own delusion of grandeur. Blockchain based cryptos are going to be a currency. But it's going to be centralized and gov't controlled. That is because most people still trust the gov't and our financial system. This is what I am talking about when mentioning the that we live in a market system with irrational actors. Richard Thaler won the nobel prize for his work in disproving the myth that the market is rational. One of the many things Adam Smith was wrong about. That is why pension funds are still mutual funds even though we all know that index funds are cheaper and averages 7% returns. But do you see them listening to empiricl evidence? 


this is just the biggest flaw of this community. It has such a huge ego. There are smart people who do not believe in btc. And instead of debating their arguments, you guys use ad hominem. this is the problem with the millenial generatioin. When someone disagrees with you, that's because they are simply stupid. And you are so smart. What's your next fallacy, you are going to judge my expertise in economics by how much I know about the blockchain?
@_date: 2019-01-05 17:32:09
[seems like you can only buy bitcoins there](
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:15:09
why would I have that?
@_date: 2019-01-13 14:55:16


well that's the second argument against crypto. It isn't used to create economic value in soceity. The guys before ther hodlers wanted it to become a currency. The third wave adopters are just closeted bankers. 
Whether it's for charity or tipping, the donation only has any worth when its converted to Fiat. People donate paintings and books. But you don't see them trying to buy their coffee with paintings, do you?
Unless crypto can get rid of their parasitic hodlers and create economic value, mainstream will never be interested in it. It's market cap increases but those holding it are not representative of the general population. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:21:32
why should one believe that decentralized cryptos would bring more value to the world? banks are decentralized. They get their money from the central banks just like everyone btc comes from one network. The problem with income inequality is not centralization as the market itself is not centralized. The problem is with some people holding most of the money and it's easier for them to make more money. It doesn't matter if you use crypto or the dollar. If you have to borrow money to put a roof over your head, this will just be the same thing but with extra steps
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:48:09


you are right with this point. BLOCKCHAIN solved that problem. Next!


why did you buy btcs? 


why should I believe that it is money? I'm sure I can trade some of my stuff for other stuff. I don't call stamp collections money. 


why should I believe that it is economically superior? I've never been presented with a solid monatary argument. How will you stimulate growth in the economy without creating wealth out of nothing? If you want to manufacture cars, how do you get funding? From people's savings that they need? I've come to the realization that very little people in this community have ever read anything about the economic importance of debt. 


@_date: 2019-01-13 17:38:40
is btc an exchange medium or a storage medium now? 
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:14:41
are you serious?
@_date: 2019-01-13 18:11:17
typcal. Always running away when actually confronted. You are in denial right now and I have no interest in convincing you of anything. You time is not scarce by the way. Don't fool yourself
@_date: 2019-01-26 11:12:08
I do not agree with that. Who loses when someone discovers a new vacine or making reneables cheaper? The success you are talking about is strictly financial. I can always grab a cheese sandwich if the gazelle gets away
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:26:44
and it's different for crypto? 
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:52:44
no it wasn't. It was a rhetorical question to highlight your blindspot
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:56:40
Why would you think that? Rwanda receives a lot of financial aid since the genocide. Per capita, they are probably the highest in Africa. There is already an efficient financial system there that makes p2pfinance superficial. what? you think they paid for that school with btc? They sold the btc to pay for everything with Fiat. There is nothing impressive about this
@_date: 2019-01-13 19:56:02
why would I believe that? Gold has a historical value. It was used as currency before it was used as a storage medium. Furthermore, currencies have moved away from gold. Btc struggles to be a currency and its value as a storage medium came from the prediction that it will become a mainstream currency some day. Why would I believe in magic?
@_date: 2019-01-20 11:12:43
This also happened within the largest market expansion in history. The market is over-inflated. The assumption made by this community is that the price will rise in the next crash. This is based on the presumption that people will want to buy it even more during the next financial crash. But the reality of a crash is that people try to cut costs instead of saving. People who are laid off will need their savings to feed themselves and their family. Those who are still working will rather have cash savings instead of btcs because you do not know whether you will be like the guy who bought it at 15k-19k last time. 
The market isn't made of rational actors who make decisions based on empirical evidence like Adam Smith suggested. Btc could also be a value trap. around 80% of CFO's interviewed predicted that the crash will happen within the next two years. Cryptos are a momentum trend type of asset. We have the lowest unemployement rate in several countries. People have money to spare. So they want to make gains and btc is a rather simplistic investment as you do not need to research that much. The community will bombard you with positive data like this one all the time. Actual discussion over the economic practicality of decentralized cryptos is hidden or inexistent within the community. And anyone who criticizes it is ridiculed and shamed by the community. I suspect that btc will never become mainstream. And in a rational market, it's value will plumet some years after all the btcs have been mined. But we are in an irrational market so I predict that btc will simply never become a mainstream currency.
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:30:27


why should I believe that? Isn't it the blockchain technology that is doing it and btc can be left out?


FYI, that's the reason it was created for. Secondly, that's the argument people are giving for buying btcs. Why are you buying it then? Do you refer to it as a currency or as something else? 
I'm always baffled at how little thoughts you guys in the btc community put into your arguments.
@_date: 2019-01-25 17:23:16
the btc community behaves exactly like the bankers they hate. They are more interesting in hoarding tokens to "buy their lambos" instead of using it like a currency so that it can become mainstream. The world doesn't need more speculators. 
@_date: 2019-01-20 16:14:14
I'm not interested in winning a contest against you. My argument is that many people will lose money because they are going to be buying it at a high price in the hopes that it will further increase. And that as the community keeps ignoring the hoarding a.k.a hodling culture here, there will be little efforts made in making it practical like addressing the energy intensive proof of work feature. I am for crypto but for a centralized one. Because this community is not ready for a decentralized one. You guys measure the success of btc by how expensive it is. Exactly the type of wall street mentality that pushed people towards btc
@_date: 2019-01-13 22:51:31


why should I believe that? In 2017, Richard Thaler won the nobel prize for his work in disproving the myth that the market is made of rational actors. That is an myth in economics that you have to unlearn! 


why would you believe that? that's also wrong. What costs energy is proof of work, not the blockchain. Basically mining is about who is willing to waste the most computational power. That was so as to prevent a civil attack. But without proof of work, you can have a network that consumes significantly less energy. It affects the price because of incentives as you mention. But blockchain can work regardless of that. It is bitcoin that needs it. You can also centralize the blockchain and no longer need proof of work but that's not the topic I want to discuss right now. I just mention it because I want to show you a practical example of how blockchain does not need tso much energy wasted to work.


I see the pattern. I've had a few debates here so I already know where you are going. I aleady wrote in this thread that the problem with debating with this community is that there are mostly technical people here so the subject always gravitate towards the technical side. So when I get in an argument, I make sure to over-emphasize on economics so we do not get off-topic. You guys want it to be an economic tool afterwards, right? But what happens is that you guys ge insecure because the economic shortcomings of btcs are rarely confronted here. And this insecurity lead you to direct the debate towards the technical aspect of it. Now you are talking about proof of work and databases. How is that relevant to making btc a store of value. Wasting energy is not value creation. It's just increasing the cost of production. it takes more than one dollar to create a dollar bill. That is so to make it cheaper to earn a dollar than to counterfeit one. The shitty database talk is the same as talking about the balance of payment with Fiat money. It is not an argument as to why it can be a currency. All what you are talking about is about security. Of course that is one aspect of making it a good currency. But if the community do make it mainstream by hoarding it instead of demanding to pay with it, then it doesn't matter how secure or orderly it is. Do not fool yourself, the majority do not value decentralization as you do. People living on paycheck to paycheck would rather want something that allows them to pay for bread at the same price during a year rather than not be sure how much the bread will cost until it is there. And because of the need for hodlers to maximize gains, it will always fluctuate as people would tend to speculate on it. You can speculate on Fiat money, but gov'ts and the central banks make adjustments so that the price of milk doesn't change within that one year period. These are the problems that will make people not want to use btc as a currency. There is also that delusional talk that btc price will stabilize but why would one believe that? Even Gold still has major fluctuations. Fiat has to but not as erratic. But the key difference here is about the day to day price of goods. If btc fluctuates to the same level as gold, that would still mean a lot of uncertainty for supermarkets who want to keep a steady btc price for their goods. Add the fact that it has no central bank to regulate inflations, and there is no way btc makes sense for the mainstream. The main attribute of a currency is trust. Trust is the most important thing in economics. And if people cannot even trust hodlers to inject that btc in the market, why would anyone want to use it as a currency. Behare of the culture you create because old habits are hard to get rid of
@_date: 2019-01-14 16:28:34
why would anyone believe that? Fiat has gone done due to quantitative easing and inflation. If the central bank removes money from the economy, it's value goes up. The deutsche mark was devalued and then raised in value later. Where do you even get the notion that it only goes down? Secondly, as I already explained, the fact that Fiat decreases in value is why it is a good currency. Your debt becomes cheaper to repay. But why would you borrow in btcs when you know that it will always be more expensive to repay? 
This is why I believe that btc will never become mainstream. Many of you are financially illiterate. You just pick data and leave the context. That's currency elasticity which is a very important thing for macroeconomical growth. Btc as a nationwide currency for example will only increase wealth inequality, increase poverty and stunt economic growth because it has this tendency of only becoming more expensive. This is just a practical example. How does your employer pay you in btc if the company has not yet sold any product because you guys are still in the conception phase? Will the borrow it from people who need it to feed themselves for that year? 
@_date: 2019-01-13 17:37:52


why should I believe that it is not relevant? You are trying to claim that btc as a currency isn't the majore appeal that gives it any value yet you do not want to tell me why else you would buy it? And the reason you gave is actually the reason why most give. It's also the reason why I say btc will never become a significant currency. You hoard it as a form of digital gold. That's why people bought gold. In case the economy goes down, it's value will dramatically increase. The reason is because both a seen as  secure storage of value. But you reached a contradiction now. You want to have it mobile and portable for what reason? In order to sell it to others for Fiat money because Fiat is more valuable for you? Or to buy stuff with it even though hardly anyone will agree to take btcs as payment. And it will not change in the future because btc will always be scarce as a means of purchasing things. Your problem is that you think that I am againsts cryptos. I am not. I am against this culture that will destroy it before it can ever be useful. 


Why I believe your wild claim that growth was not stimulated through debt. Be careful, I never said Fiat money is what stimulated growth so control yourself! Trade by barter was never mainstream. Adam Smith was shitting words when he made that absurd claim. Debt is the first method of payment. People used to live in small communities and each knew who owed whom. You get fish from the fisherman in exchange for helping him out some other day. If you did not repay you debt, everyone will know and no one will help you. You will die. Consequences are what makes a debt system possible. And it evolved from that to using metals and to holding paper. Fiat money by definition is a debt you owe the central bank. That is thought in every economic course. But btc is full of technicians who only believe in the technology. In fact, their only arguments are about the technical. Never about the economic reality of having to regulate inflation while trying to boost growth. That is why the inelastic nature of Fiat makes it so great for that. btc is inelastic and so very bad for macroeconomics. It doesn't matter how you preserve your money. If the macroeconomics fail, your btcs are worth nothing. 


from whom? individuals with no experience in risk analysis and practical economics? Or let me guess, people will create company to manage all that...like banks?


Why should I believe that? I'm talking about creating money out of thin air debt. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 22:18:20


why would you believe that btc is a storage medium? I mean as defined in economics, a store of value is anything that retains purchasing power into the future. Its a niche currency. It is insignificant in any market. You cannot purchase goods with it(except in the niche market) so it has no purchasing power. You cannot purchase currencies with it. If you want to buy euros, you have to find someone who wants to buy your btcs first. It is Fiat that gives it any purchasing power
@_date: 2019-01-13 18:19:41


You think people went through all that education, excelled, joined the central bank and are using interest rates without purpose? The is a reason why interest rates exist and change. People study that. Bitcoin is limited and therefore will only inflate. It will become more expensive to repay your debt in btcs. That is not practical but people still keep classifying that as an advantage.


those lenders who aren't bankers still exist today and the interest rates they demand is higher than that of banks. Why would anyone want to pay more interest? Also, you cannot find an ordinary lender today who can lend you billion euros. And you will never find one bitcoin holder who will be willing to do so
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:56:46
I do not believe it. I think it will be kind of ironical to do that. Bitcoin was suppose to be a medium of exchange, not an asset like gold or a stock share. I think most in the community have become exactly what they hated about the system. It's now just a bunch of "wealth" hoarders who aim to make money without producing wealth in the real economy. It's just like how the super rich use the low interest rates to engage in rent seeking. Bitcoin will not the revolution you expect. One form of the system will be replaced by the other. If most are not buying stuff with Bitcoin at 1000+, it's not at 100k that they will start doing so.
@_date: 2018-11-03 11:58:47
ironic given that hardly anyone uses Bitcoin as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 19:40:56


so do you think you never have to worry about not being paid back? And what happens when you don'T? You did no risk management. You did not do your due dilligence. And you want this to replace banks? 


nothing is ever binary. And anyone who tells you so is a dumbass.


so you have not being successful enough to become an accredited investor. There are many who like you start trading and the become accreditated. Most start ups fail so it's unwise to let anyone be able to invest in them. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:40:41
I do not think most will buy with Bitcoin even if Amazon accepts it. Just like most human beings, they will want to get richer. The advantage with Fiat money is that the price of bread is the same today as it was yesterday. It fluctuates in the global market but it remains constant within one society where 90% of the common people's transaction are done. I do not believe that Bitcoin holders are inherently different from the bankers they criticize. And OP is definitely the same imo. Bitcoin has good intentions but most of the problems in the world are not caused by bad intentions
@_date: 2018-02-03 11:56:11
because these accredited investors have better access to more other resources like very good lawyers and financial managers to help them better understand the risks. Whether they use those lawyers or not is another question. But those resources might be too expensive to lower income investors. The regulation in put in place to protect less wealthy investors from risk. Remember that these are just for high risk investments. You can always invest in the stock market or in less risky ventures and build your way up to the top. It's unfair to some people, but it's better for most people. Money is tied to debt. Every euro you own is a euro someone else owes. So there is no way allowing so many people access to higher risk investments is not going to see a lot of people lose a lot of money. 
Personally, I think it will reduce the quality of the market because start ups for example need as much expertise as they need money. But if they can get the same amount from 10k investors who will have less power, they will choose it because we all like the easier route. Then they will have worse guidance or no one to guide them and the start up is more likely to fail.(90% of start ups fail already). That means the market will be concentrated among a few monopolies because potential rivals were squeezed out of existence before they even had a fighting chance.
There are risks just like with drinking and driving. Some people can handle driving while drunk but most cannot. Taking a libertarian approach to this will result in a negative sum scenario. There are collateral damages too when a market fail. But at least, you can gradually walk your way to become an accredited investor by making less risky investments in other markets. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 00:07:29


because 1000 people are getting screwed up instead of just one person. It's too easy to scam many people. Just look at what that guy from the wolf of wall street did. He was taking advantage of ill-informed people but it was legal. That's why they want the investors to have a degree of understanding.
@_date: 2018-07-06 23:19:18
He's not a strong man. He 's a man who saw the price of an unproductive asset rise from 800 to 20k in on year and though it would not stop. I hate the HODL culture of Bitcoin and think that is what will destroy this currency.  Bitcoin is basically gold at this point. And most of their holders are keeping it in the hope that one day some sucker will spend all his savings to buy them at a higher price. Congrats guy, you are now qualified to work in the financial system you were criticizing. 
@_date: 2018-07-29 08:00:04
why would they need a non-productive asset(Bitcoin)? 
@_date: 2018-07-30 21:13:50
A truck produces a service. Which is to transport something from one place to the other. Bitcoin is rarely used as a currency. It's like gold. It produces nothing. Even calling it an "investment" is dishonest.
@_date: 2018-07-31 17:55:31


That's basically the only thing that gives cryptos any value and they cannot even achieve that.


why do I need cryptos then if FIAT money will remain my currency? For the speculation?


it's a currency. That's why the central banks are there. So we can trade currencies. But if I had let's say a crypto postal stamp, what is it good to me if I need to find another postal stamp freak to give me the fiat money to get what I want?


I guess you think this is an argument for Bitcoin but it's actually the contrary. The financial system we have make it so that this process is smooth. No need to find third party buyers before we can buy what we want. And the talk is that we are all moving towards a global crypto currency backed by the central banks as opposed to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-30 13:32:25
sounds like beaurocracy to me. Bitcoin itself produces nothing. The way I understand it is that people get paid so that Bitcoin can exist. That's not being a productive asset. That's more like being charged for having Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-11-01 20:24:14


so can banks. But it didn't stop the financial crisis. 


the advantage with banks is that you can borrow at low rates. So I do not see how your peer to peer thing has any advantage.


that sounds like you had a very limited idea of who you were loaning to. The websites does the credit scoring for you Standard and poors style? lol


that's not the same thing. You can start your business if you want to. No one is going to manipulate you into doing that. But people will manipulate you into giving them money for shares of a bad business. That is what the SEC doesn't want to happen. The fact that you cannot see the difference between those two worries me
@_date: 2018-07-31 04:52:47


that's not actually the reality. Right now it is gold because of that hodl attitude. It's not the same as trucks. Trucks are used to perform a service. You do not have people buying trucks and just letting them sit somewhere. 


it actually matters. Reserving value is the main use of bitcoin right now. Not even reserving but speculating that in the future, some blue collar folk will take out all his/her savings and buy the bitcoin from you. 
There is no frozen work. Unless Bitcoin is used as a currency, there's no work that is done period. Hoping that one day people will use it for transactions is what you are doing. 
Let's just stop using analogies please. We are just going to waste out time debating whether the analogy is accurate or not. Grains are a product. Bitcoin is not. Storing grains is not the same as hodling Bitcoins. 


I do not get the point that you are trying to make here. You have excess but you do not need to buy anything. Okay. What stops you from selling the grains? Isn't that the reason you planted in the first place? The money you get will be used to purchase stuff whenever you feel like. Only, if you want to purchase something with Bitcoin. You can't. There's just too few stores that accept that. And even if everyone did accept Bitcoin, Hodlers are too busy hodling on this speculative non-productive asset. It's like buying stamps that are no longer used. You can find people willing to give you Fiat money for them. Bitcoin is only different in that it has a larger group of people willing to give you Fiat money for them. 


it's a bubble. You are not creating wealth with Bitcoin in a way that adds something to society. Unless cryptos become currencies in PRACTICE, it's just a bubble. It produces nothing. It sucks energy. 


yeah, but we haven't reached that stage yet, have we? What's the point of moving money around if you end up buying nothing? 
People close to me are hyper into cryptos. And the investor's podcast I listen to are against. I have heard both sides. But Bitcoin cannot be a currency for the very reason why it was created. It is not elastic. The price is constantly increasing. You cannot make loans with such a currency. Who will borrow money that he knows for sure will be more expensive by the time he has repaid it? That's why Bitcoin will never replace the financial institutions. 


if Bitcoin was used the way you describe it. Then sure it is a wonderful thing. But that's not the case. And people are just pouring their savings into it thinking that one day they will make a lot of profits and so they do not sell it. But when all the bitcoins will be issued and people realize that they can't buy anything with it because Countries would have already introduced their own Ecoins(reference to Mr.Robot), Bitcoin's value will drastically drop and a lot of people will lose a lot of money. 


valid concern but again, not all arguments are equal. Okay you saved your money but you can't buy anything with it. 
If you have time, listen to "the investor's podcast"(TIP) on spotify and search for bitcoin debate. They articulate it better than me. 
@_date: 2018-07-29 19:41:05
what do you mean by locked up in channels? Also, Bitcoin seems to be the least "liquid" asset out there imo. Too few stores that accept them and it's basically digital gold. Gold is already an unattractive asset due to the opportunity cost of owning it. For me, the only attractive quality of cryptos are their very speculative nature. I might stock up on Bitcoin very soon but it's only to be able to make a profit when the market crashes the next time and use the increase wealth to purchase actual productive assets on the stock market when the prices fall drastically. But I really do not see the value that crypto brings to the economy. You need you currency to be pegged to something with a relatively fixed value. The reason all these problems are happening in the economy imo is because currencies are no longer pegged to real tangible assets. And Cryptos are just gonig to take that problem to a higher unforseen level. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:24:10


it's definitely because of the nicotine
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:18:12
Remember guys!
1) Don't blow it!
2) Keep it simple!
3) Count your money!
@_date: 2018-12-02 13:39:50
disposition effect at play here This behaviour is very common in investors
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:00:02
blind faith is basically gambling
@_date: 2018-12-23 18:07:38
if you believe in it then buy it. Don't just try to mind trick others into buying it so the price can rise for you