@_author: lakompi
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:04:31
"According to my confidential sources", that's enough proof these days for good journalism?
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:41:31
They could create a tx that spends this output. But that tx can only be confirmed if your tx is also confirmed. Same as when you try to spend the unconfirmed output now.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:48:45
he doesn't give a shit about the deficit, and is probably way too dense to think up any such plan.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:39:02
For starters, you might want to read in this wiki:
Or some material on bitcoin.org, like this FAQ:
There are also good youtube videos out there explaining how bitcoin works. I'd suggest watching some talks by Andreas M. Antonopoulos, he's very pleasant to listen to and good at explaining things IMHO.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:09:06
even though I don't see why thats a gay-only thing, luckily, bitcoin is not exclusively heterosexual! for those of us who like to use bitcoin and still get off on trading pictures of men, there is this:
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:04:10
I'll re-post my reply in the original thread in that other sub:


Some more info on how blockstream handles patents:
Here is their pledge to hand out DPL licences to anyone:
This pledge says, you can use all their parents unter the [Defensive Patent Licence (DPL)]( which basically says, everybody can use them, but if you do, you cannot use your own patents to go after blockstream for using yours. It's basically to patents what CopyLeft is to Copyright: Everybody can use the patents, as long as they themselves don't monopolize thier patented techniques.
If I understand the DPL right, then blockstream acts as a shield aggainst monopolizing bitcoin tech via patents: You can use their patents under the DPL, only if you also release your patents to any code you produce under the DPL. Otherwise they cannot prevent you from doing anything with it.
So blockstream is the patent holder only in the same sence, as a developer owns the copyright to his code, that he released under the GPL: You are the copyright holder, but as you released it to the public under the GPL, you can only prevent anyone from distributing your software, if they violate the GPL.
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:36:48
Well the coins have not moved after that tx it seems:
Could be a deposit adress of an exchange. However, they would probably sweep them into their hot wallet or cold storage eventually. If they did, one might imply from follow up txes, if one can corralate an address with an exchange there. 
But since they are just sitting in that adress, might be that the owner is still HODLing them. Maybe wanted to get a clean split done and have them ready when he wants to sell?! hard to tell
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:30:07
I agree, a contentious hard fork is dangerous, there is no guarantee that the next one will not cause more harm than the BCH one did.
Bending to the wind would be a way to avoid it, perhaps. But it would also set a precedent for how to bully the core devs and the community into making consensus layer changes for unsound reasons. Once that succeeds, it may prevent chaos in the short term, but it may also lay the ground work for more storms to come, now that they know how to do it.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:25:48
Yes, correct, there would be two mempools. Someone could manually copy that tx, or it could otherwise get there: nodes relay new transactions in their mempool to other nodes they are connected with. btc1 will happily connect to BTC nodes as well as B2X nodes and accept anything valid that is relayed. So it would probably happen automatically in most cases.
The only slight mitigation aggainst that so far is a patch that core adds to the next version, that causes core nodes to disconnect from any 2x node. But as long as there is any "bridge" between the two networks that forwards txes from one to the other (which all old nodes will be), tranactions will probably be broadcast in both networks almost always.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:09:04
I don't know what altcoin master nodes are, but yes, you "lock" coins in a time locked multi-sig address when you open a payment channel. So you cannot use those coins on-chain for as long as the payment channel is open. Of course you can transact via LN with them as you wish.
If the other party you opened the payment channel with is cooperative, you can always close the channel immediatly with an on-chain tx. If it is not, you'd have to wait for the time lock to expire, which was agreed upon with the channel open tx.
Some more info can be found here:
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:14:10
Darn, and I was so sure those pesky scientiest with their simulations and analyses where just making it up for their own benefit. Because in the original holy scriptures there was no mention of a lightspeed limit. It was said tough, God never planned for it really, just intruduced it as a quick hack against dust that was floating around too fast. 
Then I guess we'll have to wait for these SegWarp engines and the slipstream network to be developed.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:19:06
I use spectrocoin. At the time I was comparing them, they were the cheapest. Don't know if that is still true, but I guess so.
Also, if you have only a small amount, they allow you to use a "virtual" card (i.e. only the card number, not an actual physical card) without a complicated verification procedure.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:40:46
Yes, looks like it is a lot of work with so many features. Didn't want to rush you. One thing a time, but in case you run out of ideas for new features at one point :o)
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:38:40
Armory was just released with full support as well:
@_date: 2017-08-27 13:46:16
Yes, with "monotize" I mean: reduce the data points to same sized intervals. In the example, I did set it to 3600 secods (=1 hour). So you get accumulated data points for every our.
The coin.dance chart looks like it, yes. Every bar in that volume chart is the sum'ed volume over an equal time interval.
 yes could be that there are chart implementations out there that do that already for you. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:17:00
The consensus rules can only be changed if the new rules are enforced by fully validating nodes (and miners).
Segwit was developed over a year ago. To provide a smooth upgrade path, a signalling mechanism was used that would activate segwit only if &gt;95% of miners signal readiness, i.e. that they have upgraded their software (and are willing to). 
Because the miners did not do that for a long time, it wasn't activated for so long. (in my opinion they abused that deployment model, because they used it to try to force other changes on the network (see segwit2x), rather than signalling their readiness or position on segwit).
Anyhow, yes, the protocol *can* be modified, but only if there is consensus to do so. If say bitcoin core would willy nilly change a rule in their client, and people don't want that change, core can do nothing to force people to use the new version of the client, or prevent them from using a patched version without the change.
If people on the other hand start running clients with different rules, a chainsplit or hardfork could happen, because the chain would split into two different chains. That is effectively what happend with BCH. They wanted to change a rule (max blocksize 1MB), other's didn't, and now we have two competing chains that are incompatible with each other.
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:53:37
Well, nodes may drop the transaction from their mempool after some time. I think the default setting for bitcoin core is to drop unconfirmed txes after 2 weeks. But that is a configuration option every node operator can set as they like. Also, this does not guarantee that someone else rebroadcasts the transaction. So its very likely that the tx goes away after 2 weeks, but there is not guarantee it is really gone.
But for your case it is more important how coinbase handles that case. It could be, that their wallet software just re-broadcasts the tx indefinatly, until it is included. Or creates new one with higher fees (that would be resaonable, but I doubt it). Or they indeed cancel it and credit the coins to your account. Or they just don't care for their customers and do nothing.
That is totally up to coinbase and hard to say from the outside. I would hope that they at least have support people checking what's going on if txes do not confirm. But judging by posts of users here, they either don't care or are overwhelmed with support requests that they can't keep up.
The best thing to do is keep trying to contact their support. And doing it publicy (via twitter or similar) may encourage them more to react, as it is bad publicity.
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:57:06
1. when wallets are updated to use the new segwit tx format, fees will go down and confirmations faster, since then the new blockspace will actually be used.
2. yes, segwit is a fully backwards compatible upgrade. One of the reasons why core prefered a softfork and wanted to prevent a hard fork (like segwit2x will be, which is not backwards compatible).
3. soon. Development is in full speed. LN does not need any miner acceptance, it is a system that sits on top of the blockchain, that uses on-chain segwit transactions, but otherwise not something that touches the miners.
@_date: 2017-08-22 21:51:50
I don't think they will leave. Fees will go down, but compared to the block reward from newly generated coins its not that much. Especially now that the profitability to mine BCH is way down again, which has a lot more impact.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:44:33
users are not completely powerless. When a dev puts something in a client, you don't need to run it. Run an old version. Patch it out. If you're not a dev, you can pay someone to write a patch.
The miner signalling approach was probably a mistake. Keep in mind, it was intended as a readiness signalling feature, not a voting mechanism. The idea was, that miners would upgrade their software, and once enough updates are on the net that can enforce new softfork rules, it is safe to update. This mechanism had the flaw that it can be abused – and so it was. Segwit was held hostage by some miners to pressure the community to change the rules to their will.
But that does not mean that we need to continue to deploy soft forks that way. We probably shouldn't.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:24:41
If you follow the advice on bitcoinpaperwallet.com step by step, it should be fairly user-friendly-isch. 
Otherwise, creating a paper wallet with armory is quite easy as well. 
Or using any other wallet that supports deterministic keys from a master key, recoverable by seed words (electrum for example). Just write down the seed words, done.
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:13:12
nice writeup.
For further reading, I'd also suggest this FAQ about segwit:
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:16:03
Maybe you did not get all private keys out. If the key for the address that you sent the coins to was imported in you blockchain wallet, it should show up. 
You could check if the blockchain.info knows about the address you sent the coins to. If not, you'll have to dig for that key a little more in the wallet file.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:59:26
Yes, and it would not stay like that if BCH would actually become the dominant coin. Maybe for a while there would be low fees, but once the 8MB are beeing filled, the fee pressure would rise again. That would of course be a while out, but would just show that they either have to keep cranking up the blocksize, or start adopting off-chain solutions anyway, to keep that low fee characteristic of their chain.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:29:18
That would be nice of them, I'd like that as well. But the consensus rules allow it, and as long as it is profitable for them, there is no reason *for them* not to do it.
But if we get bigger segwit blocks now, and move txes off chain with Lightning soon, I don't think it will be such a big deal any longer.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:02:52
Its a usual argument from BCH folks with the usual half-truths / deliberate misrepresentations.
the patent thing is directed towards Blockstream – which in some of the conspiracy theories over at r/btc, is the central point control of the bitcoin network, and core especially. 
It is correct that blockstream has patents, but they signed this pledge:  and release all their patents under the [DPL]( (defensive patent licence). It basically says, "you are free to use our patants, as long as you don't use your patents to go after us". It is so to speak to patent system, what the GPL or copyleft is to copyright.
For the other parts: Yes it is bad for adoption, when fees are high and txes are slow. But those aren't the only considerations to grow and protect bitcoin: If the network becomes less decentralized, because not everybody can run nodes because of ressource demands, the network becomes volnurable to attacks. Also, if the nodes can barely keep up with the computing power to verify the blocks, one only has to mine specially crafted blocks such that they require a lot more processing power to verify – that gives a an easy way to DDOS nodes from the network. 
Those are some reasons why core wants to scale the blocksize up with caution. Others are of course, that just cranking up the blocksize indefinatly is no solution anyway. Maybe 8MB blocks like BCH has now is fine, but it also only has 8x as much capacity as pre-segwit BTC. You need other solutions if you do not want to end up with TB blocks.
Lighting for example. And it is open source, free for everybody to use and impossible to monopolize. Sure, blockstream could run their own nodes with loads of channels to collect fees – but no one can force you to use their nodes instead of another. Neither are patents (see above)
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:56:58
Maybe something like "market discovered fees", since it is a market where blockspace supply (max blocksize) and demand for blockspace (unconfirmed txes) determine the fee level for block inclusion, ultimately.
@_date: 2017-08-29 17:17:03
you can find historical trading data here:
You can run simluations of your algo on that data and see if you'd have made a profit.
@_date: 2017-08-19 02:14:45
I meant that you only need to open one channel to anyone in the network to do single transactions to single parties. As in, I open a channel once, and can pay anyone in the network, regardless of whether I pay them only once or multiple times. Maybe I misunderstood what you meant by "one-off". Of course, if you only ever want to make 1 single transaction, it is not worth it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:21:20
True, but that only works so long as people are buying those fork-coins and exchanges actually list them. BCH had a head start, because they could sail on the waves of the scaling debate – thus convincing people that there is actually a resonable cause for the split, while in fact there wasn't. 
I do not think this will work for more than BTH and probably segwit2x. After that they'd first have to manufacture a new debate and actually convince exchanges and companies to take their new coin – and those will sooner or later realise what a danger to their wealth those forks represent.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:29:40
check out Armory: 
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:01:40
If you're confident that your PC is not infected with anything, you can just do it on your PC. All you need is a browser.
The boot stick is just recommanded, bacause it ensures there is nothing else on it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:30:44
For some reason they got stuck on the idea, that we must scale by increasing the block size limit. No matter if segwit gives more throughput, or LN scales enormously, they want their block size increase. Period.
Also their view is often coupled with a huge chunk of hate against core (and blockstream), and thus distrust towards anything that people related to core create. (so basically almost everybody who does some research for scaling solutions or other improvement). I think this hate started intially as impatience, because the core devs wanted to first get the ground work done of improving performance, tackling bottlenecks in the code etc. This ultimatly resulted in the hate and wild conspiracy theory nonsense we can read today in r/btc.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:13:26


Exchanges trying to comply with KYC/AML regulations. Some are also overdoing it.
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:25:55
bitfinex has a demo tour mode for their trading interface:
However, it only shows you what is what, and how it looks. You cannot simulate actual trades.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:31:14
"uhh, someone's selling that tasty beer for BTC? where can I get that?"
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:28:42
yes, mostly. 
We had periods where the hash rate went down to about 50%, because miners switched to mining BCH. So the blocks came in on average in 20min intervals instead of 10min.  This lead to an increase in confirmation times (and fees), since almost all the blocks reached the 1MB limit and can only pick up that much txes at a time. It basically halved the throughput for bitcoin for that duration.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:39:38
Yes, any Litecoin in a segwit address. But so far nothing happened. 
I think there was actually a similar "bounty" post a while back in r/litecoin, when segwit got activated in LTC. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:22:31


bitcoin-qt has all the support built in, but it is not exposed via the GUI yet. I'd expect the next release. So far you'd have to use the [addwitnessadress]( command in the debug console to generate an actual segwit adress.
Armory seems to have segwit support. There is a (still greyed out) option for segwit when you select the address type, while creating a new address for receiving. I'm not sure if this will be enabled after a couple of blocks or if this is just a stub for the next release.
Greenaddress.it promised to enable segwit support soon, and use it by default:  I don't have such a wallet, so I cannot confirm whether they're already enabling this.
 


Yes, you can send to and from segwit and non-segwit addresses as you like. they are all compatible.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:11:08
I agree. Giving people the choice is one thing. Even if it is the choice to do stupid things. But this is absolutely wreckless. 
Kinda confirms that they are not only in for it, bacause they are concerned about bitcoins usability (high fees!, long confirms! etc.).
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:54:04
Segwits adds a new type of transaction that can optionally be used. All old types of txes are still supported and valid. So is your paper wallet. You can spend those coins whenever you like before and after segwit activation. Nothing changes for that.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:46:15
well then everybody who don't want to use blockstream stuff, use LN instead of Liquid.
@_date: 2017-08-20 16:02:11
There is no chance that there are hubs that you cannot ignore. You only need one route that does not go trough them, and you can ignore them. So their only needs to be one other "hub" that you can go through – or people start to set up their own payment channels, that ultimatly create a mesh network that can route anything around them.
@_date: 2017-08-25 01:55:35
there is this simple page:
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:27:45
I think for big exchanges et al. might take a little longer, they probably want to be really really sure that they have set up everything correctly before going live. Don't wanna loose those deposits cause of a typo in your code!
But my guess: in the next 1-3 weeks major exchanges will start adding segwit addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:42:02
I think that is true. 
There more hops needed, the higher the fees.  
The more coins you can lock up, the more txes/amounts you can route. 
the more channels you have, the higher the chances the cheapest/shortest route for more people goes through your node.
I guess for a user it is advisable to open direct channels with parties you expect regular transactions with, to minimize the fees you pay.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:48:48
Yes, you're right, that is all true. I don't think we really are in disagreement here, just nitpicky semantics :)
@_date: 2017-08-30 18:54:54
If he doesn't give a fuck, he should have just kept his mouth shut. 
In turn, if he wants people to think he's not Satoshi, then congrats to him, he succeeded with me. Though if so, this whole sharade was quite a pointless exercise, no one believed that in the first place.
Don't know what that has to do with my education though.
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:54:04
Maybe. If the miners that switched to BCH switch back, that would probably cause BCH to go down. Especially as it becomes less usable with higher block times again. In turn, that would strengthen the trust in BTC and that we don't have a miner exodus – which would probably move the price up.
However, if this back and forth goes on and disrupts both chains for long enough, it could as well cause both prices to crash and people switching to other alts.
As always, price predictions are hard, but my bet would be yes, its a good idea to buy BTC and sell BCH (if you have any) before the diff adjustment on BCH takes place.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:35:42
We could have LN today, if it was ready. But it is not. The devs are working on it and I wouldn't rush them too much – you want this stuff to be solid, before you put your money in. There was no concious decision to delay it or anything. Its just complicated tech that you really really want to get right.
As for bigger blocks: we should hurry with upgrading to segwit wallets first, I think. We already have a blocksize increase around the corner. No need to double it twice at once. Let's first see what doubling it once does, and how far it gets us (esp. when LN is ready).
@_date: 2017-08-30 19:07:42
Sry in case I gave that impression. Nothing wrong with posting this! just wanted to give people some context, in case they weren't aware.
Thanks for posting!
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:49:46
AFAIK, as long as the inputs are from segwit addresses, it is a segwit transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:59:29
well, people would still need to update all full nodes, since this would be a hardfork that is not backwards compatible. All old wallets would reject all blocks mined with the new PoW algo. So it'll take a little longer than that...
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:22:45
no, it increases the block size, so the fee pressure will go down, if used widely.
You also get a discount on the witness data (the signatures), they are counted as less impactful than the rest of the tx data.
However, it allows for future improvements which could reduce the tx size (for example Schnorr signatures).
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:54:02
Well, if you'd have a big stash of coins, you could write a very simple bot that tries to stabilize the marked by buying when the price goes down, and selling when it goes up. No fancy neural networks needed for that.
But regardless, those fluctuations are a property of "smaller" markets. The more the traded volume increases, the more volatility goes down. You can see it already, bitcoin was even more volative a couple of years back. Most altcoins are, because they have much less buys/sells in the order books. The halvening does not that big of an impact on the volatility if you'd ask me.
So as bitcoin grows, volatility will go down with it eventually.  Even though, I must say, as a trader, I will will miss it :)
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:14:34
then you want [Lightning](
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:30:56
yes. When people start to send segwit txes, we will get more block space. The seggregetated witness part of every transaction is what can be stored in the extra space (the signatures). That's why we will have somewhere between 2MB-4MB of block space, depending on what kind of txes people send (how much of is is witness data). 2.3MB is I think genereally expected.
This will lead to lower fees, once we see segwit txes going into the blockchain in significant numbers. It will also lead to faster confirmation times, since more txes can be stuck into a block – the backlog gets smaller.
The free unicorns we get with Lightning Network, though. LN is now possible, thanks to some fixes segwit introduces with its new transaction format. LN will allow massively more transactions, since you only need 2 on-chain transactions to open/close a payment channel in LN, and can theoretically do thoudsands of txes with one channel. And LN transactions are instant, less than a second to confirm. And cheap. Much lower fees to relay a LN tx. And on top of that, the on-chain fee wil also go down further – at least, if people start using LN for things they previously did on-chain.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:39:05
BIP38 encryption should be safe (if you use a complex enough passphrase of course).
To be sure, you should though download the website and generate the key on a non-networked computer. (to be even safer aggainst your pc beeing infected with something, use tails or some other linux boot stick)
You may also check out bitcoinpaperwallet.com, it is based on bitaddress – should both be equally good.
Storing your keys on a usb drive (preferably with full disk encryption) has different security properties. With electrum, you would still have an online wallet with your keys on an networked computer. If you are not storing really really much, I'd say that is pretty safe. But it is not an offline wallet that *could* *maybe* be hacked if tails has some remote exploitable volnurabilty (although very slim chance). If your keys where never ever exposed to a networked device though (like with a paper wallet), that cannot happen.
You might also check out Armory, that wallet allows you to have an offline wallet on a non-networked computer only used to sign txes you generated from another networked instance that does not hold the keys.
You also could do both, use paper as a backup and armory for cold storage.
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:13:05
Yes, i agree in the BCH thing, it is not over yet. But at least the fork went *relatively* smooth. But of course, if this pump continues – which I think it won't for long, but who knows – it might become a threat.
I agree that we need developers that are aware of the politics. And I agree that poltics is not external to bitcoin. But I don't think the devs should make technical decisions based on politics, but rather harden the consensus layer aggainst too easy politically motivated messing with it. Their job should be to prevent that sort of thing and stubbornly insist on technical analysis, proper testing and research based, peer review based changes.
Not beeing able to easily change the consensus layer is one of the security properties of bitcoin. It must be preserved, otherwise the promise of say the 21M limit or non-reversabilty of txes goes out of the window.
I would kind of sort of think of the consensus rules like a constutition, on which ground political struggle can take place. Changing that constitution should be possible, but only with overwhelming consensus from all or a good chunk of those that have a stake in it. The parties having a stake in it (users, miners, merchants, exchanges, devs etc) should not be able to unilaterally do that. (to stretch the analogy further: think of it like separation of power between legislative, executive and judicative branches). 
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:49:33
Yes, the bitcoin core devs are the one's that put the most work into bitcoin from the beginning. It is not a closed group, it is more like a loose network of developers and researchers that collaborate in improving bitcoin, by working on bitcoin core and evaluating/implementing BIPs (bitcoin improvement proposals). Just like other (bigger) open source projects, people come and go. Some have been there from the beginning.
As for the hardfork: Yes, if segwit2x proceeds as their proponents planned, there will be a hard fork, and thus a new coin. Who will considered the altcoin remains to be seen. Not all miners and certainly not all companies/exchanges or users are in on it.
My guess is, it will be more disruptive than the BCH fork. Especially if they insist on not adding any replay protection. But that could also lead to exchanges refusing to list the segwit2x fork at all.
I would consider the non-2x chain (supported by core) "bitcoin" and expect this chain to ultimately prevail – no one in their right mind can bank all their money on a chain that has a client developed by basically one single dev. Without the backing of the core devs, all the potential innovations on the blockchain currently beeing discussed will grind to a halt. Without a competent team of developers, such a huge task as maintaining the software and the consensus network it not sustainable.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:36:21
The wallet of that somebody would just generate a non-segwit address you can send to from your segwit address. You can send between them as you wish, there are no incompatibilities.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:29:31
You may not be fucked:
See their updates on recovering their service and refunds here:
those are the latest updates regarding access to our funds (google translated from russian):
On bitcointalk there is a long discussion thread about all of this, that started right after btc-e went down:
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:16:38
yes, I agree. Regeardless of whether it happenes sooner or later, it is a big threat either way, if it happens.
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:02:26
Well they can try, but LN is a decentrelized network. If someone wants to censor my transactions or receive documents from me in order to open a channel or route my txes – I just ignore them and route my transactions through someone elses nodes. 
Every LN node can open channels with every other, so no node can force anything on thier peers.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:35:09
There are two different things beeing discusses: Segwit activation and the planned hardfork called segwit2x.
**Segwit** is a soft fork that core has developed over a year ago to fix some problems with current rules (malleability for example) and to lay the ground work for further scaling solutions (like lightning network). It also increases the block size to allow for more txes / lower fee pressure (to about 2MB, maximum 4MB, depending on the txes people make).
It beeing a softfork is one of the great features of segwit, because it keeps the blockchain backwards compatible with old nodes/wallets that do not know the new segwit rules. Therefore, you do not need to worry or do anything, unless you want to use segwit txes. In which case you should update your wallet to version that supports it.
**segwit2x** or also known as the New York Agreement (NYA) is an attempt by some companies and miners in the industry to get an even bigger block size, on top of the blocksize increase that segwit already provides. The agreement stated, that they will signal for segwit activation only under the condition of getting a hard fork to increase the blocksize by and additional factor of 2. Thus, getting blocks of the size of around 4MB (up to 8MB).
This beeing a hardfork, that is sceduled for November, means you need to worry. Because their chain is incompatible with all old node software. If you want to use it, you need to switch to the btc1 node that includes the rules of that forked chain.
It will also lead to a new coin beeing created – there will be the "old" bitcoin chain with the normal segwit rules, and there will be the new 2x chain. That chain will, just as BCH did, continue the bitcoin block chain, thus giving you an equal amount of 2x tokens, as you have bitcoins.
As opposed to BCH though, they have not implemented a general replay protection like BCH did (after a lot of criticism the at least implement an opt-in solution now though). So there may be some chaos and a risk of loosing your funds, because sending a transaction on one of the network will create a transaction that is also valid on the other. So it is much harder to split your coins. 
Since the 2x poeple insist on calling the new coin an "upgraded" bitcoin, it further may lead to people not realising which coins they send/receive on the wrong chain / to addresses that they cannot recover them from.
So in November you should keep yourself informed if you want to make a transaction at that time, to keep your coins safe.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:14:23
looks promising. Would be nice to also have an API to fetch the realtime data, and archived historical data to download (like  has for trade data).
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:11:31
rented servers in 2013.
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:35:41
yes. Transactions with as low a fee as 20sat/byte should go through now:
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:36:46


that is correct.
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:24:58
Indeed. This may empty the mempool in the near future, but the real game changer will be the Lightning network, with a massive throughput increase – coming soon!
@_date: 2017-08-30 18:23:08
Well, even if the assertions of the paper are true (I could not reproduce it yet), it would only disprove the argument, that the pgp keys could not have been created in 2008.
This PGP-key though was never linked to satoshi in the first place. He never used it to sign anything, that is publicly available. Everybody can generate a key for an email-address no one knows about with the name "satoshi" in it. That does not change regardless of whether it could have been created in 2008 or not.
However, as you can read in the cryptocoinnews article, the other signature Craig provided to Gavin is actually linked to Satoshi. So that one we can theoretically verify. Sadly for Craig though, he just reused a previously already publicly available signature – one that satoshi published himself to the blockchain. So no proof there that craig can generate that signature by using the private key he supposedly posesses. Only more indication that he was trying to deceive.
All this dancing around makes no sense if Craig does have such keys. He can just sign a publicly available message (for example, the headline of a current newspaper, like Satoshi included in the genesis block), with a private key *known to have been in posession of satoshi*. For example, the very keys satoshi used to produce aforementioned transaction on the blockchain. 
That could without question be verified by everyone and we are done with it. But he doesn't do it. The best explanation for why: *cause he doesn't have those keys, 'cause he ain't satoshi.*
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:03:09
Electrum doesn't seam to have it enabled in the GUI yet, but they already had an implementation in January according to this:
So I'd guess, next release.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:28:08
(1) yes that is most likely their change address. Could be another withdrawel, but unlikely that they have an input exactly matching two withdrawls.
(2) probably depends on which electrum servers your wallet connects to. Could be that some have a lower setting for the duration of keeping txes in the mempool. But it is somewhat of a good sign, because it means your tx still exists in the network and can still be confirmed.
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:51:57
They are trying to relaunch the exchange, despite the US gov fuckery.
If you have coins in your account, you should follow their updates from their twitter account:
(use google translate if you don't speak russian)
Last update is this:
Also, ignore emails asking you to download refund forms in EXE/ZIP files. They are scam.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:38:09
The immediate benefit is, that you get a slight discount on fee's for segwit txes. Depending on the transaction you make, 30% or more. (if you have more signatures in it, it would probably be more).
The long term benefit in terms of fees is, that with segwit txes, miners can mine bigger blocks. So that should reduce the fee pressure for everyone.
How it's done? By using a wallet that already supports segwit txes. Currently there are only few, but most wallets will implement it in their next releases.
With bitcoin core you can generate segwit address with the "addwitnessaddress" command in the debug console, then send you coins there. An easy to use interface will come in one of the next releases.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:00:00
Only the seggregated part of a segwit tx can go into the extra space. So that will get used, when people actually use segwit txes.
I'd guess that happens, when a good chunk of the popular wallets are out with releases that lets you spend with segwit txes. Or if companies who create a lot of txes switch to segwit.
So far, there very only very few actual segwit txes in the blocks:
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:14:00
well, if the mempool is not that full, you get faster confirmation times, your tx faster into a block, even with lower fees. Maybe that is what OP meant.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:25:25
also, miners are switching to BCH again, raising the block times again:
@_date: 2017-08-19 18:58:05
I would take a little profit from time to time and keep HODLing the rest. If the price crashes, you don't loose it all, but you do not miss out either.
I personally would especially sell BTH, since I do not believe the price will hold. A coin with a solid dev team working on further improvement, a solid infrastructure etc. etc. is more sustainable. But that's my guess.
Also, don't tell strangers on the internet how much money you have. Hope your account has no personal info attached.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:48:04
No, not all transactions. Only the ones that you made with those imported keys.
Electrum will probably generate new keys for new addresses, when you create a new one. Or to send change to. Your qt wallet will not have those keys, and hence not show the coins in those addresses as belonging to your wallet.
If you want to continue both wallets and have everything in both, it may be possible the import the master key (seed) from bitcoin-qt into electrum, if you have a [HD-wallet]( Then all new keys generated will be derived from one master key, and both wallets would be able to do that.
You can get your master key in bitcoin-qt with the 
   getwalletinfo
command, it is the value of *hdmasterkeyid*.
I'm not sure though if Electrum can import it. AFAIK you need it as seed words, maybe there a are tools to convert that. I haven't tried that yet.
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:47:18
Yes you can make a paper wallet as a backup, where you just write down "seed words" that can be used to re-create your keys. (you can do that with wallets like electrum or armory). Or you can create a wallet that you never used with an actual wallet program, but is just a key and an associated address. When you buy coins you just send them to the address. 
When you want to retrieve them some day, you just scan a QR code or type your key into wallet program.
 is a very tool for creating paper wallets, there are also good explanations on what to do and how to do it safely.
Make sure you do a trial run with all the steps of importing the offline wallet back and sending a transaction, so you can be sure that you acually can access your funds, before you send big amounts there :)
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:56:23
No, did not see that yet. Haha, great find!
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:17:43
miners are free to put as many transactions in a block as they like (up to the blocksize limit of currently 1MB). So they are allowed to even mine empty blocks. However, they get no fees then, so it usually is in their interest to include txes.
However, it is sometimes profitable for miners to create empty blocks, for example (little simplified) if they just received the previous block and want to save the time to verify it fully before they mine the next one. That might give then a slight advantage over other miners, beeing a little faster. Since they haven't fully validated the previous one yet, they cannot be sure which txes are valid though, hence creating an empty block.
The lowest reasonable fee depends on how many transactions are currently in the mempool and how much fees they have. If the demand for fast txes is currently high, fees are higher.
 gives you estimates for what fees what times can be estimated for confirmation. If you're not in a hurry, you can try to go with a rather low fee for your sweeping tx.
Also, if you are really not in a hurry, you might want to wait for Segwit. SegWit activates in 8 days and it is generally expected that fees will go down, since SegWit allows for bigger throughput and segwit transactions give a discount especially on txes with lots of inputs AFAIK.
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:23:31
there is this thread, where some info about wallets that support segwit was collected:
You might need to scroll down a bit for the useful info by now.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:10:17
Well, I wouldn't use their 'service' then. Better go for a trustless decentralized solution like the Lightning network, that can do the same without any companies doing it for you.
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:43:55
AFAIK you need segwit, or at least the malleability fix part of it, to make the swaps safely.
Maybe there are some other cryptos that do not have the malleability bug, that could be supported. So far I have only read about people working on it for LTC. Of course, for any crypto you'd need to implement a script that allows atomic swaps. Depending on how different the coin is from bitcoin (litecoin is very close), it might become trickier.
Q2: well, FIAT and stocks do not support atomic swaps ;-) But you could probably do it with non-crypto assets if you use smart contracts as proof of ownership. So if etherum were to implement atomic swap, maybe. Or use colored coins on bitcoin/litecoin, that should work.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:47:29
Unless you have really a lot to invest and a cheap source of electricity, you will not make much money mining.
A couple of hundred dollars is a good start to buy some bitcoin directly and profit off of the price swings. Well, if your are good at trading that is and manage to buy low, sell high. A lot of people just buy and hold for a long time, since the general trend is still upwards. (a year ago the price was around $500, so you could have increased your hundreds of dollars to thousands of dollars, if you'd bought back then).
Keep in mind though that the price does not go up indefinatly, so there is always the chance that you buy now, and have only half the $-value in a week or so. Look at the long term charts and you can see that huge crashed happen from time to time. 
Do not invest more than you can reasonably afford to loose. Bitcoin is no low risk investment.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:10:15
Armory supports it, when creating pubkey addresses, there is a (currently greyed out) option for segwit.
BTW, Has anybody looked through the bitcoin core change logs if there was any changes to the GUI to select what address type to use? Or will bitcoin-qt generate segwit addresses by default after activation? Or will that be done in a future relase when enough blocks have been mined with the new softfork rules?
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:42:42
Yes, that is probably how it will happen. In addition, users will be able to use their own local LN wallet software, that should not require advanced knowledge, but should be just as easy to use as a normal bitcoin wallet.
So far no one is using it, because there is no stable release of any lightning software yet. It is still considered alpha and some things are not implemented yet or need more testing before the devs would even suggest using it with real money. It is though currently beeing tested in bitcoin and litecoin testnet.
@_date: 2017-08-14 22:28:35
yes, and the more confirmations there are, i.e. the more block have been mined since, the more sure you can be that the transaction will stay in the valid chain, i.e. cannot be revoked or replaced by another.
If, for example, you only have one confirmation, then a miner could mine an alternative block based on the previous one, and one on top of that. Then that alternate chain would become the longest and therefore valid chain, potentially without your transaction in it or even with another one that spent from the same address to someone else (called double spend).
This is why for transactions of larger amounts, you should wait for some more confirmations to be sure everything went okay when receiving coins. 6 confirmations is usually considered already very safe. Most exchanges already consider transactions safe after 3 confirmations. 
With your 50+ confirmations its almost impossible to go back so many blocks and create a longer chain, since you would need much more than halve the hashing power in the world to attempt to do such a thing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:49:55
 by generating it in a wallet that supports it. (look through the comments here, especially at the end, for which wallets can do it. In bitcoin-qt, you'd have to use getwitnessaddress in the debug console for now)
 Old paper wallets will have old style addresses. You can still receive deposits same as before. You can also receive from segwit addresses using a segwit tx. However, if you ever want to spend from the paper wallet, you cannot use segwit txes, since you payed to a non-segwit address.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:11:48
I'd expect a slow moving k-a-b-o-o-m as segwit txes get adopted, blocks get bigger. when fees go down and confirmation times get back to normal, that may be the signal to trust in bitcoins applicability in the future, increasing buy pressure.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:15:35
Well, I agree that we need to counter all this misinformations thrown around and that it's hard to separate FUD from real information. The only thing you can do right now, is to educate yourself on the technical implications to make a founded judgement. But that's not something everybody can do.
I disagree about the benevolent dictator though. I woldn't want to fight trump with a dictator either, but with a strong democratic (as in Democracy, not the party) movement. And yes, certainly not with Hillary. 
The strength of bitcoin though is that a lot of its resilliancy comes from decentralization. Beeing able to resist dictators or centralized control is a key feature that needs to be preserved. 
I agree that core is somewhat cornered currently with all the fud going on, and they could probably defend themselves more vocally (And BTW, not all core devs are blockstream people), but on the other hand, I don't want a dev team to be a political party really. (the entire notion of that was created by the detractors from the 'alternative implementations' anyway, core was never a homogenous actor). That should better come from outside of the dev teams. The development of core should stay a process based on techincal analysis, driven by technical arguments.
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:13:51
hmm not neccessarily, as a lightning node does not have to be a bitcoin full node as well. ATM all the lightning clients are developed as standalone clients that only do the lightning side of things I think.
Routing a lightning transaction is different from forwarding an on-chain transaction in the bitcoin p2p network. If there were fees for that as well, we would not have the problem of to few nodes I guess.
But since you would need a node anyway to send the opening/closing transactions that lock your funds in a channel, and since you would want to watch the blockchain for premature closing of the channel from the other parties, it would be reasonable to always run a bitcoin full node alongside a lightning node, especially if you have significant funds in your channels.
So yes, I could imagine that this increases the incentive to run a bitcoin full node as well. 
And if in the future lightning would even get integrated in bitcoin core, that could mean that the incentive to run a lightning node could spill over to run a bitcoin full node as well, since its easy now to make money off of it. (on the bitcoin-dev list there are early disussions around adding plugins or an API for lightning nodes to integrate with bitcoin core wallets).
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:07:08
I don't know the Jazz wallet but yes, if you have the private keys to your bitcoins you had before the fork, you have the same amount in BCH.
You can get them by exporting your private keys from your wallet, and import them in a Bitcoin Cash wallet, like electron-cash, or bitcoinABC.
You don't need to hold your BTC before doing that. BCH has replay protection, which means, any transaction you make with your BTCs cannot be replayed on the BCH chain. In fact, is is generally advised to first move your BTC out before you import your keys to BCH – just in case, because those keys can obviously also be used to spend your BTC.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:34:57
Well, the core devs are not in principle aggainst ever increasing the blocksize. But they prefer to pursue other avenues first. And they only want to do hard forks, if there is no alternative – since that forces everybody to upgrade, making old nodes/wallets unusable and of course carries the risk of a split like we now have.
They also have been working hard to prepare the core client for bigger throughput for quite a long time now, by increasing performance bottlenecks (faster signature verification for example), making the p2p more efficient (with compact blocks, headers first sync) etc.
Segwit also is one of those steps. There is the O(n²) sighash problem that has been fixed (meaning, it is now harder to produce malicious blocks that take ages to verify, which becomes a bigger risk the bigger the blocks become). Seggregating witnesses itself allows slightly reducing ressource usage (by pruning the wittnesses after you're done verifying the chain). And the discount on witness data encourages transactions that reduce the UTXO set growth (because it is now cheaper to have more inputs in a transactions, since you need a signature (witness) for each input). etc. etc. 
I think if that time comes, core would be on board with a blocksize increase via hard fork. But they would go about it in a more careful manner: with long term planning, properly spec'ing out everything in BIPs before actually releasing the code and notiying everybody a long time in advance (like a year or so), so that most of the node software running when the fork happens will be compatible.
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:02:54
It means that people are buying and selling a lot (high volume), but those buying and those selling are about equal in number of coins, thus the price does not move a lot.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:23:44
Yes, very good points.
Over at r/btc the BCH proponents already throw around the "spiral of death" notion about the mining adjustment algorithm. Since if a big chunk of miners suddenly leave, the mining adjustment period gets a lot longer, as it is meassured in blocks etc.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:25:19
There is a good change that low fee txes get confirmed eventually. Average fees go up and down, depending on how many txes people do with what fees, and (currently) also what miners do.
Usually on weekends fees go down, as less people transact.
Currently the block get mined much slower than usual, as miners switched to mining BCH, which is at the moment more profitable. This will change in 2 days, wenn BCH has the next difficulty adjustment.
So if you're not in a hurry, wait a bit.
Also, here you can see the amount of txes with what fees per byte are currently unconfirmed:
If you zoom out a bit, you can see that lower fee txes where included a couple of days ago. The two big "mountains" we have since aug 21, are mostly due to the difficulty oscillation shenanigans with BCH.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:25:54
If you have imported all your keys into electrum, you do not need the old wallet any more – once you have proper backups of your electrum wallet of course. But make sure that everything works before you throw it away :)
If you'd transact with electrum, your transactions that are being made with imported keys would also show up in the bitcoin-qt wallet, once it is fully synced. If you swept your wallet instead of just importing the keys, there will be only one transaction visible in bitcoin-qt. (sweeping means: move all coins from the old wallet to an address of the new one).
Once you have made payments from every address you had in your old wallet, the bitcoin-qt wallet should be empty.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:17:33
Glad I could help. And welcome to the ride ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:08:08
I buy with bitcoin online whenever I can (and the amout is above coffee-levels). But if LN works as advertised, then the coffee-buying use case is on the table again.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:22:48


That's not entirely true. You get the discount on the witness data right now. But it is of course up to the miners to include your tx, but the incentives are set so that they should, because they get more fees with bigger blocks.
see: 
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:30:46
Well it not such a big difference in fees. There is a slight discount on witness-data in the new segwit rules, that would make your tx maybe 1/4th or so cheaper.
I would not move old wallets, because that alone costs more tx fee than you'd save (unless fees rise a lot more). But I would create segwit addresses for *new* paper wallets, if you ever want to create a new one.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:39:07
lnd is already working on it, from the 0.3-alpha release notes:


 (emphasis mine)
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:23:29
Its only "tied up" in the sense that you cannot spend it on-chain, as long as your channel is open. But you can always spend it to anyone accepting LN payments. Assuming LN gets widely adopted, you have few reasons to untie it.
And of course, you can close the channel if you like. Just one on-chain tx away. (Unless you have an uncooperative LN node on the other side, then you may need to wait for locktime to expire).
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:46:48
depends on how quickly people start to use segwit transactions (i.e. people update their wallets). If a significant chunk of the user base does it at day 1 of segwit actication, you can expect a good drop in the fee rate.
Confirmations would become somewhat faster too, as the mempool does not fill up as much anymore. But the big step is LN: when LN is ready, you get instant transaction (&lt;1 sec) with negliagable fees, probably in the range of "the good old times" on chain txes.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:30:04
this site has some nice graphs comparing the two chains:  
Looking at  you are correct, BTCs hashrate bottom is about 0.74 of the diff target.
But I'd expect this to go back by the end of the day, after  BCH's diff adjustment. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:36:57
oh yes, you're right. Did not think that through, the sum of all fees in a block are whats important for a miner, of course.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:53:45
No big deal, understandable, if your money is on the line :)
They have two ways to get thier coins out of limbo: Either they spend their unconfirmed output, hoping that it confirms. Then you'd get your money as well.
Or they double spend the same inputs again, with a new transaction and higher fees. If that tx confirms, it would invalidate the old one, because the inputs are already spend then, as far as the blockchain is concerned.
In the second case, you would not get anything. But I would hope that, if they do that, which they'd probably have to do manually, they would either resend with the same output to you, to complete that withdrawl, or charge it back to you account at least. Everything else would be outright theft.
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:54:10
This is a good starting point:  
You find links to exchanges there as well, where you can buy bitcoin.
Also this could be helpful: 
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:51:51
The "wallets -&gt; import wallet" option can only import armory wallets I think. Those are usally .wallet files. I don't think armory understands the multibit wallet file format.
I don't know where that might be in multibit (never used it), but usually wallets have an option to export/show the individual private keys. (those are then strings of text, a bit longer than an address). If you can find an option to get multibit to give you those, then you can import them like this in armory:
Select your wallet and open "wallet properties". Click on "import/sweep keys". If you have more than one private key, select multiple keys. Copy the keys, one key per line, into the text field.
At the bottom of the dialog you can select either "import key" or "sweep keys". Importing means, just import them, so that you can spend from them. Sweeping means, it uses the keys to automatically create a tx to send all the funds from all keys to one of the addresses of your existing armory wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:04:28
Don't do it! Buy on the next dip, you can still make profits. No need for hasty action! Your life is worth much more than whatever profits you did not make.
@_date: 2017-08-31 12:57:57
Oh yes, good point. There are several credit/debit card options. I personally use a [SpectroCoin debit card]( whenever I need to pay in fiat online.  
Maybe that is a somewhat easier way than going through exchanges. Because you only need to to 'load' your card with the bitcoins you have, and do not need to pay withdrawl fees or wait for bank transfers to complete.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:03:02
no, it adds new features to the bitcoin blockchain by introducing a new transaction format that fixes some issues with the old ones and increases the blocksize, so that more transaction fit into a block.
It is still bitcoin on the same blockchain and 100% backwards compatible.
@_date: 2017-08-14 22:08:41
That may be one reason for the price rise, but my guess is increased confidence in bitcoin after the fork did not end in a disaster, the promise of good scaling solutions for wider adoption due to lower fees etc etc are very good reasons as well.
On how to prevent monopolies, that is a good question. From the top of my head I would have some ideas, that are probably not enough. Maybe the LN devs have thought this through further, I have not really read so deep into the specs of how they expect the network to form. My Thoughts:
One factor may be that users who want to maximize privacy would avoid routes through big institution hubs and too short routes, since that makes it easier to collect data about who's paying whom. But I bet that is just a fraction of the user base.
Maybe a concious effort to stop accepting channels to known big hubs? Or using a routing algorithms that try to randomize routing pathes (again for privacy as well as encouraging decentralization)? But that would still require people to probably willingly pay a bit more for the good of the network – probably not strong enough against market forces.
Maybe an algorithm used when automatically setting up payment channels that tries to maximize a mesh-structure of the network, such that reasonably short routes between the most nodes exist regardless of whether there are some well-connected central nodes?
Edit: oh and to become the one and only hub, you would really need to a have a shit tonne of coins locked up. Since you would need to fund every channel you make with enough coin to be able to route all the transactions between everybody. I have not done the math and I guess if you already a couple of billion $ worth of coin you maybe could have enough, but question is, is that more profitable than not locking those coins up and just manipulate the market or something else?
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:03:54
I'm hoping with you. I did not have all my coins there, but a good chunk that I used for day trading. Hope we'll see our coins again!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:36:32
core works like most other big open source projects. Anybody can submit patches, pull requests and become a core developer.
There is a maintainer who in the end commits changes to the main tree, but his job is more to do what has been agreed upon, not to be the one who decides what gets in or 
Discussion happens on the [bitcoin-dev]( mailinglist or in various IRC channels. Anybody can subscribe and participate.
For protocol or consus layer changes there is the [BIP-process]( (BIP=bitcoin improvement proposal). Anybody can write a BIP. Usually it gets discussed on the [bitcoin-dev]( list. Generally it gets improved, sugggestions incorparated and if there is no one objecting any more, leaves the Draft stage. Wallets are then free to implement it or not. Uncontroversial ones usually get implemented in core with patches written by the BIP authors, if the BIP relates to what bitcoin core does.
**edit**: There are alternative implementations too. And of course, like other open source projects, you can fork the code, patch it, make your own client. This has been done a couple of times with BitcoinXT, Classic, Unlimited, and now with btc1 and bitcoinABC. So far, none of those forks were able to convince the majority of users to use them instead though.
In the end, the users still decide what they run.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:24:28
it is still somewhat alpha, and currently beeing tested on the litecoin testnet. I would guess a couple of month until it is ready for actual use.
Here's a video of a litecoin dev that talks about the LN status:
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:18:52
I'm not sure if it works like that. The signature to spend the coins sent to the old address must still produce a script that results in the same hash to spent from them. But could be that it is possible to include that sig as a seggregated witness. 
Probably best to just try creating a witness addrees and see if you can spend from it (activate coinControl and see if the address show up as possible input)
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:06:45
It is ready, but creating segwit addresses and txes is not yet enabled by default and not yet exposed in the GUI. This will probably be done in a future release. You can manually do it in the debug console, see this discussion:
@_date: 2017-08-29 23:01:40


Yes, that is right. If two miners publish two different valid blocks of the same block height, it depends on which blocks most other miners mine the next one on, which block wins. (the longest chain, or more accurate: the one with the most work is the valid one). The chain that was started by that other block then is not considered part of the blockchain any more (it gets orphaned). The miner does not get any reward for his block either in this case.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:14:47
you may want to follow this thread:
as for ledger, appearenty they just released segwit support: 
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:34:12
No. That only makes sense if you assume centralized hubs that could controls who can make LN transactions. But that assumption itself is made up bullshit.
Every lightning node can essentially be a node that routes transactions through. So whomever would censor transactions or only allow them trough after KYC/AML checks can easily be routed around via other nodes.
This will probably be similar to everyone running a bitcoin node forwarding transactions through the p2p net – every lightning node can route lightning transactions through its payment channels, as long as enough funding has been locked in those channels. 
Since you can collect small fees for routing transactions, there is a good incentive to lock up some unused funds in payment channels for everybody on the network, which will probably ensure that there are enough routes available. Also, of course, even if there were not, you can always open a direct payment channel with another party on the network that you want to send coins to / receive coins from. 
TLDR: No, not valid concerns.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:46:41
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:13:16
Well, the biggest hash power is definatly one important thing, yes. It's the hardest to attack using hash power bacause of that.
My biggest plus though would be lots of well experienced developers, lots of research going on and therefore the blockchain with the most trustworthy path in securely improving features – even though it may appear slow. (Etherum has a lot going on as well, but, well, not the best track record of good implementations of their ideas).
Well and of course BTC has the biggest commerce ecosystem. Merchants accepting BTC and such. But that is not directly related to the blockchain itself.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:00:26
In the end, only btc-e really knows the answer. But what you can gather from this [FAQ]( is that they don't offer any service to US customers. However, you're still able to use the site without verification. So you'd probably have to withdrawl in small chunks if you are a US citizen. And probably no chance of USD withdrawls to you. Maybe you'd need a VPN, if they were to block US IPs, but they did not say anything specific about how they're gonna avoid US customers:














@_date: 2017-08-28 22:14:34
well done!
@_date: 2017-08-31 00:25:02
ok, agreed.
Better go stockpile some of that rice then...
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:31:34
Yes, LN will also enable atomic coins swaps. That is basically like a decentralized non-fiat exchange. It should work with every segwit enabled blockchain (or at least, any chain without the tx malleability bug).
The lnd devs are already working on it for LTC&lt;-&gt;BTC swaps, according to their latest release notes:


@_date: 2017-08-20 14:51:02
have a look here:
It explain some of the security properties and characteristics of different wallets.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:30:40
Electrum cannot import the bitcoin-qt wallet (the wallet.dat file) directly, as far as I know.
But you can import all your private keys manually:
In bitcoin-qt Open the debug window console and enter the following, if your wallet is password protected:
    walletpassphrase &lt;my passphrase&gt; 60
this unlocks your wallet if it is password protected. The 60 means, for 60 seconds. then:
    dumpprivkey &lt;my address&gt;
for every address in your wallet you want to export. This will print the private key for that address.
Finally, you may type:
    walletlock
to lock the wallet again.
Then you open Electrum, create a new wallet, select “restore”, and copy the private keys from the bitcoin-qt debug console into the text box, like described here:
Click next, and then you can spend from all your addresses. 
Once bitcoin-qt is finished syncing, all transactions you make with electrum should also show up in bitcoin-qt. You can continue using it as usual, or even both wallets, if you want to keep electrum as well.
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:44:20
Even for one-off payments you only need to open one payment channel. Thats the beaty of the lightning network, rather than just having individual payment channels. Yes, creating channels will take a bit space especially when people start using LN – and it will take some time until LN even gets adopted to be useful for things we do today on-chain. I do not expect immediate relief when LN is released, it will take a while, but it will come. The segwit increase is hopefully enough of a 'stop gap messure' to give us enough time for that. I expect fees to drop slowly even after the segwit activation, however, that also might take a while, since people need to actually use segwit txes for that.
As for core considering 2x, I'm sure they would, assuming the mempool is not only full because of spam attacks and all other solutions fail. But there must be enough time to prepare, since for a non-contentious hardfork everybody needs enough time to update first. There must a good spec of how to implement the hard fork safely, that went trough the normal review process and was tested properly. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:29:05
in this thread people collected info about segwit enabled wallets (you might have to scroll down a bit to get to get to the useful comments):
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:59:49
Here you can see the fee levels in the mempool, and infer what levels got included:
currently, event txes even in the 20sat/byte range txes are getting through
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:14:55
if you already have an account on an exchange trading BCH, sell there (bitfinex, kraken for example).
Otherwise: shapeshift.io changelly.com
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:18:06
looks like it should work! 
Although, probobably more efficient and asthetically pleasing to eventually buy some case fans? Your chassis seems to have a lot of conviniently prepared holes in the back and on the top where you can put some :)
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:00:55
fees will probably go down the next coming days/weeks, as more people start using segwit txes.
But it may not go low enough, if you really want to send very small amounts. But it's hard to say how much of an impact doubling the blocksize has. 
But Lightning network is on the horizon. When the LN devs are ready with implementing it (it's getting closer), you should be able to send cents again, since LN will have much lower fees. And instant confirmations on top of that. It may take a couple of month still though, before it can really be used.
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:17:30
Yes, just buying some and holding on to it is enough. Lots of people here do that. Just buy them if you think the price will rise further. You don't need to mine or understand every detail about blockchain tech for that.
You should inform yourself though on how to keep them safe. The quick version: Don't keep them on an exchange, store them in your own wallet. Only if you have the keys, you control your bitcoin. Don't run your wallet software on an insecure computer that can catch viruses that try to steal your keys. Preferebly a dedicated PC with a Linux OS on it, that you don't your for day-to-day stuff. But if you don't have a dedicated mashine, I'd at least not put too much money on a Windows box. If you don't want to touch it for a while, you might also do an offline wallet (paper wallet).
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:11:49
There actually is one. The *Fidor Bank* over here in Germany. You can link your bank accout to your bitcoin.de account and instantly buy bitcoin. (only catch: the other users you buy the coins from must have a fidor account as well, so they can internally transfer the money instantly)
@_date: 2017-08-20 16:06:27
Depends on the wallet. Some will allow you to select the tx type. (I just stumbled over that option in armory. There you can select segwit, which is currently greyed out, until the activation). Other wallets will default to segwit or probably have a checkbox to opt in/out.
But I haven't checked personally which wallet does what.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:00:11
You would get slightly lower fees of you pay *from a segwit address*, as there is a discount on the witness data if segwit txes. That means, you would first have to transfer your funds to a segwit address with an old style transaction, paying the normal fee. Then you can send segwit txes, with slightly lower fee. I'm not sure how much lower that would actually be. But it could be significant enough for the price level of buying a single steam game for example.
In the long run, you help reduce the fees by adopting segwit, as blocks can only get bigger than 1MB if poeple are using segwit txes. So once a significant fraction of the users have switched, miners can stick more txes in blocks, which should reduce fee pressure for eveyone. So in that sence, everybody updating to segwit enabled wallets should lower the fees for everybody.
There is a discussion over here were people gather info about what wallets already support segwit:
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:05:22
Well, predicting prices is always tricky. The the last month was very turbulant with some surprises, especially from the fork attacks – but that beeing said, my bet would be that the price will rise after (or shortly before) the segwit activation, due to people expecting relief on fees and confirmation times. Segwit also enables some features neccessary for the Lightning network, which will open up some new use cases (instant txes, much lower fees and a lot more txes) – so if people think this means bitcoin is prepared to better handle influx of new users and more transactions, they will probably buy.
But of course that's what I guess, not a financial advice ;-) I myself will HODL and buy some more. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:37:17
yeah, but now we can call all of them the real bitcoin^TM
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:10:47


Yes, the difficulty is [adjusted every 2016 blocks]( based on the hash rate.
If the prices were to go up significantly, some mining operations would probably become unprofitable and be shut down / go bankrupt. The hash rate would drop, which would lower the difficulty. This process would probably go on until it reaches a level where it is profitable enough again for the remaining miners.
Not a pretty thing for those miners, but bitcoin would be unharmed.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:29:04
Certainly somewhat possible with the ressources of the NSA, but well, anybody can claim "anonymous sources". Maybe true, maybe not, could be click bait. Cannot verify. Needs to provide proof to convince me. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:05:18
Oh, right, haha! sorry.
Amazon itself does not accept bitcoin. There is a workaround though, by buying amazon gift cards with bitcoin. I don't recall where you get them, but if you google "amazon gift cards bitcoin" you should find it.
eBay AFAIK does not allow paying with bitcoin, because they cannot force charge backs.
It does not work with paypal or such payment processors. But you can indirectly pay with bitcoin on shops that only accept fiat, by loading a debitcard with bitcoins. For example:
And Here is a search engine for merchants directly accepting bitcoin:
Here is a map of locations outside the internet accepting bitcoin:
Here are some more lists:
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:14:49
ha ha, I assure you, it will not change your sexual preferences.
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:57:17
The absolute safest way is to store them in an offline wallet. That can be either a paper wallet, generated on a non-networked computer (using bitcoinpaperwallet.com for example), or using Armory. 
An armory wallet can run in "offline mode" on a non-networked computer and holds the private keys there. You can run Armory then on another connected computer with a so called "watch only" wallet, that does not contain the keys. If you want to send a tx, you would have to create it with the online wallet, copy somehow to the non-networked mashine, and sign it there with the keys. Copy back and transmit.
You are also quite safe if you use a hardware wallet. That way your keys are stored on an external device, without your OS having direct access to them.
If you do not have a lot of coins, you probably don't need to go to crazy on security though. If you run a standard wallet on your PC, you control the keys and are probably fine. (if you store on coinbase, you need to trust coinbase to give you access to your coins.).
However, I would recommend never to store a wallet on a Windows mashine. Especially not, if you use it daily and install all kinds of funky software on it. Better have a dedicated Linux OS for that purpose that does nothing else. Preferebly with full-disk encryption (easily done for example if you install Ubuntu, its just a checkbox away in the installer).
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:32:01
Yes you would sell them on an exchange. If you have huge sums, preferebly on bigger ones or on multiple exchanges  simultaneously. But $300.000 should not be a problem on most exchanges. If you for example look at the order book of bitstamp here:
As if me writing this, you could sell 100 BTC for around 4.200$ immediatly. The price would drop by just 20$. (so you'd have sold even $420.000 worth then).
It would only get problematic if you really dealing in hundreds of millions. In that case, you'd either slowly sell them piece by piece, to not crush the price too much. Or find a direct rich buyer, there are people selling outside of exchanges as well.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:01:02


They would need to generate segwit addresses for deposits or move funds they hold into such addresses, since you only make a segwit tx from such address.
I'd guess it will be somewhat of a transition period where some of their funds are still in old adresses and some in segwit ones.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:29:57
AFAIK, they also *should* stop signalling after activation. So that in the far future, that bit can be reused for other soft forks.
@_date: 2017-08-29 17:19:30
or sell all his assets and buy bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:15:49
Since segwit is now activated on the chain, the UASF node and core node should behave exaclty the same, AFAIK. So it really shouldn't make a difference. But you may want to update when core releases a new version.
The unknown rules warning is also seen with core. This is probably because miners are still signalling for segwit, while it is not neccessary any more, since its already active. Could also be the segwit2x signalling, not quite sure about that.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:03:43
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:55:02


Well of course not that fast. For starters, you also want good arguments for why *it should* go in, not only why not. BIPs for example explicitly have a "rationale" section, of why that makes anything better, and why there is no other way with the existing tools etc. Then there is a peer-review process. Of course no patches just get merged without anyone looking at them. and, for bigger changes, testing on the bitcoin testnet before anything goes into any release of course. Segwit for example was tested for month on testnet.
BIPs are usually used for anything that affects the *bitcoin consensus layer*, that is, the rules of what constitutes a valid transaction, a valid block etc. Stuff that every node MUST agree upon, for the network to function and not split. They are also used for stuff that needs standardization, like the URI format for payment requests, so all wallets are interoperable etc, even though that is not consensus critical.
For small things only related to core but not other wallets, like a performance improvement, typos, GUI changes etc., there will be no BIP.  Of course there's the [github repo]( where discussions happen around pull requests, bug reports, etc. Everything what's more implementation detail. And there are IRC channels and addtional lists (see [here]( under Discussion)
Core usually only puts stuff in the client that they expect are not highly contended within the community. Of course they could put something in that people will reject, or that everybody involved in the process thought it was a great idea and there is suddenly huge backlash. The "consensus layer" in the community for that is of course users not adopting the change. Using and old version, creating a fork that patches it out etc. But before it comes to that, there are many ways to voice your concern, and it usually happens. When the blocksize debate started, the -dev mailinglist was flooded with blocksize increase proposals, different approches on increasing the blocksize in various ways etc.
I don't know, does that answer your question? 
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:42:38
Because poeple accept it as having value and are willing to trade it for other things that they deem valuable. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:04:38
Satoshi is also the unit for the smallest fraction of a BTC that can be spent. It is a one hundred millionth of a single bitcoin (0.00000001 BTC):
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:58:33
Um, start with buying some coin, as you can afford?
Or, well, start with installing a local wallet to keep the coins you buy safe, so you don't get burned again. Then buy, then ..., then profit! 
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:47:28
noiice. Get them firmwarez updated folks!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:08:58
You do not need to be friends. All you need is you and the other party running a lightning client that accepts payment channels. You do not need to trust the other party, since they can only take the coins out that you send to them via a lightning transaction. 
If they try to close the channel with a previous state where more of the money in the channel was on their side (trying to steal your funds), you have the opportunity to publish the current state of the channel and get everything – that's a built in penalty mechanism to prevent such attempts. (details for that here  (p. 1f) and more technical here:  section 3.2. (p. 13ff) )
Closing channels / settling should not be neccessary during normal operation. Only if the other node is somehow unreliable, doesn't route your txes or goes offline. Then you'd want to close and open with someone else. Or they want to high fees and you found another node that is cheaper. Or you want to take the coins out because you want to do an on-chain transaction for some reason.
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:00:01
If I read it correct, if hashrate stays around the same as it is now, then the mining difficulty will rise by 341% on the BCH chain, and go down by by 6,61% for mining BTC.
This is because some miners have switched to mining BTH, giving that chain an increase in hashpower, and a slight decrease for BTC. It is much larger in percentages for BTH, because the BTH chain had less thean 10% of the mining power of BTC before.
The difficulty adjustment on both chains happens every 2016 blocks. The date show when that will be.
For profitability this will mean, that after the adjustment it becomes realtively less profitable to mine BCH, as fewer blocks will again be created and more work is needed to mine a block. Profitability for BTC will rise a bit after the next adjustment.
If those numers are correct, I think this also means that in 1 days 14 hours, when BTH adjusts, it will be more profitable again to mine BTC – assuming the exchange prices don't move a lot.
@_date: 2017-08-20 04:21:46
miners. Because they get the block reward as well as the transactions fees. The idea is, that by that time, the fees can sustain the miners without creating new coins.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:32:43
Here is a list of readiness of wallets on services for segwit:
How fast the increase becomes effective depends on how quickly users switch to segwit txes (update their wallets, or in some cases opt-in to segwit txes, if the wallet allows choosing). Its hard to say how quickly this will happen.
Since fees are high and segwit promises relief, I'd guess somewhat quicker than a usual update to the latest version. Especially for people/businesses who do a lot of transactions, it would make sense to do it quickly. But not everybody follows the news so closely, so I guess we can only wait and see what happens.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:16:08
yeah, I know that feeling. From time to time I'd like to look what they are talking about, then I can't help myself to correct something utterly wrong, and boom – "payed borgstream shill", "puppet", downvote until that button breaks.
Facts are especially painful for some over there.
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:23:37
No, I did not perceive you as insulting. Otherwise I'd stop discussing.
Segwit itself introduces a weighted limit on how much tx data can be in the segregated part (the signatures or "witnesses") and the transaction only part (the old block with 1MB limit). This weight was chosen to allow up to 4MB in total in edge cases. That is, if you have smaller tx data, but bigger witnesses. This is case for big multisig txes for example (which will probably become more common with LN). 
The 8MB number is not from the original segwit design. This is edge case maximum, if the segwit2x hardfork happens. This fork would increase the non-witness limit to 2MB, but keep the same weight value for witness data – thus doubling the overall block size by a factor of 2. Hence max. 4MB for segwit, 8MB for segwit2x.
@_date: 2017-08-19 18:15:21
Well you're right it is not near perfect. When, back in the good old days, running a node was synonymous to mining, users had much more power.
But still, this is one reason why it is still important that you run your own full node if you can, and why we need to keep this possible for as many people as possible.
Yes, if the majority of the network runs nodes with different rules, those will probably win. But who's the network? Well users, as in, people running full nodes. Of course, exchanges and payment processors are sadly a big chunk of an important factor two.
Empowering users more would be awesome. But how would you enforce the vote on the BIPs?
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:46:23
its a list of all trades on the various exchanges / pairs. The columns are:
1. time ([UNIX timestamp](
2. price
3. amount traded
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:44:04
You could, but you need have the coins in a segwit address first to send them with a segwit tx. 
So you'd need to generate a segwit address in that new wallet, send you coins there. Then you can do segwit txes.  You could even do that from the old wallet without exporting keys. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:17:21
I don't know specifically about coin dance, but I'd guess like most charting websites they'd get their data directly from the exchanges via their various APIs and archive it themselves. Most exchanges have kind of a 'live stream' of trades that sites like bitcoincharts.com follow and store. 
Bitcoincharts.com is one of the oldest I know that have data back to the launch of most of the exchanges – and allow you easy access to it. Could be that sites like coin dance started with files from bitcoincharts or some site like that for historical data, and add new data they collect themselves.
@_date: 2017-08-19 13:46:51
August 24th
see 
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:22:36
Well, good news 1: new wallets get release that allow sending segwit txes. People will start sending segwit txes, and eventually the blocks can get bigger. 
good news 2: BCH will have a difficulty retarged in about 2 days with the current hashrate. Then it will be more proftable again to mine BTC, miners come back. Blocks should be back to 10 min on average.
If this flip-flop continues: we will have a diff retarged on BTC as well in 14 days or so. Since we had less mining power in this period, the difficulty will be reduced -&gt; faster block times.
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:25:20
a) they do not think of it 'as a loss', but as something unsound from a technical perspective (needless hardfork etc.). They are not the one trying to 'win a battle', but to protect the network from stupid moves motived by a shitstorm of FUD and misinformations thrown around the internet, rather than peer reviewed and tested proposals.
b) Core is not the cause of any civil war here, they did nothing to start such a thing, they only provided technical analysis and their resulting opinions and proposals on how to deal with the scaling issues. The politicisation of the term "the core devs", and the falsly attributed idea of them as a tight political group acting in lockstep came from those that actually wanted to cause 'civil war', namely BitcoinXT, Unlimited, Classic, Cash and the like.
c) the bumping into a glass ceiling was anticipated also by core, which is why some of them proposed segwit as one part of the scaling solution that can avoid hard forks and brings other goodies –  and worked on it since the end of 2015. It was ready now for almost a year, but everybody was waiting for miners to upgrade their node software, to finally activate it and get one the one hand more throughput (abont 2.4-4MB blocks), and the basis for better scaling solutions (LN, Schnorr sigs etc.). That was only delayed, because the signalling mechanism was repurposed as a political tool to hold segwit as a hostage for other demands, instead of beeing a tool to safely deploy soft-forks, as it was originally intended.
No need to panic though, next week we'll have more than double the on-chain space already, when SegWit finally activates, so that glass ceiling will move away a lot. The next step should not be yet another blocksize increase, but continuing to make txes more efficient in space usage (schnorr etc), and kick off decentralized off-chain scaling solutions like Lightning, Sidechains etc. When that stuff is done and we get close to the blocksize limit again (and not only by spam), then may be the time for another block size increase. Potentially by a softfork like extensions block or something, and only if unavoidable, via an uncontentious hard fork.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:57:16
SegWit is mostly only a new transaction format and a different way on how to order different pieces of transactions in a block.
For you as a user, the most visible piece is that you need to generate new addresses that are specificly generated as segwit addresses. You need to *spend from* a segwit address to be able to send a segwit txes. Other than that, everything works just as before.
Every wallet that supports segwit, should be able to generate those addresses for you. Just like you did before whenever you generated a new address. You just can't use the old ones for it.
If you want to see if your wallet already supports it, have a look at this thread:
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:10:23
Yes I agree, it is totally valid to critizise the attempt to coopt the bitcoin name. There is a point to keep refering to it as "Bcoin" or something, you are right. 
You can of course go with "BitmainCoin" if you must, its not really wrong, but we need to emphasize the evidence that shows this is actually what it is. And yes, that is exacly what your post provided, so I am not really arguing aggainst you here.
The point I wanted to make is just that we should keep delivering good arguments, evidence that shows that this coin is not an innocent fork of a subset of the community that just disagreed and parted ways, but there are other interests and problems with it, that proove why this is an attack and threat to bitcoin – instead of focusing on re-naming things and see who gets insulted by it the most.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:39:53
That would only work, if no other miner mines a block in the mean time. Cause your blocks need to be based on the latest one (must include the hash id of the previous block in its header). 
If all miners colluded to not produce blocks, they could pull it off. But then it only needs one other miner who's not in on it pumping out blocks.
You could try to orphen any other mined blocks, then you don't need their hashes. Your chain would need to have more work though, so you'd have to have &gt;50% hash power to do that.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:09:16
Are there any other ideas to mitigate a drop in hashpower? I can only think of things that involve a hardfork. Like changing the diff adjustment algo.
That would not only be an update hassle with potential massive price drops, but the fork friends would throw a shitposter party if bitcoin protects itself by *hardforking* now, of all times. It hurts already to see the "who's da real bitcoin" posts in front of me...
@_date: 2017-08-20 04:24:29
Miners can put any txes and as many in a block as they like (up to the max block size). By doing so, they can for example dedide to prioritize txes with more fees – since that gives them more reward for the blocks.
There is a max block size cap, but no minimum. An empty block is also a valid block. Back in the beginning there were a lot of them, since there weren't txes every 10 minutes.
Usually though, it is in the miners interest to put more txes in, because they get the fees.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:57:54
yes, you can buy fractions of a bitcoin.
Create an account with an exchange, get your money there and you can buy an amount worth exactly £100, if you wish.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:55:00
Lightning devs are working hard currently to get LN implemented. A big chunk is already done. Here are some projects to look at for the first beta releases soon:
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:41:18
can we have a lightspeed increase please? This arbitrarily chosen limit hinders adoption of space travel in the current universe. It takes too long and is so expensive. Please just change this one little variable, and everybody can go to their favorite moons instantly!
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:40:21
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:52:42
Thanks for clarifying that. I knew I was simplifying it with the "extra space", but wasn't exactly sure about what is actually seg'ed.
If signatures are inside the transactions, does that mean when the blocks get serialized (in the p2p layer) that they are also stored next to the rest of the tx data? If so, how do we make old nodes accept blocks bigger than 1MB? Were they already doing something more sophisticated than something like "len(blockdata)" to determine the size?
**edit**: Just had a quick look at BIP141 / BIP 144 again. My misunderstanding probably was that I assumed, that putting the witness data into the witness tree, is what the seggregation part meant – and that the nodes of that new tree would basically live outside that what previously composed the block (header + tx data), and would therefore be "appended" to the block when it is serialized (unless stripped). 
But if I understand it right, BIP144 introduces a new block serialisation format, where the witnesses are included in the txes, for segwit aware nodes. Old nodes will be served with the old serialization format, with the witness data stripped, and thus resemble old blocks never &gt;1MB. This answers my backwards compatibility question.
**edit2**: But did I get it right, that the discount is on the *witness data* only, not on segwit txes as a whole? If the formula for block weight is 
    
    Base size * 3 + Total size 
that means, the same as 
    Non-Witness-data * 4 + witness-data
witness data weights 4 times less than non-witness data (for any tx).
Did I interpret that right?
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:34:55
yes, of course someone has to stream it up first. I meant that there is maybe some big antenna that does the upstream – but the general users of the sattelites are only receiving. At least that's how I understood the current system they set up. 
But there is no reason why you couldn't take this further to a bidirectional connection. Probably a bit harder to send something up, as you need to direct your signal precicely at the sattelite or something. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:12:10
It appears that it is not exposed in the GUI yet. I'd guess they will add that to the next release.
You can create segwit addresses manually though via the debug console with the following command:
    getwitnessaddress "&lt;old-style-address&gt;"
This will create a segwit address for one of your keys you have for an old style address. So copy one of your addresses and paste it to &lt;old-style-address&gt;. Or create a new address first and use that.
It will then print the segwit address you can use to receive funds.
Also described here:
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:59:46
if the system growth that much, that the open/close txes are already too much for the block size limit, (which indeed is in the order of 1000x-10000x), then yes, the on-chain fees would rise again. But at that point I think nobody will refuse a blocksize increase.
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:02:04
But the off-chain solutions *improve* the situation for "poor people" wanting to do on chain txes. Since the on-chain fees will go *down* due to the reduced load on the chain.
Of couse, if the user base growth that much that this compensation goes puff, we'd need to *also* increase the blocksize limit to mitigate this scenario.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:06:36
Oh there are? Must have totally missed them. Any I'd need to take serious besides 2x/NYA coin? Did any other fork the actual bitcoin blockchain?
**edit**: [answered above](
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:41:55
the fee goes entirely to the miners. Wallet do not usually take any fees for themselves.
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:47:37
well than you would probably want to use a paper wallet for an offline wallet. Probably the easiest way.
Or you buy a USB hard disk, install say Ubuntu on it, and boot from it only after you unplugged your Ethernet cable / disabled WLAN. Could be a bit clunky though copying transactions to sign them that way.
Or you buy one, something small and cheap like a raspberry pi would probably do.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:07:02
Thanks for the clarification. That's what I thought.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:57:08
If there is no unconfirmed tx, then coinapult has not actually broadcasted any transaction yet. Your only hope is that their support react to your questions, why they haven't.
@_date: 2017-08-23 13:31:27
yes. Segwit allows for more tx per block. Max Block size including the witness data will be around 2MB (1,7MB - 4MB), depending on the relative size of the witness data, once poeple start sending segwit txes.
More blockspace means lower fees to get included into the blockchain.
In the long term, segwit will enable 2nd layer solutions that will further increase the tx throughput and reduce the amount of data that neeed to be stored in the (main) chain: Lightning network, maybe sidechains, Schnorr signatures etc.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:07:20


For any user it is going to be as expensive as doing any other on-chain transaction. Which will, as a convinient side effect of off-chain solutions, become cheaper, cause txes that are currently done on-chain can be done off-chain, thus reducing the number of txes in the mempools, thus lowering on-chain fees.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:21:29
Even if Jeff is a very competent programmer, he alone can not do all the work of multiple expert programmers, researchers and hundes of commiters himself. Throwing away the expertise/ressources core can bring to the table, would mean that the 2x thing will be the last upgrade for quite a while.
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:41:12
Yes, you are right. Thanks for correcting me.
You technically can do it, with some advances NAT magic you could route newly established connections to one or the other, or with advances gear as you mentioned, or software usually used in load balancing or high availabilty fail over setups it is possible. But probably way overkill in this case.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:02:36
latest update from them is update  from Aug 14.
All their updates (on bitcointalk) are also beeing tweeted here:
those are the latest updates regarding refunds (google translated from russian):
According to this, we get 45% of our coins back (probably early september), and the rest in BTE tokens – just like bitfinex did after the hack. The tokens can probably be traded. BTC-e itself will try to get the funds back and then buy back the tokens. At least that is what they claim they will be trying to do. No guarantee that they can achieve this. 
On bitcointalk there is a long discussion thread about all of this, that started right after btc-e went down:
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:31:52
glad I could be of help. Wish you luck!
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:54:10
Yes, lightning will make cheesburger level payments possible. 
Well, if gloom and doom happens, of course you can just change the rules in the code. That would be a hard fork, and any hard fork only works if users acually want to run your changed software – but assuming the chain would already be unusable, everybody would probably want to do that ASAP.
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:41:07
the discussion about quantum computing resistant algos came up on the bitcoin-dev mailinglist from time to time. AFAIR, the mood was that it is faily easy to switch the algo, but no urgency.
It would be really interesting to know what NSA &amp; Co actually have in their arsenal already. In the snowden files it looked like they are planning on it, but no clear indication of how far along they acually are. And those files are somewhat old by now. We need more leaks :)
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:25:22
what is a malleable fork?
If you mean a fix for transaction malleability, it can be done both ways. SegWit is a soft fork, that includes fixes for tx malleability. But you can just a well change the transaction format in a non-compatible way, thus creating a hard fork (thats what the BCH folks claim they're going to do about it, at least)
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:19:55
thx for sharing! 
Let me quickly save a copy, may use them for my next paper wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:03:17
as long as there is any route available from your payment channels to theirs, you do not need to open a new payment channel. (see my comment above)
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:10:47
and I've got me self a fine unhackable cold wallet.
Though a bit more roomy than my old paper wallet, definatly more yummy
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:23:07
nope, the point of doing a soft fork was to provide it as opt-in, and backwards compatibility with old nodes and all old tx types.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:27:08
I'm not complaining. But segwit does increase the blocksize and when people start using it, the mempool can be emptied quicker, fees get lower. Of course, it doesn't mean that it'll neccessarily be empty after each block, or that the tx volume can't rise in the future. Just wanted to point out, that what OP was asking for is a real thing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:45:40
Usually, as long as you have decent cooling, there's no problem running a PC 24/7. 
You should occasionally though reboot when you update your kernel, if there are any security patches esp.
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:22:51


or any other exchange that trades BTC/USD: 
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:05:15
The lighting network itself is basically a p2p network just like the bitcoin p2p network itself. It is run by everybody who runs a lightning client (that allows routing transactions of other connected nodes). There is not 'lightning company' that needs to run it.
Potentially, there could be big companies running 'ligthning hubs' (i.e. clients with lots of open channels to others and a lot of coins locked up in channels), since you can take a small fee for routing transactions, that might be an opportunity for profit. But that is not a requirement for LN to work, nor is there any need for anyone to use such potential hubs to route transactions.
This works without LN itself beeing 'blockchain technology', because it ultimately relies on the underying blockchain (i.e. Bitcoin / Litecoin etc.). A lightning payment channel is basically a valid bitcoin transaction that is NOT published to the blockchain, but could be at any time. If you transact in the channel, each time the balance changes, a new bitcoin transaction is created, that COULD be published on the blockchain any time. (With some multi-sig, locktime magic you can prevent others from publishing old transactions, if you have newer one – more on that [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:10:55
segwit2x or also known as the New York Agreement (NYA) is an attempt by some companies and miners in the industry to get an even bigger block size, on top of the blocksize increase that segwit already provides (from 1MB to about 2MB, up to 4MB, depending on the txes people send). The agreement stated, that they will signal for segwit activation only under the condition of getting a hard fork to increase the blocksize by and additional factor of 2. Thus, getting blocks of the size of around 4MB (up to 8MB).
This blocksize increase is done via a hardfork (as opposed to segwit alone, which is a soft fork), that is sceduled for November. Hard fork means, their chain is incompatible with all old node software. If you want to use it, you need to switch to the btc1 node that includes the rules of that forked chain.
It will therefore lead to a new coin beeing created – there will be the "old" bitcoin chain with the old rules (including segwit rules), and there will be the new 2x chain. That chain will, just as BCH did, continue the bitcoin block chain, thus giving you an equal amount of 2x tokens, as you have bitcoins.
As opposed to BCH though, they have not implemented a general replay protection like BCH did (after a lot of criticism the at least implement an opt-in solution now though). So there may be some chaos and a risk of loosing your funds, because sending a transaction on one of the network will create a transaction that is also valid on the other. So it is much harder to split your coins.
Since the 2x poeple insist on calling the new coin an "upgraded" bitcoin, it further may lead to people not realising which coins they send/receive on the wrong chain / to addresses that they cannot recover them from.
Some arguments aggainst it:
* We already have a blocksize increase with segwit, no need to rush another one shortly after. Let's first see what the impacts of the network are and how good off-chain solutions like the Lighning Network perform, which might increase the tx throughput overall, while reducing the amount of on chain transactions.
* hard forks are inherently more dangerous than soft forks (reasons stated above) and should only be done when there is no other choice. And if you do them, you should give a long lead time (not only 3 months), to ensure that most the node software out there is up to date and does not unexpectedly seize to function.
* The way it was approched is detrimental to how changes to bitcoin are supposed to be handled: The NYA guys did not even try to build consensus in the community, for example by going through the normal BIP process, by making a good proposal and provide specifications on how to do it, that can be widely discussed and can incorporate suggestions and changes, that may come up in the discussion. Or even change it just to please others, who otherwise would not go along. If it succeeds, this would only enforce the idea that some "important people" can decide how rules are beeing changes. Which weakens one important security property of bitcoin: that consensus rules cannot just be changed willy nilly without overwhelming support by all affected parties.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:49:25
Indeed. And they have been working hard for years to make it perform as good as it does today. 
They actually laid the ground work for any current or future capacity increase, while everybody else was talking about the best maxblocksize value. 
Without it, nodes on the other chain would probably choke and scream on average hardware, if big blocks were actually created and needed to be propagated and validated.
@_date: 2017-08-14 22:40:13
if you sent them to an address you control, you could send the coins from the unconfirmed tx to yet another adress with a higher fee. That might get your first tx mined, since the miner can then collect the fee from the second transaction.
Or you delete the tx from your wallet and make a new one with a higher fee. See:
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:08:12
looks like you're making progress. Although you script really pushed my browser to its limits. Probably because its so much data, that's why It'd probably be a good idea to reduce the data like I suggested above.
Yes, Stackoverflow is a good idea, there are certainly more capable programmers that can help you there as you will find here.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:23:21
Well, you do not depend one one specific LN node or hub. LN is a p2p network, just like the bitcoin p2p network in some regards. 
Every LN client can open payment channels to any other. So if your hub wants higher fees, you connect to another node that doesn't. All you need is one alternative route through the network. You would do the same if a bitcoin full node suddenly wanted something extra from your for forwarding your transaction through the bitcoin p2p network.
Even if there is no route available, you can create a new route by directly opening a payment channel with your destination. If lots of people do that because they are frustrated by hub X, a new network emerges that can easily routes all transactions around it. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:03:33
Yes, they have to do something – unless it still confirms for some reason.
And I would agree, I don't think coinbase is in the business of deliberatly stealing funds from their customers. They only seem to be bad at customer service – or at least currently overloaded. This is probably some kind of bug in their fee estimation, which causes the low fee. I'm sure when they start noticing it, they'll fix it.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:40:51
very good point!
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:28:00
Um you certainly can't buy them on amazon, and even if someone made an offer (don't know if anybody does), I wouldn't on eBay.
Here is a list of bitcoin exchanges:
If you're in europe, I'd recommend bitstamp. On the US, maybe coinbase. Most exchanges are pretty international though and serve anyone.
You may also want to have a look at some introduction infos here:
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:02:50


Strictly speaking, a paper wallet is a *private key*, that allows spending from an address.
If you use deterministic key derivation (hd wallet) – which you usually have if your paper wallet consists of seed words –,  than it is a root key to derive multiple other keys from, that can be used to spend from multiple different addresses.


If you create a new one in the future, it probably makes sense. At least it ensures that you get the fee discount on witness data, if you want to spend from it in the future. So you may save some fees accessing it in the future.
Other than that, both is fine. Your "old" paper wallet will continue to work and be just as safe as a paper wallet with a key to one or more segwit addresses. No need to "update" your existing paper wallets.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:31:51


You are totally fine if you do nothing. Everything should work as before. Old transactions are just as valid.
If, however, you want to use segwit and create segwit addresses/transaction, you need to update your wallet to a version that supports it.
To understand what segwit does,  has some good ressources, like this [FAQ]( Or for a rationale for why segwits changes are useful and what for read [this post]( on bitcoincore.org.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:46:28
Any wallet software that supports the kind of paper wallet you created. Electrum for example. If you have seed words, you can create a new wallet, choose recovery and enter them. If your paper wallet is a literal private key, then of course you can import that as well.
Once you have your keys in that wallet, you can send your coins to any exchange or wherever you want them to go.
@_date: 2017-08-24 19:42:40
They will remain compatible. There are no plans so far to deprecate any old transaction formats, nor is there any reason why anyone would want to do something like that and make peoples funds inaccessible.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:33:58
No, tech is not finished yes. Devs are working hard on it, but no productions ready releases yet.
And yes, wallets will have to implement it. At first though, there will be LN specific wallets to start using it. But I guess most "normal" wallets will add it eventually.
Here are some of the more prominent LN projects, if you want to follow the development:
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:57:25
Edit: misunderstood your comment, sorry.
This list is from July, there may be more by now
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:36:58
I think you have valid points. Usability is an issue, keeping your keys safe is still hard for many. But there is a lot of work going into improving wallets, making things easier and more obvious. Give it some more years, and I bet people will be able to use it in their day-to-day life, securely.
Just like in the '90s with the Internet/WWW, it was a geeky thing to hook up a modem and enter cryptic strings in an adress bar or even telnet'ing into some server - that was nothing the average person could do. Today a good chunk of humanity understands the broad concept of an URL and spends a good amount if time with a browser in front of them. I think that will be possible with wallet software as well.
The fee problem and the actual capacity of the bitcoin network, yes, not ready yet. But things like the lightning network will make micropayments possible. Other solutions to scale are in the works, like sidechains etc. This I assume is just the start of technogies on top the blockchain. There will be a lot of research be needed for years to come as cryptcurrencies grow. The potential is definatly there IMHO.
@_date: 2017-08-20 04:29:36
best way IMHO is to come up with incentives for LN to not rely on hubs. LN does not need hubs to function. A mesh network of many small nodes is sufficient to route transactions – and prefereable for privacy reasons and of course decentralization.
Hubs may only grow out of it, because the more coins you have, the more payment channels you can keep open and route txes. But if users would prefer somewhat longer routes and would themselves open more than one channel, they can route among themselves – or even deliberatly around big hubs.
@_date: 2017-08-31 12:33:32
Yes of course, if you can avoid using third parties, that is of course preferable. If you're able to do it yourself, you control the keys to the coins people sent to you, and don't need to trust bitpay. The tricky part is the conversio to USD. If your suppliers all would accept BTC, this would not be an issue. Sadly, to convert to USD, you in the end need to at least rely on exchanges and banks, because USD does not have a blockchain ;-)
You could set up payments to your HD wallet and convert them on an exchange to USD yourself though, without a service like bitpay. You then have control over your coins without any 3rd parties involved, for as long as you don't need to convert them.
To your questions:


There are multiple fees involved. Of course, first the bitcoin transaction fee for transfering the BTC to an exchange. But that is probably negliagable if you don't transact very small amounts or need to combine a lot of small inputs you received.
The conversion to USD is probably the most expensive part:
Exchanges take a fee for executing your sell order. That depends on the exchange, it's usually between something like 0.1% and 1%. Real exchanges like GDAX, bitstamp or bitfinex are usually cheaper than services like coinbase.
You also need to check what fees those exchanges have for fiat withdrawl, if you want to pay out in USD. That depends on the payment system used. For example, [bitstamp takes a flat fee of 0,90 € for a SEPA transaction]( AFAIK, US banking system is a lot more expensive, but I have no experience, I'm not living in the US. 
Best is probably if you compare different exchanges on their fees for the payout method you would use and pick one that is not too expensive.


On the bitcoin blockchain, a transaction can be confirmed every 10 minutes on average. To be sure though, you should wait for more than one confirmation. (once confirmed, every next block that confirms txes from the previous one is generated on average every 10 minutes). Usually 3-6 confirmations minimum is recommended to be sure.
How fast a transaction actually confirms depends on the transaction fee used. If you pay above average, you have a good chance of getting a confirmation the next block. If you pay a very low fee, it could be a couple of days. (usually on weekends very low fee txes get confirmed, when there is less activity).
Of course, if you are asking about the time it takes that you have the money in USD, you need to take into account the time it takes for you to transfer the coins to an exchange, and wait for you bank to credit the withdrawl to your account. The last step takes the longes, multiple days.


If you are worried about the volatility of BTC and need to sell fast to USD, and the way as described above is too complicated, there are those third parties like bitPay that can guarantee a certain exchange rate. But of course, you can transfer your coins quickly to an exchange and sell yourself if you prefer that. 
I hope I understand correctly what risk you were referring to.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:57:43
Yes, good points
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:08:35
1. Sure. I think that mission for a government is very important. (Though I'm not a die hard libertarian as some other people here, that might disagree on that). But how is that an issue for bitcoin? Of course there are tax laws that apply to gains in bitcoin. If you don't pay those taxes, you're comitting a crime. Bitcoin just protects you from the goverment or banks seizing your funds, not from a government demanding taxes. If you don't pay, they can still throw you in jail.
2. Those bitcoins are lost, if no one can access them private keys. If you have a lot of bitcoin, you might want to think about making paper backups that your loved ones can have access to, in case that happens.
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:55:40
Yes sure, it is only one of the arguments of BCH supporters. They don't trust the core devs in general. A lot them see conspiracies all around when it comes to core devs working for blockstream. Well, and the main point of course is: they want bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:17:53
Hey redditor for 0 days, why are you reposting this? Are you intentionally trying to spread misleading info, wrapped in an honest question, in the hopes we get tired of answering why this is wrong?
The exact same question has been asked by another user account [here]( and been answered in the comments:
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:21:51
no, it is not like credit card companies. Every lighning node that has more than one channel open can route transactions, that don't exceeed the amount locked in the payment channels.
You can choose by opening payment channels with any one of those. In practive, this will probably be  automated by routing algorithms, that can choose the cheapest path for you. But of course that is up to wallet implementations. 
You are just as able to open payment channels with your friends, with other users as you are with nodes run by merchants or big companies.
**edit**: and in contrast to credit card companies, no LN node operator has ever custody of your funds. They can't do chargebacks, can't freeze your accounts. And if they want to impose restrictions, demand any KYC paperwork or something, you can route around them and use another one that does not.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:15:38
You need the keys stored on your device to generate the 2FA tokens. So if you only have one copy on your device, they are lost, if you lose the device.
AFAIK you can backup to the cloud with Authy. You better trust them though to be able to keep your keys safe.
I personally use FreeOTP, because I don't trust non-free software with something that sensitive. It does not have any backup capabilities, but is as easy as backup up one file containing all keys.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:16:47
careful people who haven been reading to much of the misinformation spread mainly on r/btc might take your sarcasm seriously.
Wait for quotes being posted and upvoded to the moon there...
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:33:17
well, for the space part itself, if you manage shooting a space ship or sattelite in orbit in a more cost effective way  than installing solar collectors on earth, you might. Don't think we're there yet though :o)
You would have a slight disadvantage to other miners though, due to higher network latencies sending data up and down. 
For the relativity part, ismith23 said it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:59:10


Thanks, glad that you like it!


It will be around Aug 24. Here is a counter: 
There are no risks really. All old transactions are still valid, segwit is an optional new tx type that users can opt-in to use. Segwit beeing a softfork also means that it is backwards compatible with old nodes that do not understand segwit. So if you have an old wallet, you can still use it as usual.
Volatility is another matter. Predictions are always hard, but I would expect a price increase before the activation – in anticipation of all the new goodies segwit will bring. When segwit was activated on Litecoin, the price went close to the moon. More than a 10x increase (from around 3-4$ to over 50$ at its heights). For bitcoin, I'd not expect such a massive spike, since there is more volume in BTC and some increases already happend around the lock-in, but its a promising bet to buy in before if you ask me. 


No, those were two separate things. The BCH folks mostly wanted to just crank up the max blocksize (8MB instead of 1MB), rather than segwit and off-chain solutions like Lightning network. Mostly because of distrust of core and wild conspiracy theories. At least that is what they claim the main reason for forking is. So they went ahead and forked to their own chain before segwit was activated.
The lock-in of segwit itself on the main chain came later, I think it was the Aug 10 or so. That was because enough blocks signalled segwit support in the two-week period before. (segwit lock-in has a rule, that more than 95% of blocks must signal support on one such around 2-week period before it gets locked in – to make sure the new rules can actually be enforced on the chain). Lock-in means, that after yet another period of 2 weeks, it will get activated. This is so that people still have the chance to update in time, if they want.
This 95% threshold was reached on that date because of two other things that relate to Aug 1 though: 
One the one hand, some users wanted to enforce the segwit activation via a so called UASF (user activated soft fork), because a majority of miners refused to signal up until then. They also had a flag day around the same time as the BCH fork, that's probably why it felt like the same thing. The UASF was an attempt to run full nodes that do not accept any blocks from miners that do not signal – and thus either force the main chain to activate, or split the chain so that another valid chain exists, where the 95% threshold is matched. (that split would technically not have been a hardfork, since both chains have the same consensus rules, but different blocks that would be valid in both chains. Only the "longer chain" rule would have decided here.)
On top of that was yet another group: the segwit2x people. They are mostly responsible for NOT signalling segwit, because they wanted segwit and a blocksize increase on top of that. They only wanted to signal, if they also get their hard fork block size increase. They basically held segwit hostage for about a year to get their way. Before BCH suddenly came up in July, that was the major player that wanted to prevent "just segwit". But the miners of that faction also started signalling around Aug 1 for segwit, but in combination with their intention to hardfork to segwit2x two month later – probably also at that date, because they wanted to prevent the UASF beeing seen as a success (cause that would proof that users can go around miners).
Pheew, writing that down really shows how complicated keeping track of all the interactions and players actually is. No wonder if all this must be very confusing, if you are new to bitcoin. Hope this clears some things up for you.


No need to apologize!
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:16:57
yes, you could use blockchain for "registering" such names. Should be possible with NameCoin for example, it was designed for exactly such use cases.
Should also work with bitcoin transactions. You can use OP_RETURN  OP code in a script to put arbitrary data in a transaction. You could put for example a signature in there, that proves your ownership of the name or a public key to be used to send you encrypted messages etc. You may even use bitcoin private/public keys themselves. Should work.
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:21:07
yes, that sucks. But if you buy small amounts now when it still goes up and up, you can still make some profits. Maybe you don't get all the lost gains, but if you hold for a while, there is still a good chance of getting back in.
And keep in mind, there are so much more things in life to enjoy. Don't throw it away.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:39:16
people continuing to try to attack the network, after previous attempts failed.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:15:55
As long as the transaction is not confirmed, you can try to double spend it. That is, generate a new transaction with the same inputs to somewhere else, and a higher fee (so that it gets included first).
Here is a guide for bitcoin-qt:
here for electrum:
google "double spend &lt;your wallet name&gt;" if you have any other, you'll probably find a howto
@_date: 2017-08-27 20:48:32
as the "facts" statement came from me, here's what I was refering too, in the context of facts that some people in r/btc keep distorting, even If you explain them to them. here are some:
For example the *fact* that in the design of the Lightning Network, you do not pay subscriptions fees to gatekeepers to get access. You pay on-chain transaction fees to miners. Or the fact that a lightning node does not have control over your funds, it could run away with – because they are locked in a multisig tx, not in their custedy.
Or the fact that blockstream releases their patents under the Defensive Patent License to everyone, and hence cannot go ahead and willy nilly sue anybody using those.
Or in discussions about segwit, I keep pointing out that using anyone-can-spend transaction types for compatibility with legacy nodes, does not mean that miners can just spend from those addresses. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:31:54
not a canadian, but I use a spectrocoin card when I cannot pay with BTC directly:
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:38:18
Most nodes will drop old txes from their mempool after 2 weeks. But that is not a guarantee that it does not get included later, it would still be valid, as long as you do not spend the coins otherwise.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:22:55
Ah okay, I did not really now about the state of Myceliums development. 
In that case you could either try if you can recover from your seed with other wallets that support BIP32/39 key derivation and have segwit fully implemented. If it works with them, your future proof recovery process would just involve using a different wallet for it.
Or, if you want to keep it simple for your family and they already know how to use Mycelium, you may keep the majority of your funds in non-segwit addresses for the time being. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:32:49
If you have access to cheap electricity, yes.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:45:03
here is a list of some wallets: 
(scroll down to user interfaces)
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:22:20
Well, I cannot quantify this, but on the one hand, it can support the payment needs for more people – if those more people exist and come rushing in, they will buy bitcoin to use them. So more demand -&gt; higher price.
Also, LN may enable new use cases. Micropayments that are below what is currently reasonable with the on-chain fees will be possible (again), and then there is new use cases where you need instant "confirmation" that you received the funds. For example, paying for your coffee and not having to wait until it's cold, because the café owner wants at least 3 confirms. Or just paying for something in a store in general, by just scanning a QR code and be done with it. 
And of course, there may be media attention, which always attracts new users.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:16:01
Follow this twitter account for actual info from btc-e:
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:15:40
Hum, from my superflous understanding how the key derivation works, I would think not. Because you would derive keys as usual, and then generate the addresses from the same witness script and your derived keys, resulting in the same hashes.
But I wouldn't trust my hunch on that, my understanding of how that works in detail is not deep enough that I could say for sure.
**Edit**: maybe the problem is in your version of mycelium, not fully supporting segwit addresses yet? Or not checking for segwit addresses when deriving keys from a master key? Probably best if you talk to mycelium devs, they would better know if they already have eveything implemented yet for this case.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:24:05
I'm not planning to. Only touched it once to sell
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:18:09
Yeah, luke says, **if** you want to support *smaller blocks*, you shouldn't use them. Because that keeps the blocksize at 1MB. 
There is nothing wrong with using them, if you don't share his position for smallest possible blocks. Also, that view is not really shared by many other core devs, including those who work for blockstream. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:17:42
I've done it with bitcoin-qt before. You need to go to settings and enable "coin control". This lets you select from which addresses you want to spend from when sending a transaction, by clicking on the "coin control"  button.
If the old transaction is also visible in bitcoin-qt, you may have to drop it from your wallet first. Otherwise it will not allow you to double spend. You do that by opening the debug window, and type:
    abandontransaction &lt;txid&gt;
where &lt;txid&gt; is the transaction id of the old stuck transaction.
Armory allows you to select the inputs as well. There you can also select the addresses to spend from, on the left side of the send dialog.
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:39:23


The Bitcoin-ABC nodes are BCH nodes. Classic and Unlimited probably too. (they have versions for BTC and BCH).
The btc1 nodes are the ones that support segwit2x.
But those numbers may not be reliable, as it is easy to make one node look like 100, if you wanted to give the wrong impression of support.


Yes, they are still signalling that they *intend* to run it. But as the miners switching between BTC and BCH has shown in the last couple of days, about 50% will just mine what is most profitable.


Yes, that is true. And core will not support any of those forks. If you run core currently, you will stay on the bitcoin blockchain.


Well, the hope that they can make it look like the original bitcoin blockchain has no chance, and segwit2x chain is the more viable one and people buying their thing. But if the price of 2x drops after the fork, it is immediatly less profitable and I expect most miners to stay with bitcoin.


Well, on BCH there is no real pressure for fees. Blocks are quite empty, it has much less transactions than bitcoin, and fees are therefore very low. BCH mining was only profitble the last couple of days, because they changed the difficulty adjustment algorithms, which allowed miners to produce more new coins than usual – but you're right, they did not get much fees.


From what I read in that other sub, they are generally aggainst anything segwit, but some like the fact that the next split might benefit BCH, cause all the drama and maybe chaos in BTC it causes.


Yeah, it is very confusing and there is a shittown of misinformation beeing spread around. I find that totally understandable. It is hard to distingush real information you could learn from, from made up bullshit to prop up another coin.


If you decide to stay with bitcoin, that is the right choice. I will.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:28:09
no it's not
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:38:43
around the same as OP payed. You do not pay a percentage of the amount transfered, you pay a fee per bytes – the bigger the transaction is (in actual bytes), the more it costs. Think of it as a fee to the network for storing the data, not for the value you get from it.
So sending bigger amounts is a lot cheaper percentage wise.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:39:04
Well short term, yeah. But for any "bitcoin" to continue to rise it must prove that it can resist such attacks and not be in danger of beeing forked into oblivion. 
Also, if this attempted coup aggainst the core devs would succeed somehow, I would seriously question the ability of any chain to inovate further in the near future. Without the hard work that has been done by developers and researchers on bitcoin-dev, via the BIP process and ultimatly producing code for bitcoin core, I cannot imagine that all the cool features that currently are in the pipeline will be delivered soon. Those will be neccessary for bitcoin to grow further – and thus for the price to rise further. If the core devs would pack their things and leave, I'd panic sell all my BTC, because I would consider that possible end of trust in bitcoins security properties and ability to be developed in a responsible, and future proof way.
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:52:51
Yes, I agree. I acually expected that some wallets would do that, but so far the big ones have no new releases yet.
BTW: now is a good time for low fee transactions. The mempools are getting slowly drained since the last BCH diff adjustment. The 150sat/B range should go through now:
I just got my first segwit tx confirmed right in the next block (with 240sat/byte though (~100sat/WU)). Might have worked with a lower fee now though. 
**edit**: wow, made another test tx. Went through with a fee of 0.000134 BTC (62.326 sat/B or 25.141 sat/WU according to blockchain.info) right with the next block:
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:54:27
great that it worked out for you!
And good to know about electrum, didn't know it had that feature.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:46:17
ahh, the good ol' freedom of choice
@_date: 2017-08-31 12:52:23
Yes, it's very unfortunate that this is a bit complicated to do on your own. Sadly, there is no trustless way to transfer USD, so we're stuck with this for as long as you need to rely on fiat.
If you can find suppliers that would take BTC directly, it gets much easier. In that case you could just have your HD wallet, receive transactions and directly pay them from that wallet. The only fees involved would be the bitcoin transactions fees, and no third party required.
Maybe more of your potential suppliers will do that in the future. But sadly, I'd say, we are not there yet. Depends on what you sell of course, but bitcoin is still not that widely accepted that most merchants could do that, I'm afraid.
Good luck though, and thanks for doing it. The more businesses start accepting BTC, the easier it gets.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:14:49
yes, me too! exciting times ahead!
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:10:18
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:34:01
wow, did not expect the oscillation cycles to end so soon. But if that continues ...
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:53:10
Just running it safe. My nodes so far haven't shown any sign of attacks. Although, if someone tried to DDOS nodes off the network, it might happen to you. But so far I have not seen that.
The main reason why most people do not use their day-to-day mashine is that they also use bitcoin-qt as a wallet. Especially if you are running an insecure OS like Windows, the chances of accidently installing some crapware or fetch other malware etc. are higher. Having a dedicated mashine that does nothing else than beeing your wallet, reduced the risk of beeing hacked.
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:56:34
thanks bot, you mentioned that a couple of times already.
I've only been lied to by Craig, who to this day could not produce a simple signature that would proof he has posession of Satoshis keys, independently verifyable by anyone. I don't appeal to any authority, I trust in cryptography, thanks.
But when did I start arguing with bots ...
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:30:38
If you mean a web wallet in your browser, something like  or a  is a okay, since you own the keys to the wallet and get to your funds, even if the websites were to go away.
For local wallets on your PC, bitcoin-qt, armory or, if you don't want to download the blockchain and run a node, electrum.
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:36:43
The only thing those on the other sub base that assumption on is a post from satoschi, when he added the blocksize limit as an anti-spam messure. It's this post I think:
In that post he explains how you can increase it (with a hard fork), and gives an example in code on how to do it at a certain block height.
He says nothing about his "vision" or whether he thinks that's the way to go whenever we hit the limit. it's just an explanatory example. 
I've also seen people taking the blockheight from his example and saying "see, satoschi's vision was that it'd be activated already, this block height is in the past now!!1!". Totally over-inerpreting what this example actually says.
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:50:43
Hum, to draw chart I would first transform the raw data a bit. You could write a loop that "monotizes" the data point into time span intervals by adding up the volume and averaging the price. Something like this:
    
    
    interval_length = 3600; // hourly intervals
    last_price = 0;
    idx = 0;
    while(idx &lt; data_set.length) {        
        // reset value for this interval
        volume = 0;
        price_sum = 0;
        count = 0;
        timestamp = data_set[idx]['timestamp'] + interval_length;
        // get sums for this interval
        while (data_set[idx]['timetamp'] &lt; timestamp) {
            volume += data_set[idx]['volume'];
            price_sum += data_set[idx]['price'];
            count++;
            idx++;
            if (idx &gt;= data_set.length)
                  break;
        }
        // get average price
        price = count &gt; 0 ? price_sum / count : last_price;
        last_price = price;
        // add new row to monotized data array
        monotized_data.append([
             timestamp: timestamp,
             volume: volume,
             price: price
        ]);
    }
(just wrote that from the top of my head, didn't test it and my JavaScript might be a bit rusty, so don't know if it's correct, but I hope you get the picture)
@_date: 2017-08-31 00:05:21


rice could become awfully expensive
@_date: 2017-08-28 00:11:27
If you'd do it, you would have to have the second node serve on another port. You cannot forward one port from your router to two different IPs. That would only work if you have more than 1 public IP (or only serve over IPv6).
For the network, it won't really help that much either. Both would have the same single point of failure (your internet connection), and would either both be up, or both be down.
So unless you yourself have a specific use case for "redundant" nodes, not really. But it won't hurt either.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:21:52
very pretty! Did you design them yourself or is that from a paper wallet generator?
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:26:39
Yes it is a blocksize increase. But not every block can be 4MB, that is a theoretical maximum. The expected average maximum is about 2,3MB or so. 
That is because the block size limit in bytes has been replaced by the so called *block weight*. The block weight counts all witness data for segwit transactions 1/4th of the rest of the tx data. So it depends mostly on the size of the signatures of txes, if the block size limit in bytes is closer to 2MB or 4MB.
Also, it is not only miners who have to up their maxblocksize settings (They may already have done so, we already had at least one block &gt;1MB). Because with old style txes only, you cannot make a block bigger than 1MB. People have to actually use segwit txes for blocks to be able to become bigger. (only few wallets have released updates with segwit enabled yet). 
Currently there are very few actual segwit transactions in the blocks:
@_date: 2017-08-25 01:42:25
You can never spend only a part of one input. And an input is always one of the outputs of a previous transaction.
So, say, you have only received one tx, amount 1 BTC. Now you want to send 0.25 BTC of that somewhere else.
What your wallet does is create a new address for your "change" to put the remaining 0.75 BTC in. So your transaction then looks like this:
    input:               output:
    1 BTC   ----- &gt;  0.25 BTC (somewhere else)
              \-- &gt;  0.75 BTC (back to your self, to the change address)
This is like paying $2.50 with a 10-dollar bill. You get back the $7.50 change.
@_date: 2017-08-28 00:22:55
well duh, that's kinda true for every wallet. If you loose your keys / passphrases, whatever you use to encrypt/decrypt etc., you,re screwed.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:15:59
Well, I had some discussions about blockstream and patents. I continually pointed out that they release their patents under the DPL and tried to explain how that licence works etc. For example in [this]( thread. (this thread is acutally relatively civil in comparison, I had another discussion where a guy just kept throwing insults at me [here]( I was downvoted enough of course that my comments are collapsed in the main thread)
Another thing I continually argue aggainst is the notion that LN requires subscription fees and core/blockstream whoever wants to become banks that hold people's coins, censor transactions or force KYC requirements on "customers" of their LN nodes. With some people it is impossible though to even point them to the LN paper, make examples, explain how LN is designed – they just don't believe it and keep repeating that I'm a shill and they don't trust core etc. 
Most of the time they derail the discussions to talk about motives of me, blockstream or whomever, throw around conspiracy theories about who pays whom, instead of even acklowledging a technical argument about how payment channels work, for example.
To be fair, of course there are exceptions and reasonable poeple as well. I recently had a delightful argument with a r/btc guy, where we politely disagreed and pointed out our disagreements ([thread]( He even tipped me some BCH for taking the time to lay out arguments. But those kind of people sadly get drained in a flood of those other posts most the time.
**edit**: added links to threads
@_date: 2017-08-19 01:20:14
sadly, yes
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:24:56
Ah yes, thanks for correcting that. Did not know that there are so many. 
I think I remember a post about Plus or Fast a while back. But did not take any of them serious enough for being an actual contender for the name. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:32:27
revealed by what?
Edit: oh, nevermind, did not see the link, though that was a self post.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:52:38
The fee your wallet selected is rather low. Since you are using a somewhat old wallet, I'd assume that it does not support RBF (replace-by-fee), which would allow you to up the fee a bit.
There are three things you could do:
1. wait a couple of days. Currently the mempools are very full, especially because some miners have switched to mining BCH again for a while, which make block times a little slower. This will change soon though, when BCH has the next difficulty adjustment. Also due to the segwit activation, additional blockspace can be used and will be soon, as people start using segwit txes. This should reduce fees further. So if you are not in a hurry, just wait.
2. Double spend your inputs: Export your private keys and import to a newer wallet that allows you to set the tx fee. Send another transaction with a higher fee *from the same address*, i.e. 1P1oFxscLdWvV3M7zH88dpXq9A6tQXZTRY, with a higher fee. **This is very important, you have to select the same input, otherwise both transactions could confirm.** If that tx gets included, the old one becomes invalid, as your coins have already been spend.
3. If you have control of the receiving address, you might try to spend the unconfirmed output again with a very high fee. A miner might then include the low fee tx to be able to collect the higher fee from the second tx. You can just create a new address and spend to yourself for this purpose.
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:00:24


You have to take into account at least two other things in terms of bandwidth: 
A full node should not only have enough bandwidth to receive blocks, but also to relay them to other nodes. For the network to work, at least more than one other node.
Also, new full nodes need to sync the entire block chain before they become fully operational. The bigger the blockchain gets, the longer and the more bandwidth this takes. You certainly want enough bandwidth to sync the chain faster as it grows.


You could do that, but except for miners that would not change much. You'd maybe receive the next block a little faster, but unless you are mining, that is not very important.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:10:10
Something will happen slowly, as people start using segwit txes. Not all wallets support or expose using segwit txes yet, so it may take a couple more days/weeks until the extra blockspace is actully used and fees get lower. I'd expect businesses that procude a lot of txes to switch fast, since they can save some money using segwit txes. 
But I'd guess a lot of people are also playing it safe and wait for confirmation that segwit works, and no one has problems with spending from segwit addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:16:18
Sad as it is, you are probably right. The way all this fork-fest has gone done so far actually prooves your point. 
Maybe I am somewhat idealistic about this, but I'd really like it if poeple had a good amount of reliable info here r/bitcoin to make up their own mind about the actual arguments, without having to filter through layers of propanda-shit-fests. (which is what I feel whenever I scroll through r/btc). But that is probably an unrealistic expection in the long run.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:57:22


Well, the end game is to provide a trustless off-chain peer-to-peer network for (micro-)payments with low fees, instant confirmations, much higher tx throughput than any blockchain can provide alone, and better privacy.
A side effect of which is that it *reduces* on-chain fees. Cause the more txes move off chain, the less fee pressure we have.
@_date: 2017-08-27 22:08:49
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:11:42
Yes, you can import those keys. Create a new wallet, select "restore" and copy your keys into the text field.
Just like it is explained here: 
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:57:01
If it doen't get a connection to the network and can't sync, it does not know about newer transactions / blocks, that's probably why it show a 0 BTC balance.
I don't know why MacOS won't let you update, sry I have no expierence with that OS. 
Probably best to copy the wallet.dat to the PC, then wait until its synced. Then you should have your correct balance and can spend from it.
@_date: 2017-08-27 05:04:51
seems to be there usual tactic to project their frame of mind on others, acusing others of doing what they're doing.
Whenever I correct misinformation over there I get shouted at "shill", "puppet", "paid by blockstream", and downvoted to oblivian.
@_date: 2017-08-25 01:02:27
most of the time, how many inputs and outputs the transaction has.
For example, if your wallet has received two transaction with 0.1 BTC output each, and you want to send 0.2 BTC, you need to have two inputs with two signature in your transaction to send them. If you had received only one 0.2 BTC tx before, one would suffice.
Also, if you want to send 0.15 BTC, you'd have two outputs, since you have to pay 0.5 BTC change back to yourself.
Other factors are what kind if signatures and tx types you use, but they are the usually same for most normal transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:39:07
This is not really safe. 
A better way is to user proper encryption like BIP32 encryption. You could use  to encrypt your key with that method.
Or you could encrypt it with any other secure encryption method, like putting it in a text file and use GnuPG to encrypt the file, before you upload it anywhere.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:00:44
Only the seggregated part of a segwit tx can go into the extra space. So that will get used, when people actually use segwit txes, then the mempool can get empties and fees go down.
I'd guess that happens, when a good chunk of the popular wallets are out with releases that lets you spend with segwit txes. Or if companies who create a lot of txes switch to segwit.
So far, there very only very few actual segwit txes in the blocks:
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:10:54
There is no reason that services cannot pop up, that use multisig txes to provide escrow like payment services based on bitcoin.
And why wouldn't it be possible to give credit in bitcoin? If you have the coin, you can lend them. If you do KYC and stuff, you can legally go after people who do not repay their dept, just as credit institutions do today. Not that I'd particualarily such services, but it is technically possible.
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:21:29
Hmm, could you write a prediction that the 2x fork is *not* going to happen next? Oh and add a moon price prediction, while you're at it? /s
No really, good forsight. You may have barely understood UASF, but you had a good grasp of the dynamics at play here!
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:01:11
Ah yes, that anwers your question quite well. As I kinda though, you need to explicitly derive the segwit addresses from the derived keys. And you are right, the derivation scheme changes a bit, at least at the edges.
But the BIP seems simple enough to implement, so I'd expect any wallet that currently support BIP44 and adds segwit support, should easily be able to do this.
One important thing to note in [BIP49]( is that it encourages to create separate accounts/master seeds for segwit addresses to avoid confusion when deriving with software that does not support segwit (approach 2. under "Considerations"):




This also means, if you still have funds in old addresses, you need to keep beackups of both master keys, for old and new addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:00:28
I'm sure the fees will go down, but probably not as low as BCH levels, or even LTC, Dogecoin levels. But I think it will be enough to mitigate some of the current problems with long confirm times and people trying to send &lt;100$ txes, wondering why it is so expensive.
I am with you, the second layer solutions are the really interesting potential game changers. LN will give us competative fees and the fastest transaction time possible. 
I view Segwit's blocksize increase more of a short term messure to "buy us some time" until they are ready and adopted, as well as maybe a cautious trial run for bigger blocks, to see how they impact the network – data to be refered to, if we'd ever need to ramp it up again far in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:55:53
I don't know what the segwit2x people are thinking about what would happen if they actually get rid of the core devs. How more improvements and innovations are supposed to happen "quickly" – they are complaining even today that core is too slow, but how would that look without them?
I mean, contrary to what the anti-blockstream propaganda wants up to think, core is not like *one of* many big dev teams out there – it is a *network of most of the people resarching and coding in the field*, period. Almost everybody who is working on new features or use cases has some kind of connections to core, discusses his/her stuff on bitcoin-dev, writes up BIPs, codes patches for core and reviews from core devs or people related. Its a proven network of &gt;100 people, researchers, contributors, long time devs etc.
How do you continue the process of resarching, implementing, testing etc. those thinks without that? How do those companies think their coin would get new goodies, that keeps the news and the influx of new users going? I have no idea what they are thinking.
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:32:55
could actually be for dumping BCH, 40.000 BCH moved from the same address as well:
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:29:44
but but but, he wrote a forum post where he explained how you could theoretically raise it if you wanted to with a hard fork. So cleearly, that must be his  "vision"!!11! /s
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:02:20
1. your implementation would work, but can actually be improved to save some open/close txes (see below)
2. yes, both parties can send the closing tx any time. However, without the consent from both, the funds will be locked for a time specified while opening the channel. This is to prevent anyone from trying to steal funds by publishing the closing tx of a previous channel state (you have a chance to "override" that tx with another one, that will actually penalize that attempt to steal by giving you all the funds from the channel).
3. Channels are bi-directional. So if you'd receive funds through your channel, it can be re-loaded without an on-chain tx. In your example, if your exchange supported withdrawels via lightning, you might just send the coins from the exchange to your LN wallet.
4. yes, there is no reason to open/close, unless you want to spend them on-chain or there is some kind of issue with the other party you opened the channel with. (for example, they want to high a fee, or they went offline and dont relay your txes anymore)
5. a) yes, that's even better than going through the exchange. They can just send you your wage through LN - it will be routed to your payment channels and fill them up again.
5. b) Yes
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:12:33
if you have a bitcoin core node, you can use the **sendrawtransaction** command in the debug console, to push it directly to the p2p network.
Otherwise, posting you signed tx on a website should be safe. You publish the tx to the p2p net anyway. No one can change anything of importance without invalidating the signatures.
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:13:23
1. well, if the main chain is comparativly affordable and users go back to on-chain txes, the fees will rise again, so users start to go use LN again. So have some kind of market that balances this out perhaps. 
2. Yes there is this fear of "hubs" out there, that is by people hating on LN turned into the false assumption that hubs are a requirement. But they aren't, you can have a mesh like network and route everything. However, since having more coins allows you to open more channels, route more txes and thus collect more fees, there is a valid point that big hubs could emerge. People who value there privacy and decentralization need to be aware of that and we must provide routing algos that allow you to easily avoid them.
3. I don't know why you would need to lock up $100 to move $10. If you open a payment channel, the amout you put in, you can pay to someone else. Minus fees of course. So if there were $90 fees, then this would be true. But fees on LN will be by definition lower than on-chain fees – otherwise there is no reason to use it. And on-chain fees will drop the more txes move off-chain.
4. No, not really. Whether I hold my coins in a regular hot wallet, or in a LN channel make no big difference to me. I can always cash out if I want to. In both cases that is only publishing one on-chain tx away. I personally would probably keep everything that I now have in a hot wallet in LN channels, once LN is as widely accepted as BTC itself. That is, my daytrading coins and coins I use for shopping. – and my HODL stash in a cold wallet as before.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:50:04
Liquid is a sidechain. Your quote from Adam Back shows that they want to develop something that is *not the bitcoin main chain* as a settlement network, at best. You're emphasis is misleading, let me fix that for you:


@_date: 2017-08-22 08:50:20
Block are currently full, which pushes up the fees, so if you are not on the upper range it takes a while longer before your tx gets into a block.
The BCH fork did not change anything there really. However, currently some miners have switched to BCH, which means less hashpower, which means longer average block times. (about 12,5min instead of 10min at the moment), which in turn means less blockspace per time.
However, today BCH will have a difficulty retarget, which will make it much less profitable to mine – miners will probably come back.
Also, in thursday segwit will activate, which will increase the number of txes that can be put into a block, once people start using it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 16:04:08
well we have about a 2x increse starting next thursday with segwit. Even if the tx demand would double per year – that would give as a year. I don't think it will actually be years, more like months.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:07:03
on-chain fees will most likely drop as well, due to the increased block space. At least, once people update their wallets and start using segwit txes. But how much, hard to say.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:55:27


When it is sent *from* a segwit address
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:54:11
if you want to create an offline paper wallet, you can use 
The most secure way is to download the zip-file of the website, put it on a USB stick and open it with a browser on a non networked PC, so that there is no chance your generated keys ever leave your PC. (preferebly use a Linux USB boot DVD/stick).
To check the funds you could go to blockchain.info an enter your public address.
I would also suggest to make a test run with a small amount, then see that you can import the private key in an online wallet and everything works. Then generate a new private key with a new address to do the actual paper wallet. 
If you want an offline wallet on a non-networked computer, use the Armory wallet. Armory allows you to run on a non-networked computer, storing the keys there – only used to sign transactions if you want to retrieve funds. 
You can export a "watch only" wallet to another PC that is online, to see your balance, generate new receive addresses or to create an unsinged transaction, that you can copy to your offline mashine for signing only (USB stick), and then copy back to acutally send from the online wallet. Your keys then never need to be on the machine connected to the internetl.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:04:41
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:39:04
Nice find! I was hoping for eventual integration into standard bitcoin wallets – did not expect it so soon!
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:34:27
maybe adopted by big blocks /s
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:15:17
miners would still need a way to publish their mined blocks to the network somehow. As far as I understand it, the sat network is downlink only. So they would need some internet connection – although this allowes it to work even with very low bandwidths.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:38:18
here is a good overview of trust-worthy wallets and their features / security properties:
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:44:46
No, the problem is not that the transactions aren't relayed fast enough – but that the blocks are full. More nodes do not make the blocksize or the number of txes you can fit in a block bigger.
When segwit activates on thursday, we will have more blockspace and fees will go down, once people start using it (by using a segwit enabled wallet that generates segwit txes).
However, running more nodes is always good for the safety of the network. Beeing more decentralized makes it harder to attack the network, or for anybody to not relay your txes. It is also good for you if you receive payments – since you can be sure that the txes you receive actually confirm on the chain, without trusting anyone else that tells you so. 
So if you can, run a full node!
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:25:19
You're welcome &lt;:-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:01:36
what you describe is a simple payment channels.
Lightning is a *network of* payment channels. Transactions get routed through the payment channels of multiple interconnected nodes.
For example, if you'd have a payment channel with your friend who has a payment channel with walmart. And walmart has a payment channel with burger king. You could pay burger king, the tx would get routed through the hops:
You -&gt; your friend -&gt; walmart -&gt; burger king
LN wallets will be able to figure out possible routes and select them automatically for you. For example, based on what is the cheapest route in fees.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:57:20
It is not smaller in actual bytes. But the witness part of the transaction (the signatures) are counted less. So the fee is effectively counted as if the tx was smaller, if you'd wanted to look at it that way.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:45:49
All their updates are also beeing tweeted here:
those are the latest updates regarding refunds (google translated from russian):
According to this, we get 55% of our coins back (probably early september), and the rest in BTE tokens – just like bitfinex did after the hack. The tokens can probably be traded. BTC-e itself will try to get the funds back and then buy back the tokens. At least that is what they claim they will be trying to do. No guarantee that they can achieve this.
On bitcointalk there is a long discussion thread about all of this, that started right after btc-e went down:
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:47:34
nope, still not the end of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:26:41
Yes, I don't doubt Jeff's expertise. Sorry  (to Jeff) if that came off otherwise.
With ressources I ment specifically "human ressources" or knowledge, not just money (which core probably doesn't have that much), but a lot more than 1 good programmer who has a good understanding and experience in working on a consensus layer, blockchain tech etc. Just hiring *some* more poeple will not help, at least short term, if this stuff is new to them. 
At least what I think of as "core" is a network of long term devs, researchers and other committers – not just "OMG blockstream!!1!" – which is a big chunk of those poeple that have been working in the field for quite a while. 
But of course, people can switch over and there are others. So this does not really counter your very valid point. I just haven't seen a bitcoin dev community yet that could rival core's (looking at all the forked clients in the past) and find it hilarious how some of the fork-proponents think, we just get rid of some core devs, and off we go.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:06:33
Glad I could help!
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:59:36
You have some valid points that need to be carefully examined, since we really do not want that kind of centralisation. Here are some points I would make to counter some of them:


Opening/closing channels does not have to be a tedious manual task. Wallets can provide algorithms to suggest opening channels, taking different characteristics of different possible routes into account you want to have from them: privacy, connectivity, fees etc. You may, just as an example, provide a slider like with the fees currently, that goes more towards privacy on the one side (longer routes, smaller hops), an lowest fees on the other (shorter routes, maybe through 'hubs').


You can have the same with multiple channels. If you assume there is more than one route available, even if one channels does not have enough founds, you could send multiple txes – and wallets again could automate that. Similar to have an on-chain tx with multiple inputs. That is a tad bit more expensive, but so is an on-chain tx with multiple inputs – assuming the LN fee is very low, that is not that bad.
But there is another incentive to open more than one channel you did not mention: If you have more than 1, your channels can themselves be used to route payments of others. So especially if you lock up a good chunk of your money in LN, you would want to do that with multiple channels, since you can collect LN fees for doing routing with them – if this is open long enough, you get back more than you pay for the on-chain fees.


I don't see how that dynamic would really stand. You only need one other route to go around that mega-hub. So assuming it would ever come to this state, if people become dissatisfied with the hub and its policies/increased fees, they can either use/create other smaller hubs, or open direct payment channels between themselves – ultimately recreating a mesh network that can route all the transactions around the hub, with somewhat more hops. 
And that might still be cheaper than paying the increased hub fees, if you explicitly do it with lower fees. So I don't see that they could really rump up the fees by much, either. It is an open market, that will immediatly generate the incentive to compete with that hub with lower fees.


That would only be a privacy issue, if you really have a network where you always only have 1 hop in between (your mega-hub), which everyone else is connected to. Otherwise the hub cannot tell whether its peers are routing for others, or themselves. Granted, that is indeed the premise of your example.
Even though I do not think that such a mega-hub would ultimately emerge, it theoretically could. To mitigate that, we should provide routing algorithms that people can choose from, to maximize privacy or minimize fees. You'd then be able to never send a tx with less than x hops, if you value your privacy. (and you'd probably want a default setting of &gt;2 hops in between, unless you explicitly open a channel with a party).
You could even allow the algorithm to open new payment channels, to satisfy your needs, thus creating a network wide mechanism for creating well connected small nodes in a mesh-like network without single-points of mega-connectivity – that works even if there are those mega-hubs besides them, that you can just ignore. 
Such algo is probably not trivial and I certainly haven't spec'd that out in my head, but people resarching in the crypto space are quite good at playing these things through and come up with algos and incentives to make such a thing possible.
*One last point:*


Yes it is more costly than not doing it, but I want to make another thing clear, that people often have a misconception of when talking about "settlement". I don't think you made that point, but I often read something along the lines of settling will be so super expensive, that only big players will ever be able to settle something.
But when we talk about settling or closing/opening channels, we talk about on-chain fees. And they will not magically go to &gt;$100 because of LN, quite the opposite. If LN gets widely adopted, the on-chain fees will go down significantly in the coming years, since the on-chain tx demand goes *down*. That means, settling will be more exensive than an LN tx, but probably cheaper than normal on-chain tx today. So we are talking likely &lt;$1 to open/close to ensure your privacy or to get away from an abusive hub, not throwing away all your money for it.
The on chain fees would only go up again, if the user base explodes and the blockchain is filled only with open/close txes alone. If we have that massive increase in users, and we don't have additional ideas to mitigate that, I think it is actually the time to just increase the darn blocksize. 
Because yes, if settlings is not affordable, LN wouldn't work at all – you need to be able to publish to the blockchain, otherwise all the guarantees we win by having a trustless system on top of it, would be void.
@_date: 2017-08-19 02:05:12
1. the usual fees. Probably significantly lower once LN is adopted by a significant amount of bitcoin users, since it can theoretically massively reduce the on-chain tx coin, and thus the fee pressure.
2. no. LN is basically a p2p network like the bitcoin p2p network. Everybody can route transactions, if you have 2 or more payment channels open and whish to do so.
3. Any balance you like, basically. That only depends on how much the on-chain fee drops, since you need to do one on-chain tx to open a channel at the usual bitcoin tx fee.
4. That would be reasonable to do. Some time in the future, once LN transactions are widely accepted, there is less reason to cash out.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:07:09


Oh yes there is hope for that. Once you open some payment channels, the peers you connect to know that you exist. If you happen to be between two segments of the network that a transaction needs to traverse, it can be routed though your node.
People even some hops removed that never heard of you and never opened a channel with you could route their txes through your node. They (simplified) ask their neighbors how to get to distant place X, they ask you, as the guy in the next town, you ask the next, until a route is found. (well or until mutiple are found and then you pick the cheapest one, if you want to save fees).
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:54:30
 has blocks/hr, retarged time estimate and current difficulty.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:48:37
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:29:08
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:34:17
Yes, correct. BCH could implement it as well, if they wanted, but most of the BCH fans don't like segwit very much, so that's unlikely to happen.
One of the reasons for creating the BCH fork was that they actually did not want segwit. They wanted to just increase the blocksize, by a bigger amount, without all the extras segwit brings – and without the backwards compatibilty (hard fork instead of soft fork).
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:02:43
I don't know how anyone could operate such a hub and convince anyone from opening a channel – since every LN node can do that with any other, there will be competition from nodes with sane, lower fees.
Also, the on-chain fees will drop due to LN, not rise, the more txes are moved off-chain. In the long run they might rise again, of course, if blocks get full again. But that would need a massive increase in the user base. 
And without off-chain solutions, that fee would be 100x higher, cause everybody would need to make their txes on-chain. Even a 8x increase is nothing aggainst what LN can provide in throughput increase.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:28:54


Not a problem.


No, you can update without loosing any coins. 
Your keys are stored in the "wallet.dat" file in the data directory of bitcoin-qt. On Linux, this is in your home folder in ~/.bitcoin/. On other OSes, see here:  
This is the file you must keep safe. To be sure, I would make a backup copy before updating, but normally nothing should happen to it.


Hmm, could be that your version is really really old. Otherwise it should find other nodes to connect to, as long as your PC is connected to the internet of course. Probably best to try updating bitcoin-qt.


No, that is not enough for the blockchain. You need around 150GB or so.
If you want to change to another wallet software anyway, you might as well just copy your private keys to your other wallet. Then you don't need to fully sync the blockchain first. 
But this is a bit more complicated than sending a transaction. This is how you get the keys:  In your new wallet, you find some option to import keys. Depends on what wallet you're using of course.
If you have another bitcoin-qt on another device that should be your new wallet, then you can just copy over the wallet.dat file.
If not, and you don't want to fiddle with the private keys, its probably best to install bitcoin-qt on another computer with a bigger harddrive (or an external drive), and copy over the wallet.dat file, sync and then send.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:43:46
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:38:19
That should work. 
All your customers see is that they pay to an address you provide on your website. Preferably a newly generated address from your wallet for each invoice, so its not obvious what is in your wallet.
All you'd have to do is ocassionally transfer some of your coins from your wallet to the credit card provider to reload your card.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:25:16
if that is true, we can only hope that this won't go on for long. If people move to segwit txes, at some point it gets more profitable for miners to include them, since they can stick more txes in the blocks and collect those fees. Of course, that incentive is not there yet with so few segwit transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:26:00
We just did with segwit. If everybody would use segwit txes right now, we'd have a max blocksize of about 2-4MB. More than double of what we had until yesterday. (How much exactly depends on the txes people create, because segwit weights signature data (witnesses) less, i.e. if more txes with lots of signatures are in the block, it can get closer to the 4MB. The expected average is about 2.3MB).
We're now only waiting for wallets to get updated to enable segwit. The first releases are already out. Don't know why that wasn't done before the activation already.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:08:02
I'd sure hope so! That would have other advantages as well: After every trade, you could immediatly withdraw to your wallet via LN. No need to have you coins longer on an exchange than neccessary. If you want to trade again, send it back. That back and forth could be done in a single channel easily. 
Also, very nice for arbitrage. Instantly transfer from one exchange to another.
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:39:18
Oh, and one thing that cannot be mentioned often enough these days: 
That increase to up to 4MB was considered a compromise with the 
'big-blockers' back then. The weight could have been chosen in other ways, such that the blocksize would not increase much. There were some voices from core devs on bitcoin-dev that did not want to increase it that much.
However, segwit was ultimatly considered a good way of doing the increase, since 
a) it could be done as a softfork, which is less dangerous (less risk of a having two coins afterwards, backwards compatibilty with older nodes), and 
b) the witness data can be pruned from the blockchain after the txes have been validated. This means, you need to download the witness part of the block if you want to validate the chain, but you only need to store the part of the block that is in the original 1MB part of the block. So at least the storage requirements will not explode as much as by just increasing the block size.
c) reducing the UTXO set size with transactions could be encuraged with the new rules. With a segwit tx, it is cheaper to combine a number of inputs to fewer outputs – which mitigates one of the problems with scaling the chain upwards.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:19:07


 




yes, there have been plans for quite a while now. SegWit, which could have been activated a year ago, if miners would not have it held hostage for that long to force their demands for hardforks onto the community, will finally activate in a day or so.
Segwit will raise the blocksize from 1MB to 1.7-4MB (depending on the txes used), thus reducing fees and allow more txes per block, once people start using segwit transactions.
More impartantly even, it lays the technical groundwork to enable trustless off-chain solutions, like the Lighning network – which will massively increase the troughput and provide much lower fees, making micropayments possible (again). LN has been in the works for quite a while now, and those two reasons are part of why. Development is coming along and it is probably a matter of months or so until LN can be used by the general public.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:59:14
If this diff oscillation on BCH continues (no reason not to), it'll probably drop even more when the next adjustment happens, since there's less hashpower in BTC currently.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:30:54
Yes, absolutely. But in combination with LN, this can be significantly reduced. If you assume that a users does, say 100 txes per channel, we only need around 2/100 of block space to provide that amount of throughput (somewhat more, as multisig txes are bigger). So when a bitcoin cash like chain (with only on chain scaling) would need 1G blocks, a LN enabled chain would need about 20MB blocks. (totally example numbers here, i don't know how many txes per channel are realistic). 
I guess we are still far away from that amount of troughput. When we ever reach billions of users, I'd hope that more optimizations are in place and hardware/network connectivity is there to increase the block size to sustainable levels that could handle that.
But it could be, that we'll need more or even better off-chain ideas when it gets that big. But there will be some years of coming up with more, i'm sure.
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:43:40


A lot of the wallets have already implemented it before the activation and tested it on the bitcoin testnet. (electrum for example had it working on Jan already). But I guess even those busy devs wanted to make sure everything works properly and probably wanted to test it on the main chain as well, before releasing it to the public.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:43:57
I guess the main issue is to get adoption. SMTP is a horribly outdated protocol, extensions bolted on to oblivian, and still insecure in a lot of regards and absolutely horrendous with respect to privacy  – there are much better solutions out there. bitmessage is one of the attempts to replace it. But getting people to migrate from something so widespread is hard. I'd say that is the main reason why e-mail is here to stay. Well, and maybe the interest of e-mail providers like google, who are glad that they basically can read every message by default and use that for profitable analyses.
Hacked e-mail accounts on the other hand are more of a problem of people's security practice, than e-mail protocols themselves. Most hacks are people reusing poor passwords, not having 2-FA etc. Or in some cases maybe security holes in the infrastructure of email providers, but that's rather less common I think. Though, with proper encryption by default, the effects of that could be better mitigated, I guess.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:24:16
You can send to another address in the wallet
@_date: 2017-08-27 13:50:16


Yes, that is correct.


Yes, if you have 1 BTC in that wallet, then you also own 1 BCH, which are currently worth around 0.137 BTC each. So if you had an amount of BTC worth exactly £1000, you'd have another £137 worth of BCH.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:52:55
Electrum uses mBTC as the default unit (mili-BTC or 1/1000 BTC). You can change that in the settings.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:18:30
Well, if people move txes to LN that they otherwise did on-chain, people will make a lot less on-chain txes. So one of the effects of LN adoption would be to lower fees for on-chain transactions.
This trend only reverses, if we have a massive influx of new users, such that there are more channel open/close txes, than we had on-chain txes before.
In that case I'd say it is actually time to increase the block size limit. But if LN actually gets widely adopted, that is years in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:16:29
oh come on, this misnaming things isn't really helpful. Its only antagonizing without making a real argument. It actually reminds me of those cutsy "word plays" that alt right people keep doing, trying to sound smart and funny, while beeing childish. (not trying to put you into that basket, just saying that the tactics of using "core coin", "borgstream!1!!" etc. is trying to put unfounded assertions and conspiracy theories into short "self-evident sloagans", that don't need evidence.)
We can point out that BTH is dominated by centralized mining pools or miners, without copying the tactics of the pro-fork propaganda.
@_date: 2017-08-27 22:02:19
If you adjust to fast, it can be more easily gamed and would oscillate more due to the random nature of block times. But a significantly smaller window would probably work okay.
The reason why it is this way is, well, thats the value Satoshi orginally picked. To change it, a hard fork would be required.
There was in interesting talk on the last scaling bitcoin conference from a guy who simulated smaller windows and experimented with better algorithms. If I remember correctly, his possible sweet spot was about 60 blocks or so:
[Mark Friedenbach - Fast difficulty adjustment using a low-pass finite impulse response filter](
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:30:42
yeah, I don't share that view either. I think the blocksize increase we'll now get with segwit is managable. And hopefully will reduce the fee pressure enough, until Lightning network is ready. When LN gets adopted, blocks will probably get a lot smaller again, and we will have a long time until we need to consider increasing it again.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:25:12
mostly because [mining BCH is not more profitable anymore]( than mining BTC, cause that BCH price has gone down so much.
The [hashrate on BTC is now almost back to normal]( so we appearantly do have just enough block space to mine every new transaction.
"spamming" means poeple generating lots of transaction with very low fees, but lots of data in it, to make it look like the network is overloaded and can't keep up. Whenever the debate get heated, for example as the NYA agreement was published, the number of such transactions suddenly went through the roof. Which is why some people believe this is done deliberatly to strengthen the argument aggainst bitcoins block size limit.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:38:03
Fees are high, because the blocks are currently very full. There is a block limit of 1MB, that most blocks fill up – so people "compete" about blockspace or faster inclusion with higher fees.
It is seen as a problem. And solutions are on the way. On Thursday segwit will activate, which will among other things increase the maximum block size, and thus reduce the fee pressure. How quickly they will go down depends on how fast people update their wallets and switch to sending segwit transactions.
For the long term, there is the lighning network in development. LN will allow more transactions by multiple orders of magnitute, and LN transactions will have massively lower fees. LN is off-chain and, somewhat simplified, "collapses" multiple txes into few on chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-11 13:18:00
Go to Wallet Properties -&gt; Export Wallet. Then choose "export key list". It will print you out all the private keys for each generated address.
You should be able to import those in other wallets.
With bitcoin core you would go to the debug console and type "importprivkey "&lt;KEY&gt;"), while &lt;KEY&gt; is the private key in the PrivBase58 format. But of course bitcoin core also downloads the entire blockchain.  
I Never used electrum, so I do not know how to import it with that wallet, but I guess all good wallets should be able to import private keys in that format.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:21:35
I don't think so. All the segwit txes I sent confirmed immediatly. Even with very low fees.
The main reason I suppose is that most wallets don't yet support it.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:21:32
here is one article I could find with some usage statistics, but it is already 2 years old and some wallets are missing in the list, since it is hard to find data on them:
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:17:11
woo hoo! 
Right back you guys, need to step over here for a sec and update some software ...
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:20:20
Sadly, there is not much you can do if coinbase does not answer your questions. No one else than coinbase has control over your coins. Maybe you can tweet to them publicly, so that the pressure to handle this issue rises.
Otherwise, you can only hope that some miner eventually includes your tx. But that chance is really low. You may be lucky, if the tx fees drop and block size increases due to the activation of segwit tomorrow. But I'd not expect the fees to drop down to that level, honestly.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:25:40
we'd need to change the crypto algorithms for tx signing. But that needs to happen in advance, since any unspend output generated with a key that becomes crackable with quantum computing would be at risk of beeing stolen.
But that is still far out I'd think, so there is enough time to introduce alternative signing algos in time.
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:11:03
Depends on the type of paper wallet you created. If it is just the private key, you can import the private key to any wallet that supports it. In bitcoin-qt you need to go to to the debug console and type 
    importprivkey "&lt;your_key&gt;"
&lt;your_key&gt; is the letters either scanned from the QR code or as written down on the paper wallet.
In Electrum, for example, you go to "sweep private key" and enter the key there.
If you have a paper backup with seed words, you open whatever wallet you used to create them, and find an option to restore from seed. In Electrum for example, this is done by creating a new wallet and select restore from seed.
If your paper wallet is BIP38 encrypted, you'll probably need to decrypt the key first. If you, for example used bitcoinpaperwallet.com to create the wallet, download that page again, open it locally with a brower, and enter the encrypted key. It will ask for your password and give you the unencrypted version back.
Once you have done so, you can send the coins from that wallet to the deposit address of an exchange.
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:31:44
everybody will be able to run a LN node that wants to. As long as you lock up some bitcoin in more than one channel, you can route transactions for others – and even gain a little fee for it (expected to be much lower than the on-chain fee). Since everybody can do that and even earn some money for unused funds lying around, the incentive to run a lighning node is a lot higher than running a bitcoin full node. So chances are, decentralization of LN is a much smaller problem than it is for bitcoin full nodes.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:34:31
Currently only a few wallets have been released with sending segwit txes enabled. I guess we will see new releases very soon, as most already have an implementation, but where probably cautious and wanted to wait and test before releasing it to the public.
Once the main ones are out and people start updating, we'll see an increase.
There are also companies and exchanges who produce a lot of txes (for withdrawels for example). they need to update thier wallet software or implement segwit txes – I think they have a good incentive to do so soon, cause it saves them fees. But on the other hand, you don't want to rush such a thing too much, if you paying out thousands of bitcoins a day or so. 
There will be some who are going to wait and watch, and move when they are confident that segwit txes work as expected without any unforseen issues.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:21:42


Yes, if the network is segmented, you'd need to open additional channels. At a certain size of the network, that is unlikely to happen often though.


No. Banks can seize your money or refuse to pay out. A LN node cannot. A LN node at worst can go away and leave you coins locked up for the time lock period agreed upon when you opened the channel. 
They are as unequal to other coins as any other coin in a CLTV or CSV transaction. I don't know what locktimes are default in the current implementations, but I'd guess &lt;1 day would usually be enough to prevent the other party from publishing and old state.
@_date: 2017-08-19 15:46:55
As I said, segwit will give us the equivalent of 2.4-4MB blocks already. Next Thursday. We could have had those bigger blogs for a year already. The whole 2MB thing is misleading, because it will bump from 1 to up to 8MB.
We may eventually need to increase the blocksize again, as I said, but lets see how far segwit and the off-chain solutions get us.
And yes, 8MB blocks are a big deal in comparison to 1MB blocks. Its already tedious to sync a full node. 8MB blocks not only will increase the bandwidth demands for a running full, they will also massively increase the blockchain size overall.
This could potentially be mitigated by UTXO commitments or similar things in the future, but let's develop those things first before we increase the block size AGAIN.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:31:56
When miners put your transaction into a block, they get the fee you payed for that tx. 
They collect the miner reward plus the fees with the first transaction in a block (called coinbase transaction), that pays that sum to themselves. This of course must conform to the consensus rules, otherwise the block is invalid – they cannot put any arbitrary number in there.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:25:46
Yes, that is correct. Each miner constructs a block out of a bunch of transactions and then basically starts hashing the block with different nonces in the header, until it finds a block that satisfies the difficulty requirements for it beeing a block with enough proof of work. (longer explanation of that here: 
Each miner competes with all others to find a block with such a hash first. When a block is found, the miner broadcasts it to all others as quickly as he can. If another miner also finds a block in the mean time, both could potentially become the valid chain. That depends on what block all miners base the next block on – the longest chain wins and becomes the valid chain.  The block of the other miner(s) is then considered an orphaned block at that point. (it was a valid block, but there is a longer chain starting with a different block there, so that becomes the valid chain)
@_date: 2017-08-14 21:03:09
Nope, every lightning node can be a "hub". Once you open more than one payment channel you could route payments for others – and even gain some low fees for that service, which provides incentives for a lot of people to do so.
So it will probably be more like the bitcoin p2p network, where you depend on someone in the network (full nodes) forward your transactions, which could be anyone with a wallet, rather than SWIFT with some centrelized "hubs".
Rising fees BTW are, if at all, far in the future. If LN gets adopted and widely used, the on-chain fees will go down, since the demand for blockspace will actually be significanlty lower.
Rising fees above the levels we have now will only become an issue if all the opening/closing channel transactions combined become bigger than the transactions that are moved off-chain due to the introductions of the LN network. In other words, if lighning gets widely used, and IF the userbase increases by 1000x or so, sure, then the fees will rise again. But still a lot less than they would, if all of those people would compete for on-chain transactions on the 2,2-4MB blockspace. (or even if you would max out the 8MB bcache chain, it will be vastly more expensive and allow by orders of magnitute less transanctions than a LN enabled blockchain without a block size increase).
@_date: 2017-08-31 12:03:47
You could use a service like  
You can receive payments in BTC and have them automatically converted to USD though their service, to pay your suppliers.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:17:29
Well he said that, I know. Could be true, could not be. No way for me to know. Could also be that he made this up as an excuse, because his hoax was exposed and he had nothing else to show for. Then he duped you. We have no way to tell one way or another. So I default to what seems more likely to me. 
Don't know why you must get so defensive about it and make your points with insults. Do you have any stake in this? You two buddies or something?
@_date: 2017-08-28 00:25:07
Well boils done to about the same, except that the second node now can serve even less connections. I'd guess any of the two nodes could max out your connection anyway (or the rate limits you set).
Slight advantage in both cases maybe is, if one of your mashines crashes, the network still has a node run by you.
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:07:43
you are very right. We can only hope that all this forking bullshit leads to the users and economic players like exchanges etc. to recognize this soon and resist further such attempts. We can sill avert it, if no one uses fork chains, if no exchange accepts them, they are useless, worthless and harmless to the main chain.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:51:32
you open a payment channel with a multisig transactions **on the blockchain**. You can spend from that output only if you publish the latest state of the channel, which is a transaction signed by both parties of the channel, that can be published to the blockchain at any time – or you can spend it, if the timelock has passed, in case the other party refuses to sign/publis anything, in which case actually can take it all.
This prevents anybody from just taking the coins out.
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:12:04
I'd choose segwit. You will already get lower fees using segwit txes, because there is a fee discount on the witness data for those txes.
Also, the blocksize increase of segwit can only be used, if people are using segwit txes. So if you do, blocks can get bigger and the fee pressure goes down.
Unless there is a fundamental flaw in segwit, which I don't expect there to be, there are no risks.
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:24:07
Yes that is a possibilty. 
No segwit rules enforcing node would follow that chain though. And I don't think a chain with the "feature" of stealing people's money would have much incentive for any coin holder to switch their nodes to. So it would probably die just as any other possible fork that would remove a vital rule that enforces the requirement to proof ownership of private keys to accept a transaction as valid.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:54:48
I think not. 
AFAIK, the private and public keys are the same for segwit or non segwit addresses. The addresses are different though, because they are not hashes of the public key itself, but like with previous P2SH (pay to script hash) addresses, hashes of the redeem script that verifies a transaction signature. 
I'd assume the script for segwit txes is different from the non-segwit scripts, so the address must be different from the old ones, as they result in a different hash.
Not sure if that is 100% correct, but thats how I'd explain to myself why they must have new addresses, and why you must first send a tx to a segwit address, before you can actually use segwit (bacause the script is then only actually reveiled when you spend from that address).
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:06:32
Well, you will certainly like the guy, and if you like him very much in *that* way – it probably just educates you about what your preferences have already been!
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:20:01
Yeah, my low priority txes with lower fees take their time as well. But I'd guess in 8 hours, the mempool will start shrinking again, when the diff oscillation game continues on BCH (again +300% adjustment expected) and miners switch back to BTC, and we have our 10min blocks back: 
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:06:07
What exchange was that?
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:00:25
Hmm, it worked for me a while ago, when I needed to up the fee a bit.
But you're right, I think most nodes reject double spend attempts. Maybe I was lucky to be connected to a node that did not yet have my tx.
@_date: 2017-08-30 03:08:34
Yes, that is the only viable argument. You'd need a lot more than 50% hashing power to make such a reorg attack viable and produce a chain with more work from a block before the segwit activation (or lockin even).
But I've also seen confused arguments from people who have misinterpreted [this talk]( and believe that the witness data is neither part of a block nor of a transaction and could somehow vanish from the network, magically turning a segwit tx into an anyone-can-spend tx.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:51:57
if you are in europe, I would recommend bitstamp.net for trading. In the US coinbase seems to be popular, but I would only use them if you do not want to trade often.
Kraken is popular, but seems to have some issues lately. Bitfinex has a great interface for trading and rather lax KYC requirements. However, not an options for US customers any more.
Unless you do day trading, DO NOT keep your coins on an exchange. Withdraw them to a local wallet. Otherwise you do not have the keys, which give you actual ownership to your coins. If an exchanges goes down or get hacked you loose access otherwise.
If you have a good network connection and lots of hard drive space you can run a full node like bitcoin core. This strengthens the network and is thus also in your best interest.
If you want a lightweight wallet you can of course use electrum or similiar wallets. have a look at bitcoin.org -&gt; get started, there is a good list of wallets, with a good overview of security and performance properties of different wallets. Do not just google for wallet software, there can be fake software around. I would always check the correct homepage address via bitcoin.org first and check the checksums or GPG signatures provided by developers before installing the wallet.
If you have a lot of coins, I would never install a wallet on a windows operation system. Install a Linux OS on your computer (Ubuntu, Debian, Fedore is a good start, if you know stuff about linux already, maybe Arch Linux), or get yourself a second/external harddrive and use a Linux installation for your bitcoin wallet only. Using a Windows were you install stuff left and right daily from potentially untrusted sources is a security risk.
If you use a Linux distro, you can install bitcoin wallets from the distro repos, which gives you further assurance that you've got the right software and get updates automatically when you update the distro.
If you really buy a lot of coin, you might also think about a hardware wallet that stores your keys separate from your hard disks or a paper wallet backup.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:15:04
greetings, comrade ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:57:34
The sender probably sent the 5 BTC to 1DkqN... I guess you are wondering why then there where 5.36888574 BTC transacted in total?
Because you can always only spend the entirety of an output of a previously received transaction, never only a part of it. Wallets combine inputs to match the amout, and send the rest back to themselves into a new address belonging to the wallet. That amount is called 'change', and the adress 'change address'. You can think of it like this: You want to pay $7.50, but only have two 5-dollar bills. So you give $10, and get back $2.50 change.
For this tx: In the wallet there were multiple unspend outputs (amounts this wallet received) to pick from as inputs for this transaction. The wallet choose the 4.99950467 and 0.36938107 as inputs, so that is can spend at least 5 BTC.
Then it created the 5 BTC output, as requested, and sent the rest (0.3686953 BTC) to a change address (back to itself).
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:11:45
There are no subscription fees. This is just yet another piece of misinformation from anti-blockstream conspiracy theorists.
There are two fees involved: To set up a lightning channel, you must first do an on-chain transaction on the blockchain. You pay the normal miner fee for that (this is what the FUD-people are refering to, when they say "subscription fee").
With channels set up, your wallet can route your transaction to the destination through the peers you are connected with. Every lightning node with more than 2 channels can route those transactions and demand a small fee for it. This is the actual lighning fee which is expected to be much lower than the on-chain tx fee.
Since you can route through any other node you want, there will be competition between nodes for the lowest fees. So a fee market will emerge here as well, just as for bitcoin on-cain fees. Where this will end up is hard to say, but it must by definition be lower than the on-chain fee (otherwise there is no real incentive for using LN in the first place).
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:02:03
He'd be a thousand little Satoshis running around, cause he don't like to be centralized 
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:37:20
Well I guess the fees will rise on cash eventually, assuming the chain does not die out and the user base grows. If however they keep increasing the blocksize each time the fees go up, than this won't work. I don't know of any plan for that from the BCH guys – but that is also very far in the future. 
Lightning: Lightning is not a blockchain itself. It sits on top of one. To open or close a payment channel in lightning, you must create an on-chain transaction on the blockchain. So bitcoin+lightning will still have on-chain txes, even if eveybody uses LN. And LN itself does not have any miners. It just passed signed transactions around, that every party in a payment channel CAN publish to the blockchain (closing the channel), but does not have to. It gets upated whenever the balance of a channel changes, and only gets included in the actual underlying blockchain once the channel is beeing closed – and for that the usual on-chain fee has to be paid to miners.
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:13:08
No stable releaeses yet that are ready to be used on mainnet, but you could try it out on testnet:
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:57:37
There was a talk at the last scaling bitcoin conference, where speaker talked about simulating different adjustment periods to find out what are useful and safe: 
If I remember correcly, you could shorten the adjustment period significantly without causing opportunity to game the algo or disrupt anything. I think it was in the &lt;100 blocks range.
That'd probably be much better than EDA, which only goes one direction, and can potentially be games by miners to increase their revenue by artificially cause the conditions for it to active.
@_date: 2017-08-19 15:59:16
theese days, everybody is the 'largest bitcoin exchange', eugh
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:02:25
blockchain.info wallet should be okay, since you can backup your keys. If blockchain.info would go away, you would still have the key.
coinbase is probably fine, but what the OP says applies: if coinbase were to go away, get hacked or just freeze your account, you loose access. Better not keep too many there, only for trading. If you HODL, move them to your wallet.
BTW: you don't need a hardware wallet to store coins on your own devices. You can install a local wallet like electrum, bitcoin core etc, or use a paper wallet for long term storage.
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:49:51
the ironic thing is, that segwit could have been activated months ago, if the pro-bigblock-via-hardfork miners would have just signalled, instead of using the signalling mechanism as a political tool. We could already have blocks equivalent to 2-4MB of the current block size. Doing the throughput increase via segwit was actually exacly this stop gap idea to get us some time.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:48:40
you're absolutely right.
Also, big blockers already have their chain. No need to create two 8MB block chains. 
Friends of smart scaling solutions will have segwit, and soon LN, sidechains and more goodiness like Schnorr sigs, MAST, drivechains etc. to come, once the core devs are no longer harrased and can spend their full time on actually implementing new features again.
Man, everybody could be happy and actually fight for bitcoin/cryptocurrencies again. One can dream...
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:38:44
yes, you're right, that is the main reason. 
But after the last adjustment it was fairly close, so a higher price could have made it a bit more profitable at that point.
 
But still, you're right, the adjustment is indeed the most important factor.
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:32:45
yes, you can send you coins from legacy addresses to segwit addresses, if you want to use segwit txes in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:41:27
The attack vector that is explained in that post is theoretically feasable, yes.
It is true that you have to keep your funds in a hot wallet to operate an LN node. So it is as secure (for yourself) as having a hot wallet.
However, the possibility of someone hacking a hub and actually *stealing funds* can be mitigated by monitoring the blockchain. Even without the hacking, you would want to do that, as the other party (B) could try the same without beeing hacked. 
Anybody can publish the "preimage of the current state" or a previous state of the channel at any time. That is why you either need to watch the blockchain or have a 3rd party doing it for you. Because if that happens (publishing a previous state), you can publish a proof that this state was invalidated and *take all the funds*, as a penalty for that attempt.
This is explained in broad terms here:


incentive to only broadcast the most recent transaction state. This is achieved by having an on­chain dispute mediation window before the funds can be dispersed.
 (p. 1f)
and in more technical terms – and how this can actually be enforces in a multisig transaction script – in this LN paper, section 3.2. (p. 13ff) here:
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:29:15
There was a talk at the last scaling bitcoin conference, where speaker talked about simulating different adjustment periods (and some adjustment algo improvements) to find out what are useful and safe:
If i remember correctly, his optimum was around 60 blocks or so.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:59:45
Nothing really. Segwit is a soft fork that is inherently backwards compatible. Both, the old tx formats as well as the new segwit tx format are still supported. You can still send txes the old style with your wallet, and even receive coins from segwit outputs.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:32:54
If the old china ban doesn't work anymore, we now have the fork threat! There is still a lot of room to create new "fundamental disagreements": 
How about *bitcoin 1minblock*, because hey, it is just so much easier to just change one variable, instead of actually improving the protocol an doing those complicated things core does!
And of course, we need a "compromise" proposal: *bitcoin 5m*! I'm sure satoshi said something somewhere that justifies why that is a much better philosophy!
Or how about a couple of forks to change the diff adjustment? Sure, there is some good argument for diff oscillation, or why we need 5 different fork coins with slightly different adjustment algos.
And hey, while we're at it, here's another developer who knows how to fork in github, let him change the mining reward, just a variable away! Easy way to attract miners for a couple of minutes. Instant drama, garanteed! 
So much potential ...
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:07:45
then send the LN devs a chocolate bar, maybe that makes them work faster on Lightning, which will give you low fees as well as almost instant transactions!
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:05:14
looks like that person mixed up fees and what he wanted to spend. 0.001 would be a more reasonable fee than 0.005, albeit still quite high.
@_date: 2017-08-27 05:25:29
If you don't need to carry it around in your pocket, i'd go for a notebook, raspberry Pi, or a little NUC with a Linux distro on it instead. Preferably with hardware wallet.
Phones get attacked so much more easily.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:08:08


Yes. The additional blockspace can only be used by segwit transactions.


Qute a noticable bit. We are currently down to about 5 blocks/hr, according to this:
So, about 1/6 less throughput at the moment.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:05:27
not as fancy as coin.dance, but: 
@_date: 2017-08-19 18:00:53
sound FUDy to mee. Blockstream has patents for defensive purposes only, see: 
You can use all their parents unter the [Defensive Patent Licence]( which basically says, everybody can use them, but if you do, you cannot use your own patents to go after blockstream or others. It's basically to patents what CopyLeft is to Copyright, hence a good thing that blockstream is doing it.
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:28:42
People who prefer Bitcoin cash claim that the segwit upgrade to bitcoin is insecure and miners could steal funds from people. To make you believe their coin is safer.
OP points to a transaction with a lot of coin, that pays to segwit addresses and dares them to prove their unfounded claim that they could be stolen, for example, by stealing them. Basically a big bug bounty.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:39:42
Yes, well, I did set a low few on those txes, because I can wait, so no big deal for me.
Maybe soon more wallet come out with segwit tx support, or even by default. So could be that we soon get significantly bigger blocks. That should reduce the impact of the miner switching shenanigans.
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:08:55
yes, they all are. Use google translate, works good enough to understand what they are saying IMHO:
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:54:31
Yes, I understood that it was meant as sarcasm. Maybe I was a bit quick at beeing annoyed, because of the constant stream of "you should call it BlockStreamCoin" "CoreCoin", "crippleCoin", "segshitCoin" etc. posts from the other side, especially on that other sub – thus my first reaction was, oh please, do not do the same. But I see your very valid point.
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:35:48
btc-e was shut down by US authorities. They seized some of the fiat funds, some servers and probably some hot wallets – as well as thet btc-e.com domain.
btc-e promises to come back in September or at least allow for withdrawels of some of the funds. See their tweets: 
and in particular those posts:
According to this, we get 45% of our coins back immediatly, and the rest in BTE tokens – just like bitfinex did after the hack. The tokens can probably be traded. BTC-e itself will try to get the funds back and then buy back the tokens. At least that is what they claim they will be trying to do. No guarantee that they can achieve this. But I think one can believe them that they a are going to try – otherwise, why bother tweeting this.
On bitcointalk there is a long discussion thread about all of this, that started right after btc-e went down:
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:29:25
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:27:28
That probably means theat the node blockchain uses dropped the tx from its mempool. That does not mean that every node does that, but it reduces the chance for the tx to confirm, assuming most miner nodes do the same at some point.
Well, I think you still have a good chance to see your coins again though. If this tx does not confirm, coinbase has not really given you the coin. So if nothing helps, you should send a lawyer to knock at their door. Especially if it is a good amount of money that makes it worth it. But I would wait a bit longer before doing that, maybe their customer service is just emberassingly slow.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:07:02
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:36:45
The litecoin devs made a status update video and talk about LN status here:
First versions are running on the litecoin testnet. But they still consider it alpha. AFAIK they are currently in the stage stabilizing the specs. And not all of the routing stuff is implemented yet. The first GUIs are beeing worked on, but not yet really in a finished state – I would say more than a month, before you can actually use it on any main chain.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:34:12
fair enough
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:10:41
it will. But so far, few wallets let you send segwit txes. There will hopefully some releases soon to fix that
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:13:05
yes in that case you have a good chance. Could be that miners tried exactly that on the last EDA adjustments. But hard to tell at what times they actually mined the next blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:55:15
Yes. And as far as I understand what the lightning devs are currently developing, those algorithms are supposed to create channels to preserve a mesh-like network structure, preventing any kind of centralized point of failure.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:09:50
they are probably a bit more conservative on adjusting it down. Probably base the fee calc on a longer time span.
At least, I would if I were them – if peoples tx'es get stuck, they get a flood of support tickets. And they seem to be overwhelmed with them already.
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:06:01
Ah okay. I misread that. All the better, good job by the trezor people!
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:21:26
You are gravely misinformed about how lightning works. Let me clear this up a bit:


You do not pay a subscription fee to any corporation, other than miners. You open a channel by creating a good old on-chain transaction on the bitcoin blockchain. The "subscription fee" you are refering to, is the usual transaction fee to the miners.
Lighning channels can be created between every lightning node there is and willing to accept channels with others. So you do not need to rely on any specific corporation or gatekeeper to enter the network.


That is as uninforcable as it is to require KYC/AML from people running bitcoin full nodes.
If someone wants paperwork from you to open a payment channel, you just route around them. Open a payment channel with another node that can route your payment. All you need is one route. You can even directly connect with the receiving side to create one.


That is also impossible. Lightning is trustless just as bitcoin is, and that means, no one except yourself has control over your funds. If a node you opened a payment channel goes away, you just broadcast a channel closing transaction to the bitcoin network and get the balance of your channel back into your bitcoin wallet.


As stated above, that will not happen. Quite the opposite: Since LN operates off-chain, it provides *more* privacy. Only your peer nodes can see what payments you make. There is no public blockchain that can be analyzed. If you route your transactions through more than one hop, no one know who payd whom. A hop in the chain can only see that the previous hop either created or routed a tx, and the next hop received this tx, either for themselves, or routing it further. That's why its called "onion routing".
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:23:56
Oh, one idea what you could try: spend the output of the unconfirmed transaction with a high fee. Just generate a new adress and send from the address used for the withdrawl with a high fee. It may be that a miner wants to collect that fee, and does include the previous tx together with the new one to be able to do so.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:57:22
no one can force you to use visas or paypals nodes. You could theorectially just ban any route that goes through them.
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:43:12
What a wonderful description of the guy:


Maybe one should first learn about what kind of scam artist he is, before listening to his talk:
(also to no surprise, currently [beeing shilled up in that other sub](
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:27:45
You could try to double spend the transaction with a higher fee.
This is how you'd do it in bitcoin-qt:
* You look the transaction id up in the detailes of your unconfirmed tx. 
* You go to he debug console and enter this to remove the transaction from your wallet:
    abandontransaction &lt;txid&gt;
* Now you go to send and create a new transaction with higher fee. Enable CoinControl to select *the same inputs* used for the old transaction. (you may have to enable coinControl in settings -&gt; wallet -&gt; coin control). This is very important, otherwise you may send the same amout twice, if both transactions confirm.
* To figure out which inputs where used for the previous transaction, you can for example use a blockchain explorer of your choosing and look what inputs are used in the tx, i.e. which were the txids of previously received transactions you spend from
**Edit:** some wallets also implement the Replace-by-fee (RBF) mechanism. If you have one of those, there is probably and RBF checkbox or something like that that, if you have checked that, you should have an option in your wallet to up the fee.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:06:08
hmm, isn't that a bit premature? in cryptocurrency time, this is still far in the future – and not even clear yet who's ultimately on board with the fork, and thus, whether we really need to fear for those forkers damaging the trust in bitcoin, or whether we just end up with yet another altcoin not worth the blood pressure.
@_date: 2017-08-30 23:19:36
It's a scam.
Only trust info you get from sources known to be still in control by btc-e guys, like their twitter account:
This is their latest update (google translated):
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:53:09
fair enough. Though I must say, to put it politely, my trust in google is pretty much in the lower range as well.
If there should be an actor with a big voice doing PR to defend bitcoin, it'll probably better be a non-profit organization or something along those lines, rather than a any sized company, which of course always has selfish interests one way or another. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:51:12
They think BCH is the bitcoin as "Satoshi envisioned it in the whitepaper" and whatnot, so I'd guess they would call them that
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:37:28
Thanks for the additional info. You're right, that of course is also a passage that fits their interpretation of the 'holy book' of satoshi's quotes.
And I share your fealing regarding it sounding like a religious idea. Although, for a lot of them, I think it is just a talking point that can easily be dopped, once it does not fit the narrative any more.
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:23:35
Well, the only problem I could see with big players that have a big chunk of coins is that they can create big hubs, connect to everybody and their kitchen sinks and lure people with low fees. This would put them in a position where a lot of txes get routed through them, since they can provide very short routes.
This could be a concern for privacy, since they have a wide view of the network. You'd also ideally want more than one route available for robustness. And of course too much would depend on that node staying up. Otherwise loads of people have to close channels at once, which causes congestion.
This can be mitigated though, I think. For starters, you'd want your routes to be longer that 1 hop in between to ensure that no one in the chain can know who's paying who. I'd expect there to be some kind of routing algo selection option in wallets where you can increase privacy or minimize fees, whatever you prefer.
Also you could implement automatic channel opening algorithms, that can optionally be enabled, that figure out the best way to open channels to other nodes. They can be designed so that the network stays in a more mesh-like configuration. As far as I understood the release notes from the last lnd alpha relese, they are working on something like that already.
Thats about what I can think of what they could do. If such a hub exists and becomes dangerous for some other reason – there is always the option to route around them, just encurage blacklisting them, so people do not open payment channels with them. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:24:38
I use this one:  Was the chepeast at the time I compared them.
What you shoud know: they usually take monthly fees from you, and to use them with higher amounts, you need to go through a verification process.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:19:26
With the Lightning Network.
It will allow for much lower fees, enabling micro payments again. It also has other features that will come in handy for mainstream adoption, such as almost instant "confirmation", better privacy characteristics and allows a massive increate in throughput of transaction per sec.
More info here:
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:14:46
its even in his name
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:29:36
a good start is probably this wiki: 
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:04:42
1) yes. But the NYA was an agreement between some miners and CEOs of some companies, not actually something you could call consensus. 
Therefore 2) because there is no censensus in the community to do it. This would only enforce the idea that some "important people" can decide how rules are beeing changes. Which weakens one important security property of bitcoin: that consensus rules cannot just be changed willy nilly without overwhelming support by all affected parties. 
The NYA guys did not even try to build consensus in the community, for example by going through the normal BIP process, by making a good proposal and provide specifications on how to do it, that can be widely discussed and can incorporate suggestions and changes, that may come up in the discussion. Or even change it just to please others, who otherwise would not go along (which is how new features are usually developed).
Not even core, for example, is aggainst a hard fork blocksize increase, if it becomes neccessary. But we already get a capacity increase by a about 2x with segwit. Why rush to double that again in such a short timeframe, when we can first analyse the effects of that and then do a proper hardfork, if neccessary, with enough lead time later? That gives people enough time to update, discuss what else we might want to have in a non-contentious hardfork and to spec out everything properly, so wallet software and other implementations besides core-based nodes can implement the changes in a proper way as well?
Remember, hard fork means *everybody* must upgrade their software to stay compatible. That is not like a softfork where you can just stick to the old rules and be fine (like with segwit), and upgrade later when you are ready. You want enough time to prepare for that.
3) the miner distribution remains to be seen. Almost half of the current miners just demonstrated that they will mine the most profitable chain, regardless of what they signal. (since they switched to BTH when it was more profitable). If it'd become more profitable to mine BTC instead of B2X, we may not see such a huge impact on block times.
4) replay protection means: You change the transaction format slightly, so that a transaction of the forked chain is not valid on the original chain, and vice versa. If you don't do that, a user sending a transaction on the original chain broadcasts a tx that is also valid on the new chain, and vice versa. Which means he/she may accidentially send his new 2x tokens to an address no one controls and looses those coins, or send his BTC to an address no one controls. 
With replay protection, it would be much easier for everybody to split the coins, just like a lot of people did for BCH tokens, by just sweeping their wallets into new adresses.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:21:16
I've a node running on a NUC with a skylake i3 processor, blocks on HDD, leveldb files on SSD. Took me about 1,5 days to fully sync and verify the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-29 21:40:14
more people buying then selling
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:05:50
arr, was seggregated there for a second, missed witnessing it, darn!
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:55:09
no, its not. It creates a market where people routing txes from others compete for the lowest fee. If anyone sets a too high fee, everybody will route around them using others that accept lower fees.
Them "setting" the fee is not that much different from miners setting a min tx fee they are willing to include into their blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:05:22
 is a good source for bitcoiny terms.
@_date: 2017-08-19 14:53:13
If you import your private keys from the paper wallet into a wallet thast supports segwit transactions, then you can also send your coins to a segwit address. 
All "old" outputs are of course outputs of non-segwit transactions. But you can take those outputs as inputs to a segwit tx. In fact, you can send between segwit and non-segwit addresses as you like, they are all compatible.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:55:34
Nothing officially planned yet. But if it is correct that ulterior motives are behind all the stupid forking and alternative bitcoin core forks, then the same people will come up with yet another bullshit reason for more disruption and drama.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:10:29
read the community guidelines in the sidebar again.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:24:43
Well there is code out there already:
Its just not finished yet. I think especially the routing part is not fully implemented. But they are already running it on the litecoin testnet. So maybe we get an alpha release of something soon, with a big fat warning that you shouldn't use it yet with significant funds. But I guess the LN guys will be as thorrow as core with testing and making sure it works, before making a big public release.
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:20:56
ah, yes I see it too.
Maybe a glitch in their ticker API, due to downtime of kraken. Wasn't there a post about maintainance?
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:23:53
for example, here: 
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:09:32
I find talks from Andreas M. Antonopoulos quite understandable for non-tech people, while still beeing focused on technical (and political) aspects of blockchain tech / bitcoin.
Otherwise there are a lot of heavy technincal talks from conferences like scaling bitcoin on youtube. However, those are geard towards people that already have a deeper technical understanding.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:53:58
The network is currently very loaded. There are a lot of transactions pending and blocks are full. This has gotten worse the last couple of days, as miners have switched to mining BCH, which increases the time it takes to generate new blocks, since there is less hashpower.
This will most likely get better in the coming days: The mining difficulty will be adjusted in about 2 days (this happens every 2016 blocks (~14 days)), which will bring the 10 min block interval back. Or maybe even shorter times, if miners switch back.
Also, segwit is about to activate around thursday, which will increase the capacity per block. 
Both should lead to fees going down again. It is hard to say though how quickly and how much.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:47:29
if you search for your receving address in a blockchain explorer (for example  does an the expected transaction show up (as unconfirmed)?
If not, then coinapult has not send you any coins yet. You should take it up with their support somehow. 
If it does and the fee is low, you may have to wait a bit, since fees are currently high but will likely go down the next couple of days.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:46:02
Well, I'd say its a good thing, if big players like google enter later, when the ecosystem and market cap has grown a lot more. Gives them less power to gain influence over it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:50:41
Yes I agree, that is should not be a design goal, I'm certainly not trying to argue the "bigblocker" point here. And you are right, the lower the price, the more demand.
But emiprically speaking, I don't agree that this demand grows infinite, or that this relation is always that clear cut. If it was, all altcoin chains should be full all the time. LTC for example is cheap, yet the damand only rises to a certain level. Of course, the demand for BTC is much higher. But not infinately so. 
And in the other direction, as we see currently, with slower block times and higher fees, the demand is not shrinking significantly yet, people try to do nearly the same txes as they did before the miners switched.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:34:25
probably blockchain.info restarted their node that they get the data from. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:43:34
the bitcoin blockchain.
The ~~only~~ other chain that currently wants to make a claim on the bitcoin name, is bitcoin cash (BCH). 
But BCH would need to enable either segwit, or at least a fix to the tx malleability bug to be usable with LN. Since BCH supporters generally dislike 2nd layer solutions, I don't see that happen anytime soon though.
**edit**: BCH it not the only other chain, see comments below
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:04:08
OP is deliberately spreading this misinformation about LN. This is not an honest question of a concerned user. This very question keeps getting reposted over and over again, with multiple accounts. It has been anwered multiple times now, for example here:
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:23:41
cross your legs, spread your arms, take a deep breath and repeat the following: "HODOR, HODOR, HODOR". breaaaath. repeat. "HODOR, HODOR, HODOR", breeeath, "HODL, HODL, HODL, breeeath, "HOLD, HOLD, HOLD". Okay, quickly look at the price, but then back to "HODOR.."
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:04:14
No, there is no plan. But Luke has argued in favor of that in the past. He thinks the 1MB block are already harming network decentralization by disincentivizing running a full node.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:58:42
I don't know any proposals that include those bank gateways you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:19:37
Well, we'll never know now, but the UASF could have gotten the job done just as well.
The NYA was never a compromise though. That implies, that all parties (at least begrundingly) agreed. But they didn't. It was only an agreement within a subset of the cummunity.
BTW, technically, compromise has already been proven to be impossible in this matter. BCH has left the room.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:29:30
@_date: 2017-08-27 20:19:48
There are exchanges trading BCH/BTC pairs, for example bitfinex.
Or  , you don't need an account here
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:55:26
just holding, with a typo :)
It's a meme that I think orginated from this, well, "passionate" post of a bitcoin user, with the typo in the title:
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:53:57
Something like bitpay with a lightning network option in the future would be awesome. We could also allow solid altcoins like LTC. Especially as atomic coin swaps are coming and LN will work on LTC as well, that would be a great opportunity to get the ball rolling for easy to use, trustless off-chain scaling solutions! Instant payments without 0-conf risks! Merchants actually beeing able to easily access micropayments in an instant!
@_date: 2017-08-31 00:17:35
well, expensive in fiat ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-19 20:31:02
With "security" in this context I mean, that I can trust that no one can easily mess with the blockchain, and remove security guarantees it has under the current consensus rules. For example, that txes get rejected, if they are not signed with my private keys. Or that no one can confiscate my coins, if authority X wants it. Or, for that matter, that miners can't collude to dedice to raise the block reward, thus removing the 21M cap and inflating bitcoin – which would devalue my coins. If it would be easy to do any such thing without big consensus, you would have to worry about the value of your coins a lot more.
Your last sentence nails what I mean: Yes, the users would not accept that. And it is a good thing that they have the power to actually reject it. I agree that it should not be impossible to change something, but it should be hard and need wide consensus.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:13:24
haha, preferebly on a raspberry pi. You want to demonstrate that you can, even with the chepeast hardware out there, right?
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:58:04
did you do the -rescan? How many confirmations does it show for the transactions?
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:39:09
yes, that is correct.
A sudden huge drop like that would cause a temporary problem though, as 2016 blocks take about 14 days with normal hash rate. If we have say 50% drop in hash rate, it could take up to a month to adjust. During that time block times would be 20min on average, confirmation times an fee would go up. (like we currently see with miners temporarily switching to mine BCH)
But once the difficutly adjusts, we are back to normal.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:52:01
Have a look at this article:
It explains how it is calculated and provides and goes through an example transaction. The example transaction (1 input, 1 output) has about 34% less weight, thus 34% less fee.
Transactions with more inputs would likely be even cheaper relative to non-segwit, because they carry more signatures, which is witness data. Same with multi-sig txes.
@_date: 2017-08-03 12:00:23
have their servers been raided yet? Their Domain seized? Customers ripped off of their deposits yet?
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:07:13
Interesting take on it. So far, I never expected us to get to a point where a POW change to address the mining centralization is a thing that can realisticly be done. This would actually be a good reason to actually go for it.
However, sadly we do not have a good proposal yet on how to do it in a way that is permanent. Yes, there are mining algos that are currently ASIC resistant and could give us back the mining decentralization we had in the beginning. (talking about staying true to the bitcoin whitepaper and whatnot...). But those algos so far only protect us from that for a limited amount of time, until someone comes up with an ASIC design that can handle it. Would be cool if we had a breakthrough idea, that more or less ensures mining only works on general purpose computing devices like CPUs or maybe GPUs. Then this would actually be an awesome outcome of all this drama.
Well, one remaining negative "side effect" though would be, that we also punish those miners that were honest and just did what they're supposed to do: validating txes, making blocks, following the rules the majority of the nodes enforce etc. We would destroy the value of their equipment as well.
@_date: 2017-08-20 04:57:45
as long as on-chain tx fees don't get redicolously high, the barrier is low. Opening a channel is just connecting to another LN node and publishing one opening multi-sig tx on the blockchain. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:12:07
ah, sorry I assumed you sent the transaction yourself. 
If you go to the transactions tab, what does it tell you how many confirmations it has (hover your mouse over the column on the left side)? Are there any transactions after the 2013 tx? Maybe you already spent the coins? 
If it has any confirmations, blockchain.info should show something, if you copy the txid into the search field. However, blockchain.info sometimes has weird bugs.
You might try to restart bitcoin-qt with the **-rescan** parameter. This will rescan the block chain for transactions affecting your wallet, and recalculate your balance.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:13:19
ahh, the good old times
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:15:03
Yes, most wallets do not expose the segwit part in their GUI yet. I guess they all wanted to pay it safe and prevent anyone from constructing segwit txes before activation (which could lead to loss of funds), and, as nullc said about core, didn't want to implement a more complicated mechanism for a GUI change that is dependant on the blockchain state change (i.e. segwit activation).
I hope though releases are coming soon. trezor is already ready, electrum had working code since january etc. So I think it won't be that long.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:19:29
well merging the chains back together would be very difficult. Once the chain forked, there were different transactions created in each chain that spend from the same outputs that were created before the split. I don't see an easy way to merge that back together – you'd probably need to create yet another new chain with 42 Million instead of 21 Million coins. But I do not see any of that happen. More likely is either one of the chains get basically abandoned and worthless, or both chug along on their own path as two different coins.
How I learned about BTC? Well I started in 2013. I am a programmer and found the techniques used in bitcoin fascinating. That's probably why I was interested in the underlying workings of the blockchain from the beginning, besides the fact that I bought a lot of coins and tried to make profit through trading.
I read some introductory stuff in this [bitcoin wiki]( and watched talks about bitcoin on youtube. Look for *Andreas Antonopoulos* for some very knowledgable, but easy to understand talks. He also wrote some good books. Slightly more technical are talks on conferences such as "scaling bitcoin".
[Bitcoin.org]( has some good explanations of concepts in bitcoin as well.
I read the bitcoin-dev mailing list from time to time. There are really some high level technical discussions going on, if you really want to know the finest details. I followed a lot of debates when I had the time. But if you do not know much about programming or crypto, it is probably hard to follow.
The  IRC channel is also a good place to ask people who are themselves devs and know a lot – or sometimes to just follow discussions.
Well and during discussions about changes and improvements to bitcoin, there is reading material in the [BIPs]( (the bitcoin improvement proposals). They are a bit dry to read, but especially when discussing on places like reddit, it helps to know what is actually proposed for a thing like segwit, to tell if people are just making up arguments, or really know what they are talking about.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:05:32
hmm, it's still up for me ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:52:35
Every merchant who already accepts bitcoin, may be interested in providing LN in the future. Instant confirmation and low fees should make the expirience much more pleasant for their customers.
I could also see bitcoin payment processors like bitPay using LN. For example, buying a cheap steam game with bitcoin was a bit expensive recently due to the higher fees. With LN, you can easily sell a lot more stuff, even in the &lt;10$ range for a reasonable price.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:31:16
contact GDAX support. They have to resend that transaction with a reasonable fee. If the tx is not confirmed, they haven't given you anything yet, so they should make sure you get it back into your account or resend the tx. 1 sat is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:12:08
Thanks for the gold!
Ah, okay, yes, good question. 
Well, I think there is no formal voting process in that sense. It is indeed more of an informal "okay, there is no more technical objections, we'll go ahead unless someone has some more? – – – no?  – – – ok, we go ahead then.". But I don't know exactly, I've never been a contributor so have not really participated in the dev process to know exacly how decisions are made. I only do occasionally follow the -dev mailinglist out of technical interest.
On pull requests, devs kinda sorta vote by commenting with "ACK" or "NACK" sometimes, to give an indication if they object or agree. A maintainer certainly could ignore that, but would probably not stay maintainer very long if he'd do that. But that is, I think, not formalized anywere or written down.
And I'm not quite sure how maintainers are chosen, to be honest. Good question.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:40:11
That would be possible, but only with a hard fork, since old nodes would reject all blocks that are &gt;1MB in size. With segwit txes this works without a hard fork, because the witnesses can be stripped before sending them the blocks, without making the tx invalid.
Well and the point of segwit was to avoid a hard fork, for several reasons, one of which is this backwards compatibilty, not forcing everybody to upgrade to be able to continue using the network.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:05:33
transactions that multibit creates should still be valid.
Maybe it choose a rather low fee and it takes a while until your transaction gets included in a block.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:36:53
A hub is a lightning node that has a lot of open channels, and thus, a big amount of coins locked up in them. It is refered to as a 'hub' only because it may have connections to a lot of parts of the p2p network and, with enough funds locked, can thus be one of many well-connected points on the network to route transactions on short routes.
The only bank-like property here is that it has a lot of money. But you do not deposit anything with them, the system is trustless. Any payment channel with them can be closed by publishing a tx on the blockchain. If a hub wanted to censor transactions or require KYC/AML procedures – the network can route around it by using routes via other nodes. You do not need hubs really, if the network has a mesh structure of many smaller nodes, that works just as well.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:14:14
There was a very interesting talk on the last scaling bitcoin conference from a guy that presented some data from sophisticated simulations, comparing different block times (esp. LTC, ETH and BTCs):
Arthur Gervais - On the Security and Performance of Proof of Work Blockchains
If I remember correctly, somewhat faster block times that do not explode the orphan rate indeed looked promising
@_date: 2017-08-27 13:51:13


then thanks for not doing that :)
@_date: 2017-08-27 15:51:35
haha, yeah, there is that
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:26:35
You could construct a transaction the the OP_RETURN op-code. With that, you can push arbitrary data into the chain, signed by your key. That should work.
You might also want to have a look at NameCoin, it was designed for such purposes AFAIK.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:23:06
here is a thread were info is collected on what wallets already support it. You may have to scroll down a bit for the useful info:
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:32:30
Not without doing a hard fork themselves, I think. They'd have to make previously valid transactions invalid, and make previously invalid transactions valid – since B2X accepts all the same transactions as valid as BTC. That is impossible with a soft fork I think, but quite easy with a hard fork.
A hard fork the the very thing that core wanted not to do. Since that means, everybody need to immediatly run the new core version.
@_date: 2017-08-21 12:59:44
IF they go up that much, yes.
But the first effect of LN will be that the on-chain fees will go down, since txes can move from on-chain to LN. If we assume that on average you make 100 txes per LN channel, that would mean in the extreme case of everybody using LN, around a 2/100 reduction in on-chain txes (or somewhat less as multisig txes a are bigger). That means, the on-chain fees will only go up if the user base grows by a factor of 50. (of course those are example numbers, I don't know how much usage LN will get and how many tx per channel you can assume).
Without LN, the fees would go up much faster. Even on the BCH chain with 8MB.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:46:16
Yes, it will be another forked coin, like BCH.
Technically the blocksize will be more than 2MB. It will be about 4MB (up to a maximum of 8MB in edge cases, depending on the kinds of transactions made).
That is because with segwit we already have a blocksize increase to about 2MB (theoretical max 4MB), that can be used, once people start sending more segwit txes.
@_date: 2017-09-01 18:07:29
Follow btc-e updates on twitter:
You will need to use google translate for the links in there, if you do not speak russian.
Current state of affairs in short: the website is back up at btc-e.nz. You can log in and check your balances.
btc-e promises to soon relaunch trading/withdrawls, around mid september. They say that we will be able to withdraw 55% of our coins and get the rest in tokens  (USD is converted to coins and tokens) that they'll try to buy back later when they are able to (probably trying to unfreeze their accounts through legal action I guees). Similar to what bitfinex did after the hack.
That is what they promise. Since they have an actual working site back up, I'd say changes are better than a lot of people expected. But whether we'll be able to withdraw our funds of course remains to be seen.
You find more details in their posts, linked in their tweets.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:27:18
Yes, it is somewhat quirky, but neccessary when you want to preserved backwards compatibility. It is not intentionally over-complicated, a script is still very similar to an old one when you spell it out, it just needed to be moved to make it appear as anyone-can-spend, so it can be deployed as a soft fork.
Sure you can argue whether a hardfork would have a somewhat cleaner looking result, but it has a good rational for why it is that way and it is not really much more complicated. Soft fork vs. hard fork is of course another discussion. But if you want to do it as a soft fork, I think it's quite clever and not that much harder to interpret than before.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:00:17
It means you can use it by generating segwit addresses with the 'addwitnessaddress' command (in the cli or debug window), but two things are still not in place:
* address derivation for HD wallets. That means, if you make a backup of your master key, core does not yet regenerate all your addresses, as it would for old style addresses. Your keys are probably still safe, but you'd have to manually re-generate all addresses you used.
* GUI support. You have to use the RPC command to use it. GUI is deliberatly not implemented yet. One reason for that is the above mentioned limitation of easy backup/recovery.
The next version this refers to will be 0.15.1, which should be released very soon. At least gmaxwell said they want to release it shortly after 0.15.0.
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:14:08
fair enough. I agree, a good bit of healthy scepticism is definatly needed to not get duped here. 
The only other way around that is to stay inform by educating oneself. At least on the technical side of things, that is at least possible, if one has the time and technical background. On the side of who has what agenda etc., it is even harder though.
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:53:17
Well if you read what a lot of people in that other sub or in favor of BCH think about core, then yes. They often despise segwit, which has a lot of improvements favorable for on-chain scaling. They claim core devs were sitting on their hands while the debate about scaling was on fire – while they were working hard the entire time to make actual code optimizations, faster signature validation (libsec256k1), improve sync times (headers first sync, cashes), reduce network overhead (compact blocks), come up with improvements to the protocol (segwit, Schnorr, MAST etc) that prepare us for better scaling in the future etc. 
The whole debate basically boils down to "let's make smart improvements that reduce the impact of increasing the throughput first" vs. "ramp up that dang maxblocksize constant already".
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:26:58
That sounds like a good approach.
I don't think there is a consensus on what the price will do. No one can tell for sure if it goes up or down next. If you could, you would be very rich in an instant :).
I'd say chances are good that this is not the end of the price rally. I bought some in the $4200 range because I expect us to break through the $5000 mark soon. But I could be wrong.
In the long term I'd expect though that the price will keep rising. There is still a lot of potential new money flowing in. So even if you get it wrong short term and the price crashes, it will prabably still be a good return in a year or so.
Just don't put in more than you can afford to loose, to be on the safe side. And don't be sad if you buy an the price goes down – it's hard to get it right all the time, and so far everyone who bought at any price in the past has made a profit, if they held onto their coins.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:13:54
also: 
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:02:31
Yes, those are probably all transactions that were included in the blockchain after the blockheight your sync is currently at. They should show up as newer blocks come in.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:17:47
Lots of people bought in. Other people saw the price rising and sniffed profits. Started to by as well. Price rises more, rinse repeat.
Of course there are also some things that may have an impact why people trust in bitcoin and its price rising. Like successful deployment of segwit, the perspective to soon have Lightning network, which brings awesome new features and new use cases (instant confirmations, micropayments due to low fees, a massive increase in throughput etc). 
Also, a successful defeat of take over attempts (the BCH fork) that did cause much less harm than people might have expected, is a good reason for trust in bitcoins value and to buy.
Then there is media coverage that made people aware of bitcoin, that bring more money into the market by buying.
And probably a lot more things I forgot.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:24:29
No. Only invest what you can afford to loose. Chances are good that you make a profit, but there is also a chance of the opposite. Crypto is a risky investment.
So invest part of your life savings, but keep enough that you're still not ruined if something goes wrong.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:32:16


Yes, he is. He claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto and having his keys, but could not prove it. Instead, he produced phony evidence that did prove nothing other than him beeing capable of extracting one of satoshis signature from the blockchain, and generating a new PGP key:


As opposed to companies like blockstream though, [Craig Wright says]( that he does not release his patents under the [Defensive Patent Licence (DPL)]( and will not sign a pledge to only use them defensively, as [blockstream does]( So there is a clear difference to some of the companies that also do patents.
@_date: 2017-09-02 14:28:48
bitstamp rarely had performance issues. I'd say yes.
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:47:06
No, so far nobody knows for sure. There are some candidates, but we could only know if they/he/she would want us to know. For example, by signing something with keys we know belong to satoshi and publishing that signature, we'd at least know that person has those keys.
I think though it is a good thing that we do not really know right now. It would just put him in an awkward position of authority lots of people would look up to. It is better if we are forced to make up our minds based on technical arguments and analyses IMHO.
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:19:12
the data is that way because it contains every single trade that ever happened on those exchanges. That is not interesting for a diagram, but could be useful for other purposes.
One reason why my snipped might not work, is that i assumed that the data_set parameter to a two-dimensional array, with the first index beeing the index/line number of a data row, the second an associative array with the keys 'timestamp', 'price', 'volume'. Depends of course on how you import it what those are.
@_date: 2017-09-02 21:10:58


I'm not quite sure I understand what you are trying to say. Of course I'm just a random dude writing stuff on the internet, so could be that I try to deceive in some way as well. Hard for me to prove otherwise. But targetting you specifically? I don't even know who yo are. And to what end? 
That discussion was before I posted this here. I just encountered the guy in that thread and had another discussion about his SN claim, so I thought I share the links here I had at hand.


Well, there is no way to prove that he is not, unless the real one is still alive and comes forward. So no way to proof it one way or another right now. My gut tells me not to believe him, the guy just has shady written all over him, for the little I know about him at least. And my brain says, since he produced deceptive evidence, when he could do better if he was (part of) SN, that casts serious doubt.


how are they gonna do that? How are they gonna do that? You mean because blocksize?
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:42:27
Indeed, Merkel a leftist, I can't even .. her party is the CDU (christian democratic union), which is the big conservative / 'center-right' party in Germany. Basically Germany's equivalent of the republican party, if you'd want to compare them. 
The only thing she ever did that looked left-isch is letting in some refugees, for which she is by the way hated by a lot of people in her own party. Otherwise she's not different from a typical establishment, pro-corporate, christian "family values" conservative politician.
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:39:59
ok, fair enough :)
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:06:14
Since LN isn't live anywhere, I doubt there is any clarity in any country on this, as long as there is no laws/regulations or it has been tested in court. Just like it is/was with bitcoin and whether it's money, an asse, what kind of income mining is etc. In most cases I'd assume that its fine as long as you pay proper taxes for all gains, but IANAL.
If you want to shovel around a lot of it and/or want to be sure, better ask a lawyer. Especially if you live in a country that is generally more hostile towards cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:18:50
yes, you will again have your coins on both chains.
The only difference is that since 2x does not have proper replay protection like bcash had, it will be harder to split your coins. (sending coins on one chain can result in the tx also beeing accepted by the other chain).
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:04:53
read the rules in the sidebar:


@_date: 2017-09-07 13:29:30
Thanks! Yeah, I'm not a professional programmer, but I do did learn a thing or two over the last, I don't know, 20 years or so playing around with some little programs, websites and scripts I wrote for myself. Or writing some patches here and there for open source projects and poking around in linux systems. 
It is I think a thing you can learn by doing it for while, if it is fun for you. This routine I wrote somewhat of the top of my head because I did a similar thing with the same data not long ago, when I wrote a little program that fetched me data from exchanges I use for trading. But I think most programmers would know how to do something like that, once you have a little experience.


Thanks for the offer. I don't know if I'm any good to evaluate a business plan though. Unless you have technical questions or need some insight in cryptocurrency applications. I'm certainly better in coding than in business things.
I wouldn't currently know what needs branding of mine, I have not really commercial products I sell. I earn some money on the side bulidng website myself, but more like implementing the technical side of what my customers already have in branding/design ideas.
**edit**: oh and your fiddle looks like making progress! Looks like you figured out how to apply my snippet to your data. I guess you're almost there creating some cool diagrams with that then.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:59:28
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:18:51
There is no GUI support in core yet. Gmaxwell said in [this talk]( though that they are planing to release 0.15.1 quickly after 0.15 with full segwit support. Could still be in September.
HD wallet support is AFAIK not fully supported yet, which is one reason why it is not exposed in the GUI in core yet. The keys are probably fine, but you might have to re-generate segwit addresses by hand on recovery.
To use it today, you need to generate a segwit address from an existing key using the "addwitnessaddress" command in the debug window/cli. Then you can send coins to that address. If you then spend from it, it will be done by a segwit tx.
If you want a GUI today, you have to use another wallet. For example, armory.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:03:02
There is no core or cash whitepaper. What the BCH people refer to is Satoshi Nakamoto's whitepaper that he wrote when he came up with the idea of an immutable distributed ledger we call blockchain and outlined how you could implement it. He then implemented it and called this thing *bitcoin*.
As with every new idea, you cannot think of everything from the get go. Some things need to be improved over time, bugs need to be fixed. Every piece of software evolves over time. A lot of changes and additions have been made since the first implementation that are included in *bitcoin core* as well as *bitcoin ABC* and other BCH node software, including some consensus rule changes that were added via softforks – most of those changes since are of course not outlined in that paper, since it is just a writeup of the general idea and how to do it.
Segwit is one more improvement to the protocol that fixes some of the issues with the current rules/implementation, that became problematic if you want to scale bitcoin to allow for more troughput of transactions. It is also a blocksize increase that can be deployed in a backwards compatible manner – as a soft fork. It was therefore considered a good approach to increase the blocksize by core devs, that would avoid a lot of trouble that a hard fork could bring.
There is no paper that outlines the roadmap for future development of the core client. There is lots of resarch projects, lots of ideas beeing discussed, implemented, tested, that could improve performance, features and scalability of bitcoin etc. in the future. Some will be added, some will turn out to not work or have unacceptable side effects/issues. Some will be controversial, some will be no brainers.
Sticking to only what the whitepaper says is what BCH people are often proud of. But that would also mean to stand still in a field that is relatively new, that lots of research still needs to be done on and lots of cool new stuff can be done with. The properties of bitcoin that Satoshi had in mind when he wrote the paper of course need to be preserved (like immutablity, decentralization, fungibility etc), but that can also mean that things need to be changed to preverse them. 
This whole holy bible like approch to the whitepaper is IMHO disingenuous, cause even *bitcoin ABC* includes a lot of things that have been proven beneficial or neccessary over time, that Satoshi did not write down in his first outline. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 20:05:39
Yes, if the price rises, you can make a profit even with 50$. If you'd bought say half a year ago when the price was 900$ per bitcoin, your ~0.055 BTC would be worth around 250$ today.
Of course, the price does not always rise that much in such a short time, and it also knows the other direction, so don't risk more than you could afford to loose.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:00:30
that's odd, most my txes the last couple of days confirmed with 10sat/byte in the next block.
Also, BTW, you don't pay fees in USD.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:32:16


Yes, he is. He claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto and having his keys, but could not prove it. Instead, he produced phony evidence that did prove nothing other than him beeing capable of extracting one of satoshis signature from the blockchain, and generating a new PGP key:


As opposed to companies like blockstream though, [Craig Wright says]( that he does not release his patents under the [Defensive Patent Licence (DPL)]( and will not sign a pledge to only use them defensively, as [blockstream does]( So there is a clear difference to some of the companies that also do patents.
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:06:50
here is a list of exchanges: 
I'd recommend bitstamp. Especially of you want to sell for EUR. coinbase, gdax or kraken quite popular for USD AFAIK.
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:11:16
People start buying, other people seeing the price rise and start buying as well. Media getting interested, more people get FOMO and buy. Rinse repeat. 
Until people start cahing out and causing others to panic sell and get the same dynamic in the other direction for a while.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:54:51
easy fellow, you'd be more convincing without going full metal insulting right away. Jeez.
A lot of wallets are almost ready to go for segwit, that is more a matter of weeks, not months or years. That gives up around 2MB, and I'd be quite sure that will be enough for a while. Even with the current blocksize the network is just barely "clogged", unless spam attacks or big movements like the last crash happen. 
And what exactly is "absurdly weird" about segwit?
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:57:08
Some of core more prominent devs are working for blockstream. Or rather, as *arashbm* said, payed by blockstream so that they can work full time on core. For example gmaxwell and luke Dashjr. You can maybe compare this [core team list]( with this [blockstream team list](
On a technical level, AFAIK blockstream is working a lot on 2nd layer solutions and sidechains. So they naturally also contribute a lot to make those things feasable. All in all I'd say though that they are working on all kinds of things in core that are benificial to improve bitcoin overall with respect to new features, groundwork for better scaling etc. I does not look to me that they only stick to a very narrow thing directly in blockstreams interest.
You may read a little through the [bitcoin-dev]( mailing list to get a picture on what who's working on.
@_date: 2017-09-04 13:57:47
you can buy 20 BTC on any exchange easily. Thousands are traded dayly.
On most of them, like Kraken, you would have to have completed the verification process though to withdraw that amount in one go.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:05:31
woop woop, china bans are back!
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:35:05
that was before segwit was conceived, which gives us the "fist step" ~2MB without a hard fork, once fully adopted by wallets.
A hard fork for more may be needed later, but we're not there yet. Let's first see how far blocks full of segwit txes and with a LN on top can give us.
@_date: 2017-09-05 21:04:35


Ah ok, my fault, I assumed the opening with the two ideological camps was referring to the current potential segwit2x hard fork. Bacause before BCH and segwit2x there were noumerous scaling proposals with all kinds of block sizes. 2MB the most conservative of them. (implemented in *bitcoin classic*). But nobody argues for 2MB blocks without the segwit increase anymore, so I don't see a fight over 0.3MB.


Segwit introduces [block weight]( as the new size limit messure. The max weight size is 4M weight units. Block weight is calculated as:
    base size * 3 + total size
where base size is blocksize - witness data, and total size the blocksize including witness data. (this is specified in [BIP141](
You could also express it this way:
    non-witness data size * 4 + seg. witness-data size
(while witness-data only applies to segwit txes witnesses)
Given this formula and a max weight of 4M, you have the lowest possible max block size of 1MB (if no witness-data of segwit txes is in the blocks. I.e. all old style txes). This block would basically be just like an old block.
The theoretical maximum is close to 4MB, if almost everything in the block is witness data. This is only possible with one huge tx though, that has lots of witness data. Not something that would happen normally.
In practice, it more in a range around 2MB. It depends on the relative size of the witness data as per the formula above. If you have for example lots of multisig txes or txes with lots of inputs, you can easily get above 2MB.
There are different estimates thrown around what the regular max size would be. I've seen between 1.7MB and 2.3MB, but have not done the math myself. 


The NYA is very vague about what this 2MB means. You could interpret it as a simple 2MB maxblocksize, but that does not make much sense in combination with segwit and its block weight, since block sizes are already in that range. 
You can though read it as a 2MB *base block size* increase, refering to the non-witness data size (or the data that a legacy non-segwit node would see) – so that the smallest possible max block size calculated from weight is 2MB. 
BTC1 implements the latter by doubling the the max block weight to 8M WU, which gives you max blocksizes between 2MB and 8MB. The actual max blocksizes would then be around ~4MB. This [segwit2x announcement]( also talks about the *base* block size.
I think this confusing reference to "2MB blocks" stems from the fact that the previous "HongKong agreement" (after the first scaling bitcoin conference) was to increase the blocks to 2MB with a hard fork. Core devs felt they delivered, because they found a way to give us 2MB-ish blocks without a hard fork (segwit). The NYA poeple though wanted their hard fork increase on top of it, but keep naming this 2MB blocks to justify that they only wanted what was originally agreed upon. But in fact they want around 4MB-isch blocks, and that is what BTC1, the official segwit2x implementation, implements.


Segwit blocks can be bigger than 1MB. They are limited by the block weight only.
But the block weight formula ensures that any non-seggregated-witness data is never more than 1MB. To provide backwards compatibility, segwit enabled nodes strip the witness data from blocks and send that stripped down block to legacy nodes that still enforce the usual 1MB limit. (This is described in [BIP144](
Those nodes therefore always get &lt;1MB of data, but cannot verify segwit txes. They accept them anyway though, because to them they appear as anyone-can-spend outputs. (segwit nodes on the other hand enforce new rules that make those txes only spendable with valid witness data).


No, transactions are still validated. But the way signatures are checked has been changed for segwit txes. Before you could craft a transaction that would basically need to hash data of the tx size for each signature. Now you only need to hash each byte at most twice, so it scales linearly, regardless of how many signatures you have in the tx. I think this is specified in [BIP143]( There is also a brief explanation on [bitcoincore.org]( on the O(n²) sighash scaling problem solution.
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:08:56
BTW, even Gavin Anderson who prominently said in a video he believes him to be Satoshi, posted this later:
So he's not convinces anymore either. He says could be, could not be, we don't know. I take that as, "shit, that 'evidence' wasn't as solid as I initially thought. It does not prove anything."
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:52:19
the more people acceept BTC as payment, the more it can actually be used as a currency. Its not that widespread yet, but as fas as I can tell, the possibilities to actually use it as a currency are growing.
I'd say it is worth it, because it will attract customers that like paying with BTC. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:59:54
Your wallet is saved in the file ~/.bitcoin/wallet.dat 
Normally you can just update bitcoin core and it should just work and read the wallet from that file. To be safe, I'd make a backup of that file first, since it is such an ancient version you're updating from. But I don't think there should be any issue with that.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:18:41
No, message received. 
I disagree, but who cares? you go use Iota, I stay here using BTC. Everybody happy. Case closed.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:42:29
use an exchange, like everybody else.
Also, read the guidelines in the sidebar:


@_date: 2017-09-02 04:58:50
planned for September 15., according to their latest update:
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:53:10
speak for yourself, but I personally always prefer to pay in bitcoin whenever possible. Mostly not for convinience or because it's cheaper, but because I value not having to give information to intermediaries (like paypal or banks) about my buying habits and not having to rely on them deciding whether my transfer is legit or not.
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:32:29
You can safely continue to use it as usual. All old txes are still a valid as before and will stay that way. You can also send to segwit addresses, every transaction from legacy address-&gt;segwit must be an old style tx in either case.
The only thing can't do generate segwit addresses and consequently send segwit txes. You are fine though if you just wait for the next electrum release for that.
@_date: 2018-02-06 11:40:51
You're right, those are two distinct issues.
As for the monitoring, yes any valid settlement transaction looks valid to anyone, regardless of how current in terms of your channel it is. However, if you always tell your monitor what the latest state of the channel is or which txes represent old states when your channel changes, it can distinguish between an old or current settlement tx.
 If I remember correctly, publishing the newer tx can invalidate the old ones, an thus prevent it from beeing included in the blockchain as a valid tx - if it is included before the locktime of input runs out that is. I think there is some condition in the tx scripts that makes it possible to cryptographically prove that you have a tx signed by both parties that is newer than the old one, and inclusion of the newer tx renders the old tx invalid. But I would have to look it up again in the LN whitepaper to tell you exactly how that works.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:12:12
small crash before the split. S2x going nowhere, bitcoin chogging along as usual. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 13:49:10
I use bitstamp.net for trading in BTC/EUR. Depositing EUR via SEPA is free. Trading free is between 0.1-0.25%.
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:13:49
That's a fair approach.
The main "philosophical" difference I think is that the BCH supporters just wanted to scale the throughput as much as possible (by increasing the block size), while the BTC fans prefered to first get the technical groundwork done to minimize the impact of increasing the throughput. Core has done a lot of work on performance issues and to come up with solutions that let bitcoin scale better without increasing the amount of data a node needs to process to much. And of course like second layer solutions like the Lightning network are based on the blockchain, but have somewhat different properties.  BCH supporters on the other hand want to stay with what they know works and has been proven, so they prefer keeping all transactions on the chain.
That would be my most neutral description of where the camps differ.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:07:14
Yes, you got that right. An "instant order" buys or sells immediatly at whatever the order book has to offer at the time. 
A "limit order" is as you expected, you add a bid/ask to the order book at a certain price. That order gets executed if someone else buys or sells at that price (for example, with an instant order).
Stop Loss orders are to prevent big losses. For example, you bet the price will rise, but in case it falls, you want it to automatically sell if it goes below a certain price.
You will find an explanation of those things also in bitstamps FAQ: 
**edit**: maybe you're also interested in reading some intro guides like this:  . You'll find more like that easily by googling for something like "market order vs limit order" etc.
@_date: 2017-09-04 14:11:08
the defense is not buying government backed crap
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:14:11


I assume you mean your address. Yes. It would be good though to generate a lot of adresses in advance or derive addresses from a HD master key, so you don't reuse the same address for different customers. It is good practice to have a new address for each payment, otherwise your customers can easily see how much coins you have in that address and maybe figure out info about payments other customers sent to you.
You might use something like  if you want to implement generating keys for invoices.
If you don't want to roll your own solution, there is also  or  that provide payment services for merchants.
For the fees you don't need to charge anything yourself. People sending you payments will pay the tx fees themselves by sending them.
@_date: 2017-09-06 18:56:35
Maybe not, but if the IRS asks them they'll probably give them your data, you better have filed your tax report properly then.
Also, don't try to avoid taxes. Don't get greedy, this will bite you in the ass eventually.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:10:36
okay, you can stop reading after:


So the *one thing* I "really need to understand" is something that the author gets wrong from the get go. Segwit is not =1.7MB blocks, but okay, that is lower estimated average for all-segwit-txes blocks (the actual max block size in bytes is between 1MB and 4MB, depending on witness data size). More importantly though, segwit2x is *not* 2MB blocks, it is doubling whatever segwit's max block size is!


no, there is no extra data beeing sent that is not included. Witness data is part of the block and every segwit tx just as before. But not of the txid hash input.


No, Bitcoin also verifies chains of signatures, so of course it needs witness data


No no no. Witness data is part of the block. More txes fit in a block, because the blocksize is simply bigger. Only when relaying blocks to old nodes the witness data is stripped. This allows backwards compatibilty, since segwit txes appear as anyone-can-spend to them, so *they* don't need to look at signatures. The blocksize without witness data is indeed always &lt;1MB (that's why the block weight formula is the way it is), so the old nodes do not reject the bigger blocks as invalid.


No it does not. Every segwit enabled node relays the entire block to other segwit enabled nodes. Witness data is not ignored, it is validated by miners and all nodes that know the new rules of the segwit softfork. Otherwise every segwit tx output could be stolen by anyone. Witness data is *only* stripped when sending to old nodes that do not know anything about segwit rules.


Yes, they would. But segwit2x does not implement 2MB blocks. It does 2x of the max block size of segwit blocks, which is between 2MB and 8MB.


no they are not. In terms of size, they are fighting over doubling the size again after we about doubled it.
Ok enough. Whatever the point of the article, it is not informing anybody well on what the discussion actually is. 
On top of the technical mistakes, it totally misses the point. No one is fighting over 0.3MB here, but over control of bitcoin development and the bitcoin name. 
**edit**: [this medium article]( actually explains segwit and the block sizes more accuratly
 
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:45:20
armory supports segwit.
core will do a release quickly after 0.15 with GUI support. (currently only supported with the addwitnessaddress command in the cli client / debug console)
Electrum will have support in the next release.
@_date: 2017-09-06 19:55:32
@_date: 2017-09-02 16:39:09
armory supports segwit and can be used as an offline wallet.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:36:50
Deceiving someone you claim to love is not a funny, its awful.
And comparing women to commodities or other objects, that's just sexist. Sexism ain't funny. Only sexists lough at such "jokes", cause they like having illegitimate power.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:10:37
you probably mean [block reward]( The reward is halved every 210,000 blocks, no one in charge needs to decide that – it is part of the consensus rules. See also [here](
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:12:17
there are the Segwit related BIPs, that specify the implemenations and gives reationale for the design choices: [BIP 141]( [BIP142]( [BIP143]( [BIP144]( [BIP145]( [BIP173]( 
(note: some are still in Draft status, subject to change and not yet used, like BIP173)
Here is a less spec like rationale for why and how segwit changes things:
And here is another FAQ that addresses some misconceptions and gives further explanations:
the  page in general has some useful info.
@_date: 2017-09-26 03:17:51
To ease your mind quickly: Boot a ubuntu liveCD on your computer and login from there. You don't have to wait for an entire new computer if the worst you might have is a windows virus or an insecure browser extension.
Log in to your blockchain account using firefox, which should be on the ubuntu liveCD. (chrome would also be fine), and change your login credentials. Also change the password for your email-account, if you have accessed it the same way.


Yes, a regular linux distro like Ubuntu is fine. Don't use Windows if you have serious money there. Most attacks focus on Windows. I'd use firefox, but if you prefer chrome or chromium, that should be fine. The extensions you had so far are pretty safe. As long as they are from trusted sources (i.e. only install firefox addons from the mozilla addon page, https everywhere from the EFF site etc.).
Other than that, if you have a good amount of coin in that account, it is probably best to have a dedicated OS to access them. Separate from the computer visiting dodgy porn sites. Physicially separate (your new laptop) is best, but you can also dual boot a linux OS for your coins, and another one (windows or another linux) for your day to day stuff, if you want to use your laptop for other things as well.
**Edit**: oh and if your second factor is e-mail, do not use webmail in the same browser. That kind of defeats the purpose. The second factor should be on a separate device. Either fetch the email on a different email account than the one you have on your pc, for example with a smartphone, or better yet, install a OTP app like google authenticator and use that as 2FA.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:19:04
try this:
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:21:22
the top graph gives an estimate for how much you'd have to pay for confimation within 1, 2 ... or 6 blocks. The X axis plots what was estimated in the past, i.e. how it developed. So the most interesting is the value on the right (estimation now), but the history shows you whether fee pressure is currently going up or down.
Currently fees are a little higher, 123sat/B is somewhat below the 6 blocks line, so you may be in something like ~10-20 blocks territory with your transaction. I'd say the 25 blocks estimation from your wallet was quite accurate.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:44:19
The most volnurable piece of infrastructure are the exchanges. It'd be hard to prevent anyone from using bitcoin, but relatively easy for them to close exchanges and make exchanging FIAT for coins hard.
I don't think this would cause "hibernation", but a crash further down for sure. China is a big market. When it's done with, bitcoin will go on as usual from a somewhat lower price. But I would not expect another 2-year depression just yet. Too many good things to come in the near future that could trigger the next upwards rally shortly after a bigger crash.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:59:36
Yes I agree it is not the most important point. AFAIR, there were proposals for a hard-fork segwit back when it was discussed on bitcoin-dev that included a more "native" segwit tx format. If we ever get to a non-contentious hardfork, I'd think that would be on the hard-fork whish list.
I think we will see a more significant increase in segwit usage once core with segwit GUI support is out. Gmaxwell said in a talk that they want to push out a v0.15.1 rather quickly after the 0.15 release for that. So that could actually be in the coming weeks.
LN will take a lot longer, that is true. I would guess though more like 6 month or so for early adopters, since it is already working on testnet and mainly needs further testing, GUIs and some routing work. But that's just an uneducated guess, didn't follow it close enough to say one way or the other.
As for the throughput on-chain, I don't disagree that we may have to do a further increase down the line. And maybe with a hard fork if needed. But I'd prefer one that is not that rushed and disruptive as 2x is, and not mixed with a political agenda to oust a dev team. An increase based on the data of how the 2MB blocks go would be best – so we can see how much fee pressure remains and whether the argument holds, that it gets spammed up to 100% anyways. If segwit wouldn't have been blocked for so long, we could already have some more empirical data to estimate whether 2MB is enough for a couple of years, or rather already what we'd need today.
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:11:00
Don't invest more than you could afford to loose, cause with high profit margins also come high risks of the opposite. So if the 5k is mearly "decent change" for you, I'd say go for it.
don't try to game the market right away. Buy and hold, watch the price charts and get a feeling on how the market moves. If you want to do day trading, start with small amounts and see whether you can make a better profit than just hodling the coins. Since hitting the highs and lows is not that easy as it may seem in hindsight.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:03:00
you may have a look at  , they offer services to merchants that want accept bitcoin. I think they also have services like auto-converting everything to USD and stuff like that. [coinbase]( does as well.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:07:44
this gives a good estimate:
fee's are messured in satoshi per byte. It does not matter how much value you transact, just how big (in bytes) your transaction is. That depends mostly on how many inputs your wallet uses. (if you received a lot of small txes, it will be more expensive).
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:03:56
you ended with "otherwise **we** really don't care", but fair enough. Just wanted to point out that there are other reasons as well. I of course don't mind discounts either :)
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:58:38
if by blockchain you mean a blockchain.info wallet, then all you need to do is send your coins to an exchange and sell them.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:12:54
Yes, if you lose the keys, the bitcoin are lost. No one else can recover them for you.
Any yes, there is a tendency for bitcoins to get lost over time as people lose keys. What rate that is is hard to determine. You cannot tell if bitcoins in an address are held there for a long time by someone who still has the key, or if they are just lost.
Affect on price: generally this reduces the supply of circulating bitcoins, so the price goes up. Whether this is noteworthy depends on how many coins are lost.
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:05:28
thanks for the good writeup!
And yes, I argee that he has not produced any promised proof of beeing Satoshi Nakamato, instead created smoke and mirrors of false evidence that strongly suggests, that he is a scammers whos hoax failed miserably. Anything he said should be met with strong suspicion.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:32:01
Yes. 
25 blocks would be around 4:20 (~10 min per block). But it is an estimate, so its not a maximum, but an average. Could be a little longer or a little faster if you're lucky.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:32:16


Yes, he is. He claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto and having his keys, but could not prove it. Instead, he produced phony evidence that did prove nothing other than him beeing capable of extracting one of satoshis signature from the blockchain, and generating a new PGP key:


As opposed to companies like blockstream though, [Craig Wright says]( that he does not release his patents under the [Defensive Patent Licence (DPL)]( and will not sign a pledge to only use them defensively, as [blockstream does]( So there is a clear difference to some of the companies that also do patents.
@_date: 2017-09-01 23:21:30
Revealing a signature does not in itself expose your private keys to the public. AFAIK the replay protection should also make it impossible to just grab your signature and make the same transaction on the other chain.
However, having a signature makes it theoretically easier to find the corresponding private key, if you happen to have a quantum computer at hand or know about a vulnerabilty that is not yet publicly known. This theoretical risk is why address reuse is generally discouraged. (see [here]( for a better explanation than mine).
So, although it is probably fine, I would first sweep your BTC wallet or at least send everything you want to split to new address(es) before publishing any transactions on the BCH chain. 
Maybe a convinient opportunity to put your BTCs into a segwit address :)
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:14:36
It can make huge swings. Just look at a [chart]( and see how it moved before. The last months were quite a huge, sometimes it did move by 1k in a couple of hours.
This is though not directly related to mining hash rate etc. It moves quickly if people buy or sell a lot. Of course, an improvement in bitcoin or some new development can trigger that, cause news may make people confident that the price rises etc. But the price ultimately is decided by the market, that is, by people buying and selling.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:38:12
Yes, that is correct.
The only catch is that the retarget period will be much longer than the usual ~ two weeks, since it is sceduled every 2016 blocks, which would come in much slower. If we'd for example lose 50% hashing power, it could take up to 4 weeks.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:11:38
go use iota then