@_author: lalaland4711
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:54:03
This is a troll, right?


Is this a joke?


Uses more power than Ireland to do like 7 transactions per second. And have you actually ever used bitcoin? The transaction fees are actually really high. Do you know what the transaction fees are for me giving a $10 note to a friend of mine? Do you know what they are if I use the "send money with gmail" thing? Zero. For bitcoin it's often double-digit percent as transaction fees.
The rest is, to me, just an attack on a straw man, combined with nonsense.
@_date: 2017-12-25 11:26:13
If I understand you correctly your answer to my main question is essentially "bitcoin needs to be bigger (valued much higher) so that market manipulation becomes harder", for which I question your motives since presumably you hold bitcoin and "coincidentally" that would also make you rich(er).


Pretending something is a currency but actually treating is like pure investment is silly to me. And it's driven by greed, not idealism. People who like bitcoin don't do it because they want a future bitcoin promises (almost nobody does. People actually like government, reversible transactions, and rule of law). They like bitcoin because they're holding bitcoin and it's (so far usually) going up. It's just pure greed, and nothing noble about it.
Bitcoin is a disaster in so many aspects, like putting a price floor on energy and its primary purpose being synonyms for money laundering, that no, that's not what we (society, humanity) want.
I don't see anything more sinister about market manipulation of bitcoin than simply investing in bitcoin. There's no honour among thieves.
If bitcoin market manipulation hurts bitcoin, then I'm actually in favour of more of it, as a means to an end.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:45:32
If you're right, isn't the fact that these actors **can** do this in itself proof that bitcoin sucks?
Bill Gates wouldn't be able to tank the USD if we wanted to.
Oh, and about greed: People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. If you cared about BTC going *up* (yay) and down (*boo*) then you're a greedy investor, not someone who wants to use it as a currency. So don't be angry at other people's greed.