@_author: lamajlooc
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:25:54
Now everyone call his office and congratulate him - voter feedback drives policy to a large degree (yes, even now).
@_date: 2014-08-03 22:56:07
Wow, this is grade AAA sanctimonious bullshit.  You, sir or madame, are a thief and a hypocrite.  
While I suspect you probably don't pay or declare income tax...
Do you live in a state where there is sales tax?  Yes?  Then you're a hypocrite.  No?  But you do buy things in that state, so you're paying VAT or the tax rebate the state pays other states for goods in transport for business on tax day built into the price of the good.  But maybe you just don't buy anything...so you're a thief.
But you do work, right?  So either you are paying payroll taxes each paycheck or your employer is paying them as a direct result of your employment.  So you're a hypocrite.  But maybe you don't work.  So you collect welfare?  Hypocrite again.  Maybe you don't collect welfare and don't work, and therefore must then survive either completely off the grid on your own farm (highly doubtful, plus, can't own property without tax...or you're a thief) or you're a criminal.  So you're a thief.
But let's say you live in a magic state where some homestead act gives property ownership rights without taxation, where productive activity on your land is not taxed and where you receive no welfare and you don't rob people because you're completely self sufficient (make your own clothes, own fire wood, etc.)...you're still a hypocrite and a thief.  
Here's how:
Do you use gasoline?  That's subsidized by the state.  You don't use gasoline?  Only horses?  But horse feed contained subsidized grains and other matter...but maybe you feed your animal only on food you grow.  Where does your water come from?  Your own private water source?  Good because if not then your water comes from a public source kept and subsidized by the state.  But maybe you and your animals are magic and don't require water to live.  
You do use the public ways, don't you?  Drive on them, walk on them.  Those exist because of a mandatory easement on real property demanded by the state for the use of the public.  Your driver's license is a LICENSE TO OPERATE a vehicle on the public ways, granted by the state in order to regulate who has access thereto.  No privilege there, right?  I mean, except for the whole privilege of being able to use a car on the damn roads.
But maybe you don't drive on public property or ever leave your amazing private, self-sufficient setup we've uncovered above.  You do use electricity don't you?  Obviously you do, you're on the internet.  How much state and Federal money do you suppose your utility takes?  But maybe you have some form of solar/wind/tidal power setup (and let's forget that all those technologoies are HIGHLY subsidized by the state).  
How do you send these inane messages to us?  The internet you say?  Forget all the Federal money given in the creation, perfection and promulgation of the internet.  Forget the subsidies that exist for laying backbone, straight-line depreciation allowances for developers to bring internet to areas (current and past) and all the rest of the privileges you get from simply having your data on the internet...for your message to have arrived here it had to pass through several gateways (your computers network ports, your router, your modem, the ISP, the backbone, etc.) ALL OF WHICH are governed by an FCC license.  That's right, your defiant statements of fake anarchism are transmitted solely because of a privilege given by the thieves you so haughtily dismiss.
But maybe you have magic internet injectors that don't require any technology and are therefore free of FCC licensing requirements.
In your fantastic private enclave which is totally self-sufficient and which doesn't require you to leave and which operates on magic...what sort of defense systems do you have?  Obviously you're not armaments because, you know, you don't accept privileges from thieves...like, you know, the fucking Constitution.  So you have some amazing walls I guess...to keep out thieves and brigands.  How often are your walls attacked?
In short, your safety is ensured partly by the coercive nature of the state police power.  The reason you're not fending for yourself with guns blazing (oops, I mean walls blazing!) is due in part because people know that if they make trouble the state comes looking for them and practices some amount of violence on their person or personhood - actual or existential.
I'd say that's a pretty big privilege.
So, I think it's clear you're a hypocrite...but you know what, you're also a thief.  How?  Because you don't pay taxes.  See, the rest of us recognize that the government, as corrupt as it is, conveys certain benefits - cheap gas, police and fire protection, the army, roads, drivers licenses, enforcement of contracts, etc - and we pay for those privileges and benefits of citizenship or residency through taxes.
You receive all those benefits, but you don't pay taxes.  Therefore you receive them for free in objection to your obligations.  So unless you're so poor the state doesn't levy taxes, you're a thief.
Good day.
@_date: 2019-03-06 23:06:55
Can you elaborate or send some sources?  I’m not doubting your comment but I’m interested to know more.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:45:39
In this case, would the capital gains be based on the purchase date of each fraction of a coin?  For example, if I buy $100 of BTC a week, then sell at a gain, don't I need to calculate the the difference in price between all the purchase dates and the sell date(s)? 
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:47:33
You can easily avoid taxes by not paying them!    Seriously though, at least in the US, you owe taxes on income, regardless of source.
@_date: 2017-05-05 00:38:02
Well done man.
@_date: 2013-08-21 08:26:15
Fixed it.  Firstly, their API doesn't work...nice job.  This was fixed by using an alternate server name of theirs.  
However, the name wasn't resolving.
A couple of possible causes: 1) the server(s) of the pool were suffering a DDos and DNS couldn't resolve; 2) *I* have a problem with my DNS settings on my linux box.  
Either way, I put in the IP direct with the right port and it worked.
@_date: 2013-02-18 16:52:29
I'll take a look.  What's the ACH fee, if any?
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:20:28
But that's sort of the point, I don't want to make a homegrown UI for my wallet.  I'm wondering if there are any pre-existing, which are reliable, that I can administer over the web (like a Coinbase wallet but one where I control the box completely).
Obviously connection to the web = vulnerability, but in this case, it's a small server, it doesn't serve any public purpose, just my own, and its as secure as I know how to make it.  
Maybe I'm wrong, but doesn't the wallet need web access so it can do transactions?  I can d/l it for offline storage and restore it from a backup if compromised (less any BTC earned from the time of backup) correct?
@_date: 2013-08-25 22:44:46
It's not so much resources, it's just ease of use.
@_date: 2013-08-25 20:20:54
Thanks.  I was hoping not to have multiple instances running...
@_date: 2013-04-29 19:57:39
I cannot believe how angry people get about paying tips to service workers.  It's just polite.  In SF, waiters get minimum wage ($10.55 currently), plus tips and our evil socialist health care system - and I still tip.  Why? Because it is a way to say thank you for serving me.  
There is a human, who's job is to smile and me and make me feel important and also not only to bring me food and drink, but respond to my whims in a timely manner and pleasantly.
So I say thank you.
Tips should not be the way people make up the difference between shitty wages and the minimum wage.  
That is ludicrous and barbaric.
I don't care if some waiters are making 60-70k.  If' you're making minimum wage plus tips and you're making that money, then you're excellent, working hard and at a high level of service...you deserve it.