@_author: lamemos
@_date: 2016-04-05 05:25:22
Bitcoin seems so fucked. I've been around since May 2011... always believed in it it was near unkillable, the government concerns in the USA eventually were mostly passed, things seemed good. Yet it rotted from the inside. Damn shame. 
I'm looking forward to shorting the hell out of it if we break down out of this multimonth long triangle thing. If it happens right now... people will panic out of their 'halving will save us' mentality.  If it goes up... obviously I'll trade differently... but I'm so pissed of with the situation it would be satisfying seeing Core and Blockstream flounder and fail amazing for the extreme damage they have done to Bitcoin. 
I've never bought an altcoin ever... but at this stage... if something like Ethereum actually takes hold I will move to it. Hasn't happened for me yet... but my eyes are open... it has real innovation unlike all the shitcoins. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 13:32:56
Yeah it is too bad core devs got trojan horsed and became that 'menace to the network' from the inside out. They want to turn bitcoin into an altcoin. Satoshi did not want Bitcoin to be settlement layer. Why is it being turned into one? 
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:46:49
Loyalty to Bitcoin is all that matters. Not Blockstream, not Classic, not XT, none of them, I'd happily go to any that properly manage things. All that matters is keep Bitcoin being Bitcoin and generally sticking to Satoshi's original plan, while also adding new features. Satoshis plan included block size increases. Been unhappy with Blockstreams handling of the situation. If they woke up to what a huge portion of the community wants/expects they have my personal approval again.
@_date: 2016-02-03 19:02:50
The miners all want blocksize increase. They want 2mb now. They just wish Core would do it. 
@_date: 2016-02-05 23:40:22
"Noisy complainers" make up like ALL of the miners. They'd just be more comfortable with Core doing the increase. But since Core has ignored them and a great amount of the community Classic has managed to gain real momentum. 60% of the miners, another possible 20% wavering with support. Noise complainers don't run a real risk of taking over and becoming the new dev team, a real movement does. And if they do take over it will be Core who failed to find balance between their ambitions and the needs/desires of the entire community.