@_author: lampshadeboogaloo
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:05:48
I come to these cryptocurrency subreddits from time to time and almost all the talk is about the value of the coin. It's rarely about technical information or spending it. It's so delusional how people justify the value of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin has a very flawed money supply algorithm. The supply isn't keeping up with demand even slightly and it's led to a deflationary spiral. No one's spending their coins because they know tomorrow a bitcoin will buy more than today. There is a huge incentive to horde money and wait which is exactly the opposite of what you want when attempting to build a currency. At some point in history we're actually going to reach a point where the amount of bitcoins decreases (no, or few, new bitcoins mined and people inevitably losing their coins), which is just madness. It's actually worse than a `real world' deflationary spiral because there is so little you can spend your Bitcoins on. When the price of Bitcoin is high enough, what are people going to do? It a pain to convert bitcoins into 'real money' and entirely dependent on the whims of large exchanges, so the whole system is a one-way street. Most of the people spending Bitcoins are those buying drugs from the dark web.
At some point they will be a crash when enough people, all at once, decided to bail out. Then they will find no one's buying. The few places that accept bitcoin for dollars, goods, or services will halt trading because they don't want to be left with a giant pile of virtual shit. Then we'll see the opposite of the deflationary spiral, only 100x faster. Then, maybe, after that, we can learn to engineer a system that is economically literate.
@_date: 2017-08-15 16:02:31
It's not only that. Go to any Bitcoin forum on the net (including and look at what people are talking about. Are they talking about actually using the currency? Na, it's all investment. Let's face it, people aren't using Bitcoin as intended. And, with the transactions fees being what they are, that's not going to change.
One day people will stop buying Bitcoin and a lot of people will hold a shit-tonne of virtual money they can't shift. It's literally a bubble. And, given the crazy money supply formula, there is no way to remedy this situation and make the currency in anyway viable.
