@_author: lank3y
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:00:16
You misunderstand the question. In order for that vehicle to be registered and licensed for the road there will need to be payment of taxes against the sale of the car. If the transaction was performed with BTC then the value of the transaction must still be rendered as a taxable sale of the vehicle and then reported with the bill of sale and transfer of title to the ministry ( government offices ) showing the payment of the taxes as well as the legal transfer of the title.
@_date: 2014-08-28 08:25:10
Any currency that is not providing a percentage to the central banks has little or no future. Sort of the same way gold was seized and simply made illegal to possess. 
see 
@_date: 2014-08-28 09:55:36
bitcoin can not be seized however financials agencies can be forced to close accounts on corporations that accept them as well as penalties. Simply put, laws will be put in place to protect the central banks. The only other possibility is that bitcoin is entirely independent with no exchange value and therefore has no external rate. I am not sure how such economics would play out.
@_date: 2013-12-11 06:45:05
Best lesson you can learn is at this age, that teachers are often bitter people in dead end jobs and they will blatantently crap all over students that are bright and full of promise. Why?  Because they are not very bright, never were, and their lives have no promise.  Learn this lesson early and learn it well as I speak from vast years of experience.  Being "right" is often "wrong" and "winning" is not about being right or smarter than other people.  Often there is no way to win because the game is rigged against you.  You can not win and you will not be right.  Not in that room and not with that person.  Learn that early and the world is a lot easier to deal with. Learn that people are in this world who seem to live for one purpose, to make others "wrong".  Their only way to "win" is to force others to "lose".  Learn this early so that it does not cost you your career, your relationships or something even more critical, your life. Yes, you did learn something wonderful and the lesson should be seen now.