@_author: lappdogg
@_date: 2018-11-29 20:32:59
I'm not sure where you live, but I'll leave this here b/c it sounds like you need a brush-up on what taxes are/what they go toward. Also, you don't have a thesis, you have an idea or opinion. Those are separate things. 
@_date: 2018-11-29 23:34:47
How is anything you said "conclusive"? Yes, taxes were created by humans, not imposed upon us. At least in the US, we \*literally\* revolted from the UK to create a new taxation (and representation) system that was more agreed upon. 
First, let me summarize John Locke's definition of tactic consent, which was foundational to the DoI and constitution and directly speaks to the issue you bring up. 






(this is a brief excerpt. If you'd like to read more: [
The high-level point is that, as long as there is nothing stopping you from doing so, if you don't like the rules of a given society (whether it be taxes, Sharia law, or anything in between), you are free to leave it and find one that suits your needs. If you don't like the rules and don't leave, you are giving your tactic consent to follow the given society's rules. In this case, that means paying taxes.
  
Second, what is your alternative to taxation? How do you expect infrastructure to be maintained? Public schools? Food stamps / assistance programs? Medicaid / SS? Public transportation? Education grants/awards/scholarships? Fuckin NASA?
In your first comment, you said:


THAT'S LITERALLY WHAT TAXES DO


You seem to be saying that if we have "anonymous money" then taxes won't be needed, or able to be collected, which is absurd. 
@_date: 2018-11-30 01:21:25
People already do that, regardless of anonymous money, via offshore accounts, tax loopholes, etc.
Still doesn't change the need for taxation in general. What is your alternative solution? No one pays taxes ever?
And with Assad, are you saying that crypto holders would what, put a slush fund together to assassinate him or other wrong-doers? That sounds A LOT more dystopian than the current system.