@_author: largentservices
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:49:57
Actually, there are two bitcoin atm's (btm's) in Oklahoma City:
1. One that was installed by New York based Coinsource on July 27th, along with a press campaign declaring it the "first bitcoin atm in Oklahoma," and
2. The actual first one that was installed by us, a local company called L'Argent Services, on July 6th at Outreach Thrift Store, 7532 SE 15th St. 
Their machine sells btc only, and their rate at the time of this post is 8.5%. Ours sells btc currently, but will be selling just about any coin a buyer wants within about a month. At 7.5%. And we intend to install a two-way machine (meaning you can buy and sell with our machine) asap.
Full disclosure: We are actually the second btm in Oklahoma. There was one in Tulsa for awhile, but it had lots of technical problems and liquidity problems, and hasn't been running in months from what I've heard. So, whoever operated the one in Tulsa was technically first, we were second (but the first to run one successfully), and Coinsource was the third. This is important to us because there were many press releases disguised as news articles going around declaring Coinsource the first. Nothing wrong with setting the record straight.
We'll be installing more machines in the coming weeks/months. Our goal is to put a machine within 15 minutes of anyone wanting to buy crypto in Oklahoma. We are a small, local company, so we are only a phone call or text away if anyone has any questions, comments, or just needs advice getting started with Bitcoin. We also do in-person trades. We've traded on LBC in the OKC area for over two years under the screen name Karovakia.
I'd put contact details here, but I'm new to the sub and not sure if that's against the rules.
Edited to add a couple of sentences and to fix typos.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:22:10
We're btc traders here in Oklahoma City. We've bought and sold bitcoin for almost three years. This is our full-time business, and we're registered with FinCEN. We installed the first bitcoin atm in the state. We also meet with people and do in-person trades. If you're near OKC, we'd be happy to help you and answer any questions you have.
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:00:28
I heard that it was important to move my coins to a wallet in which I control the private keys before the split. I did that; I moved my coin to Mycelium.
Then, I found out that Mycelium isn't supporting bch, but that as long as I hake my private key, I can claim them anywa' on another app or wallet that does support bch.
Then, after the split, I saw here on Reddit, on the Coinomi site, on Google Play, and a few online articles that Coinomi supports bch. I also saw how prompt their reps were in responding to comments here and elsewhere.
I looked up how to import my key into Coinomi, how to activate the bch wallet (yes, I used the proper derilation path), and followed it all very carefully. When the wallet was created, it showed a zero bch balance. So, I googled some more and fould countless sites, articles, and reddit comments asking Coinomi about importing from other wallets. After seeing this question asked seven times in various places, I noticed that no mather how talbative Coinomi's reps were in whatever thread, when this question was asked, the' responded with utter silence.
Enough is enough. u/coinomi please respond to this issue. Lots of people trusted you and saw how responsive you were... and now we're left wondering wtf happened to our coins.
Please explain how to move bch from a wallet such as Mycelium into Coinomi. Or, if that isn't possible, then explain why. And ffs- go back to every post and comment you made promoting your wallet as a safe way to claim bch and warn people that that isn't really true.
Tl/dr: coinomi was amazing to get bch compatibility so quickly and were great at promoting themselves... too bad they didn't tell the whole truth and refused to re to pleas for help from those who trusted them