@_author: larrysdonald
@_date: 2014-01-19 15:33:47
1080p also plays a part for the industry in general. Sure, you can DL generic porn and even pretty specific category porn, but if you insist on 1080p and a specific title that isn't particularly huge a bluray player and a bought disc (comes with it's own storage, doesn't lag or skip) looks pretty good compared to a lot of half-ass computer setups.
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:52:51
This is precisely how it works. The seller just packs it up (sufficiently to pass for a normal item) and mails it. A few sellers (two very publicly, I don't keep close tabs but I doubt it's even in the double digits total) have been busted, mostly due to sending too many too similar items from the same places and otherwise due to the same reasons any crime ring gets busted - talking about it[, leaving fingerprints, busts up or down their chains, fumble doing BTC&lt;-&gt;regular currency, so forth.. The average variations of human error/poor opsec - a way to communicate with mutual anonymity and the fact that you can (with some effort) send mail anonymously doesn't magically take care of all the other ways people get busted for things. Most not-online drug rings do not instantly fall apart even without those protection, but unless they get out of the game while their ahead they do indeed fall to other things eventually. Much of crime prevention if based on that people simply can't run something 100% perfectly forever, sooner or later mistakes are made.
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:17:02
Gambling in general is sort of the same as insurance, for a given value of "sort of the same". Economically, they're a similar tool, but opposite uses of it - insurance levels out risk by essentially betting against yourself, gambling spawns extra risk. Neither is necessarily a horrible position to take, but while certainly both get repackaged into neatly contained packages of pure highway robbery, gambling/high-risk positions are the more obvious go-to. People relate differently to small chances vs small risks, with "small chance" being the easier sell. Like "You own a person $60. He offers to let you get out of it if you roll a 6 on a standard dice, if not you pay $70" vs "You're selling an item for $60. Someone makes a proposal - roll a standard dice, and if you roll a 1, you get nothing. Otherwise he'll pay $70".
@_date: 2013-12-14 17:43:07
At the moment, yes. That's true for any currency pretty much. But adoption of anything can't outgrow general growth long term, like there isn't an exponential growth in people using USD for instance, so it's not a mathematical hinderance to bitcoin long term. It's more of a scalability problem until the infrastructure as a whole is large enough to handle the stable point of use it'll eventually reach. If it truly grew exponentially forever, it'd eventually hit a point where it's useless. It may run into issues even when adoption slows down, but it doesn't necessarily *have* to - it's possible to grow at k*x for a long time (possibly forever if it's slow enough to allow storage and speed to keep up) but not possible to grow at x^k indefinitely no matter how you twist it. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:26:29
Yes. Most of the pgp clients you use to encrypt your address are opensource (certainly gpg is) and carefully checked over. The math itself is normal RSA, also well researched. All this resides on your end and the sellers (not the sites) end - all the site sees is a block of encrypted data. They can be as untrustworthy as they like - they have access to nothing that would reveal your identity.
The seller, on the other hand, does know where he is (potentially) sending things but as mentioned that's the same anywhere.
[Gpg]( has the source code and some links to various deeper things. Googling pgp will turn up oodles of discussion about potential weaknesses and strengths of the encryption scheme.
A statement from the site is worthless, but it doesn't matter what they run or don't run as long as you don't give them your identity in cleartext. It's kind of like it doesn't matter if you trust every router between you and the bank when logging in to online banking. It's encrypted anyway so they have no access to your data, only you (buyer) or the bank (seller) can see it. The routers/access point in between (the hidden service) doesn't need to be trusted with anything as they only see cryptoed data.
[EDIT] I guess I should add that a risk you *do* run (just like all sites including the original SR) is that you can lose whatever bitcoins you have transferred there it the site goes away. It won't link back to you as a person, but once they're seized there's no way to retrieve them. Kind of like if you pre-pay for a drug deal (physically, not online) and before receiving the merchandize the seller gets arrested and all his assets are seized - you have no recourse for recovering what you've paid as you can't exactly file it in small claims court. A lot of people took a pretty cold bath on that when SR went down, but on the other hand it's a one-time hit - you can't do it continually as people would notice and you can't arrest anyone since you don't know whose money you just seized.
@_date: 2013-11-07 17:02:12
Umm, all information containing your identity *is* encrypted end-to-end (you&lt;-&gt;seller). Well, at least it better be if you know what's good for you. The only time you ever (*ever*) give out identifiable info is when buying, and when you do that you encrypt it before giving it to the site. It's assumed that all information actually on SR2.0 isn't protected (or at least there is no way to tell if it is or isn't, for obvious reasons), so anything you send cleartext to SR2.0 (or any other site) should have nothing in it identifying you (accomplished by the human not sending it).
I haven't said one word about what security measures SR2.0 itself uses, because no one can know that (ever, unless they're busted or revealed as a honeypot), hence why the system is set up so that their DB is worthless - it contains nothing linked to you at all beyond possibly a highly encrypted version of your address (your crypto, not theirs).
@_date: 2013-11-07 13:57:14
They would have to be all the vendors. Buyer&lt;-&gt;seller is encrypted another round independently of the site itself. They could be *a* vendor, but they always could (same as setting up a fake drug dealer on the street and arresting those attempting to buy) and it doesn't appear they have. The only thing stored at the site itself is your login and a bitcoin wallet. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 17:31:33
Not necessarily, it's just (linear)+(adoption rate). If adoption rate is exponential, yes, the total will be size^something , but if it's nothing it'll just increase at a steady pace as roughly the same amount of transactions keep happening and stacking up.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:49:22
It's also true for any other investment. Supposing you're correct and it keeps increasing in value (which isn't guaranteed for anything, just more or less likely) you'll have more by the time you cash out than if you'd cashed out earlier and spent it. There will always be an internal weigh-off regarding if you'd like to keep it invested in what it is or pull out in order to spend it on something or invest it in something else that potentially has a better return.