@_author: larrymoencurly
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:29:10
Apparently the astronauts were not as critical of SpaceX as portrayed by that report but were worried about lightly-supervised private for-profit companies possibly not being concerned enough about safety.  Notice that SpaceX (and Orbital Sciences) uses graphite-plastic wrapped helium tanks, which are not considered as safe as all-metal tanks, and one did explode during the fueling process.  Also SpaceX wants to start fueling their rockets in less than an hour before liftoff, meaning while any humans are already on board.  
Decades earlier, NASA astronauts were critical of the space shuttle, and I think  Wally Schirra called it unsafe junk (after it flew but before Challenger exploded).  
 
As for anybody who thinks space rockets are much better than they used to be, they're running the same fuels and materials that were used in the 1960s, and only the electronics have improved drastically.  The failure rate used to be about 1 in 10 to 1 in 100, something nobody expects to improve drastically, and Elon Musk himself said something about raising it to 1 in 500. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:28:52
Elon Musk is a powerful lobbyist.  A fairly new company outside the military-industrial complex doesn't get to launch satellites for the military unless it's very good at working the Washington establishment.  
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:59:29
NASA had its budget cut drastically, that's what.  Money matters:  when the Apollo moon program was proposed, the Vice-President Lyndon Johnson asked the fairly new NASA director, James Webb, how much he thought it would cost.  He thought $10 billion was needed, so he told Johnson $20 billion because he was afraid that if there were cost overruns and not enough money, safety would be compromised greatly.  In comparison, the replacement for the Apollo system, the space shuttle, was meant to be a cheaper alternative, and the design chosen was a much cheapened, by 50%, version of the cheap, using solid rocket boosters instead of only liquid fueled engines.  And the administration that introduced the shuttle didn't like the space program in general.  Also the space shuttle was expected to fly much, much more than it did, so the cost savings never materialized.  
 
An article that predicted the fate of the space shuttle, published a year before it first flew:  ["Beam Me Out of This Death Trap, Scotty!"](
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:09:12
In the 1960s, rocket expert Bono thought so:  "Straight back down to Earth: A history of the Vertical Takeoff/Vertical Landing Rocket"  [PART 1](  [PART2]( 
 
1993 test flight of 1/3 scale subsonic prototype:  [VIDEO]( 
 
Automatic landing systems had been implemented in the 1960s for military jet aircraft, including those that had to land on moving aircraft carriers.  The amount of computing power is probably roughly the same as for a rocket landing system.  Also remember that the Apollo Lunar Module from the 1960s could land on the moon by itself, and there were plans to do just that so astronauts who landed in their own Lunar Module could explore a larger area of the surface.  