@_author: larsquare
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:01:56
Just a thought but....What if GDAX is higher because they want you to trade on THEIR platform.  If you deposit dollars, you HAVE to exchange via GDAX in order to send to a site like Binance.  But if you buy their "High" priced ETH, you will effectively lose that money by transferring it to a site that its worth less on.  So it's a deterrent from you moving it somewhere else because it will cost you a ton.  Now if you buy ETH from them(Coinbase), you've been raped once already, and can transfer it freely. They want the buying and trading fees.  I'm just a rookie, but I'm no fool. :)
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:06:13
I was just trying to have some fun. Move a few bucks around and make a few in the process.  I can afford to lose the small amount i have in, My trading is just terrible.  Its my itchy trigger finger.  I do analytics, set limits, walk away.  Return 3 min later to "tweak" my buy, and miss the mark. (original would have hit)  I get some crazy itch and cant close the laptop and let my brain do the work.  
@_date: 2018-01-28 14:52:16
i Know. HODL.  I'm not actually trying to unload them for good, just buy low, sell high and accumulate more ether is the goal.  You know...a trader.  But man i suck.  Problem is....I sleep.  I hold and it drops overnight, I convert to USDT overnight, it skyrockets. (last 7 nights)  Seriously i'm  the worst ever.  The only good thing I've done is that i got my ETH in DEC.  Eth doubled and i sold and made great profit.  But since that spike, I've lost all the profit and am just a bit disheartened.  Needed a vent and perhaps a new sleep schedule.  Thanks guys.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:42:13
Not many I know of.  But it seems to me that Coinbase does the exact opposite  of what i just noticed in a Bear market.  As to avoid people moving eth over and cashing out for their real USD.  Its a good $100 cheaper in this bear, was 100$ higher in the bull.  
Once again, I'm just a rookie but its too coincidental to be an accident.