@_author: last_mockingbird
@_date: 2018-12-04 23:47:42
Watch this video, from finance expert on Bitcoin. It will enlighten you.
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:45:27
But it only goes so far.
Amazon was not the first online bookseller.
Apple was not the first to sell personal computers.
Facebook was not the first social media platform.
How about blockbuster? They had a MASSIVE economy of scale. But Netflix came along with a more modern, usable solution. Could Bitcoin be a blockbuster of the crypto world?
@_date: 2018-12-04 23:49:33
I already provided evidence, read my original post.
Read my original proof before spouting please. I want to have a discussion not a senseless shouting match.


This is categorically wrong.
A multitude of coins can boast that.
@_date: 2018-12-04 14:49:51
"By transacting and settling off-blockchain"
"do not broadcast (transactions) to the blockchain"
Doesn't this defeat the purpose of Bitcoin in the first place.
So you're routing your 'decentralized' payments through this network. It attempts to solve the issue by compromising the whole premise upon which Bitcoin was built. 
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:26:22
WRONG.  
Facebook was NOT the first social platform. Far from it. Friendster and Myspace to name two that started before Facebook. Facebook learnt from the mistakes of the earliest social platforms but still struck that balance of getting in early enough.
So what stops Bitcoin becoming the myspace of the crypto world?
None of your points address the original question. 
Decentralization is not unique to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-04 15:29:37
It's not my definition.
I thought it was common knowledge Bitcoin was conceived to be a currency first and foremost in response to the underlying issues that in part caused the financial crises. 


The point is, it will be easy to create one that is super, from a technical standpoint at least.
I'm not being difficult just asking a question that no one seems to be able to answer. 
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:49:47






So you're gone through the whole effort to build a blockchain solution and all that computing power for security.
And compromise that by running it through a network and introduce a weak link?
Why not just start from the ground up with a new crypto currency built for the scale that Satoshi never even dreamt of.
Has the market outgrown Bitcoin? Bitcoin is/was a groundbreaking technology and a pioneer that brought blockchain to the mainstream, but will it be a footnote in history as more sophisticated coins more suitable to the market take over?
@_date: 2018-12-05 07:55:50
Translation: I got in from greed to get rich quick, now it's going down, I'm convincing myself not to sell.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:27:10
Firstly thanks for the link. I've watch the video and taken some time to digest.
It was an insightful response, I agree with the general point the speaker is making. 
'Other coins will watch what happens to Bitcoin and learn mistakes cheaply'.
'Contentious hard fork will happen'.
'Bitcoin is paving new ground'
If anything this raises an even bigger question mark going back to my original question. I repeat 'why Bitcoin?'.
The speaker mentions as a result of these hard forks a stronger technology will emerge. But Bitcoin could be the loser as these new coins will have had more time to learn from Bitcoin's mistakes.
Remember Amazon was not the first online bookseller. Facebook was not the first social media platform. Apple was not the first company to sell personal computers.
I repeat, what stops Bitcoin becoming the AOL of crypto?
@_date: 2018-12-04 14:56:13


Thanks for your input.
My argument is that Bitcoin itself could have a hard time defending itself if it does not accomplish the purpose for which it was conceived, which is to be a widespread currency.


I meant genuinely superior coins coming to the market, especially now that there is exponentially more resources, media attention and investment going into crypto startups in general. Coins that are faster, more efficient and more suitable to be used as a currency.
A lot of people like to compare the crypto boom to the dotcom boom. In this vein I ask what stops Bitcoin becoming the modern day AOL?
EDIT Typo
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:30:51


Ok, so you're just avoiding my question. I think it answers it clearly.
When I say, it can be surpassed from a technical standpoint and the speed/cost is inadequate as a currency. Instead of addressing these points your response is to question the interpretation of it as a currency?
So let's not get sidetracked, this means you agree it's got it's limitations as a currency?
If this is true, going back to my original question, does this not mean it's got limited potential and could go obsolete?
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:42:40
Thanks for taking the time to write out this response. 
I was not into crypto in 2014 so cannot comment to the CNBC comparisons. I'm not regurgitating what I read in some article. These are questions I still have, having researching the topic in some detail as of late, and no one seems to be able to answer these.


If you look back to my original post, you will see that I already expressively agreed that I believe a decentralized currency will be the future. But this doesn't answer why Bitcoin specifically.
It's the most secure by what measure exactly? 
Would you not agree as it currently stands, Bitcoin has some pretty gaping flaws. Flaws that another crypto could come along and address with the advantage of having learnt from Bitcoin?


This is borderline delusional. Talk about intellectual honesty, it's clear example of bias. Rightly or wrongly currently a physical tangible representation wealth is more reassuring from a physiological perspective. 
Gold won't be subject to hacks, denial of service attacks. You can't just conjure up a Gold v2, Gold SV out of flipping thin air. I'm not saying one is better than another. But saying a digital '*asset'* less than 10 years old outclasses a proven valuable commodity with thousands of years of history, that has maintained strong value is ridiculous.
I now understand why even when Bitcoin was massively overpriced at $17,000, deluded people were calling for Bitcoin at $100,000+ by the end of 2018.
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:01:43
A secure protocol isn't unique to Bitcoin.
As crypto becomes more widespread, another coin could be taken up. As transactions increase it will have huge amounts of hash power.
If you had to transfer to another coin, that will just mean Bitcoin again will become obsolete as a currency as people will just buy whatever coin you need to transfer to in the first place!
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:18:55
Right. So when something 'better' comes along all that invested money owning Bitcoin will be worthless.