@_author: lastdoorrecovery
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:21:58
awesome question phrak79 - we can help with that to if anyone needs it :) 
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:05:57
Press Release January 10, 2014
First BC Non-Profit Society and First Drug Addiction Treatment Centre accepts Bitcoin Donations.  New Westminster BC
Last Door Recovery Society Board of Directors were presented with the idea of accepting Bitcoin Donations as a means of taking advantage of the new crypto currency phenomenon. After checking with CRA to ascertain the legality of issuing charity receipts for Bitcoin donations, the Board of Directors moved forward with the idea.  Last Door is also taking the pioneering step of accepting Bitcoin as payment for services. 
Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate and has no central authority or bank managing transactions. Nonetheless this new currency is gaining acceptance internationally. Vancouver made news in November 2013 by being the first city in the world to open a Bitcoin ATM where Bitcoins can be bought with and sold for Canadian Dollars. The value of Bitcoins recently skyrocketed from approximately $38 to over $1200 per coin and has settled back down around $800 USD per Bitcoin.  
Those with knowledge of cryptography, and information technology systems understand the process of how Bitcoins are transacted and confirmed collectively by the Bitcoin network.  Bitcoins can be purchased using traditional currencies, or they can also be generated or “mined”. People can generate Bitcoins by having their computers solve cryptographic mathematical problems that help verify the transfer of Bitcoins between users, the individual who solves the “block” with the right cryptographic hash gets rewarded with Bitcoins. The Bitcoin network self-corrects by adjusting the difficulty of solving the cryptographic hashes in an effort to limit the generation of new Bitcoins to 25 every ten minutes, or 3600 Bitcoins per day.
 
Bitcoin is open-source; its design is public, nobody owns or controls Bitcoin and everyone can take part.  For more details on Bitcoin visit   
Last Door Recovery Centre continues to be ahead of the curve with innovative thinking to increase sources of revenue to assist in the provision of its award winning addiction treatment services. As a North American pioneer in the addiction treatment industry Last Door provides services for youth 13 to 18 years old and adults 19 and older.  Last Door gets its stellar forward thinker reputation from taking brave steps such as going nicotine abstinent 17 years ago; a move that made Last Door one of the first addiction treatment centres with clients who didn’t smoke. On a weekly basis over 200 individuals receive services nationwide from Primary Care Treatment to Family Program Participants to alumni in Continuing Care Groups.
 
Last Door has created a webpage to accept Bitcoin Donations, Bitcoin transactions are processed through a Bitcoin wallet, an app that users download and install on their computers or smart phones. 
Last Door’s Bitcoin wallet address can be found here: 
contact pr