@_author: latigf
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:35:12
However miners want a permanent end to the block size debate with miner "voted" maximum block sizes. SegWit is largely irrelevant to this decision. If the latest Bitcoin Core release came with a configurable block size, they'd adopt SegWit tomorrow.
SegWit as a block size increase is only a short term can kick (much like the previously rejected 2MB hard fork), and as an enabler of off-chain scaling (Lightning Network) will take a completely unknown amount of time to be adopted by all merchants and wallets.
Miners are naturally conservative. It's strange to find that risking a network fork now seems like the conservative choice.
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:34:37
The general public will not accept Bitcoin as a normal thing unless the government is involved with all their tape to 'protect' the public.
The general public like to rip the shit out of the government but are the first ones to cry when they they want protecting.
Rep. Jared Polis: “Blockchain has the potential to transform the 21st-century economy. Lawmakers need to understand that as the world rapidly changes, it’s our responsibility to ensure that we craft policies and adapt laws that match our ingenuity. Blockchain’s potential to reshape everything from the financial industry, to supply chains, to cybersecurity, to health care is something we should embrace. I look forward to the Caucus’s upcoming policy briefings and meetings that will educate members of Congress on these innovative technologies.”
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:35:49
Love when this community hates on Coinbase, Gemini, and others that are bringing actual value to the ecosystem. Disgusting.
This sub is primarily programmers. They often trash talk those in the community who are in the "business" side of things. Often referring to them as "idiots" because they don't know how to code, and they don't understand the "technical side" of things.
It's the standard gap between the programmers and the business owners that you see in most businesses. Except in the real world, the programmers are the employees. Not the bosses. And for good reason. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:35:31
People sure get confused. FACT: Know Your Customer and Anti Money Laundering Laws have nothing to do with war on drugs or terrorism. It is so the governments and banks can control where the money is and inflate it away as a tax.
This withdrawal delay will stop some Yuan from fleeing into Seattle real-estate. But it now gives the Chinese (reminds, educates) permission for them to move their money into BTC and hold long. The Chinese are moving record amounts of money into overseas properties to avoid devaluation of the Yuan (Gov't pretends it's money laundering for control). Chinese can move to BTC legally IN ANY AMOUNT (no 50K limit) and hold, then move back after Yuan devaluations. These sudden and stupid moves from the PBOC are excellent eduction and publicity for BTC on the long term. The PBOC looks like they will become partners with the exchanges as they re-register as banks not exchanges, this is in order that the gov't does not lose out on all the upside going to be coming in BTC through heated currency wars and global economic turmoil. You are going to see BTC double or triple in value soon. The big money will see the moves and not want to miss out. No one trusts each other - hence that is why BTC exists. Have fun on ride dudes and dudettes!
@_date: 2017-02-10 05:36:03
Governments generally don't get involved in new shit until there is a loud enough demand or cry for it. Bitcoin still isn't HUGE by any means and probably wasn't even on their radar until like 2013. As it has grown its nearly impossible for someone that doesn't live there or speaks the language to understand whats going on. From my research there have been multiple MML and ponzi schemes that reached 50M+ over the last few years that has causes thousands to file lawsuits etc against some of these exchanges etc enough so that the PBoC is starting to give it more attention. It makes absolute sense that there would be a correlation between the price going up and fear that there is illegal activities going on. Unless you have proof that they purposefully want to dip the price I think you are being way to skeptical.
The fact these investigations have forced changes in these major exchanges proves they were not following government regulations. So what you are saying is they should not investigate when people complain and the price goes up and just let it keep going? I don't see the logic here. If no one has any fear that anything illegal is going on then the government announcing an investigation wouldn't impact the price as much. These exchanges literally never knew wtf the PBoC thought or would say when they eventually did so it makes sense they would have to keep a careful eye and the price would react wildly. If you had your money invested in something you didn't know if the government would consider legal or not you would have a trigger finger ready.
@_date: 2017-01-03 15:02:57
ATM should work, the fees are usually a bit high though. You will probably need your ID, cash and a way to display the QR code for your wallet (didn't realize they made wallets for Kindle but that should do it).
Not sure what you're referring to about instantly vs ages. When you are waiting for a third party to broadcast a transaction (like the ATM company) it is really up to them when they broadcast it to the network. Once it is seen by the network though it should be included in the next block (~10 minutes) assuming it had the appropriate fee.
Also not sure your question on %, I'm assuming you are referring to the % markup from the ATM operator? This is just their fee for their service. LibertyX is another good option to buy Bitcoin locally with cash and has less fees than most atms I believe..