@_author: lauderdalebitc
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:01:06
All the G10 has to do is decide that the day has come, and they can point their collective computing power at any blockchain, and poof... all gone.
@_date: 2014-06-30 04:59:08
TDBank is apparently retaliating against me for buying bitcoin.  They wont let me use my ATM card.  Lets destroy these fiat f^ck once and for all
@_date: 2014-06-04 07:24:24
What if Google DID release such a coin, but they did it pseudo-anonymously as some mysterious European or Asian recluse, building an entire mythology around a fabricated name like... idk, Satoshi Nakamoto, or Mr. Miyagi, or Vladimir something.  
But like always, they knew that in the end they would control it all, and by the time we figured out that we'd been bamGoogled, they'd have thousands of peacekeeper drones in the skies in every city, and we would be trapped in our homes mining coins on implantable ASICS, contemplating whether to take that red pill, or not...  
@_date: 2014-06-13 13:27:05
Religion is indeed crap.  But there is such a thing as truth.  The veil is lifting, and truths about extradimensional reality are being revealed whether you like it or not.  Its everywhere, so endeavor to understand it.  
You are being fed religious content constantly, only it is occulted and subliminal as it comes in through the world (e.g., mass media).  If information in this field of investigation offends you, then ask yourself why does it have that effect: why does the concept have that power?
If it has power to elicit a visceral reaction in the soul of men, then it is verified as a real force in our world.  Money is strongly influenced and influential in the spiritual domain.  It is essential to understand lest you succumb unwittingly to its power.  That is the point.  It is relevant to cryptocurrency - bigtime
@_date: 2014-07-09 03:56:02
There is a crypto coin that seems perfect for getting kids into the space - PIGGY coin!  
@_date: 2014-08-06 02:41:17
Criminals are not given any protection.  This is about exempting individuals from licensing requirements and bond-holding requirements which Lawsky's regs entail.  Only the biggest corps and banks will be able to get bitlicenses, and that means all cryptocurrency markets will be wholly owned and operated by the same people who now run the USD economy.  Youre either very stupid or a shill.
@_date: 2014-07-10 03:05:24
Merchant = Nunnayourbizness, Inc.
@_date: 2014-06-09 19:38:06
I had no problem with TD Bank.  Not only did I send money directly to coinbase but I also frequently ran in to my local branch trembling with excitement to deposit cash in order to receive bitcoin through my localbitcoins vendor.  (that would be princess.crypto = highly rated).  So far TD Bank has not excommunicated me...
@_date: 2014-06-15 02:12:36
By far the easiest and fastest way when all is said and done (because of the anti-money-laundering (AML) and know-your-customer (KYC) rules that require all other online BTC sellers to see your photoID and proof of residence data, which is never good enough for them it seems...).  I use localbitcoins and get my new btc in my wallet less than an hour.  You pay a premium, that is the bitcoins will be selling for a higher price on localbitcoins, but you save time and its reliable.  FYI my contact on localbitcoins is princess.crypto and she never fails
@_date: 2014-06-15 02:24:56
In the long run, coinbase and blockchain.com are the easiest way to operate an online wallet and so far they seem protected from hackers by the bitcoin foundation.  Facebook has a new bitcoin wallet app but i suspect hackers will try hard to get at it.
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:54:01
I propose a new approach to fighting these regulations: a 2-TIERED BITCOIN REGULATORY REGIME.
One set of rules for the big boys, no rules for the little guys.  
We won't win the argument (and have already lost it) that crypto should remain unregulated in the macroscopic side of the economy (like global banking and financial services).  On that scale bitcoin and crypto are better when regulated,
for many reasons (to enable insurance coverage of deposits, to enable large scale trading and investment, to reliably pay salaries and govt benefits, to create sophisticated long term investment vehicles, etc). The banks, major corps, and big money orgs need rock solid regulation for their purposes.   
But why does that mean that I cant personally use my own wallet, or my own coin, or any other money substitute on an individual level freely?  I dont have the same problems or goals as banks and corps.  To impose banking and finance laws against an individual or small group as against an investment banking or insurance firm is arbitrary, inherently discriminatory, and an unconstitutional abuse of power for those reasons alone, forget all the other issues.
We should push for a SAFEHARBOR RULE, a size-based EXEMPTION, to get added to the regulations which basically exempt everyone who is not a bank or financial services operation from the strict and heavy burdens of the Lawsky shitball.  This safeharbor/exemption would define two classes of crypto users and business people, (1) regulatable and (2) too small to be touched by regulations.  Thus it would explicitly protect individual rights to crypto, regardless of what the larger financial institutions and corps must face as regulators decide to impose proportionally large and ever-changing burdens upon themselves for legal and economical reasons.  There is just no nexus between individual crypto use and the banking industry.  The proposed Lawsky rules must be amended to create two distinct legally-recognized classes of crypto users: (1) big enough to need regulating, and (2) too small to touch.
Thus, with a two-tiered regulatory system, the banks can get what they want, but they dont hinder the participation and creativity of individuals and other types of crypto adopters.  The Lawsky rules automatically preclude the small class of crypto user from engaging in the crypto-economy at all, and this is patently unconstituional.  The best way to maximize the value of crypto overall is to go 2-tiered, so the Lawsky rules apply to his pals on Wall Street while they do not touch anyone below the safeharbor threshold, anyone doing less than $X volume of crypto transacting per Y amount of time, or whatever the best way is to carve out the exemption.  This would allow hobbyists, small businessowners, individual investors or daytraders, localbitcoin members, college kids, etc to continue benefiting and innovating.  The result is simple, efficient, and equitable: As long as you arent playing with dangerous amounts of crypto, no rules at all apply to what you do with it in privacy.  
Subthreshold level users of cryptocurrency shall thus be protected and their crypto treated under the law like any other chattel or like any other medium of free speech, free association, etc.  This way, the issue facing us as regular folks will be not, "What am I allowed to do with my bitcoin," but rather, "What is the current threshold for the safeharbor and should it be raised or lowered?"  
Then the banks and big corps can operate in their parallel universe with the regulatory rules appropriate for them, while the average citizen would be free to keep on doing what American's do best, invent awesome stuff that makes money and kicks ass. Most individual crypto users, startups, and developers would be under the threshold in the unregulated zone (the safeharbor, in legal jargon), at least until their products go to market or until their services gain widespread adoption.  Thus the safeharbor also protects a start-up incubator zone.
This type of arrangement is well established in many areas of law and the regulators will instantly understand how to implement it. And they will probably embrace it because it saves them face, and it spares them the chore of policing dorm rooms for potcoin mining operations and other piddly shit that no one from a cop to a senator wants to manage anyway.   Such a two-tiered system will give the dicks-and-mortar bigshots their required foundation, while pleebs and neighborhood fantasy football leagues can have at it without worrying about the Secret Service raiding them for operating an illegal money laundering operation, and that asshole friend of yours with three felonies on his criminal record can participate too without having to get a pardon from the governors of all 50 states.  
Thus, the original purpose of bitcoin as it pertains to Libertarianism is preserved, but the large scale use of bitcoin in the financial services and banking sector can also proceed, heaping as much regulation as they want upon themselves.  
The best way to promote this idea would include a declaration modeled in part after the first and second amendments of the US Constitution, such as:  "Because participation in commerce is indispensable for an individual's security of person and property, and because commercial speech is a first amendment right protected under the Constitution, no person shall be prevented from holding, sharing, transmitting, acquiring spending or otherwise using any currency when the same actions are legally permitted to users of another currency within the same or an equivalent jurisdiction, or when said actions are reasonably related to free expression.  An individual or group of individuals shall not be subject to any regulation(s) on their use of cryptocurrency or any other exchangeable unit of value per se, regardless of whether profit is sought or made thereby or against whom they may be competing, so long as the total amount of that use of that particular individual or group 
of individuals remains below a clearly defined threshold.  
Said threshold shall be published clearly by a competent regulatory authority bound by written rules, with the public having a right ("standing") to challenge said thresholds in the Article III courts.  And said threshold shall be rationally related at all times to the practical distinctions separating individual persons from professional banks and large corporations who are an inherently incompatible class appropriately charged with meeting high standards in order to operate in compliance with banking and finance laws. None of those banking and finance laws, nor any related rules, nor any other restrictions shall directly or indirectly limit a person's right to freely own and use a currency within the limits of the safeharbor for any reason whatsoever.  
Although there is a risk that individuals may commit crimes with any currency, no use of currency shall be punished or prevented in toto merely because other bad actors commit crimes sua sponte.  This safe harbor is therefore necessary to maximize the economic vitality of citizen communities, and of the financial health of the nation, to prevent unfair advantages and abuses by large banks and financial firms, to preserve social justice, to preferentially benefit the poor and unbanked, and to maximize the value and innovation derived from emerging and experimental forms of currencies, particularly cryptocurrencies and other digital means for storing and transmitting units of potential economic value."
 - Not very eloquent in this rough draft form, but I think this concept is the way to win.  If you agree, feel free to copy it, take credit for it, and run with it wherever you like.
@_date: 2014-07-31 08:36:03
There is also the Vericoin Time Machine, and my personal favorite: The Beast in the Blockchain: 
If DTBSS is a feature film youre working on, crowdfund it!  It would make for a good cryptochick flick ;p
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:43:55
Totally unconstitutional.  Although, thanks to Obamacare there is a precedent that says the government CAN tell you how to spend your money.  Way to go liberals, you brought butthurt upon us all once again
@_date: 2014-06-05 05:48:47
The data logs from Mt. Gox tell us what was driving the price between 2010 and 2013: trading bots hidden in the network that made buys with imaginary dollars and made random sales to create the illusion of liquidity.  Listen to episode 115 of Let's Talk Bitcoin for discussion with the analysts (link: 
Bitcoin will prove to be as susceptible to manipulation, corruption, and human / machine error as everything else in this fallen world.  Yes I invest in it and support it, but no it will not save humanity nor will it solve the problems that are inherent in the world ever since the fall of Adam.  Bitcoin may prove very useful to the New World Order though along the lines of Revelation 13:17.
Stay sane and sober folks.  Bitcoin is another one of man's devices and they all fall short, and then fail.  Salvation and perfection only come from the Savior, and you know who that is.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:57:52
You assume Google is unbiased and uncensored.  Erroneous assumption.  For at least one proof, investigate "the right to be forgotten" or "google purges irrelevant and inadequate knowledge"
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:00:00
Bitcoin is not intended to be perfect, it is intended to solve problems inherent in fiat currency.  Cryptocurrency, like any other paradigmatic innovation, has flaws and side-effects.  It also has unique utility and tremendous value.  The price of BTC reflects the balance of these factors.  I suggest you BUY asap.