@_author: lawrencium265
@_date: 2017-07-09 04:50:06
i explained it in the comments, basically tax rates are higher in lower land value areas while they're lower in wealthier areas because you only need a fixed dollar amount to run a government. not to mention that wealthier people don't tie all of their money into their primary residence, so they're not getting constantly taxed on their entire net worth or even more than that if you don't own your home outright. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:05:18
property tax gets deducted as an expense on income producing property. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:07:28
property tax gets deducted as an expense from income producing property in the us,. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 04:41:45
if you're rich and your house is 1% of your assets and you pay 1% of the value that's barely anything to you. if your house is 500% of your total assets (you only have 20% equity) and you have to pay 2.5% of your homes value (tax percentage in lower value areas is higher to make up for lower tax revenue)  that's quite a bit of money to you. 
you end up with rich districts with really low property tax rates and budget surpluses to make their communities even better and really poor districts who have to keep increasing tax rates because the property value keeps dropping and they don't have enough money for school busses. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:43:52
it still doesn't address the fact that certain land is going to be worth more than other land. some land has resources on it that other land does not. an acre on the California coast is not worth the same as an acre in a swamp in Mississippi.  you can't just average it, and who's to say how much space a house should have for the exemption? who cares if i have a few acre lot to live on in Wyoming? but people in New York get to live on  20sq ft? 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:28:42
that's essentially what they do, they apply a value to the property based on comparable properties in the area, they don't give a fuck if you have diamond encrusted toilets just the square footage and number and type of rooms, they also add a land value by land area. land in one area of a county is worth more than other areas of the same county just due to geography. your way is still wildly stupid in the us, because farms would have to pay about 95% of the taxes, and farming would be unprofitable and the land would get abandoned. nobody squats land here, they farm every square inch of it until its too valuable to use for that and someone wants to build on it. if there's a vacant commercial lot, with a for sale sign up, it also has corn growing on it. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 04:19:39
well that's bullshit, land taxes disproportionately benefit the wealthy. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 04:35:01
well you're thinking of dollar amount, not in percentage of income. if you compare a wealthier County to a less wealthy county then it's clearly unfair. a wealthier Countys property will generally be worth more and be more dense with more people. so to meet operating costs for the county they don't need to tax as high of a percentage on the properties in that county. while a less dense lower value county needs to change a higher percentage to meet operating costs. also if you look purely at primary residence compared to net worth , that's most of or all of poor people's money, in fact they likely don't even have full equity, so they're paying an even higher percentage of tax for what they actually own. while it's barely anything compared to what the rich own. then you look at renting and property tax is factored in to the cost of renting and deducted as an expense, so the property owner is just transferring that cost to the tenants and realizing the equity and appreciation while deducting depreciation as a cost (double dipping) 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:19:13
it still doesn't solve the problem of districting, this would just make it more even within a particular district and encourage people to build really tall, narrow buildings like in Amsterdam. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:02:19
in the us we fund schools, and local governments primarily with property taxes (taxes on real property (real estate)) so your property might be in 10+ various government districts (city, county, park, grade school, high school, etc) each one gets a percentage of your land value in tax. so if you live in a district with a bunch of mansions worth $1M each, your rate is going to be quite low due to this, only a fraction of a percent. If you live in a district with the same number of homes that are on average worth around $75k then the percentage is going to be quite high, maybe even equivalent to 5% of your yearly income, those dollar amounts are going to be about the same though. the $1M properties aren't in the same district as the $75k property, so they don't affect each other at all. so yes, if we had a country wide property tax, it might be a little more fair, if the minimum cost of living was deducted from the initial valuation. otherwise people who have had to borrow money to buy a primary residence are paying tax on money they don't even have.    