@_author: lawsucks
@_date: 2013-12-11 01:51:30
Nobody around here has a clue how patent law works. Let me enlighten you.
First, "first to file" has little bearing on pre-existing methods. Pre-existing methods *always* count as prior art. The difference is that before the American invents act, if an inventor could show that he or she invented something prior to the pre-existing method, then you could still get a patent. Practically, with software, that is nearly impossible at the patent office. For obvious reasons, the patent office is not a big fan of "swear-behinds" as they are often called, and looks at them very carefully. Even still, the swear-behind period is effectively only 1-year prior to the filing date of an application. In other words, you can only swear back 1-year or less. Any pre-existing methods older than a year, would still count. So, even assuming "bitcoin" counts as a "pre-existing" method (it doesn't--see my second point), it would have been way more than 1-year prior to the filing date of this application. 
Second, and most importantly, this patent is not subject to first-to-file requirements as it is a continuation of an earlier filed application in the year 2000. Again, this patent dates back at least to the year 2000. That means that any prior art you would need to find would have to be prior to the year 2000. So, if this application did "invent" bitcoin, it was indeed well before bitcoin ever existed, and they should be able to get a patent on it. 
Third, if you read the claims of this application (the only thing that matters) they have very little bearing on bitcoin. 
It is really annoying all of the patent hate that gets thrown around when most people have no clue what they are talking about. Patents are incredibly complex, and so unless you actually understand them, it is very hard to determine what is going on. This application dates back to the year 2000, and thus bitcoin as prior art is totally irrelevant. Yet, that *critical* fact is never mentioned anywhere.