@_author: lawtonfogle
@_date: 2012-03-25 22:38:17
You would think of it like losing gold instead of money.  The trading value of the rest goes up until such a point as the lost amount is found.  The big question is if enough will be lost to have an impact on the market, something I have no data or knowledge to which I can even attempt to answer.
Due to information nature of bitcoins, it would be theoretically able to find it again, but at an extreme cost.  Assuming the society would progress infinitely and bitcoins continued to exist (a pretty poor assumption in my own opinion, as things will change in the next couple 1000s of years, so many bitcoins would be lost that the price of a bitcoin would rise to the point that the effort spent finding the lost bit coins would be worthwhile.  The only problem is if the effect required to find them is so high that there is no feasible way with the scale of the bitcoin economy that it will ever be worth spending the effort to find them, in which case we would see a slow decay of bitcoins over time until there are too few for them to have any worth as a transaction.
This may be avoided if a bitcoin can be divided into great and great extents over time as technology increase.  As such, you can imagine a world with less than one bit coin left in existence, but being traded in such small amounts that every 1/30millionth of a bitcoin is worth what a single bitcoin would be worth once we hit the 21 million limit.
If this happens, then oneday it will become worthwhile to find the bitcoins again, but if any significant amount is found (even a single bitcoin in our imagined world), the effects would basically crash the current market with hyperinflation that even outmatches the worst examples we currently have of creatable money.  They would have to basically divide up their found bitcoin(s) into amounts on part with what is being used and trade in small amounts, never realizing the potential of their full wealth due to the damage it would cause to the economy.   They would basically induce constant inflation at a rate that gets them the most bang per buck without crashing the economy.
Why would the economy crash?  What would happen if the feds decided, for what ever reason, to print out 2 times the amount of money that currently exist, both paper and electronic, and give it to a single person (and we are assuming you can't tell this new money apart from old money)?  This person could buy what ever they want, how much of it they want, while everyone else undergoes hyperinflation.  People would be better off not using the form of currency and instead switching to something else that isn't hyper-inflating.  In the case of bitcoins, they will just switch back to paper money, thus making bitcoins less useful for those who use it to trade in illegal activities (as these are the only people who would have some reason to not switch back to creatable money during a bit coin hyper-inflation) as there is no way to turn it back into real money.
While you could perhaps make rules to regulate what could be done with found bitcoins in such a hypothetical economy, doing so would utterly defeat the point of bit coins and spell their death as well.
The tl;dr version is like 3 levels of if/then/elses.
@_date: 2012-03-26 00:36:00
I thought I handled that possibility elsewhere (I did in my mind, perhaps I forgot to type it out).  Anyways, that being the case, then either we get infinite division of bit-coins (so that millions of years from now, we will do transactions in nano-bit coins as the vast majority of all bit coins have been lost over time), or if it isn't infinitely divisible, sooner or later we will end up without enough bit coin pieces to keep an economy flowing.