@_author: lazy-physicist
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:13:20
Where can I buy this crystal ball that is serving you all this information.
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:29:38
Why? It's not my or anyone's job to give you free lessons in how to reason.
You are acting like a prick... Or even worse a stupid one. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:47:14
... Because beanie babies dont have a finite supply? While gold to some extend does, and bitcoin does aswell.
@_date: 2017-12-25 02:03:45
When I have a lot of cash I would like to store this cash in a place that is "safe". Safe is a word I am gonna use here in the sense that I would not like a thief or a market drop relief me of my cash. So normally I would go to a bank and open an account. Sadly this is never cheap and depending on how much cash you are interested in putting away, it will cost you.
Of course, I also have an option to just keep my cash with me in Fiat but that means I have to carry around bags. 
For me, the purpose as Bitcoin is currently is simply that... a way to store my cash and move it around from A &gt; B. In that essence it will create demand ( many of my friends bought bitcoin for that very reason). It also gives me a lot of benefits in terms of taxation... but I won't dive too deep into this aspect. But that by itself is also a large reason for people to jump onto Bitcoin. ( taxes will hurt my income more than a 70% drop in BTC value would.) 
Sure, the movement part is becoming more and more expensive as we go along because of the fees, but what new system didn't have kinks along the way. 
An obvious "flaw" in my reasoning is that it requires you to believe that Bitcoin will adapt and resolve its issues along the way. I surely do believe it will or will help the whole blockchain tech get there. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 11:54:56
Why is Coca Cola more popular than Pepsi? Brand has something to do with it. Bitcoin is the Coca Cola of the crypto currencies, and therefore it invokes more trust in people to use it. Trust is a big aspect here in crypto's. 
That beeing said why is it more valueable besides brand? Hashpower = Safety= Trust.
Hashpower that goes into bitcoin is the trust value that it gives to people using it. Is it possible in the future another Princess Di beanie baby will dethrone Bitcoin.... sure of course, the same thing happened to Myspace and might even happen to Facebook. But it's hard to say. 
Currently, all crypto's are riding Bitcoins back because most news investors trust in them because of Bitcoins success 
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:54:51
Is this a common theme in all your argumentation? You repeat the obvious as if it wasn't stated? Yes, I am insulting your intellect. I stated that very fact in my previous comment. 
I also stated that it's not my job or anyone else's to have to educate you on these matters. Therefore it's clearly not my "job" to back up an insult (... who backs up an insult?) unless I am being paid to do so.
But you know what? Fuck it! 
Arguing that you should not automatically assume that bitcoin is not going to be a success story is an idiotic one.
Why? Because it's stating the obvious fact.
You have no other example of a cryptocurrency case study to back up it will be successful, but guess what genius... there is not a counter to that same argument either. There is no way for you to currently know based on current information it won't be a success story. There is no way for you to be "critical" when there is no presented proof or data you can show to contradict or confirm that fact.
So stating that bitcoin could succeed or fail is like stating that the sky is blue... any argument going on from that is called "ärguementation out of ignorance". Since you don't know and there is no way to actually know, that is where you stop talking about the subject.
In case you didn't notice on the basis of my tone. Don't bother responding, I am not going to spend more time giving you a free education on how to reason.
PS:There is no irony in anything I said, the only irony is that you yet again, are stating the fucking obvious.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:40:32
I want to store 10k of my money in bitcoin... I actually need to buy bitcoin.
Want to store money in gold? You need to buy gold, not that different is it?
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:29:16
Nothing... Nothing keeps it from going down, no federal system, no backup regulation! NOTHING. Which was the whole point to begin with.
Bitcoin is worth more because WE the people decide it's worth more to us. Sure it doesn't function well as a currency right now but it works just great as a way to hold my assets. Similar to .... gold or silver?
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:45:26
Yes it is, its insulting for you to even further this discussion without accepting that. I never made such a claim, you are assuming I did. Therefore you are argueing against a strawman.
I am open for discussion otherwise.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:42:07
Sure it COULD be, but that is to be said about many things.
Right now Bitcoin made me a wealthy man, and I love the idea of being able to carry my assets around in a simple usb. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:52:37
That is a strawman arguement.
I never claimed Bitcoin has value because it has finite supply. I simply answered why I buy bitcoin and not beanie babies to store my assets.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:52:43
It really gets frustrating when I have to repeat myself. But for the sake of education... I will repeat myself one more. 
You asked me why I think Bitcoins goes up or down. I answered DEMAND.
Then you proceeded to ask why I wouldn't store my money in something else, like beanie babies. (here is where the fallacy starts). As it is required to buy them. I answered that I wouldn't do so because they simply don't have a limited supply. A and B have nothing to do with each other. 
I never claimed I stored my money in Bitcoin because of limited supply,  I simply answered why it's not "more like beanie babies". I answered that question with demand. It's a straw man fallacy, stop making me repeat myself and asking me to have an open mind. I am all for discussion, but stop making A=B it's not.
As to answer your question or more rather what I think you are implying. I know people who store money in goods that are... unique or rare, especially "old money" has the tendency of doing so. The reason I wouldn't use beanie babies ( while some may?) is the same reason I wouldn't use gold. It's material, I travel a lot and I like to keep my stuff with me. Now the idea of carrying around 100 tons of beanie babies sounds appealing to any kids I might have. It is not to me.  That being said Bitcoin as in what Satoshi made it to be, does have value assigned to it... it's computational power. It's a strange one yes, but it does correlate to some extend to the value it has. Stop acting like it's something that is determined out of the blue... it is not. 
If bitcoin hardness of mining was lowered so would the price. Notice the correlation?
Bitcoin while volatile is offering me exactly what I want it to, a way to store my assets without anyone having any business in how I do it. That is portable and safe. Is it perfect? Hell no, but either case it already performed its purpose for me and many others anyhow. 
@_date: 2018-05-27 00:34:39
@_date: 2018-07-15 09:45:18
Contrary to popular belief, you are not completely anonymous in the Bitcoin network. That is how the whole idea of a blockchain works, as every wallet is visible within the wallet. That is why Bitcoin is considered   pseudo-anonymous.
The reason why is because FIAT is not anonymous, so when you change your bitcoin into FIAT you kind of give it away. There is no way you can be tracked inside Bitcoin if you aren't an idiot and give away indirect ways to show you own the coin.
Same reason we haven't found Satoshi yet.
So nice try, but this has nothing to do with Bitcoin but with FIAT
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:51:50
This one actually made me laugh! Have an upvote!
@_date: 2018-04-13 09:08:18
My Magic Eight ball Predicts $241,812 for the price of Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-12-11 15:16:48
Seriously... Nobody here knows you can just inspect element and make this be whatever the hell you want it to be?