@_author: lbctrader
@_date: 2016-11-01 02:21:05
You can trade gift cards for bitcoin on paxful or localbitcoins.  Due to the high risk of fraud, don't expect to get more than 50% of the value if you have no trade history, but it's an option if you're in a hurry and willing to take a significant loss.
@_date: 2016-10-22 15:27:49
Even if you buy from a reputable seller, you can still get ripped off.  The sellers are brokering the cards, so potentially many people have the card number.  You never know who is going to scam you.
I've bought many of these cards and I always spent the card as soon as possible.  Spending the card immediately is difficult with certain vendors such as Amazon because they don't charge your card until the order ships. So I could only buy stuff from places that I knew would submit the charge immediately.  If I couldn't spend the entire amount, I would often buy gift cards with the remainder, but most places have a dollar limit on how many gift cards you can buy at once, so generally I could only get away with buying gift cards in small amounts (under $50).
Overall, about 75% of the time I spent the card and nothing went wrong. The other times, people tried to rip me off in various ways. The most common was to call up Vanilla and report the card lost/stolen.  Vanilla will cancel the card and mail a new one.  If you try to check the balance on one of these cards after it's been reported stolen you get a message saying to call customer service.
Another thing people did was to look at the purchase history, then call the merchants and try to get refunds.  If I spent the card at a few different places, they often wouldn't bother calling them all, but if it was just one or two then they would try it.  Most places would not fall for it, but PayPal was a bit different.  A few people called up PayPal and got them to open disputes.  Paypal was very inconsistent about this.  In some cases the seller won the dispute and in some cases Paypal refunded the money.  The refund would go back to the gift card, so then they'd call Vanilla and have the card cancelled and reissued so that they could keep the refund.
In a few rare cases people convinced Vanilla customer service to issue chargebacks.  They're generally reluctant to do that, but if you beg hard enough, they will.  In at least one case, the seller fought the chargeback (via PayPal) and won.  In other cases, the seller lost the money.
Overall it became a big hassle to deal with these cards, and lately I've been trading btc via other methods.
@_date: 2016-10-23 14:26:01
Well, you could, but visa gift cards on ebay have such a high markup that it wipes out most of your profit.
The ebay sellers will insist on mailing the card to you.  When they get a chargeback, they will use the tracking number and signature confirmation as proof of delivery to fight the case with Paypal.  Paypal will ban your account.  You can possibly make another account, but if you do this repeatedly, Paypal will ban your mailing address.
@_date: 2016-10-23 01:37:36


Actual chargebacks (not just harassing the merchants for refunds) happened around 10-20% of the time.  It varied depending on how and where I spent the card.  People were much more likely to attempt a chargeback if there was only one transaction.
@_date: 2016-10-22 03:22:29
Simple.  After they have your btc, they call up Vanilla customer service, report the card stolen, and try to get their money back.
It often doesn't work, but a few people were successful at ripping me off this way.
@_date: 2016-10-25 03:09:33
You'll get away with it for awhile.  If you do it enough, eventually someone will complain and you'll get banned, so don't use an ebay account that you care about.
@_date: 2016-10-23 14:30:57


Yeah.  If I spent the entire card in one transaction, it made it much easier for someone to do a chargeback because they only had to dispute one transaction.  This made it much more likely that they would do so.