@_author: le_commentateur
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:09:58
Bitcoin is just a concept with a bunch of variables on it. Litecoin is the same concept with different variables. Trying to determine which set of variables is "good" and which is "bad" is really arrogant.
Having only 1 blockchain is extremely dangerous, because it's a unique point of failure. Getting the blockchain destroyed would be disastrous for the crypto-currency economy. The only way to preserve the wealth is to have multiple blockchains where you can spread that wealth. Hiding Bitcoins in cold storage is no good if the network get attacked and the value is destroyed. It's a black swan event that can be strongly destructive if we're not prepared.
Also, like in any market, you have buy and sell positions. When you buy Bitcoins, you use your USD to get into the BTC market. But what do you do when you sell? You go back to USD? I taught the point of crypto-currency was to get rid of fiat currencies. You can't make a revolution if Bitcoin is stuck with the BTC/USD pair to determine its value. 
"Oh, but why would you sell Bitcoins?" Because it's a market, you can't buy if people don't sell. Even if 95% of people want to buy, there is still a 5% of people that need to sell to the others. What are you going to use to buy Bitcoins? Right now, you are simply making the USD more important by being so dependant on it. 
Litecoins (and other alt-currencies) can be mined by accessible tools for general people. Tons of Litecoin are used to buy Bitcoins everyday. Those people are NOT using fiat currencies to get Bitcoins. 
98% of alt-currencies are worthless since it's easy to make one. It's a lot harder to build the economy around it though, that's why so few coins emerge from the abyss. 
At the end of the day, yeah, you can feel better about your "superior set of variables", but I feel you're missing the point. Bitcoin is just a brand name on a package of variables. It's about the crypto-currency concept, the brand is just....a brand. 