@_author: le_ironic_username
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:48:10
Someone should set up an alternative cryptocurrency where everyone works on cracking them wallets private keys. then the bitcoins are shared amongst all those trying to crack based on the resources they put toward it
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:15:35
Hope. Lots and lots of hope.
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:02:41
Not entirely true.
The chances of a collission (i.e. cracking A private key) are far higher than the chances of cracking a TARGET private key. I.E. if you were to generate shitloads of privkeys nonstop and check them, you have a reasonable chance of getting one that exists in the blockchain, although, it would be far too computationally expensive to be worth anything.
HOWEVER. Now for the fun bit.
That assumes devices generating the keys originally have perfect entropy. They don't. If you identified some wallets that used flawed RNG's (SecureRandom on older Androids caused a rash of these kinds of thefts, remember?) and targetted that, your chances again increase. Same with brainwallets, where you have a significantly decreased entropy pool a fair amount of the time.
TL;DR: While the chances of cracking a target privkey are pretty fucking awful, generating them "intelligently" and praying for a collission is far more probable. I have done it with simple wordlists in the past (although, I left the coins untouched as it was for academic purposes).
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:18:53


Well, as it stands, one needs capital to get into cryptocurrencies. Those who lost funds likely had invested all the capital they could make available, and having been stung/fucked by the Gox fiasco, they won't be reinvesting. Furthermore, they will be probably advising their friends against investing.
Unless some fucking miracle happens, this is going to set back the advent of universal acceptance of cryptocurrency by a LONG way. Sure, the existing users who did not lose all their coin and those with capital to reinvest/invest will be fine, but those who got fucked, and future potential users... Well. The main impact of this will be on them, and hence, on more widespread adoption of the coin.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:15:12
I'm gonna have to join you on that. Still kicking myself for saying "I'll move my coins tomorrow" and going to bed early just before they stopped allowing BTC withdrawals.
@_date: 2014-03-01 11:39:22
Someone I know ran a few wordlists as "seeds" through a key generator (basically generating thousands of brainwallets) and imported all the keys created. IIRC, they used one of the "permutation creation" things for cracking passwords to get a "bigger" wordlist (l33tify and best64 rulesets). At that time, they had access to a few dozen coins in random peoples wallets because of shitty passphrase choosing.
Same theory applies here I suppose ;)