@_author: le_zone_ami
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:17:52
What the fuck did you just fucking say about Android, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in XDA University, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on stock ROMs, and I have over 300 confirmed thanks. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top red-on-black themer in the entire kang team. You are nothing to me but just another script kiddie. I will wipe your phone the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me on my IRC channel? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of rooters across the USA and your bootloader is being unlocked right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your system partition. Your Exynos 4 motherboard is fucking dead, kid. I can hack anywhere, anytime, and I can theme your phone with over seven hundred XML documents, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in theming, but I have access to the entire arsenal of placebo scripts on XDA and I will use it to its full extent to overclock your phone's processor off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, Apple shill.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:14:41
Recently on reddit, there has been some controversy surrounding the idea of karma and those who are (for lack of better words) "aiming for karma" when they make a comment.
Most people here on reddit like to call karma "Meaningless internet points". And while there is some truth to that statement, I believe it is widely misused. For one, most people use this statement when referring to karma because karma brings no monetary value. This is very true. I have yet to meet a single person who has made money directly from earning their karma.
While the monetary value of karma lies at nothing, there is another value to karma. Lets think for a second, what are votes primarily used for? Huh, lets see. Rediquette says to vote based on whether or not the comment added to the discussion, but is that always the case? Hardly. Votes in most cases mean feedback. The more upvotes you have, the more people that enjoyed it. This not only gives a good idea of just how many people saw the comment, but It also shows just how many people liked the comment.
Using CationBot, I do a number of things. In the past, ive poked fun at the post the OP made, offered advice to the readers and the OP alike, and have acted like a downright asshole at times as well, jokingly of course. There are times when I have fucked up, or made a post that wasn't really that funny. And during both of those times, I was downvoted heavily. Not only did this show that everyone was obviously unhappy with my comment, but it showed that I needed to make a change so that it would not happen again next time.
And that is what I'm here to talk about. The main point is, Karma is not truly a meaningless internet point. Karma is a valued form of feedback that helps users, including novelty accounts like myself, be able to come up with better content and be "rewarded" for giving good content without having to spend money or receive a monetary asset.
That being said, does your total karma count have anything to do with how much people like you? Absolutely not. There might be some correlation, especially if your account is brand new and has a lot of karma, but for the most part there isnt much correlation between the two. There are users on reddit (I'm not mentioning any names, i fuckin hate drama to be honest), who have used their total karma count to justify being a total douchebag to other people on reddit. There are people who have used their karma count to justify their sense of entitlement for things on reddit, i.e. Hosting an AMA for a famous person when you have no previous experience in doing such a thing and have never met the person, and are just doing so because of your ranking on karmawhores.net
So lets just cut to the chase, I just want people who come across my comments to know a few things when it comes to voting: Voting is feedback. If you liked my comment, I heavily encourage you to upvote it, because that lets me know that you liked it. Leave me a comment if you like too, I appreciate all forms of feedback, but voting is by far the easiest for everyone. If you disliked my comment, leave me a downvote. Maybe even leave a comment about why you disliked it, it helps me a lot, more than you know.
The only reason I still make captions for you guys is because there are people out there who genuinely enjoy them enough, and would hate it if I quitted. I love you guys so much, Except for anionbot.
TL;DR: Karma is valuable feedback for users like me, and I rely heavily on karma to see if you liked my post or not. Like my post? Please let me know that you did and leave an upvote. Hated my post? Please leave me a downvote, as all feedback is valuable.