@_author: leafandbean
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:05:13
Apologies for the clarification and free advice request but I think your post is likely the most informed of the thread, and I appreciate all of the care you put into the links for more info. 
I have a Trezor, and a spare inactive Android phone laying about, and I'd like to know the specifics of your primary ("awesome") alternative option. Does OTG cable = [On-the-Go]( and is that what came with the Trezor? And while I've dabbled with Tor on PC, Orbot is the Android implementation yeah? And the reasoning behind needing Android/Orbot/Mycelium would be to enable common spending, as opposed to just storing my BTC on Trezor and never touching it - as is my current situation? 
I'd certainly like to be able to safely use/transfer my Trezor funds soon or eventually, hence my inquiry. Is my current practice of transferring un-Tor'd Circle/QuadrigaX bought BTC directly to my Trezor in varying split amounts to multiple unique passphrase HD-tree "accounts" a vulnerable workflow? My Trezor's 24 word recovery list is jumbled according to a pattern, laminated and unmarked with any references, and stored in 3 separate physical locations. None being a safety deposit box, however.
Have I been stupid? I know that obviously the onramp is a major point of exposure in terms of PI, but I'm not intending to circumvent any legal parameters - so I'm unsure if this is a step in need of improvement. I'm not very risk-minded however and am extremely impulsive, so I'm sure there are considerations here I'm ignorant of and have yet to consider. 
Thanks for any clarifications and/or tips (in the form of information) you can offer!
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:16:00
And apologies for one last question, my common day-to-day phone is a corporate iPhone (unwatched, at least I haven't installed the mandated AirWatch app yet), and I've been mulling the option of transferring some of my long-term Trezor BTC to Breadwallet (using the same jumbled, distributed, and laminated recovery seed technique) so I can coinmap it up and experience in-person transactions. Up until now the only BTC I've spent has been online and I'd love to get out there and use a little in the real world. Would I be a fool to not take any precautions with this?
In advance, thanks again kind sir. I'm truly sorry for the wall of text and double-post, but it's not often I feel confident that someone can answer my questions by seeing a single comment. :)
@_date: 2016-05-04 22:11:41
Woah woah woah, I have to stop you right there Bruce. You can't say bad shit about mine when we're here to say bad shit about yours! But but but regulations, son. 
Oh man did Bruce ever nail that, and with style too. That Fenton, so hot right now!