@_author: leboaussie
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:43:33
According to historic trends and technical analysing the charts I would give it a less then 1% chance of going bellow 7k ever again as it would mean that the price will have to do something that it has never done in a multi year bull cycle and that is a fall of more then around 40% from highs to new low but yet this parabolic run is one of the fastest moves from lows we have ever seen so no one can be certain. The big dogs are scavengers in these markets and will not let you get much in cheap so make a plan and go for it and don’t wait for it to go down that far anywhere from 9100-7600 USD should be good enough in my opinion but don’t trust me, do your own research to what ever makes u feel comfortable and confident to accumulate as soon as possible
@_date: 2019-07-14 13:54:14
Fiat currencies aren’t backed by nothing but the promises of the government, Trump has to say what he said because as soon as confidence fades of the Dollar then it will collapse to it’s true value of Zero.
Fiat currencies are printed out of thin air with zeros also added to the database. Everything is artificially pumped in the economy. Yet Bitcoin is naturally pumped by the people. People will be aware what real money is and it is just a matter of time into they experience the horrors of holding fake money and being in debt to such a system.
@_date: 2019-11-24 23:17:01
You can try the Haven App to find and purchase items using multiple cryptocurrencies but because it is still new, there isn’t to many reviews to tell you if a seller is trusted. But you can review them if you have received item to let others know if a seller is trusted
@_date: 2019-11-12 16:26:36
Yes I myself believe it to surpass $1 mil one day within our lifetimes, because the dollar and all fiat currencies will one day reach its true value of zero as for the countless dollars constantly coming into existence and the speed at which fiat money needs to be created in order to make a difference to the economy. Just look at Venezuela and you will see the worth of unbacked government money and how fast it can fall. The world is very interconnected and it is just a matter of time into the dominos fall and the economies of the world take the hit of a big recession, which should eventually give way to unbelievable prices for deflationary assets.
@_date: 2019-11-25 09:05:50
With so much money being made and based on the fundamentals then I deem it unlikely that the technology can be deemed worthless outside of 10years. Especially how countries are rushing to make there own digital currencies and are researching blockchain. There will always be a need for BTC, maybe not for you now but for the people in terrible economies and in case of a economic collapse in the future. BTC is  deflationary because of limited supply to ever be in existence. You may feel that it will be worthless as price is falling. But that doesn’t change it’s long term value. BTC can Fall sub 5k but it should eventually beat it’s all time high and trump any current falls. 
BTC shall reward those with faith .
@_date: 2019-08-06 21:13:12
You joking right?, your 401k and retirement fund won’t help u retire because of all the manipulation and artificial stimulation of the stock markets done by the central banks. You shouldn’t really rely on the government to take care of you as all they care about is power and looking good.  If they did what is best for us for the long run then they would let free market choose where to take the economy rather then artificially pumping it as what is coming is only getting worse. They will keep pumping these sick markets with adrenaline until it dies. According to history and chart analysis the collapse of the dollar is near. Like with-in a year, so don’t stay comfortable into next year like the mainstream media is shouting , cause I believe the collapse can be as soon as the end of the year
@_date: 2019-08-06 21:28:36
Not really promises but the government wants you to perceive it as that because it is really likely you would think a western world government is not corrupt but they are far from that. When they say that superannuation is compulsory it never means it would be successful. When they say they are dropping interest rates to make it affordable to buy a home then it is not promised that u will eventually own that home as for the economy being over stressed and jobs to eventually be gone in mass. When Donald trumps says that the American dollar will stay the dominant currency he is just talking to manipulate you in using such a corrupt system of the unbacked currency which is printable to infinity. Every time central banks create more money they make your saved money and earned money have less buying power, so if that is not corruption then I don’t know what is.
@_date: 2019-10-04 07:46:36
Think of everything with reason, I believe Craig Wright hasn’t even proven that he is the real satoshi and has just been trying to scare people into thinking that as to benefit his own wealth and make you buy his fake bitcoins. He has stupid excuses that with reason you would deem him as very unlikely to be Satoshi. It would be possible that satoshi could be a group of people but Craig would be bashed for taking all the credit anyways. 
Satoshi has hidden his identity for all those years and why would he choose now to come out unless he really wants the praise and risk being a target to criminals who would want some of his BTC wealth. It may be possible that Craig knows who the real Satoshi is, maybe his is dead and Craig thought it would be safe to take full credit. 
But with no proof, it is still one of major conspiracies and who knows if you are the real Satoshi.
@_date: 2019-09-29 23:48:52
Coinspot is a pretty good exchange as the purchase fees are only 1% and it allows you to purchase almost any crypto with your fiat using multiple payment methods such as POLI  Pay, Pay ID, BPAY as well as with a cash deposit. 
I find this exchange to be really trusted and has great customer service.
@_date: 2019-09-30 10:41:39
Look, the media manipulates one to think that ones economy is doing great, and every dispute is being handled good, so in the everyday persons eyes, they don’t see anything to worry about. But without trust in the government then the currency will free fall to it’s true value of zero. But when the time comes and people know the truth about how money works and more and more countries go to negative interest rates or hit a Great economic Recession then we will see adoption come at a pace unseen before as more and more people choose BTC to save rather then loosing money due to tax on deposits. 
So right now BTC is more of a speculative traders want and is helping the people who are utilizing it in places like Venezuela and is not a need for the rest of the world. When the everyday person is fearful of the dollar then that is when we will see mass adoption.
And if you didn’t know, technicals play the role for traders which is why we are not doing much right now as there isn’t too much new money and Fundamentals play a role for hodlers and as soon as everyone new is exposed to the truth that BTC is real money then the supply will continue to get gobbled up and price will have even faster corrections and new all time highs.