@_author: lectornoblesse
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:45:11
I initially made an entire new post about this that was deleted due to mentioning price changes. I am going to post this here instead as directed by automod(?). What are your thoughts on this?
Title: A dose of pessimism
I believe what drove the recent price was how close we were to the mythical 10K, the moon for any hodler before a few days ago. A lot of people had sell orders at around 10K which caused a downward selling trend. Bitcoin has always been able to recover  due to the optimism of investors. There was always something to look forward to: the moon, 10K. What's left now that we've breached it? What milestones do we have to look forward to after 10K? Nothing seems catching while being realistic beyond what we have achieved. 1 million? Even 100K sounds too much. 12K just doesn't sound as thrilling. Couple that with the fact that the only thing BTC really has going for it compared to newer currencies is the name recognition and first mover advantage. Don't get me wrong, those are INCREDIBLY important. I feel however that BTCs inflexibility to adapt will be its downfall. The technology Bitcoin represents is of massive historical significance, but the coin itself is no longer the best representative for the field it first pioneered. Focus is now directed at price more than tech. When was the last time you saw a serious discussion of the blockchain solutions of bitcoin anywhere? The technological edge that bitcoin used to have and could somewhat justify the massive market cap advantage compared to other coins just no longer exists. BTC is at this point just an over-inflated hot air balloon. I used to think BTC had a big enough advantage to justify the price, but no longer. It is imo just a glorified Dogecoin that everyone for some reason wants to buy. The tech is no longer there (or in focus). Anything BTC can do, another coin already exists that does better. Unless BTC makes some changes (which would be huge and could render a whole lot of altcoins that exploit BTCs shortcomings obsolete), something else is going to replace it. BTC is like the crush you have that always disappoints. At some point you are going to look somewhere else. If he/she suddenly changes for the better one day, you'd definitely (and gladly) go right back into their arms. As for now however, remember that the tech will win in the long run. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:50:54
Interesting points you bring up! I fully agree (and hope) that Bitcoin can technically, at any time, hardfork or otherwise implement changes that will solve many of the frustrations people have with it (e.g. power consumption, blocksize/time/cost). The results of the last few attempts at such changes leave me a bit worried however.  Innovations are important for a product and I do not see BTC being the fast adapter as it once was (probably due to size, but I won't speculate).
It is true that Bitcoin has the longest track record, but it is important to avoid becoming complacent. BTC might be the 'biggest' coin now, but it is not given that it will be when time comes to mass adoption. Why would companies and institutions choose an impractical coin simply because it is 'best known' We are still in the early stages and strong competitors that didn't exist before now do! No longer are we in the days where BTC was the only coin with mentionable following and developer team - look at Ethereum, Dash, XMR to mention a few. Myspace came before Facebook. Yahoo before Google. Nokia before Apple. Where are these companies today? They were the giants in their respective times.
To adress your metaphors: 
I am not very informed about what I assume is American (?) culture. From your statement I extrapolate that this Hugh person was a very skilled survivalist/guide. To be fair, Bitcoin IS the oldest cryptocurrency, but old does not necessarily equate to better. The teams behind many altcoins today are far from 'rookie guides' Adoption of a currency is not about 'which will make more people rich', it is about tech and practicality. I would rather follow a younger guide with modern GPS and supplies over an outdated expensive guide that uses a compass to navigate.
Many today see Bitcoin as 'digital gold', an investment asset and storage (like Gold :o). It makes sense as Bitcoin has indeed shown some incredible growth and has made many people a pretty return. I dare assume that a lot of new investors today are blinded by the golden luster of monetary gain. That was however never the point of BTC. Bitcoin was conceived by a vision to improve technology - to change the structure of money! Bitcoin is dead as a revolution if a) nobody takes the technology seriously b) it refuses to improve its tech / remains static c) everybody just keeps hodling and never use it as it was actually intended: A CURRENCY (understandable with the high transaction fees today, to be fair). Most crypto-transactions today are not even made through Bitcoin.
As for the whole 'hardest to kill because decentralized', well: no. Bitcoin is not the only decentralized currency/coin by far. 
I agree on the 'savings account' that is truly yours point though.
Bitcoin has it rough as the first adapter and the coin with the most exposure. The saying goes that the wise learn from the mistakes of others. The day Bitcoin gets replaced by another coin (if that ever happens) could be a day of joy. Without BTC to learn from, we might never have gotten all these new and innovative altcoins! Even if Bitcoin refuses to change, altcoins will. BTC has done a lot of favors and is a great incentive for tech development.
