@_author: ledeuxmagots
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:04:02
KYC / AML regulations exist for a reason. They're an important part of a well functioning society. You can get by without them for a while, but slowly, as you grow and scale an economy, you pay the cost of not having them. Widespread corruption is nearly inevitable without proper KYC AML regulations in the long run. There is a reason why fast growing economies like China and India have recently enacted stricter controls on money. 
Traditionally the relevant question comes down to where the balance of the cost of this type of regulation breaks even with the cost of not having it, which dictates how strict a particular country's kyc aml regulations are. The smaller the economy, the less strict, the larger, the more strict. 
Where blockchain tech comes in is it can either circumvent the regulation, or it can make the cost of this regulation much cheaper. Research and history have shown that the former is probably a very bad outcome, and major governments will likely not allow this to happen at a large scale. The latter requires that government gets it's hand into the system, likely directly regulating or even directly controlling. 
Take your pick. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 00:52:51
Including the unprecedented growth and economic expansion, a drastic increase in the standard of living, decrease in mortality rates, decrease in crime, decrease of poverty, etc? 
The world has absolutely prospered as a whole. The country has improved drastically. Lives have improved drastically, even if inequality has not. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 12:53:30
Yea, and almost no quant fund trades primarily on technical analysis. They are tools to be used tactically to support real trading strategies
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:20:11
That btc is nowhere near a currency yet. 
@_date: 2018-05-13 23:10:22
First, that's not entirely true. Sometimes claims are not possible to prove in the negative. 
In this case, the fact that several countries successfully set negative interest rates (Japan, EU, Switzerland) and did not encounter any material issues with regards to money supply generally seems to be proof? 
Again, I can't prove the nonexistence of issues encountered. Burden of proof typically falls on people claiming the existence of something. E.g. I can't prove aliens don't exist, even if I'm there one "replying."
@_date: 2018-05-06 18:31:42
GS has been exploring Bitcoin for many years now. I know a few people at GS who were doing internal research on how the impact on banking and how GS might play as early as 2015, and they've been involved with projects externally for at least b2 years before that. And of course they have. This is one of the most powerful financial institutions in the world. It works with trillions of dollars. These firms don't just stand around waiting to be disrupted. They have more people internally that are smarter on the subject than the vast majority of these crypto subreddits. That said, the smartest ones tend to leave to start their own projects in crypto or join existing platforms; a bank simply moves too slow for true believers. As one can imagine, the executives at the top are very far removed from the people who are deeply involved in this, and the messaging over time reflects that. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 15:42:55
This is one of the core reasons why most trained economists don't believe in the long term viability of Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2018-05-18 00:12:04
But to be clear, you'd also not compare to a single investment but a diversified portfolio. A comparison to a stock index like s&amp;p or Dow would be more apt. 
As people mention, survivorship bias is real, so important to adjust for that. Either way, almost every class of assets outperform gold. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 08:55:32
Wtf? Never ceases to amaze how ignorant or conspiracy driven some in the crypto community can be. Gives the movement a bad name. 
The US handing out fake gold to another nation is about as likely as a major US financial institution knowingly transferring large amounts of counterfeit cash to another financial institution.
@_date: 2018-05-14 07:12:26
Thanks. Succinct, relevant, and reputable. 
So this really is still an outstanding question it seems. These fears did not manifest in reality when the Swiss, Japanese, and ecb implemented their actions. However, they also did not push below the indicated range, and the actions were also limited in duration. In essence, there was nothing to indicate that Rogoffs theory holds, but it was also insufficiently stressed. 
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:37:28
What? From my understanding that's not true at all... Do you have evidence to the contrary? 
The existence of circulating money does not impede on the ability of the central bank to set interest rates. The monetary base and subsequent multipliers is pretty much a key tool in how central banks can control interest rates and monetary supply. Whether the money is circulating or in vaults or reserves shouldn't really matter. The Swiss and the Japanese certainly didn't find any issue with setting negative rates wrt having circulating currency. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 14:07:02
This article sounds like it was written by someone who cobbled together some news articles related to the narrative they wanted to create without understanding ANY of the underlying content.
In other words, it's a really garbage article. 
@_date: 2018-10-15 19:00:11
Blockchain != Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 04:53:13
Dollar volume? Yes, absolutely the charts are pretty clear. Without a doubt Q4 2017 to present has seen more people trading btc than the cumulative amount before. Any single major exchange in early 2018 probably had more users than all exchanges combined only 2 years ago. Probably not a true today as the volume dropped off. 
@_date: 2018-10-02 04:34:18
There are ways to hedge out most of the risk. At worst, you can just convert into Fiat almost immediately upon receipt, remembering to negotiate the price with the relevant fees / spreads in mind, and confirming ability to withdraw that much from a trusted exchange. 
That marketing will be key though, a significant differentiator. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:29:53
It would absolutely be inappropriate for a civil service pension fund to invest in bitcoin at this time. What makes you think that a completely unregulated, high-risk investment is the right investment for someone's retirement funds? If bitcoin, why not doge? BCC? BCH? or any other shitcoin out there. Would you trust the pension fund manager to decide for you? Who would they invest through? What bitcoin fund manager, through what exchanges? Is there one you would trust to drop a few hundred million, a few billion of someone else's retirement funds into? 
It's one thing for a hedge fund to invest in crypto. or individuals. or really anyone investing their own money. But pension funds? No. 
As for Vatican asking for bitcoin donations? I don't see why not, other than political issues. Probably not wanting to deal with the shadow of corruption that may follow. An institution with known financial corruption issues building up reserves and transacting in an unregulated currency isn't great optics, and probably isn't something that the papal bureaucracy is willing to touch right now.
Edit: Just one thought, is that once the market gets large enough, and enough hedge funds get into this game, then I can imagine pension funds dipping a toe in here and there through those hedge funds. The bitcoin market / ecosystem is NOT there yet. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:11:43
Just an FYI, if bitcoin kept going up by 2.4% / week, the value of bitcoin would be larger than the entire world economy in 10 years. That is to say, not even remotely possible. 
Edit: it'd take about 6.5 years! for a relative comparison, if you had $1M today and it grew at 2.4% / week, you'd have over $1B in about that same time. 
@_date: 2018-11-11 13:41:49


Ironic. Bitcoin is often celebrated for features that history has taught us are untenable for use by entire economies. Many cryto enthusiasts see the problems fiat has brought us and believe they have the solution, not having learned the history of economics prior to the modern financial system. Economists created the modern financial system precisely because of the lessons of the past. Before the modern financial system, economic volatility was far higher with frequent bank runs and larger and more frequent recessions. It was more difficult to grow a successful business, your money was less secure, and you were more likely to become unemployed on a regular basis due to economic conditions.  
Ammous refers to crypto as an international settlement network. If only people in this subreddit saw it similarly. Instead, people believe it is a replacement for fiat, rather than a complement, and somehow believe they are immune to the lessons of history. 
@_date: 2018-11-03 04:26:17
Volatility can be measured in minutes, hours, weeks, months, years, decades. 
Funnily enough, a touch of short term volatility is actually usually a good thing. 
However, as an investment or a currency, volatility as measured in months or in multi year horizons is what really matters. You want price to be trending upwards with relatively low volatility on long time scales. 
As an effective currency, it'd need to be inflationary. As a more traditional asset, not necessarily so. Either way, you'd want to see what historical volatility is over the course of an average business cycle, so trailing 5 to 10 years. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 01:10:59
Let's pretend that the most powerful groups in the world who currently control the vast majority of commerce in the world today, and who's laws and regulations enable commerce to be relatively frictionless and generally beneficial to society at large, can't somehow exert control over centralized exchanges, businesses which would be the one's accepting payments, or what we're claiming will be critical payments infrastructure in general. 
Monetary innovation has almost always begun in the private sector. The invention of money, banking, credit, fiat, insurance, coinage, and oh so much more, was born from private enterprises. Eventually, government assumes control and regulation because it is beneficial for society at large. 
There will be decentralized blockchains. I don't doubt that. This technology will be used for a wide variety of things, and some will be just as valuable, if not more, when decentralized. Currency though, will very likely be centralized. Of course, nothing in this market is a sure thing, but man, i would give very good odds on that. 
@_date: 2018-11-11 03:57:19
It's bad as a currency, which in this context as compared with the US dollar, makes it an ironic comparison. Economic theory, as well as history, has shown this over and over. There is a reason why we are not on the gold standard anymore. Gold only lasted so long because we had an increasing supply of it (centuries of injection into the global financial system through conquest by european powers, later gold rushes, etc.) and because of increasing use of fractional banking. Non-centrally controlled, limited-supply currency places severe downward pressure on credit and lending of all sorts, essentially halting or reversing economic growth.
Centrally-controlled, expansionary currencies are pretty much necessary for the pace of growth the world has seen in modern history, not to mention it is, on average, more stable for economies. People like to shit on countries that fuck up and end up with massive inflation or the like, but 1) its often because of either the collapse of the state (fiat doesn't mean shit when the state doesn't exist) or refusal to believe in modern economic theory, or 2) the median economic stability of countries is WAY higher than it used to be before the world switched to fiat.
But that's not to say BTC or other cryptos dont have value. BTC can still have value without supplanting fiat currency. Many other cryptos are trying to address these issues as well.
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:52:05


Famous last words.
@_date: 2018-11-03 04:04:58
Seriously...a single multi story tower can cost many hundreds of millions. He's got to have a hell of a pitch and a lot of financial backing to get this off the ground. 
More than likely, this is actually going to turn into one of the many projects that end up languishing and turns into a ghost town. Arizona and New Mexico have a few examples of attempted master planned cities that never went anywhere, as does California. 
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:10:33
Can't have a bank run when money is based on gold right? Everyone will just hold their assets in gold and transact in gold right? No. 
Fractional banking will prevail, centralized banking will prevail, and therefore bank runs will exist. What % of volume occurs today on centralized exchanges? What % of wallets are not held by individuals themselves? And these are the earliest adopters. Scale that up by a factor of 10, by a factor of 100, 1000. 
Most people do not want to be their own banks. Credit and lending does not work when people are their own banks. The government certainly doesn't want people to be their own banks. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:53:15
Yeaaa...no. It always seems like half this sub needs to take, or actually learn, macro econ 101. There are legit reasons why independent central banks exist. A viable decentralized currency doesn't necessarily negate all those reasons, only some. There are legitimate reasons why the central banks have the tools to adjust monetary policy that they do.  
@_date: 2017-10-04 00:00:55
Most banks have dedicated resources to it, but the amount varies. Some just have research teams trying to understand how to play, while looking at the market to see if there's are external players to partner with. Some join consortiums. Some have large internal development teams. 
There is a fair amount of turnover. The people with real passion and expertise in block chain mostly know their talents are better used elsewhere. 
Balls deep is definitely an overstatement. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 18:56:35
lol. modern wars fueled by advanced monetary systems, advanced healthcare, modern organizational and logistics theory, industrialization. Not at all related to the massive improvements in increases in quality of life, increased life expectancy, increased literacy, increased education, reduction in poverty, reduction in global violence, etc.
Less people are dying than ever. Less wars. Less deaths. Less starvation. Less crime. Less war.
There are costs and benefits to everything. To only attribute the negative is disingenuous at best.
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:10:26
There is such a thing as legitimate reasons. Economic sanctions, garnished wages, suspected terrorist funding, suspicion of certain forms of criminal activity, the reasons are wide ranging. Governments of any meaningfully large civilization have always had the power to seize assets, or even detain a person themselves, under certain circumstances. Coercive power is one of the key powers of government. 
The problem isn't that there are reasons, the problem is that the system is highly subjective and often poorly executed. 
@_date: 2018-04-08 22:25:44
It's the same thing. Avoiding a loss of 7% is a 7% return over the status quo of losing 7%. Problem is what the risk adjusted alternatives are to that 7%. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 23:14:20
The truth is the truth whichever mouth it comes out of - your ignorance of economics is showing. Somehow people who have not studied this shit to a meaningful degree believe themselves to be more intelligent about the topic than generations of researchers and academics. Show me the peer reviewed papers from a reputable source that support the view that fractional reserves, monetary control by a private central bank is worse for the world, the economy, the people than not having these institutions. Donald Trump can go up on TV and claim the TPP is a horrible deal for the US, that climate change is a hoax, but that doesn't make it true. You watch a video of an ignorant conspiracy theorist-driven politician that confirms your belief and you suddenly think other people are the ones being ignorant? 
@_date: 2018-04-16 18:34:56
This is just utter stupidity. Fractional banking isn't perfect, but by and large, it works and it works extremely well. You cannot sustain the type of growth the world has seen over the past 500 years without it. The growth and progress of humanity under this system far outstrips what would have been if we didn't, even after accounting for all the crashes and depressions and bank runs. And guess what enables modern economies to adjust for the imperfections of fractional banking? Modern monetary policy! 
Meanwhile, central banks are literally the people who are empowered to print money. It's part of their job, their mandate, and a critical part of stabilizing modern economies. It's not counterfeiting if it's the actual people who are supposed to be doing it. If I start printing Domino's Pizza boxes and open up a shop to sell my own pizzas with Domino's signage without a franchise agreement or following their guidelines, that's counterfeiting Domino's Pizza. If Domino's starts making Domino's Pizza...I mean that's why they exist, that's why people buy their pizzas. That's not counterfeiting. 
The same goes for interest rates. Without the ability to adjust interest rates, a modern central bank is entirely ineffective at managing and stabilizing an economy. 
Nothing is perfect, and when central banks really fuck up, it's at an astronomical scale. But that doesn't mean that it's not the best option we have. If you can design a large, stable, and growing economy without these tools, please, tell the world how. Generations of policy makers, economists, and other academics have studied this and don't have a viable alternative. Any random politician can go and spout BS on TV, but that doesn't make it right. There are plenty of adjustments, reforms that can be made, but none of them involve stopping fractional reserve banking or taking away the core tenants of monetary policy. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:14:14
I mean....I guess that is why control of monetary policy is generally kept as an independent entity, the central bank, as free from political pressures as well as the whims of influential private individuals as possible. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 12:56:48
Actually, governments do NOT just take it upon themselves. This is a topic that is in the vast and fascinating realm of political / moral philosophy, studied across the ages, with very defined conclusions which are widely accepted. Depending on where you live, government derives its power from different sources. Many modern governments, including the US, derives its power from the people. Not YOU per se, or any one individual, but society at large. 
One such legitimate power that is provided to a legitimate state is coercive power. A state absolutely has the power to seize assets and detain persons for what is determined to be legitimate reasons by the governing body. Taxation is one great example. The ability to arrest people. The ability to put people in prison. The ability to seize assets that are suspected to be used for criminal activity. The exact realm of what is acceptable is detailed anywhere from the constitution to the US Code depending on the activity. 
Theft is defined in many ways, but modern definitions almost always require the action to be "unauthorized." You claim there is no such thing as a legitimate reason, but there in fact ARE legal and legitimate reasons in which the government is authorized to freeze ones assets. This of course assumes that the bank is acting in accordance to regulations as set by the government. This might not be true. It could be acting beyond the specifics of what regulation requires. However, in that case, it ALSO is probably legitimate. As a customer of the bank, you CONSENTED to these rules when you signed up for a bank account. You were provided documents that detailed what procedures the bank takes under what circumstances. You signed that you consent. A hold on your assets was in fact authorized, by YOU. 
That is not to say that the bank WAS actually following the rules and procedures it has. In that case, it might NOT be legitimate. But that doesn't mean that there are NOT legitimate reasons. There are MANY legitimate reasons. And just because YOU don't believe them to be legitimate doesn't make them any less so. Centuries of political philosophy and judicial review has detailed the fine lines and affirmed the power of the government and the rights of the people to be what they are today.
If this is a subject that is new to you, one course that people say great things about is Michael Sandel's Justice: 
It starts off covering what are our individual rights and where they are derived from, and then goes on to when those rights are superseded by the rights of society, of government and why. It does a good job covering the differing ways to look at the subject, the different schools of thought, one of which is philosophical libertarianism. 