@_author: ledgerwatch
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:28:06
Telegraph wrote about it: 
And they cite this as the reason (scroll to the bottom of the article):
Visa said the cards had been suspended after Visa terminated WaveCrest's membership due to "continued non-compliance with our operating rules", although it said other Visa cards that convert Bitcoin into normal currency would not be affected.
"Visa has other approved card programmes that use fiat funds converted from cryptocurrency in a number of jurisdictions. The termination of WaveCrest’s Visa membership does not affect these other products."
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:23:47
This article implies that Wavecrest was ready for the new DLT regime: 
@_date: 2017-02-27 22:29:40
If SegWit is to be activated by users (at specified date, or block number), and not as miners, it will have to be re-written as a hard-fork. If it is a soft-fork, then "don't care" miners can still have &gt;51% hash power, and when they "authorise" a spend of segwit output, it will effectively create an alternative chain. Yes, those miners will probably realise that they need to jump onto the SegWit chain at the moment when they'll try to sell their coins. But if you follow this carefully, you will see that this situation is almost indistinguishable from what would happen after the hard-fork.
If the risks of the user-activated soft fork are the same as of the hard fork, it would make sense to implement SegWit as a hard-fork (which will be done more elegantly, without re-purposing the "everybody can spend" script, and without putting protocol-critical information into the coinbase transaction, and with proper interchain replay protection for the case of the split). Such a hard-fork can be offered as a choice at a specific block number. If it goes through, then great. If not, figure out something different. Exchanges and wallets know how to deal with this, if you give them time to prepare.
Yes, there is a possibility of two chains, temporarily or not. And yes, it might be confusing for the users. But if the Bitcoin protocol is as great as you think it is, the users will stay. The alternative is never ending anxiety and huge opportunity cost, developer attrition etc.
@_date: 2017-02-27 22:45:54
Thanks for your reply. Yes, I understand. The nodes and the miners who did not upgrade in the case of the Soft Fork, will still relay and mine SegWit transactions. But someone will surely inject a transaction (and sacrifice some fraction of bitcoin for it), that will be valid for the un-upgraded nodes and miners, but invalid for SegWit nodes and miners. I assume such transaction can be constructed, as follows from the definition of the soft-fork. And that transaction will cause the chain split. If my logic is flawed, please point out further.
@_date: 2017-02-27 00:09:55
One little catch. It is true that the public key is only revealed when the UTXO is spent. But... if it takes less time to crack ECDSA than to get a transaction included into a block, then it is feasible to observe the signature, find private key, create an alternative transaction with much higher fee (which will be included into a block quicker), and relay that one too. Therefore, hashes only give protections for the time when it takes days, weeks (but not hours) to crack ECDSA.