@_author: ledgerdude
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:11:23
btw, if you would like to know more about why btc holders are so fanatic, watch some videos of Andreas Antonopoulos. This guy explains the idea very well.
Short answer to your concerns:
1-stability will increase as the size of bitcoin ecosystem grows. BTC volatility is at a record low compared to years before, and always getting more stable, there are occasional crashes, but thats part of the hype behind the adoption curve.
2-For the moment its a very shitty currency. For 3 reasons:
a)Its too volatile, see 1
b)feest are too high. These are "growing pains" as the space has seen a huge increse in newcomers lately. The volunteer developers are working on solutions to solve this. Look at Lightning network, its being tested on the mainnet now, and will make payments instant and fees practically zero. Not kidding, this tech may really solve lots of shit.
c)No-coiners dont accept it, and believers dont want to spend it. This will resolve itself, as the space grows, and btc prices become stable.
3-Over 1million merchants accept btc, and growing. Can be directly, or via services like bitpay that instantly convert the accepted btc and convert it to usd/eur/...for the merchant.
4-Bitcoin is just a denomination of the currency, there are 1,000,000 bits in a bitcoin, so your $6 meal is about 125 bits (way more intuitive)
5-You are in charge of your own funds, and therefore its security. (this is the biggest feature of btc, possibly the original reason it was created) YOU have control of your own money, you dont have to trust a bank that is too big to fail. It happens regularly that banks fail and either govts bail them out with tax dollars, or people bail-in the banks and get  haircut off their own accounts. In a world with governments that seek to control as much of you as possible, btc offers a way to store your wealth in a way that only YOU have access to YOUR own funds. Look at what they have done to wikileaks bank accounts, without access to money, you might as well be dead.
Hope i helped spark some interest. In the end, the massive hype rn is based on ppl expecting btc to keep growing and becoming more valuable. The road to mass adoption is tough, and btc may fail, so see it as a gamble on a technology that, with a bit of luck, may be very useful to humanity. :P
@_date: 2017-12-31 12:44:39
Thanks for your contribution. Most btc holders are so involved in the space that they just assume that holding bitcoin and supporting the movement is a no-brainer. Its easy to forget that no-coiners have a completely different view of the matter. The only way to successfully introduce someone to something new, is to look at it through their perspective. Thanks for reminding me/other holders that if we explain smth w/o taking the listener's perspective in consideration, we may just sound like fanboys chasing a hype.