@_author: ledgerdontanswer
@_date: 2018-01-15 18:25:23
TL/DR: Ledger didn't send me the number of nano s's I ordered/paid for and now they won't answer me... I don't know what to do next.
I ordered 10 ledgers from their site to give as gifts at Christmas. A package arrived after a few days, but there was only one ledger nano s inside, the box of which had been damaged in the post as it was shipped in a simple one ply bubble wrap envelope with no additional cushioning/protection.
I immediately went on to the ledger official site and used their contact form to provide a photo of the damaged item, the envelope (which never would have fit 10 inside it), and saying I understood they were busy, but there had clearly been a picking error in their warehouse and could they please send more.
I never received a response.
I waited until after new year to try again as I understood they had a huge backlog of orders and loads of tickets open. This time I wrote to the sales@ email address. I did get a response after a day, but they just wrote:
"With the cryptocurrencies market cap breaking new records, we are facing an incredible surge in the demand for our products. Stocks are therefore depleting much quicker than anticipated. As a consequence, we have to review channel allocations and have no other choice than to suspend bulk orders until further notice. We are taking this opportunity to rebuild our reseller program and we will come back to you in the coming weeks with an onboarding form to better qualify your needs and understand your distribution strategy (please make sure to subscribe to our reseller newsletter here to get notified). Thank you for your understanding and patience. Best regards, The Ledger team"
Obviously the above doesn't make sense in the context of my email.
I understand the pains of growing a new business, and that these things happen, but I'm feeling pretty undervalued as a customer now. I wasn't sure where to go from here, so thought I'd post here and see if anyone from the company could help me.
I posted the above on the ledger subreddit and it was deleted with no explanation. I was also shadowbanned across the whole site (I'm posting from a new log in). I'm hoping it was automod that deleted/shadowbanned it for some reason, and not their mods.
Any ideas what I should do next?
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:44:10
That was my first thought, but a) the package didn't look like it had been opened, b) the package never would have fit 10 inside, and c) why would someone leave one behind?
I tried posting in the ledger sub... I was instantly deleted and shadowbanned.