@_author: leelasavage
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:07:03
Lmao! Fuck, that's funny!   $:D)...
Edit:  Aw, lighten up, you twits! Ghash.io is already taking steps to fix the recurring 51% problem. I'm sure when ppl like the Koch bros. come sniffing around seriously, BTC will only see more of this issue. 
Honestly, though,  more problems show up with bitcoin as it increases in popularity with more recognition.  Every new idea has a shakeout (shakedown?) period. Bitcoin's no different. But, you do what ya gotta do, punks.  
,!,, (-_-) ,,!,  
@_date: 2015-11-29 06:41:32
My fuck-all response to (A) and (A) only:  
Because they benefit the most from government services, that's why. Let's just see how well they'd do without government services protecting their bejeweled asses from the masses who'd just as soon take everything they have as to look at them. There aren't enough private armies in the world that could defend and protect them in this global society full of hungry, post-anarchic, free-range nihilists chomping at the bit to destroy their nice, safe little wealth bubbles if it weren't for the government services they use disproportionally to protect themselves, their heirs, and their holdings from those who just don't give a shit anymore. 
These guys are the anti-vaxxers of the finance world - "Why should I pay for global economic stability that pacifies the hoi polloi into quiesence and mollifies them with promises of future generational upward mobility when it's not an issue in my safe space here in this gilded NY high-rise penthouse I live in above the rabble in the streets? I'll just fly myself over to Monaco if it gets that bad." 
Talk about short-sighted end-game rationalizations.  Christ almighty.  
Want a Harvard education in a setting free of barbed-wire razor fencing and Internet hijacking of coursework? Want to feel free to visit that cute little bistro down the street without fear of being attacked personally or through the webs whenever you use your wealth? Want to fuck that fabulous ding-dong sitting over there with that come-hither look without being subjected to some fanatics' religious tribunal that says you should die for such things? Then, dear, you gotta pay taxes for those privileges. And the more privileges you use to get through your thin veneer of a life, the more it costs the government to supply the infrastructure and protection to give you your illusion of paradise on earth. 
How far removed from the source do you honestly have to be not to understand such a simple concept? 