@_author: lefarm2021
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:40:17
Is the state of Africa the fault of the African peoples, or a result of colonialism, in your opinion?
@_date: 2018-01-11 02:25:27
You're deluded. You may be a very wealthy wo/man, but if you're not it's a tragedy that they've got you cheerleading deregulation. It's remarkable how this was achieved in the States. Talk about turkeys voting for Christmas. The billionaires do not have your best interests at heart. Those regulations are there to protect you! 
Chasing efficiency at all costs is a good thing is it? Whole cities bankrupt (eg Detroit) are a good thing because the shareholders gain.  The finance industry lobbied and lobbied to be deregulated and self-regulated. Efficiencies abounded. Until we saw in the crash that they'd knowingly been screwing everyone else over while making billions. 
The same with energy (Enron).
Regulations protect you from the worst excesses of a rampant capitalism and took many years to institute, going back the times of robber barons, where workers lives were worth almost nothing.
I don't think it is worth continuing this. We're not going to persuade each other. Best of 2018 to you.
@_date: 2018-01-11 03:39:55
Yet both the SEC and Alan Greenspan testified before Congress that they failed by allowing the self-regulation of the investment banks.
Repealing Glass-Steagall (regulation) led directly to the crisis.
Did the government encourage people to purchase houses they couldn't afford, or was that actually the banks offering CDSs to brokers, who then aggressively sold mortgages to people who had no chance of repaying them? 
Now I am no friend of the US government and I know "the government" is a cartoon bad guy that gets neoliberal teeth gnashing, but to blame it for the banks' crimes is more than a bit of a reach.
Your statement "You call me deluded when I live in a country with complete prosperity" kinda proves my point. Complete prosperity? Man, they've got you drinking the Koolaid. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:25:17
Come on man, being attacked by the strongest power the world has ever known is likely to have an effect on your chances of succeeding, no?
One day we might see a socialist country allowed to try to get along without being bullied.
@_date: 2018-01-14 00:07:17
You're right, I assumed too much and strayed towards pretty insults. I apologise.
It's funny how we can have such opposing takes on regulation and may be both right. I think it depends on the government setting it. In my view a completely free market gives power to the whales and regulation curbs their worst excesses.
For example, workers rights. Not so long ago people could be hired and fired at will, working conditions were awful and dangerous, pay was withheld etc. Labour movements gained political representation and some gains were made, including a two-day weekend. (Interestingly, some of these are starting to be rolled back with zero-hour contracts etc).
Another would be product safety. There are regulations that achieve this, especially in food and pharmaceuticals. Without this enormous companies would behave like the psychopaths they've been shown to be. ( 
Even anti monopoly laws are regulations for our benefit and most free market guys concede they are necessary. 
But you're right about the people currently setting the regulations. I'm not optimistic about solutions. All the best to you.
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:51:01
I'm glad things are ok for you.
However, 13.5 per cent of your country lives below the poverty line. Believing you have "complete prosperity" makes you... well, deluded.
@_date: 2018-01-10 05:48:10
I think you might be talking about communism.
'it is simply the least efficient system devised in modern history' - and unless you're talking to young children you'll get further by trying to persuade than by (simply) telling.
@_date: 2018-01-13 14:49:46
Well we've established that you know how to hurriedly research something using Google. But also, sadly, that you are unable to interpret it beyond the surface level.
You could earn $1m per week and still be poor if the cost of living were $2m.
Why are there more people in prison in the US than anywhere else in the world? More than in the gulags of the Soviet Union? Why are so many people one medical emergency away from bankruptcy and destitution?
Why has the government being borrowing for years from the social security fund leaving it like Mother Hubbard's cupboard?
Please don't get me wrong: I love Americans. I love the constitution. But the current American way is a disgrace to it.
Instead of rushing to defend the flag and spout off high school economics ideas, think about whether or not you feel the elites in your country have your interests at heart. The system is run by them for them and they've got you chanting for deregulation. I hope your answer is yes. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:35:51
Let me see if I have this right: Venezuela is attacked and placed under economic sanctions by the USA; yet it's USA bashing to point this out while discussing the causes of Venezuela's problems?
It's beside the point, but I'd wager that most leaders throughout history could be described as narcissistic; if not when they took power then after a short time in post. Alexander the Great? Genghis Khan? I'm not sure everyone would agree they ruined their countries, but thanks for simplifying it for me anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-18 02:07:26
"self made misery"
There is enough information out there that this kind of statement shouldn't be acceptable.
Do some research.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:31:55
I wonder, did your 15 years start before or after the failed, US-engineered coup 15 years ago? Venezuela has been attacked continuously thereafter by the biggest power the world has ever known.
To suggest Venezuela's problems are self-made is ignorant of the facts, hence my call to do some research. Am I wrong?