@_author: legbye
@_date: 2017-06-11 10:19:17
4 days and counting since I emailed and my problem hasn't been fixed. Average of 24 hour response time. Only advice was the ingenuity of installing and reinstalling the app. As it stands my money has effectively been stolen. Lykke don't know what has happened and why it is unusable yet my bank account certainly knows it isn't there anymore.
Founders and early investors own significant number of coins - at one point was 98%. 
No legal obligation to provide voting rights (not as if your say will matter anyway when so little have been released to the public) or dividends. 
Lykke receives all the benefits of selling shares with no risk attached and no accountability. No protection of "shareholder" rights. 
ICO was 0.05 when early investors could buy at 0.005. 2% of shares became available at a significant markup with very little justification considering little progress was made.
In response to the question "what do you need money from the masses for?" Part of the response was that "it makes no sense to let profits go only to a few at the top." Does anyone really believe any company yet alone financial company operates like that?
Ridicuoloulsy overvalued.
Closed system - LKK is only available to buy on their own exchange.
From the FAQS: Can the value of the coins be diluted?
Yes. At the moment, there are 12,856,900 shares of stock. The company issues new shares on occasion, usually to bring on new investors. Now that the company’s shares are publicly traded, the company will, in the future, set up a voting mechanism for existing coin holders to vote on matters like this. 
The public own so few shares that voting rights really do not matter, even if there was a legal obligation to provide them. Dilution is very rarely beneficial for the minority shareholder. If you don't have a controlling interest it's not something you want as a shareholder. Why not sell the vast number of shares owned by the founders? 
No legal obligation also means certain rules don't have to be followed that would otherwise protect shareholders. As I said, all the benefits of selling shares without any risk or accountability. 
@_date: 2017-06-10 18:02:47
Only reason there are so many upvotes is because people have been told to upvote this. I'm part of the Slack channel and received an email with a mention, saying "everyone please upvote this post". 
Was interested in Lykke but there are too many red flags and support has been god fucking awful. 