@_author: legendaryph0x
@_date: 2014-08-17 22:03:34
At what point does it become ok or not ok to rollback blockchains? Who has this power and why? 
Those are important questions. In today's crypto environment, which has an abundance of coins of dubious origin, I'd rather a coin died, than making blockchain rollbacks an acceptable thing. There is no shortage of competing coins.
@_date: 2014-08-06 04:10:08
Having a background in academic research (not economics) I can tell you one thing. You say that you submitted your first report at the end of June. You then redid everything that supposedly took you 1-2 months of the summer, much better in 2 weeks and came to these DRASTIC conclusions. (First report from May 29 to end of June. Your team was fired 3 weeks after your report. We are at the beginning of august, so you got at most 2-3 weeks for your dramatic report and this includes the tedious formatting to type up a 50+ page report and make it understandable)
Research is much slower, it takes years to do something meaningful. I don't believe one moment that it took you a month (less actually) to 'prove' what you just said. There's more to modeling than applying something and stating a result, especially in the case of something that is supposedly revolutionary and completely new. If it took people one month to do the ground breaking research and modeling as you did, we'd be ethereal bodies that have evolved past our bodily needs.
Edit: To add to this, a peer reviewed paper takes at least 1 month to get reviewed before being accepted in a journal. We're to believe this was reviewed by the board of governors in a matter of days (before promptly firing you).
@_date: 2014-08-17 17:13:12
Money velocity is intrinsically tied to the size of the money supply which provides an upper bound. This comes from the fact that there are savings and downtimes during which a currency isn't used (i.e. I have 1 bitcoin in my wallet overnight that I will spend tomorrow). 
The fact that blocks come every 10 minutes also stop money velocity from being arbitrary large. As such the nominal value of a Bitcoin depends on the size of the economy it is used in.
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:51:28


The maximum money velocity of bitcoin is 21,000,000 bitcoin per 10 minutes (truly per 60 minutes given the need for 6 confirmations to be safe). This is a hard upper bound ignoring off-chain transactions. There are softer, but stricter (i.e. lower, much lower), practical upper bounds based on the rates of savings and idle time during which currency is unused (my currency isn't used while I sleep, etc). There are similar bounds for fiat for similar reasons, infinite money velocity is an abstraction which is interesting from a pedagogical point of view, but inapplicable to the real world.
If you don't get this and why you are wrong, there is no point in arguing. I give up. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 18:27:29
If 40% of all NXT had been stolen, I don't think a blockchain rollback should be done. NXT has rolling checkpoints so that nothing-at-stake attacks can't be done after something like 720 blocks, so the currency isn't at future risk of forks after redistribution. The remaining reason for rollbacks is then to prevent a hacker from being rich and others from losing their coins.
Currencies should fail and there is a reason for it. If 40% of all VRC are on a single exchange, the currency is either new and failure is acceptable, or it's old therefore a bad currency (because 40% of the supply is centralized in an exchange). I would be weary of setting precedents where blockchains are rolled back, there are reasons bitcoin is attractive and rollbacks undermine a fundamental one: the guarantee that your funds are yours as long as you control the private keys (and the crypto algorithms hold). 
90% of altcoins are money grab attempts. Incidentally, they also provide real life testing ground for new ideas or unforeseen bugs. In either case, failure HAS to be an option.
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:32:33
For that to be a problem, you would need someone to already own 50% of the coins so that they could be stolen. No one owns such a high percentage so the only way to get there is to be able to hack multiple exchanges in quick succession.
I also think 51% of the coins is not enough to attack the PoS system NXT has. This isn't PoW.
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:05:24
You don't seem to know what provides an upper bound is and don't seem to grasp why it's important. Perhaps it is a lack of mathematical training. MS is fixed (in the case of bitcoin), velocity changes, but there are constraints, based on the money supply along with other factors, which bound the money velocity.
This is important because your statement that money velocity can account for an economy which functions just as well with bitcoin worth 1$ or bitcoin worth 27000$ is demonstrably false. The money velocity simply cannot allow for that because there is a bound which leads to a maximum transaction capacity in terms of value. Simply put: there are not enough bitcoins and they cannot change hand fast enough to support economic activities past a certain point unless their value increases. 
Now this does not mean that bitcoin has the same money velocity as fiat and that a bitcoin should be worth 1 million dollars, but it does mean that it is impossible for 1$ bitcoins to accommodate world-scale economies.
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:09:58
Such retard logic. I bet you hate on people who say stuff like "pfft why would I want 10 bitcoin? Now, 1000$ THAT'S worth something'.