@_author: legojack
@_date: 2017-12-18 02:18:06
Preventing some nefarious individuals from lying by technicality like that is probably why most profit is expressed in terms of percentage of the initial investment(i.e. "you can trust me with your retirement fund, I more than doubled my profits this year").
To be clear: I got the joke, and it scans just fine; it just struck me as interesting.
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:44:45
It's a bastardization of "hold." At some point shortly after Bitcoin reach its $1200-ish all time high in 2013, it started a slow 18 month drop downward to $200, sometime shortly after the peak it crashed quickly and a guy wrote what I assume was a meth and alcohol fueled rant that was badly misspelled(the title saying that he's Hodling) rant about how he won't sell because he's a bad trader. It was incoherent, but from it a meme was born.
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:12:09


That's how you do it, man. I gave my brother an extremely fancy paper wallet to go with the 1btc I gave him for his graduation, and didn't want our much younger much autistic-er brother to feel left out I gave him one with a bit-penny on it. I had sized everything and used silver scratch-off stickers to protect the private keys. Within 5 minutes he ripped the sticker off because he didn't understand the concept(a mistake on my part, I admit). Having an extra copy made me pretty happy. I should point out how many legos it can buy now.
Also: good on you regifting that, and seeing it as giving the same gift twice instead of giving them $100 that they disrespect and lose then giving them nearly $20,000 that you could have ridden off into the sunset with. You'd be an asshole, but you could have done that and easily justified it to yourself(if you were an asshole)
@_date: 2018-04-09 01:08:01
Fortune favors the bold, but nowhere near as often as poverty favors the bold.
Every time anyone asks about Bitcoin I always give them a full 5 minutes explaining that it's ultra-high risk and they should invest with the assumption that the money will instantly vanish the second they buy in. It's like gambling, it's fun if you can afford it and even more so if you make money; but if you bet your house that was a terrible idea even if you win. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 01:21:46
More importantly: paying off your debt is 100% guaranteed to bring up your net worth(because you have no negatives working against you on it) whereas Bitcoin only might work out for you. It's even less likely to work out the more you watch the price and panic sell.
I'd say it really depends on whether you believe your interest in the long run will be worth more paying down the debt or investing. For even the lowest interest possible on credit cards you would need to consistently be an incredible investor before you could safely say it was a waste to pay down your credit card, whereas you'd need to be consistently bad to make paying extra on your 3-4% APR mortgage the cheaper choice in the long run. Though there's a good argument to be made for the peace of mind that comes with doing so.
So long as you are at least up to date on all payments, investing is a personal choice, but any high-interest debt should be handled first. Beyond the high interest debt, any decisions to invest in stocks or crypto is a matter of choice so long as you stay current on your low interest debts