@_author: legolas-the-elf
@_date: 2011-07-03 15:31:22
[You're wrong.](
@_date: 2013-04-30 15:58:10
It is not the customer's obligation to police restaurants they visit for violations of labour law or to pay extra to compensate for the possibility of it being broken.
If the restaurant is violating federal labour law, then the responsibility for fixing it lies entirely with the restaurant, and if they fail to do so, the people working there should report them to the authorities instead of complaining that the customers aren't helping to cover it up.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:35:55


This isn't true.  There's about 880K Android apps and a million iOS applications.  I'm sure if you factored in apps where developers just crank out a thousand different variations of a single app, iOS would be even further ahead, as Apple specifically ban developers from spamming the App Store in this way.
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:40:19


This is nonsense.  Apple never removed Google Maps from the App Store.
When the iPhone was first released, Apple negotiated a multi-year license with Google for access to Google Maps.  Google Maps was preinstalled on iOS from the start up until iOS 5 inclusive.  Apple used this as a major selling point.
When iOS 5 came out, Apple's license for Google Maps was almost up and would need to be renegotiated.  Apple and Google didn't agree on terms, so the license was not renewed.  At this point, Apple had to stop distributing Google Maps with new versions of iOS.
iOS 6 was released, and Apple made a point of highlighting a third-party maps app category in the App Store for people who didn't want to use Apple Maps.  Google submitted their own version to this category, and Apple accepted it.  That's why Google Maps is on the App Store now.
At no point did Apple remove Google Maps from the App Store.  For most of the iPhone's existence, it was preinstalled by Apple.  When Apple were no longer able to do that, Google submitted it to the App Store and Apple approved it.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:19:39


No, it doesn't mean that.  That's an assumption you are making.  You could just as easily assume that there was a large spike in Android development before settling down, or that what hadees mentioned is true and people release for iOS first, Android second.
Consider this simplified maths:  A hundred companies ignore Android and release a hundred iOS applications.  iOS has a hundred applications, Android has none.  Android market share picks up.  In the best case scenario for Android, every single one of those companies decides to port their application to Android.  iOS has 100 applications, Android has caught up and has 100 applications.
By your logic, this proves that more applications are being released on Android.  Taken literally, it's true even!  But it's not an accurate representation of the situation, is it?  Saying that Android is catching up from being very far behind is not really the same thing as saying that Android is far more commonly developed for.  In the simplified example I provided, iOS and Android are equally developed for, with developers strongly favouring iOS and iOS users being in a much better position.
It's like that old trick of a competitor who is far behind stating that they've increased their market share by 50% while their rival has only increased their market share by 1%.  If the competitor who is far behind only has 100 users and gains 50 new users, then that's a 50% increase, while if their competitor has a million users and gains 10K users, that's only a 1% increase.  The 50% and 1% numbers might be accurate, but the impression being given is not.


First off: I don't consider no updates and few reviews to be a reliable indicator for an application being "dead".  Apple's App Store review process has specifically caused us to use a content delivery mechanism that *intentionally avoids* application updates as much as possible.  The same is not true of the Play Store as we can bundle content right in the app and update it whenever we choose.  Likewise with reviews.  There's lots of types of application that simply don't get a lot of reviews.  Mainly business oriented ones, in my experience.  I just did a spot check of some of the applications on use most often.  A lot of them only have a handful of reviews.  They are certainly not useless.
Secondly, the source you provide states that 68% of applications installed through Google Play are downloaded fewer than 5000 times, which I would take to be a much stronger signal that an application is useless than the number of updates it receives.
Thirdly, the source you provide states that although Android has a slight edge when it comes to the number of applications released on a daily basis (41% iOS vs. 47% Android), more new developers publish applications on iOS than on Android (90 on iOS vs 75 on Android).  What this means is that new developers are more likely to publish for iOS and Android developers are more inclined to release multiple applications.  Like I said, some Android developers are just spamming the Play Store with lots of variations on the same application (e.g. "Best wallpapers for X!", "Best wallpapers for Y!", "Best wallpapers for Z!") and this is bound to factor into those figures.
Finally, your own source contradicts your claim.  Your original claim was that Android was ahead *by far*, while the figures from your source state 41% vs 47%, which is only a small lead.
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:31:59
Generally speaking, you don't have to worry about malware with either platform.  It's true that there are more opportunities for attacks with Android, but with a bit of common sense, it's not likely to ever be a problem for you.
iOS applications are sandboxed, so unless there's a security hole in iOS, an application you install from the App Store can't interfere with other applications, modify the system, or install new software.  That means that any attacks are likely to be limited in nature and fixed by uninstalling whichever application is causing problems.  For certain sensitive functionality - address book, location, purchases, camera, microphone, etc. - iOS will prompt you for permission before allowing the application access.
Android has a similar kind of security system, but it has two main differences.  Firstly, instead of prompting the user when the application attempts to access certain functionality, it shows the user a list of all the things an application will be able to do when the user installs it.  This is often difficult for non-technical users to understand, and the permissions for applications often appear more broad than is strictly necessary.  Secondly, those permissions allow much greater control over the system should you agree to them.
Users tend to get bored of reading the permissions details and they just install without checking them, and as a result, *in practice* Android applications have unfettered access.
Android has a more fine-grained security system, which is better, but unfortunately, it was designed without regard to how people actually use their phones, so the practical effect is that it undermines the security of typical users.  However if you are careful to check the permissions before installing any application and only install applications from reputable developers, then you are unlikely to run into any problems.
