@_author: leminad
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:15:20
Sorry to break it to you but there is no such thing as intrinsic value. It's one of the most common and widely repeated misconceptions.
fertile soil and clean fresh water are arguably the single most (intrinsically) valuable resources we have on the planet. if there were such a thing as intrinsic value those two would be worth millions per gram.
truth is, there is no intrinsic value hence both are essentially free.
what you confuse for intrinsic value is the same thing that makes anything of value valuable: the fact that other people are willing to pay for it (in almost all cases it's just plain old scarcity). crude oil has huge "intrinsic value" because it's somewhat scarce and the world economy depends on it. the moment the economy switches to other means of energy supply, people will realize that the "intrinsic value" of oil was actually just the fact, that others were willing to pay for it and its presumed scarcity.
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:13:39
Price fluctuations take time to trickle through the economy. If we create a few trillion dollars of a currency, it will take years for that to filter through everything, but eventually that shopkeeper notices that his profit margins are getting slimmer, the wholesaler in China he's buying from is raising the price of gum again etc, and is forced to raise prices. Short-term, the differences in price could be due to currency fluctuations, supply and demand, ingredient/packaging costs, shipping costs, VAT taxes, tariffs or whatever, but long term it's generally just inflation.
A pint of chocolate milk cost $0.10 when my parents where in elementary school, $0.50 when I was and $1.49 now. Inflation allows the government to syphon off wealth from people without it really being noticed. Or put another way, anyone that worked hard but stored their wealth in US dollars, they have the same number of dollars, but those dollars lost about 80% of their purchasing power.
'Unit of account' is simply saying 'for comparison, let's treat this thing thing as the baseline, and measure fluctuations of something else against it'. As a thought experiment, you could consider Bitcoin the unit of account, and view dollars, euro or gold as the thing that's changing in relation to it. This leads to thoughts like 'maybe Bitcoin isn't becoming more valuable, it's just the rest of the world overprinting' which are a little weird because it's hard to separate from 'countries are overprinting, so people are buying Bitcoins to hedge against that, driving the price up'. See also: currency wars a.k.a. 'competitive devaluation' because that sounds a hell of a lot better than 'race to the bottom'. 
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:13:49
A couple of weeks ago there was an informal discussion with Phil Potter, CFO of Bitfinex, about this topic on the Whaleclub teamspeak. There was also a Youtube copy of the discussion that since has been deleted.
Here is a discussion from that talked about the hack and the discussion with Phil (also has been removed at some point): 
The TL;DR is something like this:
Bitfinex requested that a new feature being added to the API they used with BitGo who co-sign every transaction. One part of that feature allowed the Bitfinex key to unilaterally change the criterias which BitGo uses to check before they sign with their key
Because everything from Bitfinex and BitGo is open source, someone realized that if they have the Bitfinex key they can change the criteria and essentially circumvent BitGo
Bitfinex and neither BitGo realized that this new feature opened up this attack vector. The idea for the feature was to change permissions for withdrawal limits of an account by account basis dependent on how trusted the user is. But the feature could also be used to change those limits on a GLOBAL basis which let to their downfall namely 120,000 BTC lost (and 90,000 remained)
A lot of smart people from BitGo and Bitfinex were working on this but no one saw it coming
BitGo was never compromised. They simply did what they were asked to do under the established API rules
Since then BitGo changed their policy and criterias for withdrawals cannot be changed using the API anymore
It is still unclear how exactly the hacker got into possession of the Bitfinex key. But there are some strong hints how and those possibilities have been shut down (obviously Phil was not allowed to give details for legal reasons)
After the hack Bitfinex switched back to a classical hot/cold wallet system which is being used widely by other exchanges and trusted for several years
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:14:50
This is the shit-throwing part, followed by Roger leaving:  Like, why the hell does Roger need to recap what Johnny has said? Alright then, so he does the recap but colours what Johnny actually said, changing the whole narrative of Johnny's. I think that was quite low by Roger - and it certainly was intentional.
All in all, Roger pretty much argued from one point of view. He completely ignores that we can't go back in time to those days with low fees and "0-conf 99% times gets confirmed" etc. by removing the limits (doing the BU), because that would kill decentralization - the thing that Bitcoin builds on.
And apparently when Roger doesn't seemingly understand the points (which in this case are highly technology-related), he starts to play with emotions and do the basic politician tricks.
It's just that developing Bitcoin is not meant for everyone. You need to know the basics of various (mostly technological) things, e.g. what is decentralization in Bitcoin and why Bitcoin requires it. Roger doesn't know this, based on the radio show. Doesn't make him satan though.
@_date: 2017-01-22 20:19:15
You can verify your identity with sending other documents. Contact them and see which documents they accept.
@_date: 2017-01-29 05:34:26
Sound like a movie.