@_author: lem-memester
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:47:23
Sounds like an improvement to me. The amount of money lost in exchanges all those years back was astronomical in today's value. It was stolen in huge sums even back then without all this price increase like it would make news how much money was stolen. Today you just have to multiple it by 100.
I bet there are so many of them lost forever because the hackers were storing them in 1 wallet and not moving them for years in order to avoid getting traced. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 08:12:14
Yeah I've read up on the hacking stories. Thankfully the laptop was very secure because it had dozens of client FTP/domain/hosting info in encrypted files. Even without the bitcoin I always made sure it was beyond safe because anyone could've destroyed a client's business if they accessed my computer.
@_date: 2017-11-16 05:35:32
A guy I made a website for paid me 20+ bitcoin for a flyer I made for his website a long time ago. BTC was around 5-30$ I think around that time. He said he didn't have money left and gave me the coins instead that he "mined" and I thought I got scammed but I didn't want to end our work on a bad note and a flyer is easy so I made it for him. I got a wallet, looked into BTC  and tried to mine it with the wallet I downloaded (didn't work at all). I even joined a mining pool but couldn't figure it out so I gambled 15 away on a website where you played poker thinking they were useless. I thought it was more of a game. Playing poker was really easy though without using a card with bitcoin.
Even when BTC was growing I didn't take it seriously and in fact even laughed about it because I only thought its for the same shady gambling sites. Its only a couple of months ago I saw BTC booming and remembered I still have those coins on an old laptop..
Thankfully no one used that laptop because it's charger, touchpad and speaker is broken. It is in the same state I left it in and does turn off but the charger can't charge it.
Basically I have 35 grand on a laptop that looks like this:
I'll go buy a charger, hopefully its all in there. It was a wallet on the laptop and not a website, if it was on a website I could open it with this computer.
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:09:42
Will do. Thanks for the heads up! 
My first step is just cloning the hard drive without booting in case something goes wrong. I'll open the clone on a new machine and try to get the wallet out.
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:12:57
I don't even remember but it had a full black design and a really ancient layout like a website out of 2004. The tabs were pink. I didn't even think my deposit would work and was surprised when it did. I either played blackjack or poker on it. I only remember the design because its my job. 