@_author: lemonpepper
@_date: 2013-06-13 02:38:45
Exactly the type of info I was hoping for, thank you!
The next step seems to be nailing down a decently reasonable estimate for the change in BTC/MH/s/day, or base that entirely on the change in difficulty. As far as I know, those might be the same thing in effect (and possibility actuality). -_-
This is a pretty overwhelming amount of new information for a short time, but it is certainly interesting!
@_date: 2013-06-13 05:06:46
Awesome reply, thank you!! I'm still a bit lost in this tide of new and interesting numbers, and was searching for what, specifically, I should take into further calculation. You've given me exactly that, by the look of it.
It seems the thing I am missing is a realistic approximation of difficulty progress over time, and a handle on actual shipping.
I never did anticipate stellar gains compared to what they could have been had I gotten into this earlier (no point in that, 20/20 hindsight etc), but from the past couple hours it is looking as though a large BFL hardware investment is impractical.
[Here is a recent reply to a 10 day old thread with a bit of math in it]( I'm going to be looking for the trending data myself as soon as I'm able to get home (office internet/comp/browser, all are shit), but I am wondering about it--does an estimated tripling total hash rate really translate to such a disproportionally high difficulty? I think adding 25GH/s per BFL preorder is safe, as many more are Jalep's than SC's, and it seems as though BFL has a very large market share, doubling that  is a good start.
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:27:44
I am definitely looking for information like this, but with math/sources--it would be silly to dismiss something with this much potential on unfounded speculation.
@_date: 2013-06-13 02:02:14
I understand that BFL products are on back order, and upon ordering now I probably won't have them for 60-120 days. That is a risk I will accept, and it doesn't fundamentally change my question.
It will certainly change the math behind it, though, and as I'm still quite fledgling in this, I'm very curious about estimates those who have more research might share. Things like the estimated growth in difficulty due to hash increase (current total power + sum of all BFL preorders would be a good start), next decrease in BTC per block, etc. which I will research further once I'm off of work.
@_date: 2013-06-13 05:55:37
I am wondering about this--does an estimated tripling total hash rate really translate to such a disproportionally high difficulty? Or do you just mean by the time hardware is recieved? 
I think adding 25GH/s per BFL preorder is reasonably safe, as many more are Jalep's than SC's, and it seems as though BFL has a very large market share, doubling that  is a good start.
All this said, those are good numbers to start working with. I am thinking more that the investment (~$3-5000) I wanted to make would be better spent redistributed a few different ways:  
- (All of these would be preceeded with more research)  
- Maybe 1-2 Jalep's on preorder depending on how fast BFL's fulfillment continues to progress over the next couple weeks  
- $500-1000 in BTC sometime within the next week; as difficulty increases and BTC continues to gain acceptance as a currency, potential for return seems to exist.  
- An ATI Graphics card I can use for gaming right now that I can use for BTC mining during work/sleep. I'm a bigtime gamer with a 30" ultra-high def monitor, I opted for one strong nVidia GPU when I built my system, so I've both got room for and will make use of another card. After a quick bit of research it looks as though mixing nV + AMD cards is not a problem.