@_author: lentwolf
@_date: 2015-09-09 23:19:12
No, but you have to set a precedent at some point or nothing will ever start moving.
@_date: 2015-09-10 19:46:44
inquiring via volunteer email, it's apparently something being worked on.
@_date: 2015-09-09 19:28:32
People joke and hate on McAfee, but he and Trump would probably be just as good (if not better) than the other running candidates. 
c4p0ne (in another comment) talks about the elections being a fraud; if that's the case, and we're tired of it, the only way to change it is to show our discontent. Much like you show your discontent with your wallet at a business, we need to actually get out and vote for other parties - like McAfee or Trump - and show our discontent with our votes.
Abstaining from the vote does nothing to show your discontent - it just lets the powers that be remain the powers that be. You need to actually get out and vote.
As far as McAfee goes, he's run startups and he's run billion-dollar corporations; he's worked for NASA, Lockheed, and other tech/milt/govt organizations over the years. His whole life's work and industry is sooo much more relevant to our times today. Our world is tech - McAfee, in many ways, represents that - and maybe he's the guy to help facilitate changes in the modern US.
Or maybe not. But imo gambling on McAfee &gt; gambling on a lifetime politician whom doesn't even know what a browser, IPv6, or even Reddit is.
@_date: 2015-09-10 19:40:46
Character defects? Ha, everyone has character defects. Some are just better at hiding theirs. That's part of why I like McAfee or Trump - they don't bother trying to hide theirs. They're not lifetime politicians - it's obvious they aren't interested in being so.
Bernie hasn't run companies (or, at the least, not successful ones worth mentioning in a positive light). He's a lifetime politician. I'm not interested. Would rather have someone whom has proven he/she can build something from nothing. That's what McAfee's done, that's what Trump's done. Because our economy is shit and that's what we have right now - nothing.
McAfee and Trump *may not* be able to do anything about the economy - but we all already know for sure that any of the other candidates are just bullshit and aren't going to do anything productive. A tiny chance of something happening is better than zero chance.